user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,304730,14653375,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Divine Alexandra,"The transport tycoon genre isn't the most popular genre, and in the last years we've not seen many new ones pop out. There's been some, but most of them haven't cut it. The last still good transport tycoon is OpenTTD, which is well over 15 years old, so that says a lot. Is Train Fever the true next succedor or just another failed attempt to recreate the true glory of the classic transport tycoon?First of all, Train Fever looks gorgeous. It is by far the best looking transport tycoon that exists. Every part of the graphics is very well done, and the world looks beautiful (albeit a bit empty at times). Everything from the rail tracks to trains and buses to cities, they are all carefully crafted and you can truly enjoy the result. The game is almost hypnotizing, and I find myself spending a lot of time just following the small trains around, moving through the landscape and the result of my hard work as a rail entrepenour.Now, graphics is only one thing, more importantly is the gameplay. To coorelate to the graphic part, the game is very dynamic. Cities will over time grow and change visual appearance. Building style will change to fit the current era, and the pedestrians in the streets. Vehicles get new replacements, and the stations and bus stops change appearance as well. Cities will grow when you supply it with passenger services and goods, or simply create a local bus route in the city. When the city grows it's also an indicator of you most likely earning money as well. The cities grow dynamically, adjusting to the terrain, so no two cities grow in the same way, resulting in relatively diverse cities spreading across the map.A key thing in the game is that every person is a simulated entity, with a home, workplace and destination. Unlike older games, simply attaching a station to a city won't do anything in itself, you need to connect the cities people actually want to travel to. This means that a station with for example a 100 passengers, a train approaching won't necessarily take all of them despite having space. You can luckily easily see where they're heading by simply clicking the station, and it gives you an overview over what lines the passengers are waiting for. Of those 100 passengers, 50 of them could be for one train line, 40 for another, and 10 for the local bus.Passengers are despite this relatively easy to manage. It's recommended to start with internal bus/tram routes, then connect cities with buses. After time, the demand will be high enough for you to use trains, effectively being able to connect several cities in one route. Now, cargo is something else however. Cargo in Train Fever is very tricky to wrap your head around. It's heavily based around demand. If a city has demand for goods, the factories will produce exactly as much as is demanded, if they have the resources supplied for it. It never produces more. A single factory can have a production up to 400 (which is quite a lot), supplied with only one of each sub resource source (a steel mill for example requires iron ore and coal, but only one factory of each), as production scales with it. The most efficient way to deal with cargo is by using trucks, as they are frequent and cost efficient, easily allowing you to see if a route is profitable or not.Now, a key element in Train Fever is the upkeep. Unlike other transport tycoons, laying roads and tracks is cheap. Very cheap. Trucks and buses have moderate upkeep (it's pretty reasonable, and will usually end up in profit), while trains have HUGE upkeep. The upkeep scales over time, an old train has signficiantly higher upkeep, forcing you to replace engines often. This however is quite easy, as you can allocate automatic replacement of a line in your route planner.As time passes, new, more powerful engines will be able, but they will also be more expensive. This approach forces you to have efficient and profitable train routes. A train route can either have million losses or million profits, depending on how well managed it is. I've found that a good approach is to have double track passenger lines with 3-5 stops, with two running trains. As long as you don't overextend your passenger trains, they will be fine (you don't need too many wagons or the fanciest engines).Cargo trains are a whole different story, and something I struggle with heavily. If I start early on building one, I can get a line with 3 stops to profit, with roughly 150-200 cargo being transported. Establishing a new route in modern times turns out to be harder. If you can managge it right, it will give a decent profit, but in the end it just isn't worth the hazzle. With passenger trains you can easily set up a route with 5+ million in profit, and you can make several of them.Another thing in Train Fever is transport time. A person or cargo will in total time spend no more than 20 in-game minutes, including walking to the station and switching lines. This means that long cargo lines have limited efficiency, and that passenger routes cannot be too long. Roughly 10 minutes for trains is decent, and a minute for buses. Trucks can go down to 10 seconds on busy routes. This system works hand in hand with the passenger entity system. If a route takes longer than 20 minutes in total, the person will use their car or simply not go (as far as I know).I believe that's most of the game's elements that's worth mentioning.The game has a good modding community, and I recommend picking up some mods as it can extend the fun of the game heavily.Verdict!Pros:- Gorgeous looking- Realistic and satisfying simulation- Fun to play- Easy to manage with a good UI- Challenging- Easy to modCons:- Cargo system is simply annoying- The economy isn't satisfactory for some- No planes or ships- Steep learning curve (this can be seen as both good and bad, but I feel many will feel it's on the bad side)- Can feel repetitive after a whileTo conclude:Train Fever is definitely worth playing if you like transport tycoons. It looks beautiful, and it feels a bit like managing a model railway. It's fun, and gives for many, many hours of gameplay. It takes time to learn, but as you eventually get to know your ways around it you'll feel a sense of achievement. It's challenging, but in a fun way. The stock selection is a bit sparse, but a few mods will change that. The cargo system is ridiculously hard to manage.In overall, a very good game, but I'm usure as to whether people will accept it as a ""true"" succedor to previous installments. Personally I won't ever touch any of the old games again.Score: 8/10""like skyrim but with trains"""
76561197981579708,Not Recommended,304730,11993395,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,shockiii,"This game sadly feels like an early access, the game works but a lot of stuff are missing and it makes it really unbearable after a while.I wonder sometimes if the dev played any other games like Transport Tycoon Deluxe, Railroad Tycoon or Cities in Motions 2 and if they even played their game !+ The scale : big map, big stations, long trains, big cities+ The simulation : cities grow with your changes, each cargo/passenger is simulated, cities got residential, commercial, industrial and leisure buildings.+ Good building options+ It's 3D, not particularly pretty but still nice though a bit empty and green.+ Mod support (hopefully)- Poor performance- The UI is appalling- Lots of options are missing (key bindings, UI scale, mouse speed, etc)- A line will always use the same path and platform so 2 trains from the same line can't wait in the same station (or it is not as simple as it should be)- The building tools are annoying. Why use drag and drop when you could just click once to start and click another time to just finish a segment then accept it or move the ending point. Not to mention you have to build segment by segment, can't do multiple points. Really annoying when you're building complex paths.- Bridges and tunnels are a pain to build and they're way too high/low. Too much collision during building overall.- Rails can't cross eachothers. You can't control what you wanna bulldoze so you'll end up destroying the 2 segments of a crossing when you only want one.- No AI- To replace a vehicle, it needs to go to a depot and you have to change them manually one by one ... REALLY ? After 25 years, I had like 30 vehicles and couldn't bear having to micro manage this part. Stopped playing right away on my first game. Depot aren't really fun to manage, trains don't need to service.- The cargo chains are limited (but mods seems to fix that)- The first 50 years are boring to me, not a lot of vehicles available (6 engines maybe ?) and they're extremely slow.- Can't upgrade a station, have to pause the game, destroy it then build the new one. Stations limited to 5 platform. But since one line seems to use only one platform, you don't need more right now.- Simplistic : the economy, the train tracks, etc. Did I mention the economy ?- No map editor (yet)And I'm probably forgetting some stuff.Most of those points can be fixed but there are too many problems right now to make it really enjoyable.I'm optimistic and hope they will sort everything out cause it got good foundations.And hopefully, mods will make this game really complete.Now, I don't recommend it, it's not finished and can be really frustrating. We'll see how they patch that game up."
,Recommended,304730,11979918,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,bobeyuno,"It's good, but needs work. Some parts feel fustrating and not thought out properlyThe good:The look and feel of the world is stunning, lots going on and everything is visilbeThe Ease of setting up routesThe soundtrackThe cargo distrbution makes senseThe not so good:Limited vechile managment, you can't just upgrade a vechile, you have to send it to depot, sell then buy a new oneCan't upgrade stations, you can't just add some more tracks to your station, you need to demolish it and rebuild itTrack buidling is fustrating, it often takes sevral attempts to get 2 tracks to join nicleyActual managment of the company is non-exsistentIt's a good game and i will be playing more, it just feels like there could be a lot more ecspeccially for this price point. The main factor is building track feels limited once you built it, upgrading the layout is not easy"
,Not Recommended,304730,12021734,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,banzaimonkey,"I've played a lot of economy sims, from the Original Sim City (with 256 colors) through the reboot, as well as the original Railroad Tycoon, 2, and 3, Sid Meyer's Railroads, Transport Tycoon Deluxe and OpenTTD, A-Train, Locomotion, and others. I have a long history with the genre, so I've played the best games and maybe my standards are a bit high, but I was hoping that Train Fever would make a splash and bring something fresh to the genre. It sadly does not.Let's start with the good parts. The graphics are excellent as you can see from the screenshots (at least when you're zoomed in), and watching the trains run using the chase cam is pretty relaxing. The camera is very well done and the scenery is nice, from water to trees to lens flare. Not having played the $4000 Train Simulator I can't compare the graphics but I think there's probably a price differential to consider.So, on to the rest of the game i.e. the economy, laying track, running trains (technically there are busses and trucks too) and such. This is where the game falls flat. Your economy is based on transporting people between towns and different types of businesses (think RCI from Sim City), or industrial goods. The industry component feels a bit like an afterthought and is way less detailed than, say, Transport Tycoon or even Railroads. I was hoping for something like Transport Tycoon's shipping tables, or OpenTTD's town growth ruleset.Laying track is tedious. The UI is clunky and track placement is frustrating. To place track you click and drag, and then click a checkbox or cancel button. They did this so they can hide an elevation button in the confirmation popup, but it's awkward. There are a combination of things that make track hard to place: Minimum turn radius, arbitrary collisions with things like terrain, rivers, rocks, roads, etc. It's sometimes impossible to build a bridge or an intersection so you get stuck. By comparison, placing track in Railroads was amazingly simple, and still built decent-looking lines most of the time. OpenTTD gives you way more feedback and control over how track gets placed. I think a sandbox mode might help with the track building parts.Running trains is tedious. The first trains that you get are super slow. They take forever to get anywhere. Vehicles eventually cost too much to maintain and need to be replaced, which means selling them and setting up new ones from scratch. To unlock more trains later you have to wait 50 years of game time, which is several hours at max game speed. The content gating sucks. Also you need a positive bank balance after 50 years (which you can get by taking up to 10,000,000 in loans to cheese ahead). Repeat that process for 200 years or so. 1850-2050. Managing routes and trains and track and depots is a pain, mainly because placing track is so finicky, and the UI is not streamlined for things like upgrades and replacements.The economy is weird. Running trains often seems to be barely profitable. The rail and trains are very expensive, and the trains run so slowly and the income they produce is tiny. It's very easy to run at a loss after spending a ton of time and money setting up a route. From this respect, I feel like the simulation difficulty is similar to Railroad Tycoon, but there's a lot less information provided to you about markets, supply, and other things you would need to make informed decions about your lines before you build them. I suppose the saving grace here is that you can dip into 10 million dollars in loans to figure things out.Once you've actually built the route the UI is pretty good about telling you how frequently your transportation runs (e.g. bus every 8 minutes) and how much money each vehicle earns and costs you. I guess you can just bulldoze stuff that loses money. But after all that time invested in getting the track to actually connect, and setting up the routes, this just kinda knocks the wind out of my sails.The final aspect that's missing is motivation. For me as a player there's really no reason to continue playing. There are no objectives to complete, no subsidies to chase after, no AI opponent to run out of business or perform a hostile takeover on. There's really no carrot to entice me to stick through some of the tedious game mechanics.If the track placement and UI were more streamlined so I could focus on running a rail business, I might have the patience to figure out the nuances. But as it stands it's just frustrating to play. Once I get a route setup that makes money I don't want to touch it anymore."
76561198031922011,Recommended,304730,13406728,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,dave,"I had trouble deciding if I should recommend this game or not. In its current state I would probably rate it about 5½ out of 10, just into the positive. Anyone who has played and enjoyed Transport Tycoon Deluxe, Sid Meier’s Railroads, or Railroad Tycoon III will probably enjoy playing Train Fever but there are quite a few things that need fixing about it.The object of the game is simply to build a road and rail network then use trains, trams buses and trucks to transport people and goods at a profit. There are no competitors and no goal other than the satisfaction of making a success of your transport empire.The quality of the graphics are a lot better than the games above however even on my PC, which is very high spec, Train fever suffers badly from spikes at the end of each game month and especially at the end of each game year as the in-game finances are calculated.The road/rail construction takes a lot of getting used to and can be quite frustrating at first. You try to build a line and at the last moment there is an unexpected collision with something or the slope is too high. Bridge/tunnel building are particularly difficult as you have no idea how high or low you need to go and how much run-up is required either side. Get it wrong you either pay to demolish it or go back to your last save. TIP: Save before starting ANY construction in this game.The world the game map is set in is a weird mixture. The vehicles and buildings are all quite clearly German. The town names are all from the UK rail map and the currency is dollars! There are industries you can connect up to each other and deliver goods to the towns to make them grow but there are only three industry chains:Forest – Sawmill – GoodsOil – Refinery – GoodsCoal/Ore – Steel mill – GoodsEven Transport Tycoon, which must be about 20 years old now, had a more complex industry set up than train fever and in TTD you could finance new industries yourself which you cannot in train fever.Passenger and goods for both road and rail require different stations although they can share road/rails.My biggest gripe by far about Train Fever is the lack of a decent manual/tutorials. You really are dropped in the deep end with no help whatsoever on most of the complexities of the game. I’ve been playing now for over 130 hours and I still have not fully figured out things like the rail signal system and the behaviour of the people who populate the game and why the do/don’t use the available transport.A game take ages to play. Despite my 130 hours at it, I am yet to reach the end of the timeline, in fact I am not half way through. I seem to have spent most of the time re-loading/redoing constructions trying to get them to work, but even so, to do the full timeline without going back could take days if not weeks.TO THE DEVELOPERSPlease put an undo/wind back time function.More complex industry chains required.Enable station enlargement without demolitionFix the end of month/year spikesFix a bug where some passengers disappear between stations (perhaps the fall out?)PRODUCE A DECENT MANUAL!!!This game is really a virtual train set and overall I have enjoyed playing Train Fever but it could be so much more!"
,Recommended,304730,11985231,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,[NAR] Master Baiter,"EDIT 2 (08/12/14):Devs are still working on this game so that's great.They added some nice little details (cars now stop at a railway crossing, barriers along highways) and new useful things (upgrade tool mainly) over the months.Some important things are still annoying though:- Can't upgrade a road crossing rails without having to demolish the whole thing- Can't build a road crossing rails (only the other way around)- Definitely needs an easy upgrade function for train stations- Needs more information/tutorials overall as this is not an easy game to learn for people without any patience at the moment.Still a great game though!EDIT (06/09/14):My initial review below still applies but I just want to add/clarify some points after playing more hours on the game.- After extra time and reading online tutorials, the cargo business makes a lot of sense and is actually quite simple to understand.- My comment about the game being challenging is true. However, I've found out you can just easily borrow money (by $100,000 increments) and it looks like there is no limit to that.Basically, it is up to you to decide if you want to make this game challenging (by not borrowing money) or make it easy by spending carelessly and hitting the borrow money every 2 minutes.INITIAL REVIEW (04/09/2014):This game is fun and works pretty well! I completely get the passenger side of things but I really don't get the cargo things and the tutorials are really basic (they don't even mention the cargo).I had a lot of fun playing this game so far.However, there are a few annoying things:- the mouse to edge of screen scroll doesn't work well at all so I just use my keyboard to move the camera. (This is definitely the most annoying thing of the game, I mean, edge of screen scroll is the base of any simulation/strategy/tycoon game)- upgrading train stations (making them longer or adding lanes) is really frustrating because you need to destroy the existing one and buy a new one instead. This becomes really hard when the city developed itself around your first station. You end up destroying all the buildings around.- line management for trains is a bit annoying sometimes and you can end up with 2 trains on the same lane for an unknown reason and the 2 trains end up waiting for each other without moving so you just lose a lot of money until you notice the issue and sort it out.I hope the devs will continue to work on the game and publish updates in due time to optimize the game.What I love:- Decent graphics with huge zoom into the towns- huge random maps- cities development - you can really see the impact of your transport business- building tool easy and efficient- line management is really easy and effective for buses- challenging - Banished effect there: everything goes well then everything goes to s**t very quickly due to bad planning- the soundtrack!!!I definitely recommend this game to anyone who love Sim City or similar and want to focus specifically on transportation development instead of building the town yourself.However, the price is a bit high. I've got it with the 10% pre-order discount but I would recommend getting it on sales for $20-25 at the most."
,Not Recommended,304730,14693407,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Zebulan,"I was excited for Train Fever and when I got to play it, I came to understand that I just don't like it.  I want to like it, it's not a /bad/ game, it's just severely lacking in... everything.- There's no artificial intelligence, so don't expect competition.  You're on your own to play at your own pace; not a bad thing, but not very exciting either.- The game is excruciatingly slow.  Even on the x3 speed setting, you will mindlessly stare at your monitor, waiting for money to roll in, to continue your expansion.  Even when it does roll in, there's not much to spend it on, because...- There's no content.  Train Fever presents you with new vehicles, rarely, and when they arrive, it will always better than the last one.  You're never given multiple vehicles where ""one might be better than the other depending on play style/situation.""  No, the latest vehicle is always the best, both in capacity and speed.- There's a severe lack of content.  Yeah I said it about the vehicles, now I'll say it about the industry.  There's wood, iron, coal, oil... goods... uhm... people... oh that's it.- Upgrading vehicles is a chore.  The game, thankfully, gives you a replacement option when it reaches end-of-life to be replaced with the same or better vehicle.  However, if you want to manually upgrade your vehicles to a new one, you have to send it to a depot, wait for it to arrive, sell it, buy a new one and add the new one to the line.  Why can't we use the vehicle replacement option for ""immediate"" upgrades?  (Yes, you can choose 25% life to replace, but then you run the risk of replacing new vehicles that don't need it - a waste of money)- The game has severe balance issues, still, outside of early access.  You can make more money from a bus or tram route in a city than a rail.  The bus or tram route cost you ~$300-400k to start up or less.  The train will run you millions on track alone, only to turn around and have citizens rarely use the trains.  (Edit 03/03/2015: I later determined that rail, is in fact, a money maker - my apologies.  One superb strategy is to set up your inner-city transportation network with a large stop near your rail depot; citizens will ""transfer,"" effectively netting you income from them twice.  So balance in this respect is no longer an issue.)- Don't bother, ever, trying to put road over rail.  Don't bother, ever, trying to put two rail near each other.  The build tools are so ****ed up that no matter how many hours you waste, you can never get things to work out.  Road too steep!  Rail obstruction!  Chaos!  The build tools puts a MAJOR hamper on the ability to construct your routes efficiently; prepare for headaches.- The game runs choppy as hell.  Optimization this, improvement that, it's all for naught.  I can't understand why a game with so little going on runs so poorly.At the end of the day, I feel no sense of accomplishment and no motivation to keep playing.  It's just not *fun*.I would love to see new game mechanics to spice Train Fever up.  More resources, more vehicles, competition..."
76561197970160835,Not Recommended,304730,12954360,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,theo20185,"Train Fever attempts to take the railway and transportation management genre to the next level by including elements from many of the past greats. The strongest influence on Train Fever is Transport Tycoon. The Train Fever website acknowledges this by including a small section devoted to the history of this genre. While Train Fever attempts to resurrect and bring rail and transport management back to modern gaming, it fails at standing out among other recent similar titles.Train Fever tries to be the Jack of All Trades. It includes city public transport, inter-city travel, and cargo supply line management. By putting all these features into one title, not one of them feels fully fleshed out. It may gather a curious audience who has played a game that simulates one of those features well, but it will not hold their attention for long as gamers will find their favorite feature lacking.The cities are not as large as cities presented in games like Cities in Motion, and the populations are very small. Most cities will start with a population under 200 in 1850. Unfortunately, by the year 2000, it will be a struggle to get their populations north of 1,000. The cities grow  dynamically, depdending on how far the residents can travel on your networks in the space of 20 minutes and how well supplied a city is with finished goods, but they never feel like a metropolis. Managing travel within a city may be done with 1 or 2 bus lines, easily getting 80% line usage from the population. The population is not divided by class, either, and every person feels the same, with random destinations (one building each) for home, work, shopping, and leisure. Which one a person picks to travel to seems random, and times passes so quickly (1 day per second), that there is no illusion this person is alive with a real schedule to keep. Cities are so small that many players have stated they do not bother with public transportating within the city limits and focus solely on intercity transportation.Intercity passenger transportation is a bit more interesting. Traveling from one city to another will be the first task undertaken that the passengers cannot fulfill themselves by just walking. Establishing a connection between two cities also jumpstarts the growth in both cities and you will see an immediate benefit in population growth. The newly created residents now have a chance to have one of their destination buildings be in a different city than their home. The player has a choice of using bus lines, tram lines, or rail lines to complete the connections. Rail is the fastest way to travel throughout the game, but it is the most expensive to build infrastructure, maintain it, and run it. The running costs of one train will dwarf the running costs of an entire bus fleet or tram fleet. Due to this, many players opt for focusing on road connections using trams and buses. Trains are the fastest vehicle, but due to their expense, most lines can only afford one or two trains, which makes  for long waiting times at train stations. Trams and buses are slower, but running an entire fleet will shorten the station waiting time dramatically. I actually got passengers farther using light rail trams compared with using trains. Late in the game, the costs for running trains increases dramatically, and passenger rail lines are very difficult to make profitable.When it comes to cargo transportation, the game feels weakest. There are only three production lines, and each line ends in the same generic cargo type ""finished good."" The lines are:Iron Ore + Coal -> Steel Mill -> CityTimber -> Lumber Mill -> CityOil -> Refinery -> CityPlayers have an option to ship cargo via trucks or by rail.  Trucks can only carry a few tons at a time. Rails need large amounts of cargo in order to be profitable, but it's easier to make a cargo line profitable via rail than it is a passenger line, keeping in mind that freight trains generally have much high running costs than passenger trains. Unlike passengers, cargo has no set destination and can be hauled to any facility that accepts deliveries. This seems like a step back for the genre. Even Simutrans, an open source project with low resolution sprites that look like they were regurgitated from old DOS games, has more production lines with business contracts that provide destinations for all cargo. The one interesting idea that Train Fever presents is that producers will not manufacture without demand. Unless the entire production line is hooked up, nothing will produce. The only way to make a facility produce more is to increase the demand, and that starts at the end of the chain by providing more outlets for the finish goods and working your way up to transporting more raw materials. Unfortunately, the execution of this idea seems lacking. On a small game map, it is possible to supply every city from one cargo line. It does not matter which line you choose, as they all end in the same type of finished goods. Any delay on your line will kill productivity. Train is old and needs to be replaced? You had better put the new train on the track first before getting rid of the old fella as production immediately starts dropping when the line is not serviced. If you want a supply line challenge, try Railroad Tycoon III. Even Railroads! has a better transportation model, as each city will have a variety of needs to be filled.Routing in Train Fever is the best part of the game, but it can be frustrating. The auto-recalculations of routes at various points in the game sometimes make the game stutter. Routes can also change based on traffic density, turning your nice straight bus route into a twisted death pretzel over time. Rails present some fun puzzles as you try to figure out how to extend your lines without causing train collisions. You can use signals to help with this, but you are limited to simple switches, tunnels, and overpasses on your rail lines. No double-crossovers or four-way diamonds allowed. Designing the throat to a high-traffic station is a pain as you map out where each simple switch enters and exits the throat, and you end up extending the station throat almost halfway to the next town in order to accomodate each one. Station planning is important as you cannot upgrade your station once it is placed. Need a longer platform? Stop all your trains, tear down the old infrastructure, and build an entirely new station. Need more platforms? Same thing. Unless you already have five, then you're at your limit and need to build an entirely new station elsewhere near the city. While train routing is realistic (no trains passing through other trains on the same track), the actual track constructs are limited in scope. Railways X provides a more satisfying layout modeler with far more tools to build interesting crossings and signal systems.Train Fever has a laundry list of features that made me want to play the game. Unfortunately, each one of these features on its own is handled better by other (and often older) titles. By trying to do so much, Train Fever feels like it glosses over what makes transportation and rail management games fun to play."
76561197971524919,Recommended,304730,12031780,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,CoMMiCH,"I played a lot of economy sims before. (Railroad Tycoon, 2, and 3, Sid Meyer's Railroads, Transport Tycoon Deluxe and OpenTTD) I was really looking forward playing train fever and i'm pleased with the game so far. The primary focus of the game is it's realism trough time and i really like the gameplay that comes with it.Graphics: Amazing ( i'm running the game all maxed out and it's very smooth) the vehicle details are amazing, they look and sounds as they do/did.Gameplay: very good and easy to learn.My first game (easy/flat and small map) was really to learn and understand the game. My game lasted from 1850 to 2050 in over 10 hours of play ( i don't know how other people can rate this game with so few hours of play).The 1850 to 1900 period: everything is quite cheap and you need quantity to make up for the  slow speeds. creating your network is very easy.From 1900 to 1950 i upgraded my trains, downsized my fleet and had to close down a few branch lines to keep my finances inthe green. ( Ihad build way to much lines and my frequency way way too high, beginners mistakes) the quantity of road vehicles decreased even further. At start i thought upgrading vehicles was time consuming, but in the 3rd upgrade round it took me less then 5 minutes for over 60 lines with a total of 250 vehicles at start. Trains are also easy to replace if you build a depot that is always reachable or build a depot at the start and the end of the game.1950 to 2000: Wonderful era of fast loco's and powerfull loco's but not really eco fiendly. their upkeep is amazing so only usefull on main routes. The game offers some other loco's wich are not that fast but are fast accelerating, so perfect for branch lines.2000 to 2050: if you make it this far money should not be an issue anymore, towns have grown so much that there are enough passengers for all of your lines to make a profit.Tip: if you have trouble keeping in the green make sure you start early with factory's to upgrade. this will generate a lot of money. to do so supply the factory's with raw materials. (raw material sit grow with the factory, so one site/source of raw material is enough to supply one factory (keep this in mind opentdd players, i made this mistake too) to make sure the factory grows fast  you need to provide a conection between the factory and some towns around it ( click on town names to see how much cargo they want). by doing so the factory wants to produce a lot of goods. My steel mill had 2 incoming lines each good for 2 milion a year. and 4 outgoing lines suplying city's, all for 1 million a line. this means a total income of 8 million a year!Tip 2: Planning, for passaenger service to be profitable you need a steady network with good coverage,plan this from the start. not all lines can be main lines this will be way too expensive later on in game. a early planning of what will become your main line and wich lines will become branch lines saves a lot of money later in game.Tip3: Group stations, click on the station icon above a station, a popup window will appear. click on group and then click the station icon of a other station next to it.My second game was way more organised and even better to play even on medium dificulty, at the moment i'm playing a Hard game and untill now i am still in the green.Conclusion: I played almost 70 hours so far, the game is definitly worth the €25,- If you like this genre learn to play this game and be suprised with it. It will take you some time to learn but it is worth it. Updates can only make this game better and diversity in vehicles will only make this game even more fun to play."
76561198010767724,Recommended,304730,12793810,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,GeneralGeldenhuys,"Update 31/1/2015:This is a great day for Train Fever! The developer released a new update addressing performance issues regarding stuttering. They improved the game engine to utilise the processing capacity better by improving multithreading of calculations. Therefore the game perfomance increased and plays overall much better. This is a great improvement and ensure the game is stable for the long run.Update 27/11/2014:Today the game is been patched again, featuring animated road and rail crossing where vehicles stops for the train. There is also a new wagon to carry wood. Therefore I can say the developer really trying to improve the game constantly and they working hard to get the game to work on everyones computer. There is some fixes for the new Intel HD4xxx, but make double sure you laptop support the game's hardware prerequisite.Update 12/11/2014:The developers constantly patching the game and today I've receive waypoints. This greatly enhanced the gameplay and options available. Before waypoints was there, it was a struggle to specify which line the train must use and which line not. Now I can assign a train to stop at a specific platform, drive on a given track and much more. I highly recommend the game now after all the effort being put into the game by the developers. I'll give this now a 7/10 and after the mods, 9/10!Original review:This is a pretty game, nice to look at, decent graphics and lots of details. But this game is pure basics, you cannot compare this with other game like OpenTTD or Transport Tycoon, nor Railroad Tycoon or other transport related games out there. This game is unique in its own way.To list the good things:Nice graphicsBasic gameplayExcellent modding support attrain-fever.netFreedom to build rails everywhere :) Train Fever!!!The downside:Not exacly a clone of Transport Tycoon, lots of things change, actually simplifiedLack of variety of freight types to transport, there is only 4 different types: coal, iron ore, oil and goodsThe game is still in its early stages, I wouldn't say its suppose to be early access, because the game working stable on my computer and the base game is there as it is supposed to be, but lack additional content which was expected, like water transportation, more variety of locomotives and carriages, ect.This is more of a surveying simulator, lots of collisions and bridge pillar limits. A steep learning curve to know what can be done and what not, when building rails or roads.I'll give this a 5/10, but with the mods available and awesome modding community, 7/10 will suffice. Make sure to get the mods. Its like Skyrim was, good game, but 10 times better with mods!Many people have trouble to run this game, usually the same people moaning over and over. Therefore, make SURE you have the right hardware as listed above. Don't even think this game will work with Intel graphics, many players complained about this. And also look out if you graphics card support OpenGL 3.2. You will need this!"
76561198059094385,Recommended,304730,19262925,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,M.S.D.,"Before I bought this game I was concerned about the large number of negative reviews that were posted, but then I realized most of them were made by people that had low hours in the game and did not take more time before rendering their opinion. After spending some time in the game I have to say that it's not perfect but I love it.-This is more of a transportation simulation game than just a game solely about trains which is fine because every mode of transport can help make your trains more profitable. Well served cities will grow and provide more revenue for the systems you set up. The times change and transport demands change with it, the train route that made alot of money in 1900 might not do so well when people start getting cars but with a few route tweaks it might make even more money.-This game is not easy and the only guides seem to come from the community but there is a lot of help out there. Certain building aspects continue to be frustrating, like terrain collisions and  ""not enough space"" when clearly there is space but there always seems to be another way to make it work. Sometimes you just have to plan ahead and expect that city growth will mess you up so lay out things early. I also can't earn trophies due to the game claiming i'm using mods when I haven't used or have any.-The game is menu heavy. It seems that everything you do causes yet another menu and view to come up some of which seem un-needed and even though my computer is above the min. requirements, if too many views or menus are open it will crash especially later when I have a lot of vehicles moving in all directions.While the game is not perfect it is very rewarding when all of the transportation lines are moving well and making good money, this is when its fun to just watch. For people that have enjoyed the tycoon type games, this is like that but without having to negociate various contracts. Thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,304730,15997738,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,ihwar2000,"Ever since Transport Tycoon Deluxe, which I played for hundreds and hundreds of hours back in the day, I've been looking for a worthy successor. After all, it's been 20 years since its release. So when I saw the pre-release screenshots of Train Fever, I was really excited. Unfortunately, this game comes nowhere near to filling Transport Tycoon's shoes.If I've built a rail line and it starts to bring in the cash, I still don't feel that I've accomplished anything. When I've paid off my initial loan and have millions to spend, I just can't be bothered to spend it on anything. In Transport Tycoon I could spend hours perfecting a train line, just to make it better and more efficient. In Train Fever I just don't care. Why? For one because building rail or roads is just too tedious and clunky. Mainly however because the game just isn't very fun.  Almost everything is clunky: the menus, the interface, building things.One thing that I like though, the very thing that made me buy the game: the graphics. The vehicles in particular look amazing. The towns and landscapes look okay, but are lacking in variation.I really wanted to like this game, and I've tried several times, but I just can't. If I knew then what I know now, I would never have bought this game."
76561197975821970,Not Recommended,304730,29205972,Posted: 12 January,all,aramcgregor,"I had high hopes for Train Fever, at first glance it has everything you could want from a new Transport Tycoon/Railroad Tycoon game: Nice graphics, plenty of vehicles, growing cities and industry.Visually Train Fever is nice. I have had some frame rate issues with every computer I have ran it on (including my new PC, which can run Just Cause 3 and Fallout on max settings), but the game remained playable from that perspective.The economic side of the game is the first big let down. There are far too few industries and given it takes time and patients to get them even remotely profitable, there really isn't much incentive to bother.What really kills the game for me though, is the track building and routing. It is incredibly tricky to build a bridge over a road for instance. To get double track working properly is also much much harder than it should be.To be fair, the developer had released several updates (including to the interace and trackbuilding) but none have made the game worth playing for me. The time spent on their free (cosmetic) update- the American scenery was appreciated, but would have been much better spent on the gameplay.The release of Transport Fever rubbed salt into the wound: improvements that should have been made to Train Fever were implemented there instead. It would have been nice if the developer had put the Train related improvements into Train Fever as a gesture of good will.To put things into perspective, Railroad Tycoon 3 is a comparitavely challenging business simulation with dozens of industries, a basic version of the stock market and far more interesting maps. It beats Train Fever in every aspect apart from graphics and was released back in 2003 (and work on my Windows 10 machine)."
76561198190710127,Recommended,304730,18732858,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,aubergine18,"Changing my review to a tentitive thumbs up. Some tips so you don't hate it as much as I did when I first started playing...There are quite a few clunky things about this game, and it's one of those where you end up restarting quite a few times until you work out the basics, but after the frustrations there's a pretty decent game waiting to be found.Enable the ""No main lines"" mod that comes with the game (Advanced tab when starting game) and suddenly it becomes a whole lot more enjoyable (although you can't get achievements with the mod enabled, which means you can't unlock the later start years - just leave an empty map running overnight without the mod to get round that).You can group stops (eg. tram station and train station) so that people will treat them as a single destination - this makes a huge difference to how they travel, because they'll more readily use mixed transport types to get to their destination."
,Recommended,304730,16224580,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Maj.Faux-Pas,"Reccomended only for hardcore train lovers! Even then it's a reserved reccomendation.I bought TF on sale, and am enjoying it somewhat. It reminds me quite a bit of Cities In Motion, in that it's using the same game engine, except you can't set prices and there are no victory conditions. Also there is no failure state that I've seen, so TF is technically a simulation and not a game at all.I have played 175 hours in Sid Meier's Railroads, and loved it. That game has lots of strategy, and it's more about connecting the various types of cargo randomly scattered across the map for a huge profit. Great challenge to see how many points I could crank out in an hour of gameplay. But the track laying was pretty boring.Now I'm looking at this game's cargo routes and scratching my head. Why the heck is it called Train Fever if the cargo routes are right next to eachother? Why do most of the mines not produce anything? Why can't I make a profit running rail cargo at all? Why is most of my time--and profit--all in road traffic, in this game about trains?I can only reccomend this game to diehard train fanatics and railroad sim lovers, but even then it's lacking. So, buy on sale. Don't expect things in the game to work properly, like laying track over roads! OMG! Expect to tear your hair out.But yes, the rail laying is good and the train scheduling and routing are good, better than 'Railroads' and more realistic. Just not as fun. More sandbox sim, less game."
76561198041468789,Not Recommended,304730,34763432,Posted: 5 September,all,VDV SL0TH-,"It feels like someone tried making a good game, coded some kind-of working core gameplay elements and then completely forgot to polish the rest of it. The game looks like work-in-progress to me. It has no properly designed menus, no consistent formatting and overall just seems unfinished.Also there are some performance issues here and there making it somewhat annoying to place tracks.Personally for me it is completely unenjoyable because of how poorly it is designed, making it quiet hard to even get the first steps done, making it not even worth the 3€ I paid for it."
,Recommended,304730,11978989,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,De-Gen,"It feels like a rushed release. But although rough around the edges, the polish will come I'm sure. If you are a fan of Open TTD, or simulation games, this has some serious potential. It is fun at the moment and with the moddability factor comes a ton of content from the community. It is early days, you may want to hold off purchasing for a well rounded feature rich game. But I would like to support the devs for what is an incredibly needed game in the genre.The base game is there, it is now time for polish and content. CHOOCHOO!"
,Recommended,304730,12561007,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,tomtalk24,"Brilliant!I played Transport Tycoon back when i was a kid, loading the game in DOS. I love this genre. I wasn’t bothered with Railroad Tycoon, I could never enjoy it as much. It was less about building an efficient infrastructure that you could tweak and improve to much about finances and a false sense of achievement. This game is certainly in the Transport Tycoon league.The game is in no way flawed, early access or broken as many like to point to. The game is as finished as when Transport Tycoon under Micro Prose was released. Only today too many people online, many of them new (lvl1) due to more people gaining access to the internet / switching from console to PC expect all games to be as refined and polished as the big boys do when they release (a clone) a game. If this is not so, like then Train Fever people will do nothing but slate it, rather than use (play) it!Review!The game offers a good sense of achievement, to have your first passenger line develop into a mixed traffic line with signals keeping trains flowing well is extremely satisfying. You then find yourself extending the line, linking more towns and industry. Increasing profit. Working your factories at maximum production. Just the constant feeling of wanting to start a new project on your map, to develop your game.Once you get your system working efficiently for that time period you will then start to earn good money. Money to ♥♥♥♥ about with, to build that mountain pass to reach that pointless town. Or flat, straight stretch to hit 300kmph despite it not making any economic sense.The maps are better than I had expected. Big (if you wish) randomly generated maps, each with realistic placing of major towns as in not in a stupid place. It offers a good level of detail as you can see. Most importantly a long route is a long route, and worthwhile.The game is actively being updated with real worthwhile updates and so far good communication from the tiny development team. The game doesn’t revolve around Steam, Steam is just the distribution. They and a good community revolve around the Train Fever forums. Very active, very interested in the game and very interested in our discussions.Its not expensive, its worth the money.I look forward to the future updates with more features being added. Waypoints being my number one.So!If you love Transport Tycoon and would happily play it for weeks, buy this game! Buy it and enjoy it.If you didn’t mind/wasn’t bothered about Transport Tycoon, and could consider buying this then buy it. But do not blame the game, blame yourself for buying a game you don’t need/want. I haven’t brought Farming Sim because I don’t give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about farming, but can’t see why I would need to review it?!?!Maybe the developers should have emphasised more on the game being a more realistic Transport Tycoon. Not an updated version. I like it…"
,Not Recommended,304730,19926279,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Patchateeka,"When I purchased Train Fever, it actually was a pretty neat little game. It had potential. There were bugs, but the graphics were good and the trains were enjoyable.Today however, I realized how broken some of the parts of the game are. In late game, you get trucks that can carry as much as 18 cargo. This can be oil, coal, ""goods"" (completed product, doesn't matter what goes in it to make it), wood, or iron. The problem is that the cargo from the production buildings have to be loaded into depots for the trucks to pick them up. The small depot can hold 18 cargo for each of two lines, and the large depot can hold 16 for 5 lines. In a nutshell, your trucks usually leave unfilled or the depot overflows and production (and money) is wasted.My second issue is train AI. Unless you take the time to measure out at what times your multi-track station has a train in it and stick waypoints and signals to signal to your train to go into specific lanes, you are hoping that they don't get stuck on the same track, one trying to leave and the other trying to enter.My last issue is with the developers. It turns out that the next patch, to be released in early 2016, will be the last. It turns out a big portion of the patch is actually modded content from the community too. Turns out they were working on this new game in secret too because it'll be released around the same time as the patch! I guess that's the age we live in: it's more profitable to abandon what should be considered an early access game (beta game) and release a new one then it is to finish the game you have.The game itself had potential, but because the developers are going to abandon it with so many unfinished pieces of the game to fix, I no longer can recommend it. I guess get it on sale if it's less then $6.00, but it isn't worth more then that. Hey,  I guess at least the devs had the courtesy to tell us they were going to abandon development for this game and work on a new one."
,Recommended,304730,13509962,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,LeeEnfieldAS37,"TrainFever is a great strategy game which allows a dynamic range of ‘transport tycoon’ style options to the player, it can slightly compared to Railroad Tycoon 3 but it is completely different game in contrast.Unfortunately it does have some performance issues and annoying limitations which affect the fun of gameplay; the worst of these is the poor compression of the files which cause the game to become extremely laggy with more and more vehicles, stops and buildings on the map as time goes on. Turning down the settings does nothing to counteract this issue.The second is the building of roads over railways, which is impossible for some stupid reason - you must build the road before the track. Even doing so doesn't guarantee that the game will actually allow you to place the track afterwards. The same goes for building bridges across railway lines and vice versa. It becomes complete headache whenever you need to modify track routes that have roads crossing them.Another issue is freight and how industries that start with 0-2 production never seem to increase production. They continue to switch between using your line and not using it, making it impossible to profit from the lines you create. On the other hand, industries producing (usually) 10 items seem to work correctly, increasing based on consumer demand.There’s a few other minor limitations which I really hope they patch in the future, such as vehicle listings, track layouts and city growth which are hard to explain but make the game difficult to play."
,Recommended,304730,14674389,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Timmystwin,"Performance has increased massively, more features being added even still, free DLC, and most of the annoyances I had at first are gone. (Lack of vehicles, fixed by mods and DLC, and construction in general got a bit of an overhaul.)Only problem is the mains connection thing, which I believe is being fixed as I write.Can certainly recommend it for the price. Definitely worth it if it goes on sale."
,Recommended,304730,12986333,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,"ČESKÉ DRÁHY, a.s.","Game has definitely improved. Worth the buying. Devs are still making new updates. IT IS 100% MODDABLE - NEW TRAINS, BUILDINGS, BUSES - everything for free."
76561197970718776,Recommended,304730,12026941,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,JohnWoo,"I admit to the other reviews there is alot to be done with this game and it is hard, if you dont understand, but there is a strong fourm base on main site to help people along,if you dont want a 75% game for 20£ then dont buy it, if you want something looking better then previous old tycoon games wait for 6 months then buy itat the end of the day these people are a small team who made it and learning to make it better.i still buy games from ea and noobie soft at 34.99 and the amount of bugs is shocking.anyone remember diablo 3 when it came out or guild wars 2?of corse a game like this wont be perfect straight off the bat even after a beta test, we pay and pplay to fund it getting better."
76561198166990393,Recommended,304730,23523326,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,electricmonk2k,"While the game may sometimes look and feel unfinished, if you invest your time in it, it can be a thoroughly enjoyable experience.Construction can sometimes be a bit frustrating, but with some perserverence, you can learn some 'rules of thumb' to help you out. Also, the UI can be a bit awkward at times, and sometimes, vital information is hard to access or just missing completely.Sometimes - especially during the early post-release days, it felt more like a beta than a finished product, but patches have been released since then that fixed several of the issues that the game had. But to be fair, this game was developped by a very small team (only 2 programmers until the launch).This game takes some effort and commitment to get in to, but once you do, it's truly rivetting and satisfying. If you don't mind the getting used to it and the occasional rough edge, I'd say that this game is a worthy successor of Transport Tycoon Deluxe, but still has plenty of potntial to do even better. Overall, this game is a big ball of awesemoneness wrapped in several layers of awkwardness.Anyway, here are some hints to get you started.Hints:+ For your first game, start off with a flat small map. This is good for learning the basics of the game.+ Grow your towns with frequent passenger service and goods delivery.+ Do not deliver more goods to a town than it demands,+ Passengers and goods will only make their journey if it takes 20 minutes or less of real-time to complete.+ The journey-time not only depends on how fast a service is, but also how long someone has to wait. It is therefore a good idea to keep the frequency of the services high to reduce waiting-times (eg. when changing from a bus to a train).+ Building a track close to another track double-tracks it. You can build any number of parallel tracks this way.+ In the forums on the official website, there are many hints for how to do those things you wish you could do but can't. Also, there are many video-tutorials on YouTube.+ It is possible to mod and add extra content to the game. There are plenty of downloadable third-party mods and enhancements, including new rolling-stock, buildings, decorations, maps, and even gameplay-enhancements."
,Recommended,304730,12670079,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Feelin' Fine,"Probably one of the most realistic Train Sims out there.  I loved Railroad Tycoon 3, but this game tops that in strategy, realism, and finances.  35$ is a bit steep for price in my opinion, so if you like train sims, wait until it goes on sale to buy.There are no bugs in this game- I really don't know why other people keep complaining about bugs when I have experienced zero bugs in this game.  Every ""bug"" that people post here or on forums are usually built-in game mechanics (like slope errors, collision errors, train signals) that people just don't know how to fix because they are so used to sims being a plop and play kind of game with no real thinking involved.  This game is a puzzle- you have to find the most efficient way to transport people or goods to make a profit, just like in real life.  You also can't just sit on your lines and trains for 20 years and expect to still make money.  As the world progresses, you need to keep up with the times and upgrade your system.So if you like train sims and a real challenge get this game.  Check your computer's specs before buying though- don't buys games without seeing if you computer can handle it!"
,Recommended,304730,13449935,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sagrannus,"This game is, in its present state, still a little bit rough around the edges. Some mechanics (such as the freight side of things) is seriously lacking in refinement, and the control of different rail lines when it comes to trains changing lines is not explained, and is thus a matter of much trial and error before you figure it out.If you are looking for a casual game, and are not into micromanagement or economic sims, I would advise you steer clear and find something a little lighter.Tha said, if you love your micromanagement, and are looking for something new to sink your teeth into, and are willing to look past a few little foibles, I strongly recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,304730,11980904,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,VanillaPCStrategy,"So now I'm a little over 100 hours into this game. I'm still not going to recommend it in general. But if you've read even this far, then read on and decide for yourself whether you should give this game a try.At this time (9/15) the game hasn't had any improvements aside from a few crash hotfixes. It still feels like an early release game, yet it is purported to be gold. There is talk on the forums - none from official sources - that this game will be improved over time.So let's keep that in mind - this game was rushed to release, is missing a lot of common features, has awful UI. Many things are non-intuitive.For a ""business simulator"" a lot of important business data is not available - prices of any sort, cost of maintenance for rails/stations/etc, capacity of same, plenty of other data is nowhere to be found.Schedules cannot be set for any vehicle, and only the most rudimentary of waiting orders that are used at your own risk. For a game about logistics, you have little control over the logistics of your vehicles.Tracklaying is complex and has no undo button or planning mode. This can be very expensive, especially with your first few trains.Replacing/upgrading vehicles is very tedious and can throw off the productivity of an entire line. It can take more than an hour with an extensive network of vehicles when upgrading to a new model.This game has very little in common with OTTD, RRT, or even SMR. If you're a long-time transport/rail game fan you'll need to forget all the strategies of the past - Train Fever needs you to play its way.So if you want to play this game, you'll have to learn how to work around all those things. Once you do that, you'll still notice the problems, but you'll find a surprisingly complex game underneath. Lots of interesting transport planning to do, with interactive routes. Growing your towns is really fun. A lot of this game is really fun. And, for me anyway, super addictive. I can't think of a game that hooked me so bad.So if you're willing to put in 20 hours or so studying and failing and getting frustrated, and then another 80 thinking you know what you're doing when you really don't, you'll probably enjoy this game. I'm sure I'll need to put in another couple of hundred hours before I really feel like I've got this down. It's just a shame it will be this clunky should-be-alpha-early-release version instead of the $35-value-gold-release I was lead to expect.Here's my original review verbatim from 9/4 when I first bought it. My complaints from this original review are still valid, by the way!I'm a long time Transport Tycoon/RRT/etc fan - I love trains and business simulations. The business simulation in this is very shallow so far. The limited industries (4 chains) are inconsistent and unpredictable. The limitations of ""full load/any load"" are pretty annoying, it's difficult and non-intuitive to set up lines where trucks/trains wait until full but also don't clump up.Laying track is a mix of awesome and annoying. I love that you can adjust the way it sticks to the ground - grading and curves really make a difference. Because of that it would really be nice if you could plan out more than one segment of track at a time. Not being able to upgrade/replace stations easily is frustrating - not only when moving to multiple tracks but also to just adjust an original placement. Again, a planning mode would really help.To be fair this is my early impressions, I've only played for a few hours, but honestly playing this pretty much just makes me want to play open TTD. I can't imagine any of the complex logistic chains from OTTD in this game - not only would laying/routing all that track be a nightmare, there's just not the supply/demand available in Train Fever.It's a shame too because I was pretty excited for this one for the last year."
,Not Recommended,304730,32483966,Posted: 16 June,all,animuson,"Strongly agree with other reviews about this games' lack of a proper tutorial. It tells you about a tutorial at the beginning, but all it gives you is a bullet list that describes a few things in text with absolutely no other help whatsoever. It looks like it might be good, but I'm not really interested in fiddling around with everything in the game to figure out how exactly it works.In the half hour I played it, the game felt very clunky and attempting to do a few things gave me weird errors that I didn't understand and had no recourse for figuring out what they meant. This is not by any means an advanced game with great UI. Unless you're one of those people who likes to invest days of their life into creating an advanced system of trains and buses, this game is definitely NOT for you."
,Recommended,304730,12037711,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Professional Printer Wrangler,"as of September 9th, I am giving this a 6.5/10.There is a lot right with this game, it is essientially a Transport Tycoon clone, done in 3D, and with pretty decent music. I'll even sometimes leave it on the the background just for the train noises.There is also a lot wrong, the UI is sparse and in some places unintuitive, there are more than a few bugs. and some features are really lacking.This really is a great game that needs a lot more polish to show its gratness."
,Recommended,304730,13602430,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,George W. Bush,"Pros: Trains! Rewarding and addicting gameplay, beautiful visuals, lots of world options. Can build while paused. Post-release updates.Cons: The vehicle choices are very front-loaded, by the year 2000 there's only a few train engines and railcars that are at all useful and only one road vehicle each for passenger and cargo. I expect this to improve with mods or DLCs but I don't see Steam Workshop support coming soon so modding will still require some technical knowledge and tinkering in the game files for the foreseeable future.While the graphics are great, I get better performance in much more detailed games, which leads me to believe that there's still plenty of optimization to be done. I've been playing it mainly on Linux but I remember it suffering unnecessarily on Windows as well. It also stutters occasionally on Linux.The interface is clunky, sometimes buggy, and lacks inspiration, though some recent updates have improved the first two complaints somewhat. However, I expect to see GUI improvement mods become very popular.There's not much variance in the geography, it's basically a green grass field deformed by a randomized heightmap. I'd like to see more variance in biomes and maybe seasons if possible. I expect this to appear in mods or DLCs, though I'd prefer to have seen it in the base game or at least a free update.Based on recent communications, the devs seem to be relying on the modding community to do a lot of their work for them. I hope they keep in mind that a modding community isn't going to flourish without a great game to build on. This has all the makings of a great game, but it's still got some things to iron out. I hope they keep their priorities in line.TL;DR: It's fun now, but a cautious buyer might want to hold off and see how the game develops, because it still needs quite a bit of work."
76561198159100040,Recommended,304730,12934364,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,christoffer_01,"Very great looking game and I enjoy it a lot. Played a lot of Tansport Tycoon, Sid Meyers Railroads, Locomotion and so on and I think if you can take the approatch that you don't try to compare it too much with OTTD or Locomotion you will be able to enjoy it more. It takes a more realistic approach on route planning and so forth and if you accept those things and play by those rules you will get a lot more out of it. Also one big part is all the great mods available, without them it would not be as good, head over tohttp://www.train-fever.net/filebase/index.php/TermsOfUse/?redirect=%2Ffilebase%2Findex.php%2FFilebase%2F7-Mod-Packs%2F&s=4565470c579b5e167de31365c1b58d6f573c5d16if you are interested in those.If you are new to the game I urge you to read as much as possible about player feedback in the forums, there are a lot of good solutions and tips and tricks to make i easier and more fun to play. There is also great player made tutorials which explains game mechanics, how to set up lines, how to use signals correctly in the game and other stuff, check them out!Game still have some flaws but I think the devs are doing a good job by constantly pushing out updates and listening to de the community, especially considering how small studio it is.For me it was defenatly worth the money, maybe not in the beginning but after all updates as of today 14.11.2014 it is.+ Great looking+ The available mods, absolutely amazing job by all modders!+ So far constant updates to fix issues and address player requests+ Waypoints intoduced in latest update- Some limitations in track building, for example rail crossings, unable to upgrade stations without demolishing- Traffic jam problems later in game (have been addressed in latest update but some players still report about clogged up traffic)- Time consuming to renew vehicles, however you can send whole line to depo to be sold on arrival which makes it a bit easier- Performance issues later, minimum requirements wont get you far...- Sometimes might be really hard to get good working cargo lines, especially if you would like to transport longer ways, be sure to check out out how cargo is being transported, helps out a lot (bottom right corner with 3 sheets)Sorry if there is some misspelling, english is not my native language."
,Recommended,304730,30954684,Posted: 4 April,all,Krupo,"I conditionally recommend this game. Things to keep in mind when I say ""conditionally"":- I'll share my silliest gripe first: I'm pretty sure the trailer should say this is ""digital heroin"" not ""heroine,"" but it doesn't look like the developer will ever re-create their trailers, so that cute typo stays with us for the ages.- On the topic of things never changing, Transport Fever has stolen its thunder, but that's to be expected when quasi-sequels emerge - it has been almost three years since this title came out, after all. This does mean you're going to live with the game's quirks without much in teh way of changes, so you'd best be getting this on a good sale!- There are persnickety background rules. Fail to deliver within 20 minute? Your passengers spontaneously disappear. If you can't accept this, don't read any further, go find a freeware copy of the original Railroad Tycoon instead.- The interface is the gaming equivalent of working with SAP or any other program with minimalist UI. You have to adapt to its quirks rather than vice versa. The developers, to their credit, finally added a dialogue to let you see your old saved game names so you can over-write a prior save if you like doing that sort of thing. I originally used 1-letter saved game names because there was no way of clicking and selecting your old saved games. This, plus finicky track laying mechanics, are prime examples of the challenges you used to, and still deal with, respecitvely.This review started off as a comment to the discussion boards asking whether this game had any life left in it. I started with the following anecdote: I hadn't touched Train Fever in 11 months, but the introduction of Transport Fever inspired me to go back to this game and a world I had paused on. It's still great fun, but a source of occasional massive frustration. I built a small junction of tracks which confused the heck out of the pathfinding - of course this led to all passengers abandoning my profitable mainline route because it appeared to not exist even though the trains still knew where to go!Absolutely bizarre - I realized I had a problem when my $30M cash stockpile began crashing to less than half that (I was distracted by other side projects connecting spurs).In the end I destroyed the buggy junction, rebuilt that chunk of mainline and re-created the entire route. This interface issue actually brought a bit of a challenge back to the game, as I had inadvertently created my own ""rescue your company from your own sloppiness"" scenario.Compared to the original Tycoon games I miss a bit of the challenge from fighting real competitors on the map as opposed to the imaginary cargo transport forces and the tyranny of the automobile stealing your customers, but all-in-all, it's still an addictive timesink. And the graphics are average to gorgeous depending on how you admire the world, so that's a plus too. Did I mention the free DLC adding North American vehicles makes it especialy awesome, given the number of Canadian transit vehicles? That's a big plus too."
,Not Recommended,304730,28494784,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,bjeurn,"This game is unpolished and incomplete. It's basically a prototype or demonstation for another game, the next game from this developer, Transport Fever. Don't buy this, it's a complete waste of money."
76561198001235146,Recommended,304730,13036534,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,jon157uk,"I love this game!When it was first released it had a fair few bugs and crashes, most, if not all of those problems have been sorted out and those that haven't are being worked on by the dev team. The game gets pretty good support from that dev team with updates and patches, unlike some games I could mention we do get good support for this game and a promise of even more improvments.There is also an excellent modding community if you like that sort of thing.The game itself is a little bit like Cities in Motion meets Railroad Tycoon and for me this works very, very well.Not everyone seems to like it but as I said at the start 'I love this game' and would most definitely recommend it."
76561198061664489,Recommended,304730,13040225,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,DeltaV,"This game is one of the most immersive, fun and (somewhat) realistic tycoon games, the attention to detail is extremely high, even on low graphics setting, it has one of the most visually stunning environments I have ever seen, the music is also very cheery and always brightens up my day when playing this game. There is never only 1 way to do something, although it does have a few creases to be ironed out, the game developers are constantly patching and updatin g the game, and is one of the few studios i know that responds to the community and really uses the feedback to improve and up the enjoyment factor in the game."
76561197998701258,Not Recommended,304730,34808028,Posted: 7 September,all,Psygnal,"I ignored the comparatively poor rating because this game reminded me of an updated version of one of my all-time favourites, Transport Tycoon. Unfortunately, reports of it being incomplete and buggy are actually pretty spot-on.I played for a little over an hour, and in that time I had to restart multiple games, mainly because pathing became broken.For example: Build a road between two resource points - set up a couple of cart-horses to transport goods from one to another via their respective stations. It all goes well for a while, and the money starts to flow.Then I build another road, attaching to the existing road, to allow me to transport in a third resource.Suddenly, my cart horses leap across the map, and are on the new road, ignoring their old route. I wait, thinking that they'll return once they get to the end. Nope. The horses disappear, and the carts just sit there, racking up maintenance bills until I run out of money again.If this was a one-off, I would have been OK with it, and put it down to a glitch... but it seems I can't add any connections to roads which have 'routes' attached to them without something screwing up. This is pretty fundamental, and makes the game too awkward to play.I loved the concept of this game, but the execution is incomplete. This is not a finished game."
76561197984413883,Recommended,304730,12424184,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,galousin,"This game is one of the very good ""tycoon's"" But i must admit that there are some issues with the game still , that really for me took a lot away from it. Basicly what im most cross about, is the fact that as an example the later road vehicles has a listed speed of 100 km/h, BUT even with the best roads of the time of the vehicle you cant drive more then 70... thats just not very user friendly. Stuff like that is in the game in many places still.That being said i thoroughly enjoyed myself, more so then with any other tycoon since railroad tycoon 2.But one other very serious issue in the game to my mind, the AI behind the movement of passenger travel. If i make a train ""with no stops"" to a city 6 minutes away, and the wait time then becomes 12 minutes, i can get the same passenger transfer with trams, but with only 30 secs wait time and 12 minutes transfer time. That will mean that the passenger will take the tram almost every time. Thats not very logical in my opinion. The real issue with this, is the fact that you can more passengers with the trams for less money, both in terms of /year, and initial investment. Thus trains are not viable economicly in the game unless you play on the biggest map, which even a intel i5-3570 cant handle reliably, if you try to setup lines for all cities. (and only if you use a lot of trains on that perticular line). One of the main ways to remedy would be if the developers fixed passenger embarkment onto trains. It makes no sense that a passenger in 1850 takes as long to enter a train as he does in 2020. Not does it make sense that they seemingly only uses one entrypoint, instead of one per traincar. ex, if you have a train with 15 cars, with 20 passengers capacity each, it simply should take the same time to get onto said train as the same train with 1 car, with space for 20 passengers. At least very close to that.One thing id like to see in the future, is something like ""station upkeep"" being a togglebar, that could help on station turnaround times/passenger embarkment. And something like dining cars and the like.But again i cannot stress enough, it really is a good game, with a lot of potential."
,Recommended,304730,12732408,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ro,"Train Fever in the mold of Railroad Tycoon and Transport Tycoon. The goal of the game is to build a vast and profitable transport network using road and railroad. The game allows you to transport both resources and passengers. It is a decent game in the genre.What the game does right is the basic economy with town growth and resource supply and demand. It has neat animations to show how the different resources and people are transported when not transported on your network, making it so that not everyone is solely dependant on your transportation even if that helps. The town grows at a good speed throughout the game making your transportation efforts visible on the map.The build tool is a bit quirky but does what it is supposed to do and you mostly get used to it after a while. The UI in general is a bit quirky with popup windows popping up anywhere on the screen.The main drawback of the game is the limited amount of resources (just 5). It is also often hard to know what industries will yield a lot of resources and thus be profitable to transport and if you built a long railroad line just to transport the resources of an industry that happened to not be producing anything, then you wasted a lot of money. The economy could in general do with a lot more information and charts so that it is easy to understand what might be profitable."
,Recommended,304730,23060070,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,xerxys,"This is one of those games that is never going to escape it's troubled beginnings. There have been some pretty major bugs that have plagued the development of this game and the fledgling developer has done a respectable job at addressing these. At it's core, this is a deep game with a super-steep learning curve and some frustrating interface/gameplay issues. So why is this getting a thumbs up from me? Because despite this, there is still a game that has absorbed me and has given me 80 hours of gameplay.It's totally sandbox; you're on your own and just poking around with the game doing whatever you want with little other than profit and loss to guide you. But sometimes that's what you want, to just fiddle around and not have some corny derivitive quest thrown at you, or feel as though the goals set by the game are railroading you (pun intended) into playing a type of way you don't want to play.Big tip: always start with bus routes, get several towns running, then you can start playing around with trams or connecting up compatible industries, expanding until you have enough to start laying track. It's about feeling when you're ready to expand into the next big step, being cautious and backing off if something isn't working.But, this game would benefit from so much that would take the guesswork out of all this. The developers have obviously tried to go for a more intuitive feel to how you play a transport game, moving away from things like catchment zones when placing stops and the like, which should translate as more realistic: people in real life will travel as far as they need to for public transport, it isn't a binary 'I'm 100 metres away, I'm good to go. I'm 101 metres away, I'm not going that far,' but this does mean that you have no real sense for how far apart stops should be, whether you're bogging your system down with too many stops or missing out chunks of possible passengers because it's quicker to walk. But, in the end, as long as you're making money, who really cares about digital people having to walk a mile to work?The simulation is broad and develops impressively over time, but again has some issues. Watching towns grow and develop over time is fascinating, although growth tends to often be counter-intuitive, with roads appearing almost randomly. Although you can place roads and have some control over the development of settlements, the lack of accompanying features and relatively minimal feedback into the transport part of the game, besides the ability to add a shortcut to complete a route or upgrade roads to improve speed, means there isn't much reward for getting into this too much.All in all, the game is playable, albeit with its own little eccentricities. The game is more of a relaxing pass-the-time style than quest-driven adventure through the decades. But, as I've said, it works of you like that kind of game.The developers are starting fresh with a new game rather than patching and updating this one, which tells me several things. Firstly, they've learnt a lot from this game and have listened to feedback and know that to try and put in all the stuff people want and correct the mistakes that the game has grown up with would be huge and likely game-breaking. But, it also tells me that they are still passionate about this game: they could have done what some many other developers have done, gotten as far as they could with their first attempt and then gone in a different direction. But they haven't. They are building on what they've learnt and starting fresh and in the world of game development, taking years to develop your first game, which is good but bogged down with virtually insurmountable problems, is the easy way to bankruptcy. So, I'm still happy I paid for this game, supported whoever is behind Urban Games, and I'll be there to support their passion for making the right game that they've always imagined when Transport Fever is released."
76561197968589305,Recommended,304730,13008766,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Soondead,"The interface feels unfinished and clunky, routine tasks such as replacing an aging vehicle takes an unbelievable amount of effort. This is sad because the rest of the game feels like an improvement over ""Sid Meier's Railroads!"" in terms of scale. I would also have appreciated a few more gameplay options such as a sandbox mode (unlimited funds for experimenting with) and having trains reverse instead of magically changing directions in the absense of a place to turn. Hopefully, enough players will adopt this game and develop the necessary mods."
,Recommended,304730,12575315,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Kabacus,"I bought this game for trains. Unfortunately, there is a lot more to it than that. I have (currently) spent fifteen hours micro-managing trams, busses and eventually trains. Just when I am getting to have some fun with the trains, all of the busses in one of the towns become end of life and need replacing. There goes an hour sorting that out, back to the trains. Half an hour later, you guessed it, replace more busses. At the moment I am concentrating on moving people around and haven’t even looked at the raw materials and goods aspect of the game. I just want to play with trains and have to mess about with the other stuff to get the required money.Setting up the busses and trams is fairly straightforward, or so I thought. Apparently there is a twenty minute rule, if a journey takes longer than twenty minutes then the route will not be used, the passenger disappears or the goods never move. This compounds the micro-management by increasing the number of routes required in order to keep them short enough to not fall foul of the rule.Building a train line can be a bit of hard work, especially for your hard drive. The golden rule is if the land you are looking to build on deviates from flat by a jot, SAVE. There is little to assist in surveying and planning a route, mistakes are costly as there is no undo button. You either revert to a previous save or pay to demolish your mistake. Save files for the “large” game are over 70MB.  Placing track is far from intuitive.Things I would like to see; instead of telling me something is too old and needs replacing give me the option to replace it there and then, three digit vehicle numbers with leading zeros, better surveying tools, warnings when a route is too long, AN UNDO BUTTON.Am I having fun? Just about. Do I recommend this game? Just about. If you like Transport Tycoon type games I think you will enjoy this. If you just want to play trains maybe suffering the learning curve of the Trainz Surveyor maybe more suited."
,Recommended,304730,11996348,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,JorgenRe,"Love the graphics and to create huge train networks, but i'm waiting patiently on a new update to let me build tracks over tracks without connecting them. Never the less it's still alot of fun :)Also you will most likely have to reset a couple of times before you get the hang of it, i'm on my 4 map and i'm finally doing extremely well even at medium difficulty and modded to include bigger and so harder, industry chains ;)"
,Recommended,304730,11995412,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,iToaster,"A spiritual successor to Transport Tycoon, this game will be very easy to pick up for any fans of the original. It has a very similar feel, though it incorporates some of the better aspects of games such as Cities in Motion and Railroad Tycoon - this includes from Railroad Tycoon the automatic goods transportation at a slow, but nevertheless present rate, meaning they aren't entirely reliant on your company to transport things - as well as the detailed city sector, supply and demand and ""line"" system from Cities in Motion.This means, for example, at a passenger station for trains, you might want to bring in more people from around town via buses and trams that otherwise would not be at the station, and then unlike transport tycoon, it doesn't have a system where ""everything at the station boards the first train arriving and then travels to the first stop that train goes to and all unloads"". Rather, the game individually simulates everyone in cities, meaning they could have a job in another town, or want to go shop, or leisure purposes - whatever. As a result, they have a specific ""line"" they want to board, and a specific stop they want to get off at should the line have more than 1 stop. You won't have situations where everyone boards whatever train and travels to wherever as a result, and you will find that new lines that expand to new cities will result in any lines it connects to seeing a boost in passenger usage as some will get off the train and immedietly wait for another line to get to their destination - hence, more money as they pay twice to get there.This also presents a challenge as time goes on, because starting in the early 1900s, people begin to get cars to drive about. This means fewer people will want to use mass transit systems you've set up, and you'll have to make your systems faster and more efficient to make it preferable to driving as cars become more widespread. It also presents traffic issues for your buses, trucks, and trams, as they now have to deal with traffic on the road which more often than not is slower than they are.These concepts do not apply only to passengers, however. Cargo runs on a similar system - you can't just hook up, say, any coal mine to any steel mill and expect instant cargo. Raw material producing plants have a specific location they want their goods transported to, possibly more than one depending on the size of the industry. Then, that cargo place where the raw materials are delivered has a specific place IT wants to go - usually. I've found that goods are a bit more lenient in this sense, and will allow you to go a bit further away to a neighboring city or something. This also presents a difficult issue because one of the easiest ways to set yourself up for the remainder of the game and never worry about bankrupcy in transport tycoon was to immedietly make a massive freight line that covered a large distance, giving you a lot of money for the distance and speed delivered with every train. You cannot do that in this game. That makes freight LESS profitable than passengers, and means you have to rely on the heavily variating levels of passengers on trains to provide the most money. Even then, trains get progressively more and more expensive to maintain - they are FAR more expensive to keep running than they were in transport tycoon, especially in later stages. To make it more difficult, every item in the game comes in much shorter supply than it would have been in transport tycoon - you won't find hundreds of passengers or freight lining up at a station within a couple years of service. In fact, you won't find hundreds of items lining up for likely a hundred years or more, if ever.I have to mention the music of course. It's quite catchy. Comparitavely with the other 2 transport tycoon games, it's actually quite good and does a good job of being background music that isn't too flashy or disturbing to the gameplay while at the same time, not too drab to feel boring or something - and it's coupled with a FANTASTIC tribute song to the original transport tycoon theme.Now, the downsides. The game is currently littered with things that plainly are bugs or things that I'm not sure if they ARE bugs. An example of a bug is passengers and cargo will disappear off things they are being transported on during longer trips, or that while you can make a railroad cross over a road, you cannot make a road cross a rail...which is frustrating. An example of something that COULD be a bug is the lack of ability to make twin crossover tracks, or any crossover tracks at all. 2 tracks can NEVER cross each other for any purpose, which means to do something as basic as a crossover between 2 rails, you have to do 2 sets of alternating switches next to each other, which causes pathfinding issues likely as another bug, and to have rails cross for a different route or something, you need to have one route switch onto the other, then back off again. It could be a bug, but if not, I find it very irritating regardless.Another curious thing wrong with the game is it's lack of basic options such as keyboard rebinding, switching units from metric to imperial, or zoom/snap to an object you have selected (making you have to find it yourself using the PIP screen). It also lacks multiplayer or any form of AI opponents - I myself am more a fan of multiplayer in these games than AI, but I know there are people who wish for them or just both in general. The ""expansive 256 km squared"" maps really aren't that expansive - on large, the maps are 4-6 cities in length...being only 16x16 km in size for the large map. This could explain the lack of multiplayer or AI, because the map would fill up FAR too quickly with other companies.Overall, I love this game. I have always wanted to see what a transport tycoon game might look like in 3D, and what do you know - here it is. They got the scale and realism right, making it great to look at, and for a team of 3 people I am VERY impressed with their graphics engine they created. This is a difficult game making it hard to recommend to anyone who hasn't played a transportation sim before, but considering the majority of the world has played one, I would HIGHLY recommend it to you fans out there. Enjoy the game!"
,Recommended,304730,11986692,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Andarne,"Nearly everything I've experienced with this game has been positive.I first saw this advertised on the Frontpage, as a pre-order. With only 11 hours to go, I went ahead and bought it after watching the trailer and looking at the screenshots - it definetley looked like something I'd enjoy.Loading the game took a little longer than I was comfortable with, and the menu music felt really dated and out-of-place. That was very quickly rectified by a short stop to the Options menu. Unfortunately, this game seems to suffer with load times - loading any save game (which are >= 250MB each...) takes around three minutes; after loading in, there's some slight lag while the game builds up the environment.Gameplay was surprisingly enjoyable. You have control of buses, trams and railways and need to connect up two or more towns and build a successful business. It can be hard at first, but once you've swept past the learning curve it all falls into place. Furthermore, the random terrain generation (seeds) makes each replay a unique experience in its own right.It does have some other shortcomings, though. Terrain is annoying; if you make a mistake, you can't rectify it with the terrain tools if it's too close to a structure or river. I was left with two sheer cliffs after demolishing my railway bridge - I could not remove them.Overall, I'd rate this game a hearty 8.5/10 - it's still got potential, but enough content to keep me interested until the next patches/DLC."
76561198007730639,Recommended,304730,12808015,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,InsaneDane,"An awesome game! A bit rough around the edges, but there's a lot of hours of fun in this game!And it would seem like modding is slowly starting to become a thing!"
76561198085519545,Recommended,304730,12854460,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,silver2127,The graphics are great with a few minor bugs. I think this is a really great game.
76561197983944029,Recommended,304730,12045733,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,HG | Laos,"I wouldn't buy it. Not yet.The game is a cross between Cities in Motion and OpenTTD. It's built in Unity and is a lot of fun to build train routes with.There are however a host of problems that need to be addressed before it's really a ""final"" game. The UI is cheap. Cities do not scale properly based on the decade you start in (1850 / 1900 / 1950) which can create monetary issues ias it lacks balance. Vehicles do not use stations in a smart way (a route will only use the same track, always.) and while pedestrians are very smart with their travel, the game doesn't seem to produce a lot of demand as you'd expect. The industries are not profitable with trains (because of their high operating costs)The game is also very laggy and processor-intensive because it's using Unity.Lastly a lot of things that should be easy (scheduling to prevent bunching up trains, upgrading trains and engines over time, etc.) that are in much better-developed, free games like OpenTTD are completely lacking in Train Fever.The developers really should have invested more into the game in terms of development. And the game could use more fine tuning before it's where it needs to be.But do I play it? Yes. It's still interesting. I'll probably get bored of it unfortunately like with Cities in Motion due to the simplicity of the game."
,Recommended,304730,12571473,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,[PC] - Cobalt,"Absolutely loving this game! It's a great ""Tycoon"" game that is a good mix of older generation of game like Locomotion and TTD. The gameplay in itself is different where you actually have to worry about where people are going and how much faster you can make their trip rather than just plopping down stations and moving on to the next city.Overall the game is super fun. The gameplay seems a bit laggy at times due to a little work needing to be done in optimization but the creator is working on that and has provided updates to make the game even better."
,Recommended,304730,14820930,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Rodrigo 🤷,"It's a good tycoon game about transportation, mostly trains. You also have trucks, trams, buses and trucks, but those are mostly used to set up local networks that enables wider access to your trains,Train simulation is pretty complex, with lots of factors coming into play: Track curvature, slope steepness, engine power output, tractive power, and weight of the wagons, so a lot of the gameplay is about designing efficient tracks, that allow your trains to navigate through the (fully 3d) terrain in the most efficient way possible; then populating the trains with suitable engines and wagons.Here I should add that this is unfortunately also the game's weakest point (although it's not such a big deal): laying tracks and modifying terrain is often very quirky. It often takes several tries (and a lot of bulldozing, which also costs you in-game money) to get a track, or junctions, just the way you like it. Crossing rivers and roads is even more complicated, which put me off a bit. All in all, however, while I do think they could have polished this aspect some more, I understand that the complexity of laying tracks is part of the charm of the game, and that how good you are at balancing between length, steepness, curvature and train power will determine how efficient your network will be.The economic simulation is surprisingly complex, and engaging. Towns will react to your lines by increasing in size and height (sometimes massively). Despite its complexity, it's easy to pick up after reading a couple guidelines given to you at the beginning of the game. I don't think you'd have any trouble with it if you ever played TTD before.Graphically it is stellar, and once I got my game going, I often found myself just watching how my trains navigate the network I laid out.Finally, I'll also add that I've owned this game for a few months before reviewing it, and that the devs have adressed many of the issues that the game used to have, and delivered a lot more content with the free USA DLC. In short, if you like trains and tycoon games, this is a good buy."
76561197971046908,Recommended,304730,13328302,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Vimpster,"This is a hard game to recomend but I am going to anyways. This game (at the time of my writing this) has many problems. But I think what the game does do well makes up for its problems. It might help if you go into the game with little to no expectations so that you are less dismayed by its faults. I will list some of the biggest problems I have with the game and then some of the main things I think make the game worth playing.Problems:1. Replacing older vehicles is a real chore. The need to keep up frequency on your lines really compounds this problem. Also there is no way to disable the annoying messages that fill the bottom of the screen notifying of a vehicle that has reached its life span.2. I find the balancing of the stats on the vehicles along with when they come out and are made obsolete to be very poorly done. As one example the running costs of a locomotive is easily 10-20 times that of a road vehicle making the construction of train lines very risky if you don't know just the right circumstances to make a profitable line. And even if you can manage a profitable train line you are almost guarenteed to be able to make a much more profitable bus/tram or truck line in place of the train.3. Collision issues while doing road and rail construction is very inflexible. It seems the majority of construction atempts are going to give you a collision message meaning it won't allow it. Often times you either have to make significant compromises to your plans, forget your plans altogether, or invest a lot of money and work into making it work. Such as spending millions of dollars bulldozing buildings along a road just so you can upgrade the road or connect another road to the road, even if there was a large open spot where no buildings were in the way.Good things:1. The sounds and visuals of the game are very appealing in my opinion. I spend much of my time just following vehicles around or watching people go whereever they are going. I think the next closest game of this type would be Cities in Motion but sunnier.2. The randomly generated maps and cities are very impressive. Granted there isn't a lot of variety in the generation catogories for the maps, but even so, the type of landscape it does generate is very well done. As far as I know there is no other game of this type that has comparable map and city generation. Also the way the cities gradually develope is well done and satisfying. The speed at which they grow is largely based on how well connected the town is with itself and with other towns as well as how fully it is being supplied with goods.3. The realistic supply and demand of the passengers in the game is really nice and gives a lot of incentive to connect to every town you can. Every person has 4 locations they are assigned. A home, a place of work, a place to shop and a place for leisure. They will often re-assign locations based on what new options are available. They have a 20 minute deadline on any travel plans they make. So the faster your transportation becomes the further they can travel within the time limit and so the more opertunities exist for you to make money in transporting them.These are just some of the more prominant issues, both good and bad, that exist in the game. But it hopefully gives a sense of whether you might enjoy the game or not. The balancing problem I mention can relatively easily be dealt with through mods. Finding the right one for your tastes and installing them is a bit of a hassle though when ideally the game could have just been better balanced by the developers themselves.I personnally think it is a great game and have had a lot of enjoyment with it. But the lost potential of what this game could be is admittedly frustrating and I can certainly understand why some people might be too put off to continue playing it."
76561198176774111,Recommended,304730,25223530,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ukd777,"I really like this game, first time I played 20 hours. Then 1/2 yr later started again and watched some tutorials tips and tricks and reading some guides > really enjoyed the next 100 hours.my beginner tips:- start with flat small map, you will start new map(games) often as learning- start on easy  (it brings enough money to allow for mistakes)- building a long road /railway in 1 piece is expensive, build it in shorter parts.- key M and N raise / lower the middle part of the road while building- trains bring good money until about 1980 - then you need cities > 600 people to get enough money, otherwise bus lines are more effective.- Buildling larger cities is something which requieres many connections to other cities and supply of enough goods, not so easy to do (as beginner) but fun to learn.- nice mixture of planning, constructing, buying and replacing vehicles, checking constantly for efficeny of transport lines, constant looking into expanding and improving, zooming in and follow a vehicle and enjoy the rideLooking forward to TransportFever end of 2016."
76561198030952355,Recommended,304730,14891363,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Uncle Robert Etard,"You will find a lot of other reviews that pretty well describe the content of the game.Instead, let me recommend you this game or not depending on what kind of gamer you are. Because I believe it really depends on that.Basically, if you love to play with trains, trams, trucks and busses and to throw in some tycoon-like gameplay, this will probably be a game for you.If on the other hand you are looking for a strategy game, a business simulator or an advanced train simulator, this could disappoint you.Train Fever is a middle-of-the-road game when it comes to the balance between an eye-candy, fun transportation game and a hard-core ressource management game.Train Fever does have its addicting side though. Is the next train stop profitable? Did the passengers from the tram transfer to the train? How much faster did the track become after the rebuild you made? Oh is that the time? I should go to bed now.....I will....in a minute.....I just need to.....Lastly a warning to you if your patience with imbalanced games is short. Once you dig into the game you will (at the time of this review) find quite a few lose ends in how the game works. It is not something that is going to ruin the party for a casual gamer. But parts of the games' economic simulation is broken to be honest. TIme will show if that is adressed by patches or not. But it should.I'll give TF 4 out of 5 stars for the many addicting hours of play it offers. It would get 5 of 5 if they would fix the broken parts  and include either a multiplayer option or some AI. Sadly there is presently neither,"
,Recommended,304730,13609211,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,=TP= Silv3r,"After reading all the reviews, especially the negative ones, I was in doubt if I should buy train fever.To make a long story short, I was suprised! An tycoongame with a mechanic that I did not see before. It is simple, but at the same time a very hard game to be good at. Maybe because i'm still not good at it.Glad I bought this title and did not folow the reviews. Guess the game has been updated significantly since the reviews. Don't get me wrong, there are still bugs. But sofar I did not find any that spoiled my fun."
76561197974920126,Recommended,304730,12031235,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Sir Meowric,"After seeing all the negative reviews I thought I'd put in my two cents.  First, I think this game is awesome.  So naturally my review is biased, but so is everyone else's.  In order to follow the established trend here is my bullet point list of good and bad traits.Good:-modern graphics engine-realistic train physics:-speed is adjusted based on angle of curve, incline/decline, weight, and power to name a few of the ones I've noticed-tracks must follow the same rules as real world train tracks (eg.  no steep hills, no sharp turns, 90 degree road crossings)-train signals are realistic and easy to manage-play your way (eg. city management, train empire, trading mogul)-easy to use menu and interface-dragable windows with real time feedback on anything and everything-your actions affect the size of your cities in real time-procedually generated so always something new-did I mention how fun it is?Bad:-no manual / poor tutorial-repetative-steep learning curve (bad?)Here's where I defend my review and tell you why all the negative reviews are wrong.  First, the complaint I read the most is that there are too many rules regarding track building.  That is the ""simulation"" part of the game, trains have a very low tollerance for sharp curves, steep hills, and road crossings.  Get over it!  The other main complaing is the lack of manual, well here you go:Train Fever Interactive Gude:  (Link Removed...just search train fever website forums for great interacive guide)Your welcome!The most useful advice I learned is that the maximum travel time for people or goods is 20 mins, and the npc's will pick the quickest route regardless of cost."
76561198336375552,Recommended,304730,32295849,Posted: 9 June,all,Chaserobinson8,"I really like the game, it's detail looks realistic not like other games. I recommend you playing this game with it's hard effort."
76561198259035648,Not Recommended,304730,28292824,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,benthedaddy,"This game is a joke!!!They started developing a game, fixed a load of bugs, added some new stuff then sold it as a completely different game (transport fever) now they have pretty much abandoned this game in favour of their new version...Anyone who bought this game expecting continued development has been royally ripped off!!You give Hello games a tough time, but is what this company has done a lot worse???"
76561198103468164,Not Recommended,304730,28111905,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Havan_IronOak,"I came to this game from a background of  RailRoad Tycoon 3  (Released 2003)  9.99 USD on SteamRailroad Tycoon 3  is getting a bit ""long in the tooth"" and I was hoping for an upgrade. While Railroad Tycoon 3 is not as pretty, in my judgement it is a superior game to Train Fever (and its sucessor Transport Fever) in many ways.Railroad Tycoon 3 has no signals and these are an improvement, it did have water towers and maintenance sheds that are absent from Transport Fever. Growing up in a railroad town spoiled me but I'd also expect a turntable.Railroad Tycoon 3  has no mechanic for returning empty freight cars for re-use. This game has them but unlike real world railcars, almost all wagon types are for a single commodity only. e.g. Why aren't coal hoppers and iron hoppers interchangeable?Railroad Tycoon 3  has a robust economic game with 30+ commodities in 1,2 and 3 deep production chains. Transport Fever has maybe a dozen commodities.Railroad Tycoon 3  had the ability to buy stock in your company and learn about the benefits (and dangers) of margin buying - no such thing exists in Train Fever.Railroad Tycoon 3  had a more robust undo ability for laying rail.Railroad Tycoon 3 had 66 Historical Locomotives rather than the 45 offered in Train Fever.Railroad Tycoon 3  had debt that changes as to rates making refinancing something that must be contemplatedRailroad Tycoon 3  had the ability to start (or buy existing) industries and businesses so as to further develop your transport empire.Railroad Tycoon 3 had AI Competitors that may require that you buy them out in certain scenarios.Railroad Tycoon 3 had AI Competitors based on real world people who played roles in the development of the Railroads. You got a bit of history with your gaming.Railroad Tycoon 3  had economic cycles that affect supply and demand. Nothing like it exists in Train Fever.Railroad Tycoon 3  had 20+ scenarios that really encourage you to explore the intticacies of the game . Train fever is pretty much sandbox only.Railroad Tycoon 3  had overview maps that made spotting industries and resources (and the demand for them) much clearer than anything offered in the ""fever"" games.Railroad Tycoon 3 had  the ability to build water towers and maintenance barns and the need to consider such things.Railroad Tycoon 3  had well laid out Train lists that show at-a-glance status information that you cannot see as easily in the ""TF"" gamesOh Yes... Transport fever offers planes and boats as well as rail and road transport. Unfortunately the basic UI and AI challenges that were handled so deftly in the antique Railroad Tycoon 3 are still handled somewhat poorly in Transport fever.There WAS and still is a lot of room for improvement in both games. Neither addresses switching engines. Those little workhorses that set up the long trains that we see crossing vast distances.  No marshalling yards are supported.  No telegraph service (an integral part of the US Railroads)  is modelled.Transport Fever LOOKS like a great game. I just wish that the devlopers paid more attention to what had gone before and incorporated some of the ""things that worked"" into their game design.I've played Train Fever quite a bit and once you get used to the demand driven economic model rather than the supply/price driven model used in the earlier game. It can be fun. But I do get a bad case of the ""mightabeens"" every time that I start to compare th game with its predecessor.Now the discount offered to Train Fever owners  for the improved Transport Fever"" brings the price down to $30 USD.The discount is going to have to be much deepr than that before I add  planes and boats and ignore the other shortcomings of the game.BTW... there ARE a few things that the developers could have done differntly that would have improved my rating:1) Track laying - Same day undo - allow any track laid to be demolished (on the same day) at no cost. This would somewhat make up for the lack of a real in-game track planning mode.2) Enable ESC as a means of bringing up the main loading menu. The current method wastes time and screen real estate.3) Make it easier to reload a saved game. I'm not sure whether this has been fixed in Transport fever but it required actually quitting and restarting the the game in Train Fever.4) Options should also be available via the escape menu. If one wishes to turn off the game sounds or something similar one has to quit Train Fever. Why was music the only one that can be silenced in-game?5) If you're going to do windows DO WINDOWS. Windows should be resizeable. Scrollable left and right as well as up and down. Cut and paste renaming should be enabled as well. Allowing for longer names would be good too. Default names suggested based on terminals would be great.6) Put a confirm on save game deletes. It was far too easy in Train Fever to delete the latest save game if one generally deletes a few saved games at start up time.7) As with any simulator with economic aspects, graphs would be nice. Or even improved statistics on trains. 5 and 10 year running averages of revenue expenses profits, passengers.The graphs on cities in Train fever were there and useful but could be greatly expanded on.8) How about a column on the industry list as to whether or not it's using a transport line. It's in the individual window so why not on the list?9) Signals are important in this game. They should be easier to see whether zoomed in or out.10) The Manage lines window should be sortable on Time, et al11) Station list should be sortable on cargo12) A button for next on line or next should be available in the vehicle details window13) The Mouse zoom feature should be more granular (more interim steps)14) A Trainopedia feature would be great.15) Towns list should show Goods needs supply and a few more details that are now only viewable in the city windows16) Commodities should be easier to see on a fully zoomed out map.17) If this game were look more like Railroad Tycoon III as to GUI features, it would be great."
,Recommended,304730,12322197,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Wizard,"Don't get me wrong. Train Fever is not a perfect game. There are some performance issues on larger maps, some aspects of micromanaging are tedious, and I question the balance between train and truck income.That said, it's still a pretty decent game in a genre that doesn't get alot of love. And if you enjoy building train lines and roads and such, there's a good chance you'll find something to like in Train Fever.I really like the UI, which is really important in this kind of game. It's simple, unintrusive, and fully customizable. You can follow any number of vehicles, lines, charts, etc. I also like how when you have a window open, like of a vehicle, you can zoom within the window, click on a building within the window, and that will open a new window.The building and terraforming tools are quite good once you have them fully figured out. Graphics could be better, but they don't distract from the experience. Good music.Even with its flaws, I can still recommend this game. If you have any fond memories of the transport sims of yesteryear, Train Fever is worth a play."
76561198060801507,Recommended,304730,14041214,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Bloodbunny,"Wonderful game! Its fine as vanilla, and even better with mods. It's like having your own living model railroad, without spending a fortune. As the game goes on, the towns grow toward your stations, buildings, cars, and even the pedestrian's clothing styles change. You can spend hours just getting your lines set perfectly; the learning curve is not too steep, yet the gameplay is pretty complex, with each individual citizen having their own schedule, home, and workplace.All that complexity has a bit of a price though; I don't recommend playing a map size larger than ""small"" if you have a 32 bit system. Even with 64 bits, the game will start to lag toward endgame (there are now mods to help with that though.)The graphics are a bit cartoonish, which I think was the point, its like a model railroad, not intended for hardcore realism. The sounds are fine, but the music soundtrack leaves a bit to be desired IMO, it doesn't fit the mood of the game at all.Overall, I HIGHLY recommend this game if you are interested in trains, model railroads, or transit systems at all."
,Not Recommended,304730,33729804,Posted: 22 July,all,Major De Fox,"Good concepts but the game itself is most likely unfinished, and I doubt the game will be receiving consistent updates because the developer seems poured their focus now on the new title - Transport Fever. The UI was ugly, and the tutorial was lacking. Most features were unclear and players need to restart the early game many times to figure out what is really happening."
76561197992004975,Recommended,304730,11985981,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Dirty Sánchez,"Definetely a big recommend!The game is missing a big tutorial, it just starts with basic tutorials how to set up your first transportation line with automatically moving vehicles. However, it's all about transportation and getting money for it. So there is not much more you have to use, except your human logic.So your transportation lines have to make sense. At first you have to check WHAT should be transported. For beginners, use trains and check out two companies that are close to each other.Company 1: Produces oil and sells it on the marketCompany 2: Needs oil in order to produce goodsSo, as you can imagine, in real life Company 1 would love to sell it's oil to Company 2 who absolutely needs it. BID AND ASK. All right, so just build two railway stations next to these companies, connect them. Create a new line in between these two railway stations, buy a train, tell it to drive according to the line you just created and thats it.The companies will notice AUTOMATICALLY that there NOW is a possibility to sell/buy oil from each other. The AI in this came is intelligent enough to notice this advantage. So Company 1 now notices, that there is a way to transport and sell it's oil to Company 2 using your railway station. What does Company 1 do now? It starts stacking up the produced oil barrels on your railway station. Your train will arrive, pick up the barrels, drive to Company 2 who automatically buys it. After arriving at Company 2 you instantly get the money. That's pretty simple.Now, for example, Company 2 takes Oil and produces GOODS. Villages and people living there need the goods. So what you can create a second transportation line between a nearby village and Company 2, in order to transport the produces goods to the village. Similar as in the example above, the companies/villages will notice this advantage and start ordering goods from Company 2 using your second line. Again you're earning money.Now, as the village gets goods to develop, you can also start building a THIRD line. On the lower right side of the user interface you can open a menu. One of the points allows you to show the houses of villages in colored codes. After enabling this option, you will see blue, yellow and green houses.Green houses = Houses where people live inYellow houses = Stores and places for people to have fun (e.g. after work)Blue houses = Offices/workplaces for the people that workIf you zoom in you can see that people have to walk a LOT from their homes in order to go to work every morning. So what you can do is simply creating a THIRD line to allow the people to travel from home to work by bus. Again the AI is intelligent enough to notice this advantage, so they will immediately start using your busses and pay money for tickets.Then, after more and more people work, your city gets more efficient. Companies grow and develop thanks to your lines transportating the workers, so after growing even MORE people can work there. Also the houses where families life in. The better the lines are set up, the more attractive the area in your city gets, leading to a rising population in your city. You really can see the city growing over time.So a last example, after work the people may be exhausted, so they need to relax, maybe going to yellow houses and playgrounds in the city. so why don't create a fourth line that transports the people in between work/stores/their home? They will use it then again.All you have to do in this game is thinking logically. The world is amazingly intelligent, it is fun to watch the city growing. Even companies grow if they notice that they can't produce enough products anymore in order to supply other companies. Every single move and line you create, every single bus stop, can change the peoples behavior and influence the way your city grows. This is fantastic."
76561198150032957,Recommended,304730,13297192,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,chowe34,If you're a transport enthusiast and looking for a transport sim this is the game for you. However it still feels unfinished and the modding scene needs time to develop. But if you're willing to be patient this could turn out to be one of the best transport sims around. The passenger mechanics are good and it really is addictive. The graphics wont wow you but at the same time they're good enough.Despite the bugs and the limited number of trains available I still find myself playing it for hours and with some decent mods I think I'll be playing it for many more hours to come.
,Recommended,304730,12118629,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Groundpenguin,"Pretty much a slightly simplified but much nicer looking TTD. In-game tutorials are rubbish but its easy to learn if you have a little search or play around. If you have enjoyed TTD or Railroad Tycoon you'll love this game.Solid transport tycoon game, hopefully get better with time and modding."
,Recommended,304730,26001535,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Romenics,"Great game! Have no idea how it may have negative reviews, because the game is unique and don't have any analogue.Basically it is mix of OpenTTD and Cities in Motion, but with nice graphics and GUI!From OpenTTD it takes large maps with many cities, industry, cute trains and slow time progression from 1850 to modern world, through horse carriages and steam punk cars.From Cities in Motion it takes similar method to place stops and routes.The cons are:- No airplanes, helicopters and ships (will be added in the Transport Fever!) (hope helicopters too)- Only 3 industry chains and industry buildings is too small and not epic (hope it will looks better in Transport Fever)- Like in OpenTTD, trains still have a possibility to switch its direction instantly. It would be much better to make it realistically, like in Cities in Motion. Hope it will be fixed in Transport Fever.- No multiplayer. It's sad. Developers really should think about it! The new Transport Fever with multiplayer really may replace the OpenTTD!There is some another small problems, but this is not important, because there is no another games like OpenTTD but with modern graphics. Besides that, in this game, everything based  on curves (not tiles) as result, trains looks much, much more better."
,Recommended,304730,12560587,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Andrew rt,"I know a good game when I see one and this game is one of them, Super fun, the gameplay and the graphics is awesome. Took me forever to build a train line properly, but I soon learned, the price I had to think about, but in the end I brought it regardless."
,Not Recommended,304730,13833777,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Blokker_1999,"Currently it's hard to recommend this game. While I have been having some fun with it, it also has some very irritating bugs and shortcomings. It's not always easy to get tracks right, you have to build it in short sections, and there is no way to design a track without actually paying for it. I've lost millions of in-game money by placing a track, only to find out at the last moment that something is unable to align.I finally did manage to get a map working and see some nice action, only to notice the game performance collapsing in on itself. We've been discussing this issue a lot on the official forums, but until the developers fix it, i can't really give this game a recommendation to anyone else. When you got a lot of track on a big map and a lot of vehicles, the frame rate simply tumbles and at the end of every in-game month, while the game does some calculations, it will simply freeze for up to 30s. Enjoyable for shorter sessions, but in the long run the issues take the fun out of it."
,Recommended,304730,13060987,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Aggror,"I like the game a lot. Sure, I think it requires some more work, especially on some of the micromanagement that gets tedious after a while. But all in all I really like the game.The generated world and all vehicles look really good. Getting up and running with a good economy requires some digging in to the rules of how everything works. Once you have got that under control you can start building awesome traintracks.Especially for a small indie team I think this game is a tremendous achievement. I am looking forward to future content."
,Recommended,304730,12003293,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Dryerlint,This is a game about Trains. I like Trains. I grew up with my mom. I have Autism. I cannot get the trains to be perfectly on time and perfectly evenly spaced out which annoys me. This game is like having a virtual train set. I like watching the Trains.
,Recommended,304730,12475656,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,SwissCH[Merci],I would reccomend this game as a tycoon fan. It does several things different from other games in the genre but it does it pretty good. The models of the vehicles are very beautiful and due to the good modding ability there is allready alot of custom content for this game. Performance whise this game is not optimised for the best yet esspassialy on late games with alot of traffic and people wandering about the performance can suffer heavaly even on very good pc's. Every Person gets simulated and has a job a home and places he wants to relax your job is to get them there as fast and efficiant as possible.For beginners this game will be very hard at first since the game does not offer any help but as soon as you figguere things out you will have a lot of fun with the game and allways try to find new ways for growing the cities and buidling your tycoon empire.
76561198072280734,Recommended,304730,12177546,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,mister.toad,"I see a number of people saying this doesn't work on an iMac. Well I bought it today (Sunday 21 Sep 14) and it installed and worked perfectly. In case anyone missed it, this title requires that permissions be granted via the System Prefs. On Mavericks go to Security & Privacy and then choose Accessability. Click the padlock in the lower left corner of the window and type in your admin password. That should case the options to becaome available. Scroll the list of apps down until you find Steam and activate the check box next to it. Close the window and restart Steam. You should now be able to get Train Fever to work. It does also appear to be a 64bit app if that makes any difference to anyone with issues around getting it to work.The game itself is pretty good. Ifound the thing a bit jumpy when zooming the map out until I adjusted the Shadows option to low. Having said that I also noted that it was a function of detail that cased the stuttering and that all the time you work at realtively close quarters to the ground you can actually have everything set to high including the Shadows option.It seems fairly straightforward to operate and I recognised a lot of how it worked from having played Railway Tycoon in my shady past. Would I reccomend it? Yes I think I would.I can see that anyone looking for a  detailed rail sim with mega amounts of choices on a Mac would probably be happier with Trains, but having said that I still think you would probably find this plenty enjoyable too. All in all a good buy.Hope this helps some of you having troubles with this title out there in Steam land."
76561197970935024,Recommended,304730,12158777,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Pegasus,I'm afraid that this game will not work for me at all. I use a Mac and have found that the installed version of the game is for Windows (every time I try to start it it tells me that a missing .exe file prevented the game from starting).I have played the Windows version on my PC but was not over enamoured by the track building which causes that PC to stutter and freeze (yes I do have the most up to date drivers)I really want to play this on my Mac since the spec for that machine is far higher than the PC spec.All in all - extremely disappointed
76561198124690229,Recommended,304730,13244901,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,FMcCock,gay but good
76561197993595134,Recommended,304730,12150258,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Darkstar_IE,"If you liked the original transport tycoon, (back in the day) you will like this. I have played a few transport sims, since TT, hoping to get the same gameplay, and this one is by far the closest. - definitely would recommend this to anyone who likes the genre. Giving this a big thumbs up !!"
,Not Recommended,304730,29767008,Posted: 7 February,all,40.,"I want to love this game really I do guys. The damn UI is a mess in this game tho. This Dev has no clue how to make a proper working UI. You literally wanna rage quit this game just setting up different routes. The upgrading of the trains and auto replacement system is a joke too. Should be able to just drop and drag into the route you want and move on. The economy is wack too. Once you get into the 2000 no body wants to use your trains or trams anymore. Another annyoing feature is the Track routing. You should be able to just lay a double track down at once. Not one single rail at a time. laying two rails together takes freakin forever and quite buggy.The big kick to the nut bag is the devs lack of updating. They have never updated this game!!! Ohh this game is buggy, lets make a god damn NEW GAME!! WHAT....? 35 bucks for this game is a crash grab!! This is a 20 dollar game at best.Pirate this game, not worth buying @ $30+"
76561198086166297,Recommended,304730,12383432,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,argiris.grivas,"If you are a transport sim fan and you can't put up with the graphics of '90's legendary games any more, this is your game. It may need some more work to match the legends in terms of gameplay, but the platform is very promising. The company behind it seems to be keen in improving it and they also seem to be encouraging modders to contribute content.Pros:good large random mapsdecent 3D graphicsdynamic cities expansiongood passenger simulationand most importantly, it's the only trasport sim of our day (to my knowledge at least) supporting passenger+freight. Hence, our only hope.Cons:freight aspect needs some helpcould be smoother performance-wiseUI could be prettier and easier to usea campaign mode would make it more attractive for non-hardcore trasportation sim fansTo sum it up, if you are a fan of the genre, you need to check this out eventually. I wouldn't blame you if decide to wait a couple of updates first though."
76561198129623561,Recommended,304730,12501789,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,geneomead,"Can't say enough good things about this game.   Is it perfect?  No.  But it comes real close.  Is it complicated?  Not near as much as A-Train.  It does have a bit of a learning curve, but it can also be as deep (or not) as you want it.  If you like train games, this is a ""must have""."
,Recommended,304730,24045983,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Antonio Stella Bottom Tile,"Train Fever - Can RecommendI would recemend this if you have the patince to play this as it roughly takes about 30hrs to get to the final year of the game (2020) after that nothing else is unlocked and your stuck with the same new-Gens trains forever (Unless you have keep all unlocks on but then you dont get achivements if thats what your into).Pro'sFor its age its a nice looking gameHas allot of diffrent locos and carrages that are avalableEasy to place and use signal systemsEasy to mod more locos, carrages or industrys into gameLarge moding communityFairly simple route plannerGood Passenger AI, They can switch trains to get to where they want Most games only allow passengers to get on oneFree DLCCon'sBuggy in areas of the gameAutomatic saving isn't very hidden (When saving game lags out for a second)Small amounts of industrys (Coal, Iron, Wood, Oil)Rail building can be a pain inthe♥♥♥♥♥♥on accasions.New game - Transport feverI Would like to add that lately a new sequal has been anounced for this game called""Transport fever"". So far it looks like all the issues have been dealt with in this new game. I will link its steam page and websight so you can have a look. So if you dont want to buy this because of the bugs and want a newer version of the game then you might aswell wait for the new one to come out.Transport fever WebsightTransport fever Steam PageMy Rating  7/10"
76561198055725367,Recommended,304730,11984440,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,AKACTION,"This game is only for Tycoon fans. It has not user-friendly interface like Transport tycoon ot Locomotion. Game crashes every 30-50 minutes.There are two types railroad platform - for passengers and for freight. This is very strange solution.Railway crossroads tracks is difficult to make (constant conflict). It is almost impossible to make multilayered road interchange.It is not clear in which way works One-way railroad traffic-lights.When transport stops at the station or bus stop  doors are not working (like in ""Cities in motion"") - people teleports to the bus/cab.In the transport stops statistics it is impossible to do  sorting by the number of people / goods (column header is missing)"
,Recommended,304730,11994738,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Friend Aardvark,"Amazing graphics! Really good transport simulator, sort of like Cities In Motion, but better!"
76561198152879143,Recommended,304730,11985535,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ael09mpu,"I  was waiting for this game for several months. Unfortunetly, the first impression was not that good as I expected from watching the trailers and beta videos.  This game comes with only a small part of what could be found in the Rail Road Tycoon 3.  There are no other transport companies visible, there is no stock market... The good thing is the graphics improvning and several new vechicles. However, by comparing the whole picture and the game rubotness  the Rail Road Tycoon 3 may easly win the competition, allthough it is an old game. But sure, why not give it a try.."
76561198003271046,Recommended,304730,11985860,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,warpig88190,"this is more of a 50/50 review rather then thumbs up i'v played it round a mate love it,brought it, still love it but either its my pc or the game(with my hardware,not to brag but i think its the game) it can be abit laggy interms of the camera controls n zooming in and out. i like what i see so far tho."
,Recommended,304730,12248857,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,~ Molly ~,"Very enjoyable and relax game XDAll detail about trains was very good, city and map is so big, you need to spend about 2-3 days in real life to build covers it all :PAlso, it had bus and other transport too. If you looking for a game to kill some time then go get this one :)"
76561198009423595,Recommended,304730,12091284,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,PineyCreek,"Train Fever is a game I enjoy but needs more work. I followed this game for a while before release and Urban Games seems pretty committed to making this a good game so I have confidence in them.So let's get the basics out of the way. On the one hand it's a pretty straight forward game. If you've played Cities in Motion or Tranportation Tycoon you won't be lost. The game looks pretty good even on my old computer and considering I'm using Vista it runs pretty smoothly.One of the first problems and it may seem like a small one is that you can't make tracks that crossover each other. You can make switches or bridges, but if I have two tracks (an up and down line) and I want it to cross over and merge with another set of tracks I can't do that. I have to make an additional set of switches. I imagine that will be implimented eventually but it really annoys me because from how I play in games like OpenTTD I usually have one or two main lines with branch lines feeding it.Another small thing that gets really annoying fast is that you can't build roads over track (unless you build a bridge). Again this will be a quick fix, but it will really started to make me mad when I was trying to upgrade my old lines to high speed tracks.One thing is that trains are supposed to dynamically spread themselves out they don't stack up on each other, but it seems it has somes bugs. At first it worked fine, but as I got into the late game the system seems to break down so I'd always have three or more trains at one end of a three station line and the other had nothing. I actually watched this for a little bit to figure out why and I think what happens is that when you get into the late game and have trains with a 100+ passengers that it creates  bottleneck with all those people loading and unloading.I'm not convinced that cargo is really flushed out. I struggle to make cargo lines to make any kind of profit and really by the 20th century it's better to use trucks.I think the building of roads and tracks needs work. Sometimes it's a crapshoot on what will work and what doesn't.Still these all strike me as problems that are easy to fix and probably the devs are on it already. Train Fever seems like a pretty solid base to expand upon and Urban Games seems to have big plans and if an active modding community can get off the ground I see great things for the game. This game is really for people who really love transport tycoon games.Edit: Well turns out the devs have fixed the problems in a way... they're releasing a sequel. Honestly I'm most excited about the ways they've improved track building and that you can laid road directly over track than the addition of ships and planes.I'm reserving judgement on Transport Fever until I can see some let's plays and see the game play in action but it does look like they'll fix most of my problems. Still no multiplayer but maybe the third game will include that."
76561198031199582,Recommended,304730,12309933,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Flying-Dog,"This game is an intelligent and modern implementation of the railroad tycoon genre. I love it! The small development team has put a lot of work and love into details and created an impressing simulation that is also beautiful (except the user interface).- Procedural generation of large landscapes and growth of cities is stunningly implemented and very intelligent - this helps to creates unique cities and worlds with different challenges.- Track-laying is very realistic (wow, really what I was dreaming for in RRT 3 etc with costs depending on degree of terrain modification).- Beautiful graphics of engines (buses) and towns.- Challenging simulation - neat combination of in-city and intra-city transportation of passengers.- Nice timeline with great European locomotives.The focus is really on moving people around which is really enjoyable and the fun challenge to keep the economy running - I wish developers would not have listened to the community and rather would have entirely omitted the freight side of the game (to sell this feature separately later as a DLC!).I also find that the game's procedural world could have benefited from more variation, both geographically and temporally - there are no seasonal effects, and independent on height, the terrain texture is boring green lawn. I think they could have done much by simply changing textures with height (from green pastures to alpine rock desert) and over the course of a year (vegetation and texture change) - just to make epic playing over hours more immersive and entertaining.Overall I recommend this game - finally an intelligent, modern implementation of the classic genre after all the Sim City disasters (Cities in Motion being an exception)."
,Recommended,304730,14739389,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,🐺 Wolferatus 🐺,"Playing more then 6h and ?m still a beginner. You have a lot of things to learn on this game and that make a lot of fun. I started more then 10 times from beginning because i did something wrong and broke my game lol.if you play this game the first time, I recommand to watch some tutorial videos and read the guides on community forum for train fever. You will need it.Save your game before you add the route sign, if you don´t do that and you set one wrong you have to start again because you can`t move the trains.8 of 10 PointsPro:ChallangingNice animationOld trains (1850)Free USA DLCMods (sadly no steam workshop)building makes funuser Guildes3 different Map Sizes3 Game Mode, easy, normal, hardBorow money from bank, but be carefull how you build because all cost money and after 9mio its over (on easy)ore, iron and coal (you need it for your train and to make money)Contra:Tutorial is not helpful (only letter and smal size too)Map is a bit empptyNo Sandbox (useful for beginners to learn the game)"
,Recommended,304730,11980661,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,nereksnadu the Rakusan,"Allright, the game came out this morning and i've literally been playing non stop.As a BIG fan of tycoon games, especially Chris Sawyer's TTD and the open source version, Words simply cannot describe my anticipation for this game.Train Fever is everything any tycoon fan could want, a game that feels like it was made by a A+ developer, funded by one of the big giants, but it's all made by a small indie studio, which makes it even more incredible than it already is. the tycoon genre has long had games that were good, but not great, and far, far too many games that were bad. But train fever stands out, it is truly an amazing game.The music is fantastic.It is tricky to learn and you don't easily get to a point where you are insanely rich and nothing stops youThe graphics, while they can be laggy at times, are stunning to look at. With good sound effects to follow, watching the trains moving along, while listening to the soundtrack is just great.Laying tracks is easy, but it can be tricky. However, like other parts of this game, once you learn it, you souldn't have problems.The game might not have a million features, and at times the wait untill you get a new train is long, but it's enjoyable. That's what is important, i really, really like this game. It isn't perfect, it's still a little rough around the edges, but i havn't had a single crash (although i encountered a few bugs).Overall, i can easily recommend this to any tycoon fan.In fact, if you are a tycoon fan, you simply must buy it.SHIRO-A RECOMMENDS THIS GAME!10/10!"
,Recommended,304730,12004440,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,R.Fortes,"From what i've played, this game has a lot of potential in the months ahead with updates, maybe DLCs and etc...Good mechanics, one of the best i've ever seen for this type of game, great graphics, and kind easy to learn how to play and huge maps to play with.But there is no campaign and goals, you make your own path, this may sound interesting at first, but when you have no goals and no missions(campaign), you may lose interest on the game!Lack of some things(only 4 industries) and you have to play first at 1850 and play until 2050, then in another game you can start when you want.But overall, the game is almost worth its price and as i said its a game with great potential and in this state its good!My veredict at this state is 6.5/10, but i may change it after some patches and updates!EDIT: My veredict remains on 6.5/10, some recent updates improved stability and some bugs, but nothing great, i'm still waiting for a DLC or something interesting to keep my interest on the game.If you want to buy this game, wait for a sale with 50% off or more, then, the price is worth it.."
76561198111959055,Recommended,304730,12717317,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lunar Captain,This is one of the best and few train games out there and I strongly recommend you play!
,Recommended,304730,12026582,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Galaxy202,Love it ! Can't stop playing. But still a lot of bugs wich need to be fixed.
76561198034228310,Recommended,304730,12028714,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,raskil,"This is a very beautiful game. It takes some getting into (but not all that long). And there is stuff to be desired (hopefully there will be patches, etc). But give it time, learn the basic mechanics and you have a very appealing game. Very simple actually and visually very beautiful. If you like transportation games - you will definitely love this. Maybe it could be more involved and complicated - for me, it has just enough micromanagement. It think it is very beautiful."
,Recommended,304730,12476735,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,FxUK,"This is a good, highly addictive game inspired by similar games in the genre.Personally, I love it, even with the poor performance I am seeing late game, I still can't get enough.The dev's seem passionate about it and are pumping our regular patches / updates, which is refreshing.Pro's+Dev's seem to care about the game and are patching / looking to add new things+Large Seeded Maps+Proceduraly generated city growth+Fairly straight forward to get to grips with, although worthwhile checking out user created guides.+Good graphics+Moddable, there are lots of mods available to DL, inc vehicles / new industry chains etc.Con's-Performance issues (being worked on)-UI could do with some polish / tweak's-Lack of in-game tutorial (but user guides cover this imho and its not that complex)-Replacing Vehicles due to old age can become a chore-Lack of some track options, such as crossovers |X| although you can do single line crossings |/|Things to look out for:- Ensure you have a graphics card capable of OpenGL 3.2"
,Recommended,304730,12028059,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,log1 (Rodolfo),"Worth it, very good,"
,Recommended,304730,12043904,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,780,"Very good simulation game. Optimization is indeed needed. I have GTX780 running on low texture and a small map, it still feels laggy and buggy. It does not feel like a train simulation game, rather it reminds me of ""Cities in Motion"". Maybe after updates, the core gameplay would focus more on the trains. Considering great features and improvements are coming up, I would highly recommend this game to anyone who is interested in simulation or just transportation."
76561198054806696,Recommended,304730,12093780,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Burt Macklin,Its pretty good
,Recommended,304730,12256477,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Da-Cow,"This game has a lot of potential, In my eyes it is still pretty rough around the edges. I love the concept, and it brings me back to my days of Railroad Tycoon 2. The overall UI and management of trains/wagons/trucks could use polish and to make it more user friendly. I will be watching all patches closely as this game matures. I have high hopes."
,Recommended,304730,12471620,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,CommieBastard,solid mechanics and charming graphics. only thing missing is motivation to keep expanding your transportation empire. contracts or competition. also more features from railroad tycoon 3 would be a good idea.
76561198033108049,Recommended,304730,12103050,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,judderman1985,Very addictive! I think they should re-work the title to Transport Fever instead. Its very easy to make money on the buses and freight trucks. But if you intoduce trains after you have a very well established bus network operating you will struggle to make money on the trains.Otherwise very good to see a transport sim with good growth mechanics. Be aware when you hit 1910 onwards as you will start to see cars on the streets and on the roads which YOU laid.Only shame is that train signal system is a bit of a puzzle and takes a while to master.Can't wait to see what expansions or add-ons they have planned.
76561197977799346,Recommended,304730,12030229,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,[MATB] Nzshark,I personally think that the game requires AI opponents just to add the drive to win it would add a lot more fun to the game. A lot of gamers like having someone or something to compete against that is what a lot of gamers like. More involved with money growth such as a stock market portfolio and showing geographically what is required where. Think the game has huge potential but finding it a bit lacking at the moment. You need competion with rival companies to make it more interesting. It  had that depth of play it would become very addictive.
76561197981467852,Recommended,304730,12034333,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,jkgnet,First game I have ever bought that doesnt work without me updating my drivers. Still unable to open the game on my laptop (having just updated to the latest drivers as the system requested) but got it working on my PC after re-booting it.   Game looks great but still work in progress by the team. I have played 2 hours but think I will wait until the updates are done before using it again. Has great potential and graphics.
76561198107492183,Recommended,304730,12030194,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Rrstorm,"it is a great game, has nice gameplay, but do not change the resolotion because it will crash your game and yomay not be get to change it back eather it dosent fit on or it will be taken away becaue of no room. other then that it is one of the best train based games ive played."
76561198034136568,Recommended,304730,12245148,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,conrail4ever,"UPDATED REVIEW!!!!!I have almost 1000 hours of play time so I will now take the time to edit my review....If I had waited a week after launch before buying this game, I probably would not have purchased. All the beta tester reviews were positive but this game still needs a lot of work. As far as I'm concerned its still in beta.*edit* The above is still somewhat true and let me add that I get the vibe that the game developers are relying too much on user created/mods to make the game complete.My biggest gripes with the game:1. Cargo trains don't make any money but cargo trucks do.*edit* Making money with cargo trains takes time but can be lucrative.2. Track laying can sometimes be a pain in the neck.*edit* This was understated; it really is a pain!3. The game needs some sort of manual to better explain things. Most of the help and guides I have seen are done by people whose first language wasn't English.4. Don't get me started on signals. I still do not fully understand how they really work so I haven't been using them, hence the need for a manual.*edit* Okay, I understand signals now but I still think the game needs a manual.5. The biggest gripe I have is that McAfee detects one of the Train Fever files as a virus and quarrantines it. Eveytime I want to play I have disable real time scanning and have Steam re-verify the file. I don't like the idea of having my computer vulnerable but I'm willing to risk it. When I'm done playing I'll turn real time scanning back on and once again it will detect the file as a virus and remove it. then I have to go through all the above steps again.*edit* This was fixed a while ago so no longer applies.I mean the game is fun, but you have patience and stick with it.  I don't want to not recommend the game but it doesn't seem right to recommend it (at this time) either.*edit* I hear a lot of people comparing this to OTTD. I never played that or the original but I have played RRT2, Sid Meier's Railroads, and Locomotion. This game can be better than all of them but still hasn't lived up to its potential."
,Recommended,304730,13613004,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Boweavel,"Just love it, almost about to crack 2 billion in the bank for 200 yrs of railing... on a small map mind, The large maps, once you have half a dozen industry's around too.. can get clunky, not to bad but enough to be anoying after a few hours. the last patch did help that for me.The track laying is very easy yet powerfull, I think of it like trainz on micro scale with industry's that just work...Glad to see some free DLC due ina  month or 2, as it seems very limited in choice of vehicles so far, but there is enough variety to make it enjoyable and get your old brain working.Some more tree's in the landscape would be nice, every map no matter what size comes across as pretty barren. Also it doesnt seem to randomize a new map that much different from what seems to be 'base' map. I fiddled for a while with starting new games and same map would show each time for quite a few times in a row before something slightly different would show. A larger variety of ground textures to randomize it up a bit more would help.Road networks can be a pain, you cant fix or upgrade rail crossings without ripping it all up then laying your road then hoping your rail line wont conflict. And now since last patch you cant disconnect a main highway without first bypassing it, this can make for some mucking about (And funds watsed) that just isnt needed. These sections should upgrade themselves as time goes on or find a way to upgrade them in a click.. In the next patch.I basicly start each game paused and go to my 3 or 4 major towns on the map and widen every road you can to 4 lanes instantly around the city and most importantly get 4 or 5 lines across the major in roads for your station sorted to 4 lane roads asap. save you alot of mucking about later.The road network side to it is also amazing and could of been a game in itself. Though it does need work, Very poor usage for bus's and trams means that you eventualy cut the service all together, I used to instantly lay tram lines for future use now i just dont bother, nice to look at but they dont get through traffic any easier than a bus does. The last patchreally did fix up the bottleneck issues to. Brownie points for that fix!All n all.. I'm loving it, its being patched regularly and works better each time, DLC soon and just endless gameplay at hand, Its easy to move around, easy to find your vehicles, upgrade them, or just watch there finances and adjust routes , Wyes and loops it seems all sorts of quirky lines can be built, Its a great that the trains will work to the grade to, ie: if its a big hill to climb and you dont have the power.. it wont go up very fast.The time clock for days and years seems to run to fast for my liking, That said, playing this on anything less than fast forward mode, can be very slooooooowGet it now while it $2026/12/14"
,Recommended,304730,13715913,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Oggy,"Since its launch in September this game has received several patches which has really improved the gameplay. Apart from several bug fixes and performance improvements there has been new features and content. Such as auto-replacement, a much needed feature when you get 5+ lines, several new vehicles and more realistic un/loading.This game has now been polished to such an extent that I can recommend it. As a bonus there's also a free American DLC-package on the horizon."
,Recommended,304730,28727091,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pvt Puddles,"This is a very excellent game, I really enjoy it.  I love watching my empire sprawl across the map, never to be tamed.Unfortunately, there are a few gamebreaking issues.  The game is called Train Fever, though the best use of your resources is with trucks delivering cargo.  Busses are cool and work in conjunction with trains well, but they bring in very little profit, if done right.  Cargo trains can bring in loads of profit, but are unstable.  It is hard to balance the correct number of cars and how much the factory produces.  Long distance cargo runs are not profitable.  The train maintanane cost outweighs the profits, or the factory/factories will not produce enough to make a train worthwhile.  Often times, neither factory on the lin e will increase, even though both are getting all their goods shipped in a timely manner, resulting in profit loss as the train gets older and becomes obsolite.  Trucks work better, with very tiny maintanance costs, and can therefore better serve the cargo industry.Passanger trains are another matter.  Connecting 2 nearby cities with a single train works well and is very profitable early on, but this is train fever.  That means we want to see some trains running around.  So you improve your tracks, and have 4 cities connected in a loop.  Guess what?  Unless you get newer, faster trains, they aren't going to make a profit.  So now it's in the 1950s, and your loop is profitable.  So let's expand, shall we?Except passengers don't want to go, which doesn't make sense.  A distant, far off city is now accesible for a short train ride, but still no one does.  I have three train lines, one is a loop of four cities.  The other two use that same loop, but also add 2+ extra cities in a bigger loop.  The first line is the most profitable, because for some reason the simulated citizens DO NOT like to go very far.  Anyway, enough ranting.Other than that, the game is very fun, and I would definately recommend.  It could use some work, but I still play it and it makes me happy.Then there is always that dude who jumps off your train mid-transit.*I got this game on sale for $3 (90% off)"
,Recommended,304730,12003561,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,coastervan,Great game! Extremely pleased with my purchase. I've been waiting for a game like Transport Tycoon for years! So glad one is finally here. My only wish is to have American name towns and trains and vehicles of American orgin available. Great work guys!
76561198018806166,Recommended,304730,13055390,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,AndreiC,"Thank you team for delivering a NEW DLC!This game looks good and is a superb upgrade to all the similar games I play for over 20 years now, and I played all the Train Sims big titles. At first I did not buy because of the reviews saying it has issues but now that they have fixes and price special I decided is a good time and I do not regret it.The game runs smooth with all the max settings and large map on my i7, 8BG Ram and gForce 560 TII look forward to my empire!I do not recommend this game on a Laptop or an old PC without gaming hardware but it should be this way for what it delivers."
76561198049763931,Recommended,304730,13124093,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,HardeKoning,"Hella fun, although it could be more polished and content is kinda lacking. A nice game for a good couple of days worth of playtime though."
,Recommended,304730,13171554,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dawson,"This game is a really good detailed train simulation/stratagy game. I'm not a fan of trains either, however the game gets boring after a while, and there isn't enough features to mess around with. 6/10 Edit 2/16/2017: I ♥♥♥♥ing love trains."
76561198039071218,Recommended,304730,13205286,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,GoatMutt,"It's definitely not polished YET, but it works. The developers even allow modding. Buy this game and give them the support necessary to really get this train rolling."
76561198153045246,Recommended,304730,13033993,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Beamng.mapper.Bob.Blunderton,"IF YOU LOVE TRANSPORT TYCOON OR OPENTTD AS IT IS NOW CALLED, BUY NOW!For veterans of Transport Tycoon [deluxe]/ TTDPatch, and OPENTTD, this is a game you will have quite a time with, for quite a time!  For 20 years I've been holding out on one of the best Truck/Train shipping/logistics games, Transport Tycoon (also: now OPENTTD)... and now we have a 3d version.  Albeit it does not have all the fancy configurables that OPENTTD does, any fan should pick this up.The game engine is quite similar to CITIES XL, but without the glitches and other issues of XL, that is where any semblance to XL ends however.  This game is definately right in the same flavour of Transport Tycoon, so if you like that one, I can recommend giving this a try.  You might just become absorbed for the whole evening in it, unable to let go.  Quite challenging to make profitable train routes, though busses are pretty easy to work with in terms of turning a profit, one should start there.  A few bus lines up and running in a few different towns, then link them with trains.  Make sure your bus passengers get dropped off near the trainstations in each town, and you'll have a good train service in a few years time.  Remember, as in real life, people will want to use their cars more and more as an alternative to the logistics services you provide, especially as the years progress.  This coupled with the fact that every year equipment gets older, it costs more and more to maintain.  Keep this in mind if you're thinking about short-cutting your train route with a super-highway.  People will notice this and ridership will fall for your trains drasticly.  There is a mod to change the simulation's car max speed to encourage more folks to use your transportation, use that mod if you can't seem to turn a profit, but only as a last resort.  The challenge keeps this game fun through the years.  There isn't quite the hard falloff that TTD had, once you got to a certain point is was easy cruising without a care in the world.  Here, the challenge stays especially if you overlook things or become complacent.This game was quite rough when it first was released, but now with the patches, and the FREE USA DLC (via the DLC or STORE page for this game), there is so much more to offer, and a lot less bugs.This game can run for over 10 hours and not have crashing issues.Good patches last fall/winter and now the DLC update allowed me to update my review.  Train & Bus lines now working as intended, especially where they were problematic before when upgrading.  Loop routes work excellent, give them (and any train or bus line) a few years to mature fully + the grow with town growth, just like in Transport Tycoon.Landscaping/terraforming tools leave a bit to be desired, can take some time (this is no Simcity).  I can now build farther and longer than before with a section of rail without it failing to smooth terrain.  Before the patch it was mayhem trying to keep with the grade/slope.  You shouldn't have too many problems.  Building a road across double-railroad track is next to impossible, however, so you should lay roads before laying dual traintrack where and when possible.  It is possible to cross with bridges in most instances or tunnel under if you have the room, but this can be quite a test of patience at times and may prove a waste of time in certain respects.   On the flip side, since the patches the other month, building rail over road is much easier.  You shouldn't have too many instances where you cross roads in a manner that prevents you from laying track.  Try to build over the roads closer to a 90 degree angle to make things easier, even if it means making the track bend a bit.Remember, running a successful business may be challenging, but it is also rewarding.  Very Very rewarding, mind you.  Staying on top of things, with all the effort it takes, really comes with a good sense of accomplishment.  You might really enjoy this one, it's turned out to be a diamond in the rough after the updates - it really shines brightly!Would be nice to have bigger map size for those of us without lag issues, could build rail systems like they were meant to be.  I don't think the computer processing power/video processing power is quite there yet to be honest, for bigger maps.  Don't let this stop you.My only one complaint is being unable to lay road overtop double-raid track without knocking the track out first.  Sometimes also, the game may not let you remove certain roads if it feels the road is necessary to the simulation of people moving on their own.  You may have to fool around a bit building a bypass or two before it will let you remove the offending road if it's the only access between two towns or between a town and industry.  This is realistic, however, so who am I to judge negetively on this matter.Graphics are plenty good for a modern game, way better than 20 years-old gfx.The USA DLC is really stunning, and is free, so definately a feather-in-the-cap for the developer, especially considering there are many (purposely) community-source models here (the developers actually enlisted the help of modders to package this all up and purpose it for something totally awesome for everyone to enjoy).  Moves like this are extremely respectable, as they really give the customers value for their money spent buying the original game.Sound is on par where it should be and music is better than many other city-builders, though it is typically the jazz/muzak kind of thing.  Fairly typical of the simulation genre.  It doesn't seem to get as annoying or bothersome as the music from Simcity 4 however.  If you liked Transport Tycoon's music back in the day, you'll most likely be okay with this.Sound effects are appropriate and expected, they do not dissapoint.Really is becoming an awesome game.  I followed this game development via youtube for a few years, and I am glad to see it finally mature into a stable, enjoyable product that without a doubt sucks me in for many hours, sometimes a whole night.  I can't say that about too many games.Don't let the mention of Cities XL push you away, XL is not near as fun, addicitive, and bug free as this game is.  This game is 64bit, and multi-processor compiled.  This will use every bit of gfx and cpu horsepower you can throw at it.  i5 or i7 strongly recommended to play on the largest maps without any significant lag.  To turn on all the bells and whistles graphically, you'll want atleast a radeon 7700/7800 series graphics card (R 260 or better!).  This will run on intel integrated gfx but again a good Radeon or Geforce video card would be recommended for the largest maps on the higher graphical settings.Users with only 4gb of ram may wish to bump up their machines to 6gb to 8gb total system memory or more, as this game was using 3.5gb of ram on a large map, to help avoid hitching and lag that having only 4gb or less will give you.  Load times on a solid state drive are plenty fast so also no worries here.  If you use a small or medium map you may not need more than 4gb but see the system requirements for more detailed info.Plenty of community mods are available, but with the recent update this past week, you'll want to make sure you clean out all your old mods, and update them to the new versions otherwise you'll have a bad time with things.  The game gives you an option to load/unload mods right from the menu screen and there are front-ends for this purpose also that work with the DLC.  Check the Steam Forums for more info on this, as it is posted.Do enjoy, if you loved TTD, you'll enjoy this quite a bit!  To the developers personally, thanks for finally giving us a game to give us our OPENTTD/TTD fix, as after 20 years +, I think it's time for an update to the old favorite.  Still love TTD though, as always will.This game is 100% non-violent, and child friendly, but also deep enough for adults."
,Recommended,304730,13340365,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,bdebone,Train Fever's issues have to this point about 3 months since release it is a mostly compleat game. It has a great future in the moding community and there are already atleast 100 mods out. There are still some issues but considering the developer's current track record I am confident they will be resolved. The only compartily better game in the genra I can think of is Open TTD which is free but basied on a 20 year old game.
,Recommended,304730,11999168,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,wozzy (GB),near on the same as TRUCKS AND TRAINS TYCOON which i prefer.been playing for 3 days and find it very fiddly to lay tracks.other then that no probs at all with the game.
76561198095207564,Recommended,304730,12017313,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Husarz,"This game is GREAT!It still need some improvement, definitely more vehicles, trains etc and some more things like more kinds of goods/industries and so on but, overall, the game is definitely on the right path and worth every single euro spent."
76561197963619124,Recommended,304730,12059243,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,virulenT,"This is an addictive game. I'm having a very hard time stepping away from the computer while playing. The learning curve is not too bad, but there are little bugs and/or inconveniences in the game. Reading the forum posts is recommended."
,Recommended,304730,12171575,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Frecki,When you have played train simualtor and you liked the gamplay I personally recommend this game. There are stimm some parts that can be improved but which game does not have any points which could be improved?So go and get it. It's totally worth the money.
,Recommended,304730,12063498,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,stilgar,"I just started playing this game and it looks like it's going to be much fun. As promised, it's like Transport Tycoon, 20 years later :) Graphics is very good, cities, roads and railroads look much better than they did in TT, and you can actually build them in any direction you want.However, it has some problems. Gameplay isn't very intuitive (TT was much better in this area) and tutorials do not help much. GUI is not easy to use (too much menus and windows, not enough direct controls on the map - you have to click 20 times to set up a train line, it should be much quicker and easier).I hope devs will fix those problems and make the learning curve less steep, because this looks just great and I'm sure I'm going to have lots of fun playing this game.And, what's more remarkable, I haven't seen any bugs or crashes. It looks like a pretty smooth release."
76561198073081873,Recommended,304730,12098692,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Harry244,"I would as a whole reccomend this game to those who love economy/transports tycoons, the games downsides are stabilty and the odd visual bug here and there, but there is nothing gamebreaking."
,Recommended,304730,12028675,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,CartoonJustice,Do you like buses and trains? Do you hate riding them in real life? Do you want to watch the pesants go about their worthless lives while you twist your robber baron mustach? If you said yes to any of this you will love this game.
76561198013151289,Recommended,304730,12077312,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,[NL]Ibahalii,"Played this game for a bit now, trying out all sorts of difficulties, settings and map varriants. in overall i would say that it most reminds me of the early days of Transport Tycoon(build, setting, trains -etc), with a mixture of Industry Giants(time line), and Cities in motions based line building and interacting system. the playing it self feel fine and good on higher difficulties the game can become quite challanging as well to make the most of your little company and set-up a profitable line system to not run to deep and debt and fail, although the 3mixture seems like a real good combo there are also down sides, such as the line system not being able to work out how switches interact on multible track stations. which severly limits your options in station building and useage of the stations, when you make a loop track with 2 lines going opposite of one another the game will still run both trains in the same direction which will lead to a full stop since the trains will meet and be stuck since non took a side track. The industry is really limited and seems to dislike trains for cargo, as i placed many times tracks + freight station next to a industry which will then refuse to use the station and line, and even when it uses it, it just does not want to increase in production nor upgrade to match the capacity of your trains on its side. that said, it will interact propperly with trucks(tried on mutlible time era's (1850's, 1900's, 1950's and ++)).that said in overall i would say the game can be very fun if your a true fan of the series like Cities in motion, Indrustry Giant, Transport Tycoon -etc. so far even before the patch the game ran really stable on my system and never resulted in crashed. big maps can take a while to load but are worth the wait in the end. the start no matter how you start(easy, medium or hard). is a challange, setting up wrong will make you fail and quickly run in debt which then leads to a restart of the game. The one thing that was quite annoying is to see that your passengers will just dissapear from the train/bus they sit in as it moves(had a train with 120passengers leaving the station, to arrive at its destination with just 105passengers).Pro's:- Big maps.- good city devolopment.- Infrastructure build option.- Line system.- loads of options in difficulties and optimizations of the lines/tracks/roads.- Easy interface.(though feels a bit empty).- Easy train/bus/truck build mode.- 3-D- MusicCon's:- Industry dis-likes trains.- Very limited Industry options.- The build system although good working seems to have troubles adjusting to slightly lower tracks then railroads, making it hard to build tunnels and overpasses easy.(eg. it wont suggest to make a tunnel or bridge if it cant make a on level overpass. but just keeps saying ""Collision"" when you then raise the terain for say a bridge overpass the road will collide with the raised height for the bridge)- Passengers will just vannish from your trains as they ride.- Trains/Busses dissapear as purchace options after a X amount of time, sometimes forcing you to buy a to expencive train to keep a line open.- City's seem to expand away from your station(at least in my games Xd).- Not easy to upgrade a train/bus/truck. said item needs to first go depot, trucks and busses need to be sold(very easy botton for that though), but upgrading a train, means sending it to station, open the train window + Depot window + Buy train window, Buy a train, remove the locomotive of the said train(sell or move). then place the new locomotive on the excisting train. re-assign its route and send it out again). It in overall is not a dissaster, just time and engery consuming if you get a big network with 50/60 locomotives that need to be replaced since they ran over their livetime span.In overall though despite the ""flaws"" that i have encountered i still love this game and will continue playing it with pleasure, some of my con's might just be from still getting used to the building of. for instance, though seeing somethings added(maybe as optional options(like TDD). where you can keep the old steam locomotives/carriages/trucks/busses -etc would be nice to see, as well as more industry, and no Anti-train mentenality on industry would be very nice as well.all in all i would still rate this gate with 8/10 cause i just love these games, and this games somewhat cleances my thrists after TDD :D"
76561197985920365,Recommended,304730,12203834,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Blackback,"Finally a transportation management simulation that has the potential to be a successor for games like OpenTTD or Locomotion! It needs quite some polishing though. The dialogs are rather ugly and it takes some time to get used to the track building mechanics. Trains, trucks and busses look great, but open cars (early game) lack a driver and seem to be driven by ghosts. Train signals don't visualize their state and all railroad crossings are unguarded.Despite these drawbacks, the game is really fun and the developers are working on improvements so I'm confident this game will become even better."
,Recommended,304730,12047385,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Harmar,"This game has alot of potential but can be alittle spazy when loading into maps. compaired to most simulation tycoon games this one has its own way of working. Unlike most transportation based games you cant force it to do what you want. Each enity (person and cargo) has a place it wants to go and you cant always force the entity to go where you want it to go, you need to work with the entity to speed ups its movementThere is already a few good mods showing up it is sure to be a good that will keep improving both with its own way of working and with the comunities helpPathing for trains and vehicles can also be a bit spazy and will sometimes forget where it should go but if you have your signaling right you will have very little issues.With the map you wont be able to jump right in, when you load into the map you will need yo pan around to load the map completly otherwise you will lock up and load slowly by doing that you will be able to run your game with very little hickups with loading."
76561198018513501,Recommended,304730,12088232,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Anmia,"Ok, it's ""early access"" so it has a few issues.Like, the longer you play, the longer it takes to quit. Also it does crash now and again.But did I mention it's Sandbox?Now to the good stuff.This is a Transport Sim where you sit down to play for an hour, but when you stop it's seven hours later. The music helps, if you turn it down a little.As a fan of RailroadTycoon and the like, I love this game.All in all...87/100Notes and thoughts:Would be fun with some missions, but then you'd have to be able to turn them off.Larger maps...?More buses/trams/trucks/trains...?Ability to see the finance report for all years."
,Recommended,304730,12203090,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Phileksa,"The game is pretty basic, but it's also pretty modable, so you can customize it however you like.It has a bit of a learning curve, and it doesn't give you as much information as one would like, but it is definitely playable.  After a few tries, I was able to make a pretty good running game."
,Recommended,304730,12172619,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,textaBlack,"Awesome little game, in the style of Sid Meier's Railroads! or Railroad Tycoon.  Starts off simple, but gets more challenging as the years roll on and the cities grow.  Nice graphics, really well modelled, and it's always fun to play with trains. :)  And buses and trams in this one!  Highly recommended if you like an economic simulation type game.  Fun!"
76561197969993738,Recommended,304730,12196661,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,bencze,"I now spent a nice amount of time with the game so I can voice my opinion about it.In many ways it is exactly what I needed, although it could sure use some improvements down the road.Good:- Nice graphics. If you're like me and still play openttd / RT3 etc. occasionally, this is pretty cool. I like the vehicles, it's quite nice work on those. It is not a console like 'detailed but cheesy' kind of Gfx, it is not the genre that requires that imo, it just has enough detail where it's needed, like vehicles and cities.- Interesting economic model. Once you get to understand it the demand based economy is quite simple. I like to follow people to see where they go sometimes, it helped me understand how things work. It's a good challenge to make cities grow, although this means you'll end up with some local lines going into loss, which is pretty realistic I guess.- For me it's a big plus that it works on Linux. I have been experimenting with living with a desktop Linux for the past few months and it helped a lot to get some nice games on it once in a while. :)- The modding possibilities look like it will help with replay value. I didn't try mods yet, didn't quite ""finish"" with the stock game yet but I am sure I will at some point. The challenge will just be to find the more finished, 'professional' mods.- The cargo moving model can be a bit confusing at first, but it's a nice all around model with the lines, frequencies, the rule that passengers look to find routes that are within 20 minutes of travel time. It challenges you to build more efficient networks so people can get far by combining the use of different vehicles.- Dev team seems pretty responsive. In a couple of weeks they released 2 patches that deal with stability issues and help those that have problems running the game in the first place. Although for me it worked out of the box in both Win7 and Ubuntu.The problems I have:- Building railroad tracks is very challenging at first, although it does get easier as you get used to it. A lot of 'collision' messages, sometimes feels a bit too restrictive but most of the time you can work them out.- Bridges - I did have a little problem building overpasses at first, you just have to learn that the game doesn't allow too steep slopes. Prepare to have enough room to raise a track so you can cross another, or a wide road.- Roads crossing railroad lines - at irst this was impossible until I learned that using M and N shortcuts you can raise or lower the middle of the road section you're building. This way I have succesfully built many roads over tracks which was helpful in extending cities around the railroad stations.- Terrain tool - it provides little information and I hate it, can't use it efficiently.- There are optimizations required, towards the year 2000 game becomes quite slow. Perhaps it is because so many people walk around and at that point they start using their cars to go around. Although dev team promised to look into it, it will probably require a few weeks to get the first patch or two that deals with these things.- For a game called Train Fever trains are very expensive to build and maintain so it always requires careful consideration.- Traffic jam issues late game. Here it helps to plan ahead and use trains for passanger traffic between cities but it's financially non trivial which was difficult at first and I sort of like it now that you need to think and plan a bit ahead so you don't commit financial suicide.Overall I think it's a nice game. I am glad someone released a game in the genre, always been a fan of these games. TF is good to go from the start, but a few patches will be welcome to iron out some issues. Mind you it's a very small company with a very low budget - raised 250k euros last year for the game, when you think of it some studios spend hundreds of millions. I think it's good to have these independent companies, with all the hit and miss, they sometimes bring a fresh perspective.ps. Some people seem to have issues with replacing vehicles - it's one of those tings I never had problems with, you can send and sell all vehicles from a line to depots with 1 button, and normally you do it once every 20-30 years, you buy new vehicles in the depot and then assign them to the line once for the whole batch. It's only a pain with trains which I don't use a lot since they're expensive to maintain."
76561197970383322,Recommended,304730,14684227,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,jasonw,"It lacks some polish, but the core system is really good. I've had this since launch. The developers are doing a good job of regular updates and the mod community is getting better. I think of this as a virtual model railroad the grows by itself. I'm looking forward to hanging out with this as it grows."
76561198065656911,Recommended,304730,12207196,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Frogurt97,"A good game which I have enjoyed though does get a little annoying after a while waiting for new tech as your trains trundle along make and loose money etc. though one thing that I find a little strange is that buses are more income consistent than trains due to the large upkeep cost though changing 200+ busses on several tracks is hard to do in this game compared to the replacement of a handful of trains.Another thing I find annoying is the lack of ability to renovate stations, such as you create a train station with two tracks thinking it will be enough but 50 or so years later have to build a second station rather than just extend to 3-5 tracks which you could have done in the beginning.Overall a fun game"
76561197976088223,Recommended,304730,12043064,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,stubblychin,"I've played this for nearly 24 hours.  I wanted to give it a good play before reviewing.  Let's just say I've had a lot of fun with this, to a disturbingly addictive level.Stuff I like:+ Nice big maps.  Bright colours but it adds to the charm+ Cities Grow+ You can watch a single person go to work and back on your network.+ Once you pull off a complicated track arrangement it is incredibly satisfying.+ The way cargo works makes sense to me.  You can't just deliver coal to a factory and presume you'll make money.  The factory has to have it's goods going somewhere too.+ You find all kinds or nice looking views and moments when touring your network, a track wrapping around a hill, or a large train emptying dozens of people at a station where a bus is waiting.There is a somewhat steep learning curve at the beginning, mainly because there is barely any manual and only a brief tutorial.  There are plenty of steam guides though so make sure you read them before playing.  A little tip for those just starting: Build your railway lines in smaller chunks, and avoid going directly up a hill.There are a bunch of weird little bugs, for example, you can build tracks over roads but not roads over tracks, which you have to work around, but it seems the developer is still working on things, and there are bug fixes on the way apparently.If you are coming from Transport Tycoon to this, be aware it doesn't do everything the same, in particular, trains only use one assigned platform at a station (devs also working on this).If you are thinking of buying this, don't be fooled into thinking this is not an intensive game on your system.  Double check your system specs before buying.Also, this game is mod friendly and there are already fan made mods available, including a largely expanded cargo network."
76561198072114899,Recommended,304730,12045003,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Larhfandé,"I have never played a more fun game than this. It's a fantastic and fun transport tycoon, with many, let me say: Unlimited ways of building a Railroad network.If you want a good transport tycoon, then this is the game you are looking for ;)If you take a look at all the bad reviews, then you'll notice that they have only tried to play the game, they havent actually looked for a tutorial on the internet. If you are considering buying this game, then i would recommend to look at a few youtube videos before downloading.""note"" there is no excelent ingame tutorial but there are many on the internet ;)I recommend this game :D"
76561198080686711,Recommended,304730,13130526,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,dnisbett91,Brill Game!! :D Addictive and Fun! Good Modern Version of Transport Tycoon! Well Worth the Money! This Will Only Become Better!
,Recommended,304730,11993574,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,fant0mas,"Clear Recommendation!If you like TTD, you will like this one. Realistic Tracks, Terrain, Signals, good interface...It is big fun!Especially with the not so powerful locomotives at the beginning of the game, you need to take good care that your tracks are not too steep!"
76561198011058252,Recommended,304730,12009510,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,BigVern,"Had this pre-ordered and finally had a dabble last night.First impression is that it has potential but very rough around the edges. Guess I need to start on easy mode on flat terrain but I found setting up a simple single track rail line between two towns used up pretty much all my starting capital. Very hard to get the track to match in some locations without a ""too steep"" or similar message. There's no ""undo"" button so demolishing track and starting over actually costs you money. Then there's only one train type to choose from (with horse and cart for road transport), the downside of having the game start in 1850 rather than (say) 1880.Also missing is any feature to ""ride"" or attach to your vehicles and follow them through the network.Will persevere but I don't think - at least on initial experience - that it's as good as TTDLX or its clones, or Railroad Tycoon (2 & 3). Will probably appeal to those who found A-Train 8 a bit too complex but overall at this stage I would rate it 6/10."
,Recommended,304730,12022772,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,spiderik,"The game looks nice, I am T-Tycoon fan and start in horse-carriages was always first mod I was looking for for any transport game. Well done here and I love the environment. But the GUI is rather ""spartan"" and needs a lot of polishing. Hopefully you will do great job here as well as in the other aspects of the games. Yet did not play long enough to review AI and economy flow, but will do as well."
,Recommended,304730,12021819,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,blumeCG,"Yes it feels a little early access. But they have an active community and mod support.And at least, the ****** simulation works !"
76561198086953372,Recommended,304730,12142377,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,naoise,Badly needs to be optimised and can be unstable but overall a good game
,Recommended,304730,12061205,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,SamuraiMatt3000,"I feel that if you have played Transport Tycoon, Open TTD or Railroad Tycoon then this is the game for you. Personally I feel there is room for a bit more improvements like more train choices, pre-design track layouts (making a normal T junction can be a pain), more verity in what the towns look like and an improved tutorial. Thankfully though there are quite a few guides already online but you shouldn't have to look up to move freight. In the main though it is fun and the track laying is simple and easy to figure out. There is a lot of joy in making a working train line and seeing it become profitable."
76561197972279378,Recommended,304730,12125754,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,mystemo,"The potential of this game is amazing, based on what we have now at the beginning. It's an addictive experience now and with some add-ons and tweaking with signalling, tracks and challenges it will be even better. However, buy it now to experience the greatness that is Train Fever :)"
76561198116146209,Recommended,304730,14138291,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,SanditeSpartan117,"~~AS OF APRIL 1, 2016~~Train Fever offers some great gameplay and trasportation simulation that made me think, ""Just one more delivery"" then it's one hour later and the sun is about to come up. I was very hesitant at first when I was reading the reviews, then I watched a playthrough on YouTube and the urge to buy it was eating me up on every video I clicked, so I finally musterd up and bought it. I certainly don't regret it and the reviews that people are nagging about are relatable, but definitely tolerable. Of course it has it's flaws, and yes, it is lacking on other key features... Such as a world editor or even scenarios. This game has none! All you do is just build routes for trains, trucks, trams, and buses. Don't get me wrong, it is a fun game. The level of simulation and detail is very stunning when you get down to street level. The way the game tracks every citizen in every city, then those citizens have their own destinations such as, work, leisure, shopping, and home. You can either follow your tains, or follow someone's life. This is what really gives me a rich gaming experience is just how detailed it is.Although this game offers much playtime, after a while, you run into some obsatcles... After you unlock every vehicle, you run into a ""what now"" situation.. especially if you already connected every town and industry. You do have achievements to unlock, but those aren't exactly 'scenarios' per say. I really wish this game had some kind of opposing AI or scenario/campaign option and a world editor as well so you can make your own scenarios.Some people call it a ""tycoon"" game, but it's honestly not. You don't ""own"" a company, and you don't ""own"" any industries. You literally just build lines for your vehicles and make/lose money. There is an economic model in the game, but it's basic. It's not like the Railroad Tycoon series kind of economy where it was rather advanced.One of the most annoying things that take away from the experience is when you need to upgrade your bus stations/train stations. When your cities grow, more people will use your lines and time advances so you get really nice and new stations, but you first have to destroy the old ones. Oh, and if you have buildings really close, you'll have to destroy those too before you build your new one!, which can be very costly! The game gets real finicky when you try to make/change: bridges, stations, crossings, and tunnels so beware! The game engine is not fully optimized since it's custom made for this game. So, be aware of that after many in-game years your cities will become large. And as they grow, your game will start to suffer in FPS. It doesn't matter how beefy your PC is, it will struggle to keep your FPS above 30 if you have a city with 1,000 people.The devs need to implement an upgrade system for your stations where you click once and hit 'upgrade' instead of making it harder to bulldoze and stuff, but that was just me from playing Railroad Tycoon 3.The PROSthe simulationthe amount of detailgraphics are good, although some others would disagree, but it's not about the realism in this caselots of vehicles (trains, buses, trucks, trams...)towns grow into large cities which makes for an interesting gaming experienceFREE DLC (USA DLC)mod support, and built-in modsmoddable config files which goes to my previous bulletThe CONSlaying track/roads can be tedious at timesupgrading roads/stations can be difficultno tutorials, scenarios, or opposing AIyou can lay track over road, but not road over trackgame optimization isn't the best for late game (low fps)My Rating: 8/10A good gaming experience if you're willing to put up with the finicky crap."
76561198019354251,Recommended,304730,12147603,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Jacko1144,"Right, it's been 2 weeks now since train fever was released, is it worth buying, short answer is YES. first few days i couldn't get it to work and when i did it was lagging like crazy, however the devs have worked tirelessly to improve the game.i've optimised my pc and it now runs pretty smooth with very little lag, you can also delete autosave games which was a pain from the start. there also is a big modding community out there which even at this early stage have really enhanced the game, I:E road/grass/water/tree textures, many more vehicles etc.please do not take much notice of the negative reviews because this game is amazing."
76561198049418378,Recommended,304730,13170599,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,bjoky,Sid Meiers Railroads meets the Railroad Tycoon series in this next gen train simulation game.8.5
76561198050542826,Not Recommended,304730,12479601,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Kornahn,"This game gave away all its potential and i'm sorry to say that, sucks in the long term.The key feature of the game - building tracks - is annoying and doesnt work properly like hell. If it works the way it should, it's totally hard to handle and not a useful tool. Given the fact, the devs advertised the game by pointing out the building tool, this is even more annoying.See, the trains ingame can't climb or decend steep slopes, which is perfectly allright, since this is the same in RL. This is why tracks often are build on a dam or an expensive tunnel is build. The thing ingame is that the building AI doesnt always build cost effective or with common sense. So you start building in small parts of the track just to find out, when coming to the end of the planned track (e.g. another station) you cannot connect it. Sometimes it's not even because of the terrain but because of nonsense like can't build a bridge, cant put a switch here and so on. It's so frustrating.There are various other reasons why the game is no fun, such as a very simple and monotone economy but the track building tool, which was highly advertised by the devs is the worst.I feel i'm playing an early access game. Other studios certainly wouldn't have sold that as a final.Hope this helped, deleting the game from my lib now."
,Recommended,304730,12006918,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,KilrBe3,"A game that is going to grow greatly, and has very helpful and supportive devs! So far my playtime with this game has been amazing, and I can't sum it up any better then that! But I will!The game excels greatly in being a fun loving Train focus Tycoon Business game. The mechanics are fun and simple to get the hang of once given the game time and to grow (in-game), so you see how things work. I have not played OpenTTD, which many that play Train Fever, are coming from / fans of. But I have played Banished, and Railroad Tycoon. Which are both what I would say Train Fever is if they had a baby IMHO! (Add oTTD, but I never played it :D so).Graphics and Sounds are amazing for the games custom built Engine. The details once zoomed in and watching your trains go, will look amazing to you! The sounds are also perfect and immerse right with the graphic detail. The music on the other hand. Its a huge hit & miss, you like it or don't. It's got some ""special songs"" that pay tribute to past games though ;)Now the flaws, as every great thing has one. It's still a tad fustrating at times for some things. Not as much for me, but more so from what I am reading closely from fans of OpenTTD. The things that work there for them, sometimes don't work here. For me, its a new experience, so I am learning and enjoying. The game offers few glitches and complications when comes to hilly terrain for track placement. Line Management is not solid completely for picking station platforms. Upgrading existing vehicles can be a pain if its not all at once (this is apparently fixed soon), along with Stations are not upgradable (being added shortly).Bottom line, a fantastic game that will grow strong with a already strong community!Oh did I mention Modding? Tons of it already! Why? Zee Germans LOVE Sim/Tycoons! So this game has a great Modding community already from Beta!Highly Suggested!"
76561198025470751,Recommended,304730,11988164,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,kandoivinay,"This review of mine is based on the latest version (build 5798).Train fever is unique in its gameplay. Each and every passenger and goods in the game have their own choice regarding their destination. Their choice is not fixed but depends upon your transport  network. Better a route, more chances of people travelling in that route.  They also may change vehicles in between their destinations.Its basically a Sandbox game and you are free to chose how you transport people (or goods). For example you might want to create 2 railway station in 2 cities to transport people. Alternatively you can build a railway station on outskirts and then transport people from various part of the city to the railway station from which they will be travel by train to another train station. Its all up to you. This freeform of gameplay is really addictive.Graphically the game looks awesome. Animations are superb and sound is quite nice. Specially the train sounds.The game also supports MODS, which means lots of user made suff is availableSINCE ITS RELEASE THE GAME HAS IMPROVED in terms of performance and user interface.However the downside of this games are:It still has performance issues specially on large mapsUser interface has issuesThere are very few industries in the game. However few mods are already availabe that increase varaiety."
,Recommended,304730,11982570,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,UnexpectedGreg,This game is awesome. I give this game a 4.5/5. The gameplay is addictive to say the least. :D
76561198032271268,Recommended,304730,11982478,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,synt@x,"Sure the release version has some potential for improvements. But the gameplay is totally different that I am expected, in a positive way! I started with medium map and medium difficulty. I was fighting for every Line and also to be up to date with the whole fleet.This game is alive and is way more interesting and challenging as OTTD.You need a different experience? Try medium or hard difficulty."
,Recommended,304730,13734626,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,nikeladuk,"I was put off at first from buying this due to its mixed reviews BUT! i am very happy i have now paid for this game as it really is a great game. There are only a few little picky points i could moan about but it seems the game programmers do listen to there customers and fix bug and issues. For me a few simple changes like at rail road level crossings they could have a little warning sound effect like they do in real life , The auto vehicle renew should have a ( select this vehicle for all my vehicle renewals ) and would love to see some sort of undo button or refund when placing rail lines as i seem to spend millions trying to get it right . or even a auto suggested cheap route to take between two points. and one last point more colours for different lines Anyway i'm happy i paid £11.99 for this game and off to play it some more :)"
76561198012758270,Recommended,304730,14331635,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,eagle,"So, you know, this is my first Review ever.I bought this game a week ago, date of this review is 05.02.2015.I have, at this time, 88h in the game, and i dont regret one single hour.This game, as it is, is a fresh feeling game for me. I tried a lot of games, i played a lot of games, and this game feels fresh and accesable to everyone from beginner to veteran.At this point, the game is very well playable and even after you know the drill of how to run your company, every game you start, feels different and gives you different options.In my Opinion this game is, atleast for the late game part, for people who got no problem with putting a lot of time into it to get that perect train connection, that perfect busline and so on.Of course, as it is with new games, it has some trouble to get through.For me, the most remarkable problem is the late game lag. I dont know if its just for me and my computer, but the Lag in the Late Game ( eg. Big Cities, lots of stuff going on ) gets annoying at time. There are some Bugs, but its nothing that would destroy your gaming experience, for example dont let you do certain things.I just want to note here, that the modding community does fantastic work and the devs are, at this point, working closely with the community and let them create stuff for the game, that they can then release in future updates and gives the devs more time, for vrious other improved.So, to sum it up, if you like a solid Tycoon game, that does nothing special, but what it does pretty decent, you like trains etc., you wont regret this game."
,Recommended,304730,34894628,Posted: 11 September,all,Krydoza,"I'm a Steam Bargain Bin Gamer, and I picked this title up for $2.99.  I have no regrets.Train Fever is a simple road & rail cargo/passenger transport game.  I've seen a good few people knock this game as being unpolished, but as someone who grew up in an age of developers early attempts at games not being 100%, yet still fun to play for the price, Train Fever fills that niche.  Even after playing roughly 10 hours of it, I know I'll probably pick up their follow up game, Trasport Fever, when I'm ready to move on from this game.If you enjoy transport tycoon games, but you don't feel like spending $40 for Transport Fever, I would recommend this game, especially if you can get it for under $10."
76561198066954800,Recommended,304730,14357656,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,1Incubus,"Frustrating, steep learning curb, and with some controls that would irk even Mother Theresa, this game will bring you joy and hours of fun once you get the hang of it.For what it's trying to attemp, it's a great game. It's fun seeing your trains come in and out of your stations, seeing them make a profit, seeing your towns grow and expanding your network. If you enjoy sim games, you'll enjoy this one.BUT, and it's a big one, it's not an easy game! Have this clear as you make your first map (maybe even the second map), you will fail. The tutorial is mediocre at best. Go online and find tutorials to help you figure things out. Building bridges and tunels is frustrating. Almost makes you feel like you actually need an engineering degree for it. However, once you get the game's logic and figure things out, it will become easier and less infurating. More over, it will bring tons of satisfaction as you (finally) figured out how to build bridges and passes and see them allow your trains continue their routes and bring in profit.Seriously, once you get things working, you'll have so much fun, a few hours will just banish and you won't even notice. I already have 65 Hrs on this game in just a couple of weeks.Again, give it a chance. If it becomes too frustating or difficult to play, just look up tutorial online. IT IS NOT AN EASY GAME."
76561198050498372,Recommended,304730,14247450,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sgt.Joker,"I Love how the devs, havent stopped updating and improving it!"
76561198080146198,Recommended,304730,12251451,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Fatty,8/10 Breddy Good.
76561197960816205,Recommended,304730,14789032,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,psycho,"I can clearly recommend this game. It's fascinating how your lines evolve over time and there is always something to do. At first it doesn't seem too complex, but as time progresses, more vehicles and other things unlock that you can use to improve everything again.Also the game is quite intuitive in my opinion and even I who hasn't played lot of simulations got a plan what to do."
76561198042672388,Recommended,304730,13291537,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Taiganator,"So, I pre-ordered this game, where do i find my game poster and soundtrack that was to be included?"
,Recommended,304730,13750391,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,John,"I could absolutely see why people would hate this game, but for me it's one of the comfiest games around. I just build my lines and watch the people board and disbark trains and trams. 11/10 would snuggle up to next to a fire."
,Recommended,304730,32658241,Posted: 22 June,all,Shrimpalimpa,"Pick it up on sale - It's a great time killer and typically cheaper than the more fleshed out ""Transport Fever"". There's not too much depth after playing it for a while, but I still have a lot of fun with it."
76561198005213750,Recommended,304730,18234572,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,partri cz,This game is just awesome!But seriously at a first glance the game principles was for me very hard to understand. I grow up with Transport tycoon so ...I thought it has so many bugs... but the problem was on my side. Since a changed my attitude to the game (its not TTD) then it rewarded me with a complete new world of opportunities.
,Recommended,304730,18125091,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Monterico Gaming TV,For the first attempt at a simulation train builder I feel that all the updates have brought the game a long way from 1 year ago when it was released. They even gave away a Free DLC to all owners with a large amount of new content. I would recommend to those who enjoy a fun getaway and building out some fun train networks. Check out my full play both the basics series herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jx916-RKZwY&index=1&list=PL2NZzDrzXcUuPGT0Q-U5fzUnoUGU4ETEyand the Hard Mode series here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LY_NkxJqOI&list=PL2NZzDrzXcUvg-mFbD4qQyfRIZEjXjGCw&index=1Thanks for Watching
,Recommended,304730,14704019,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Sven ☠ 2157,"Corporate espionage, saved my bus business!10/10Definitely recommend!"
76561198120695891,Recommended,304730,12004079,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Alien 480,"i like this game the only issues i had were when placing roads it almost ALWAYS gives you a collison or terrain error, making a tunnel with roads is impossible, road bridges cant be complex or it panicks and gives you an error because it feels like it, terrain errors being the most common like a small hill 3ft tall forces you to go around it cuz ""terrain alignment"" or ""collision"" error BS, trains are sometimes idiots when it comes to complex raillines and paths waiting a lot of the time at a station for the ENTIRE section at another station to be clear of another train as to travelling the distance and by the time it got there itd be clear, sometimes cant find a path to a depot when its a matter of just turning around on a track, the good transport system is bad cuz youll have oil on one side of the map and the only oil refinery on the other side of the map making it pricey to transport goods, MUSIC IS F***ING TERRIBLE WITH 16 songs repeated crappy electronica ALWAYS and being like 2mins long and just poorly made no real variety, also cities can be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you place a station build a track from one side and they will put buildings on the other side eventually so you must demolish them and the roads to build another track cost mucho denarosIts good though lots of trains, trams, and busses to pick, vehicle build dates make it so only 5 different trains are available for each time period so no steam trains in 1950 and no 1950 trains in 2000, also stuff can be SUPER expensive,  mods make it more fun with new trains, price adjusters, all trains + traincars at any point in time so steam trains in the year 2100 and electric trains in 1850, and even better goods system! HOPEFULLY they fix my issues. 7/10"
,Not Recommended,304730,33087243,Posted: 1 July,all,mr_j936,"I should have listened to the negative reivews... this game is simply unfinished... Would it have killed them to put shortcut keys for pause game? Trucks have to be set to haul a specific type of goods... I mean, what if I want to delivery iron and then haul back goods? You can't if the truck is set to iron... There is no indication as to when industries start producing or what makes them start to produce etc...It's just not fun,"
,Recommended,304730,27540199,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,General Jack Ripper,"When I was a kid, I got a Lionel train set for Christmas. I loved that train set, and spent months building a sweet layout, with hills, tunnels, and nice scenery.Keeping a train set in your house tends to take up quite a bit of space, but thankfully, this game Train Fever takes up no space whatsoever.Train Fever is not a fully-fledged transport simulator, it is best described as a ""Train Hobbyist Playground"". This role is fufilled beautifully, and the enormous amount of mods available for free can effortlessly expand your trainset beyond your wildest dreams."
76561198124669030,Recommended,304730,12126423,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,CSI48,"This game is Great !! i LOVE it . i cannot wait for further updates. this game is what iv'e been waiting for .A few ideas for the DEV's* American option ( cars / trains / Buildings )* If possable traffic lights at street intercections.* Train crossing Signals ( Crossing gates with lights )* more Cargo typesThese are just a few ideas i have.  Thank you to Mansen for his Youtube video's , for i woulda never heard of this awseome game if not for seeing what this game was about in the Beta videos."
76561197999652996,Recommended,304730,14678927,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,travi24,Absolutely love this game. Takes a bit of time to figure out the resouce usage. But by far the best game of this genre that I have found.
76561198007232061,Recommended,304730,13015228,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Pacs,"Im happy i got this game.I had to look up hints to make money on line.Its easy to lay racks.The instructions are minimun so i had to learn as i went.Its fun now and i enjoy it lots.7 out of ten.well done, im sure train fever 2 will be even better."
,Recommended,304730,14372775,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kommissär,I really enjoyed OpenTTD and this is OpenTTD but 20x better. The game has some bugs but nothing that takes away from the fun. 10/10 would play again.
76561197999134369,Recommended,304730,14673491,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,victor952uk,I found this game quite hard at first and aways ran out of money until I decided to start with goods and then the money rolled in with a huge 100million+ profit at one point.The graphics are very good and the game looks really nice and I am looking forward to the Amerian DLC which will expand game play.In general  I would recommend this game.
76561197976797306,Recommended,304730,13689705,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,gario,"After playing Locomotion heavily, I looked forward to the next generation of transport simulator with a large, 3D, gridless map, and here it is. Highly addictive and satisfying, and once you learn how to play, the few bugs (considering the complexity of the simulation) become minor deterrents. Can't recommend this enough!"
,Recommended,304730,13668421,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,🚂🚃Taschi🚃🚃,"Cautious recommendation. It's got trains in it so that's nice, but it has too many problems to be really great. Many people before me have mentioned how the terrain always screws you over while track building. Connecting rails in hilly areas is a chore, and the lack of an ""Undo"" button doesn't help. Building level crossings is a crapshoot, and building overpasses is even worse. It hardly ever works. The UI is a mess, with pop-up windows behind menu buttons, too many pop-up windows that open other pop-up windows that open other pop-up windows. Some drag'n'drop features here and some double clicks there could make a lot of stuff way more easy.That being said, it's got trains in it and that's nice. The creators obviously are enthusiasts and the game sometimes really gives you that model railroad feeling. If they continue to improve the game while adding new content, this could become the definite Transport Tycoon clone."
,Recommended,304730,14274836,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mulder,"There is actually so much to like about this game -- Line set up is very easy and the way other games should implement it- Time progression is great - you get to play through various eras- Town growth simulation seem pretty decent to me - I have no problem with it!- You get trains, trams, buses, trucks - not just trains!- Building rail lines are generally easy.What I don't like about the game:- There are very few vehicles available.  There's never really a choice to make - there is usually only one tram, one train, one truck or one train to choose (at some points trains give you maybe another option).  It would be great to have more vehicles without mods.- It's sometimes difficult to bridge or tunnel over or under tracks - it needs to be simpler.- This is temporary only maybe, but the issue that others reported where the game freezes on the 1st of each month started plaguing me since the update on 30 January.  That's made it almost unplayable for me.- More in-game tutorials or help is needed or just some easy to understand documentation.  I thought trains were useless until I did some extensive reading and watching loads of Youtube videos to fully understand how industry works.  At least all my trains are profitable now!- There should be something else to play for - I've pretty much got most of the achievements now - so not too much incentive to play a game.  Missions maybe or scenarios?Overall though, this game has kept me entertained far longer than most."
76561197970689498,Recommended,304730,14752098,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,TNZ,"I bought the game, installed it and then played every available moment until now, as I'm writing this.The game is magnificent, the visual engine is beautiful, the camera controls are great, the presentation of the enormous amount of complex data is very user friendly, the game is challenging and rewarding at the same time. I read older reviews mentioning bugs and crashes, I have noticed none of that. The performance is incredible considering the depth and bredth of the simulation. This game is a finished product now.Instead of mentioning what I miss about the game, I'll just say it's ready for expansions and DLC's, which I will buy. I'm hoping for:- Boats and seaports- Complete overhaul of the production and goods side of the game (more towards Sid Meiers railroads than TTD)I bought it at -66%, but this game is worth the full price."
,Recommended,304730,14836610,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Saazuka,"This is a very good simulation game; nice graphics, cool music, and I had fun focusing on one city that I wanted to build up before working on others that I connected to. It's very addicting and I spent hours trying to plan just the right layout. The only bad thing I can say is that I wish there were better tutorials for the game to explain how things like train signals and waypoints are used, or at least something in the game that explains what those things do and how they function."
,Not Recommended,304730,35012017,Posted: 16 September,all,Stormshado,"Game deserves the Mixed review status.TLDR; play OpenTTD.If you've played Railroad Tycoon, Transport Tycoon etc, this is a much-cutdown version of similar gameplay. Although it has flashier graphics, the gameplay and options available simply do not offer a full game.It's called Train Fever, but expect to be running horse-drawn carriages for the first hour or two of a game until you can amass enough to build some railroads.Building railroads is a mini-game in itself. Trying to build a a to b line on any sort of elevation will require trial and error, as the stations are long and flat, while the rails are tricky to join while changing elevations. Perhaps it's just me, but I ended up with a few tunnels and bridges, with half the stations built below ground level, on almost every RNG map.Not bad for $3, won't be trying the 'full' version they released as a new game."
76561198097785951,Recommended,304730,13593142,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Nicky,"Good game, while it has some features i'd wish they were there, there is no beter modern railway building simulator than this. Also the patches have been coming slowly, but steadily, so i'm happy with it."
76561198071903337,Recommended,304730,26071923,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mainline421,This game lacks in many aspects (you play as a nameless company with no brand or standard livery) but with a few mods fromtrainfever.netits surprisingly good game. Without mods though it is bit lacking.
,Recommended,304730,14554237,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Shell,I absolutely love this game. I've put more hours into it than any recent game. I've had zero issues running the game on my gentoo install. I'm using single GTX460 with 2x AMD 6172 cpu's.The continued support and updates make the game even better. I can't wait for the USA DLC.
76561198084697724,Recommended,304730,14747030,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,cusr15,"It was frustrating at first but after many hours, I love this game.  It takes some time to figure out the cargo and planning your routes for maxium profit.  You may even want to throw something at the screen when you figure out that you placed a passenger terminal at a cargo site.    I love trains and this seems to satisfy my need for building train sets."
76561198082652217,Recommended,304730,14712242,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,philippesimon31,"Once you understand the game's mechanics, it can be very involving. Windowing system could use some work as the screen gets easily cluttered. Just creating a basic tramline then watching my little tramway pick up passengers keeps me entertained for hours!"
,Recommended,304730,14747076,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Seaneeboy1,"To start off, at first I was skeptical about the game due to the mixed reviews. To be honest, I only bought the game because it was on sale, and thought, well it's cheaper than usual so why not give it a shot. I can only speak for the USA DLC, because naturally I live in the US and would like to see the trains and other options that are more localized for me. However, with that being said, I have genuinely found this game to be enjoyable, and would recommend it to train enthusiasts or management tycoon players alike. If you are a mixture of both, then you get even more out of it. The only rough side in my opinion is that I found myself on my phone for extended periods of time when I was waiting for new trains or unlocks, and due to that, the cash just flowed in - now I doubt money will even be a problem and I am only in 1910. With that said, I still continue to be excited for the next technological advancement and am pleased with my purchase. I hope too see this game continue to be added too."
,Recommended,304730,13609779,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dezaro,"Not the best 'tycoon' type game out there ... It's near impossible learning curve and unforgiving build/rebuild and perfection seeking costs are overshadowed but, the ability to actually perfect things in a controlled way as well as the graphics and general beauty of the game.Stick with it through the learning curve and you'll appreciate how great this game really is."
,Recommended,304730,29554868,Posted: 28 January,all,Rippan,"Alright, this is one addictive game. It definitely has a few flaws, and a steep learning curve on the economic model (It is demand driven rather than supply, like the old railroad tycoon games).I hated the game at first, but once you get over the learning curve it is everything I had hoped for from a modern day RR Tycoon. Ohhhh and the train graphics *♥♥♥♥♥♥*..."
76561198163338991,Not Recommended,304730,34025958,Posted: 4 August,all,Preza8,"This game looks gorgeous! The models are so detailed. I really enjoy just watching them go. I have to agree with other reviews though - the game is not finished. They moved over to their newer title so it will likely stay this way. If you enjoy just  trains then you will probably like this one. The other aspects are more or less lacking. This is kinda similar to openttd but a lot more realisticly looking and the physical world is a lot more similar to the real world. The construction UI will very often make you feel like the game does not like you. At all. Can I build this rail here? Nope. Can I build a junction here? Nope. Why   can I not make a crossing here? Nobody knows but you can't. Still fun to watch to trains go once I get something built. The UI has some cool concepts that I don't usually see in games of this kind. Regardless of what is good or bad about this game, you should probably not buy this but go for Transport fever if you feel like liking this. Alt+F4 key does not work properly - it does not exit to windows."
76561198099004795,Recommended,304730,17635503,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,fahd.ahm,"Much awaited railroad building game that i have been waiting for ever since the last RR Tycoon. Good graphics and a strong array of trains to choose from and not to mention the large landscapes on which one can make their own rail and transport network.a few quirks still exist such as the signalling system (which should only be one way and allow trains from the opposite direction to pass), the main roads fix (which doesnt allow you to upgrade the country roads) and probably a few more types of switches and track crossings which all exist in real life.a suggestion would be to have the player make his own platforms rather than using the preset layout in the game.edit:need more locomotives and wagons...not that there arent enough...but once you see the various mods...you wish they were available in game as well...yes it will mean a lot of work but i wish there were more types to play and experiment with. i dont want to be downloading mods all the time.ps:  an option to change the colour scheme of the trains and vehicles would be nice...just to add a bit of variety."
,Recommended,304730,17548473,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Seasons,"Train is a basic version of Transport Tycoon Deluxe (TTD) but with fancier graphics.I can help it to compare it to TTD.About the game concept, almost everything is the same with TTD. Since TTD provides better control of the traffic, Train Fever provides better graphics. I just play for three hours but wanting to explore more.The interface could've been better. With high resolution monitor the texts are difficult to read.If you're TTD fan, you can find the upgraded version with better graphics here. But don't expect too much."
,Recommended,304730,16068958,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,i are smarted,"this game bring me back to the old days of when i was MUCH younger and all i played was Chris Sawyer's Locomotion. in concept, this game is highly similar. You build routes, make money, and try to build a transportation empire for the ages. the main difference, and the thing i love, is that it feels like you have so much more control over what you are doing with your empire.the only real problem with this game is that it was put on full release way to early, as there were still many features to be added. But, the developer is stepping up, fixing bugs, adding features and actually listening to the community in what they want to see in the game and trying to make it happen. My big problem was the lack of x crossings for track, and they just announced it will be in the next patch, so after that i will probably be able to say with great confidence that i can put away the Locomotion disc and switch to this as my only transportation game!"
,Recommended,304730,14682545,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,DJ Seamuspmc,"Its pretty fun, especally if you've played games like Sid Meiers Locomotion or Railroad Tycoon. The graphics are excellent, and they just released a free USA DLC, which is lots of fun, expecally when you get tired of playing with the European Trains.Only real thing I dislike with this game is that building train tracks can be an exercise in frustration, expecally when you misalign the tracks and you have to delete and start the line over again. Of course you also have to pay for demolition, so you can run out of money just trying to build your track!"
76561198025707412,Not Recommended,304730,20879096,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,LP - Conker,"Game not finished.Help is missing, it's not possible to change the composition of a train once created, the train speed is not affeted by the payload, not leveling option for track is offered.I do not recommend this game and I miss Railroad Tycoon 3.Also only few industries exist.But at least the inner city transport work fine."
76561198017591764,Not Recommended,304730,12011581,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,a duck!,"Really wanting to like this game, I love the transport tycoon game....but sadly there has yet to be a game that comes close to that classic....this does not either.Graphics look great, but sadly there is little game play or any real purpose to the game.Management games like this need to give good feedback as to whether what you are doing is making any real difference and I feel that this information is missing or at best hidden.Then comes the performance of the game, often missing frames and freezing while selecting menu items...too much work being done in the GUI / event dispatcher thread perhaps?  Even loading a saved game just looks like the UI has frozen and is unresponsive for a couple of minutes, while the game loadsToo much attention to graphics in this game at the very small scale and little to the UI or actual game play in my opinion.Surely you can improve on, or at least match the classic Transport Tycoon...seriously was that really 20 years ago"
76561198007107520,Recommended,304730,14818521,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Freelancer,Great game similar to the old game locomotion.
76561198151847979,Recommended,304730,14370530,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Aeromidgit,I've played loads of tycoon games; sim city right up to Open TTD. I love this game yes it's not complete and there are still bugs but its great fun and the modding community is amazing.
76561197970999694,Recommended,304730,13609039,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,renfe,"A total surprise. I played for hours the first time I launched it. Really fantastic, fun train simulation -- with buses and trams to get goods around cities & to stations. Seems to be modeled after the original Railroad Tycoon (which is a good thing), it lets you build tracks and schedule trains, and actually has signalling, something which later RR Tycoon games ""optimized"" away. The early years have slow trains, and you have to patiently build up your company. Expand too fast and you'll go broke. The graphics are gorgeous, tons of detail, fast.Some aspects are a little rough, clearly parts of the UX were an afterthought, but these aren't critical to the game."
,Recommended,304730,17495338,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Paikia,"I really liked Sid Meier's Railroads. When I discovered Train Fever and decided to buy it, I really hoped it would be a worthy successor, as Sid Meier's Railroads is pretty much an antique by today's standards. I've been editing this review quite a few times as I've been playing and learning the game, and after playing for around 25 hours, I believe I finally have a good enough perspective to give a thorough and fair review.The positive points:1) The game is, or at least *should be*, fun to play, if and when it works properly. Needless to say, I wouldn't have wasted 25 hours playing a game I didn't enjoy playing, so that fact speaks for itself.2) The vehicles look good, graphically. I can't judge for myself how accurate and realistic they look, but by reading other reviews and comments, I got the impression the developers did quite a good job about that.3) The soundtrack is nice and fun to listen to while playing.The negative points:1) The performance is *really* bad. I have a decent PC. Nothing too fancy or cutting-edge, but enough to run most modern games smoothly on medium-high settings (Cities: Skylines, for one). Train Fever, on the other hand, barely works. It starts out okay, but as soon as the cities get a little larger than their starting size and there are over 30-40 vehicles moving, the game stutters constantly. I read somewhere that the main reason for that is that the game only uses one CPU core, as it doesn't support multi-core. All in all, the game seems not to use the hardware resources it has, which implies poor programming.2) The interface is very uncomfortable, there are no tutorials or in-game beginner-friendly guides to help understand how the game works. The information screens are vague and confusing. You pretty much need to learn the basics by trial and error, which is quite frustrating, considering you also have to struggle with the lousy performance while at it. I work as an accountant and I deal with companies' financial reports on a daily basis, but even I have been having troubles figuring out the financial data the game gives me about my company. Totally counter-intuitive. Needless to say, I know practically nothing about engineering or anything related to trains, which seems like a serious disadvantage when playing such a game. I've managed to improve a bit in my track building skills, but I'm still pretty clueless about how the cargo industries work, and the little I do know - I had to learn from a guide I read online. The little information the game gives about that is so cryptic, that it made me wonder what the developers had in mind when they released the game in such a state.3) Not enough content. There are no AI competitors, no random events, no side-quests, missions or anything else to make the game more interesting. While the game could be interesting enough without all those things (if it worked properly), they would sure be an important addition.All in all, I only recommend this game to hard-core fans of the genre, and even then - I'd suggest waiting for it to go on sale. For anyone else, I'd suggest to pass on this game. Not worth it.===========EDIT (August 7, 2016):While I stand by my analysis of the game, I decided I've been enjoying the game so much (as evident by my play-time counter, that has already passed the 100 hours mark), that it would be unfair on my part to leave the negative rating as it is, so I'm about to flip it to positive."
,Recommended,304730,15048970,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Cleaver,"Train fever feels like it hasn't reached its full potential yet, that said I still think it is worth a play. There are a few things I would like to see improved such as more diverse freight loads, more trains and vehicles and better track tools. As it stands I can't make a double crossover which means to make large station crossovers takes a huge amount of space to achieve. The patches have made a big difference and the new US DLC which is free has added more to the game. The game would also benefit from the Steam Workshop if it was intergrated as there are already a large amount of mods available for this game.There are other transport builders out there but I think Train Fever is still a good buy if its on sale. If you love transport games then you shouldn't look passed this title."
,Recommended,304730,13699738,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SGTSylver,"I don't have any other train gaming/sim experience so my opinion is only off of this game and not how it compares to others. Also, I'll add some minor tips/spoilers at the bottom for new players.The game is fun and initially very challenging. The lack of tutorial information or quality ""let's play"" guides and videos left the learning/discovery pretty much to trial and error. But the process was fun and because it was challenging it caused me to want to do it more. One initial trial game on small/flat/easy allowed most of the advanced features to be figured out. And FYI to all new players the videos and forum posts on creating bus routes and cargo lines was all based on the AI prior to recent patches. My experience did not show those tutorials as being accurate and was a bigger source of frustration than anything in the game itself.The game is more difficult initially than most maybe, but as long as you like the city/world management types of games but on a transportation level you can spend some enjoyable hours on it.  The graphics are good and it is neat to follow your trains/vehicles around, especially across that bohemoth bridge you built just for the sake of doing it.Spoilers/Noob Tips:• Build rails in small steps to avoid heavy $$ costs.• Local bus routes are keys to developing a prosperous city, and may not be lucrative themselves.• Big picture perspective is needed to get you through the long game.• Not all resources are to be connected to a town or factory• Most resources should NOT be connected via rail, early on anyway.• Signals and waypoints are your friends, use them"
76561198018001764,Recommended,304730,14286724,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,<HUN> Cyric,"The game is good, basically above average. It still has some issues, like in performance (which will be fixed later on), quite bad random map seeding, poor base game environment, station and vehicle selection, and very simple industry system, but the developers are very open to the modding community, which can really enhance the game even at this stage. It's not that easy to learn (but not even that hard), and you can really live your own strategies. If you like management games in general, or Transport Tycoon, you may like this game too."
,Recommended,304730,14669527,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ineiger,"Its a really good game, very simmilar to Sid Mayer's Locomotion Tycoon. The only thing I wish it had was a way to invest in cities to make them grow bigger/faster and more locomotives. Other than that, it is an absolutly fabulus game with a great engine."
,Recommended,304730,15702901,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Dux Galt,"I feel like Dagny Taggart, the games biggest fualt is it can be easy. but the simulation is solid and the game looks great."
,Recommended,304730,19226615,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,JiN#EXiA,"Likely Railroad tycoon game, with awosome graphic and sound."
76561198033743432,Recommended,304730,20255420,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,skier,Great simulator goes back towards the good old times of transport giant tycoon.
76561197975854598,Recommended,304730,13590511,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,RICHARD M.NIXON,"Its a long time we had a decent train game a la Railroad Tycoon etc. Its not perfect but with every update its becomes better. If you like to make trains run on time, you should like this game."
,Recommended,304730,16362291,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Informal Informant,"Good transport tycoon game for the price.Pros-procedurally generated maps-deatailed trains-easy to use UI-great graphics-fun-free DLCCons-laggy at times-the UI is blocky and gets in the way at times-there are only four industries-the industries are hard to use(in my expirience at least)-after you payoff your loan, the game has little piont then to prefect your lines, but thats difficult because...-the easy to use track system, can be anoying at timesSeggustions-put people in the bus carts(its anoying seeing them empty when it says there full-make industries easier to use(maybe its just me who thinks there difficult to use)-more trains that have different roles(ex.some that can pull alot of frieght, but suck at pulling passengers)-less stupid people that walk from town to town after you built a train-easier track placement(if possibe)-more track slope posibilities(that effect speed up them so we can have track go up mountains)This game is great, but it does need a bit of work7/10"
76561198013723081,Recommended,304730,19465557,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,RPG Gamer Man,"This game is not for a stategist. In fact if you ever played the A-Train series, this is actually similiar, but an easier version of it. If you ever played A-Train and thought of it as too hard, then this game is for you. Many things in this game are like A-Train, but this game is fun in it's own way. The only hard part is using the trading system, and alot of people wrote such great guides on here about it, it should not even be a problem. This is not a game for a kid, but it is not a super strategy hard game either like A-Train is. This game is in the middle of the track, easy on some parts, hard on some others. There is also a great modding community for this game if you wish to add extra trains to your game and other things. This will waste many hours playing it."
76561198123959084,Recommended,304730,14727916,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,FsAviX,"awsome game, worth every cent"
,Recommended,304730,14780626,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Arkayo,"4 Passangers pay $4.5K to go from one end of town to the other.11/10 realistic London City simulatorFor realsies: Classic transport sim. Works well, great fun, but it is obvious not finished yet. I've had a lot of fun so far, so definitely reccomend it.Some small things:- Music starts playing every time at strart up - no disable feature- Yes - sometimes railroad placement sucks, but do it in two phases and it's fine!- Optimalization wise, it could use some more. My pc is definitely not budget but struggled with it during early game."
,Recommended,304730,14730828,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,mcmt,"Best tycoon-style game since Transport Tycoon Deluxe. Ideal game for Transport Tycon Deluxe players generation; quiet, peacefull, relaxing. Simple mechanics and beautiful views, perfect for modeller wannabe like me, with no time for modelling. Thank you for this game! GJ!"
76561197972180550,Recommended,304730,14680089,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Santapause,"A good game, and getting better with relatively frequent updates. Well worth it, in my opinion, even though it has its quirks and faults"
,Recommended,304730,21060980,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,wadallat,"I was in doubt when I saw the mixed reviews, but this sale brought the price down from £20 to £3. If you like management and transportation games, then it worth the reduced price. Easy to learn (there is a tutarial, tooltips plus many guides), nice graphics, relaxing game. Could benefit from a bit more complexity to keep things more interesting on the long run I guess. I feel once I figure out how everything works then. I only played 14 hours so far so there might be surprises later on.For me £3 = 14h of fun time with this game (+ probably many more), good value."
76561198007795163,Recommended,304730,12277367,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Manx,A fun little game with diffrent challanges and exciting ways to play.
76561197968320491,Recommended,304730,21236210,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,barbayako,"After seeing the game get bad review one after the other. I thought this had to be a crap game. Boy was I wrong. I grew up when Transport Tycoon Deluxe was a big thing. All I have to say is, this is the one for the transport crazy sim lover."
,Recommended,304730,25597035,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,neffam3[BA],"Among the great transport games. A great take on the classic transport tycoon, but with a focus on trains like locomotion! I like it and cannot wait for transport fever. If you like games like this, buy it, please, I never regret my purchase whilst on a fever binge."
76561197994634522,Recommended,304730,12062541,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Migbart,"Game is nice, but if this TERRAIN ALIGNMENT COLLISION problem doesnt get fixed, I will definetly not have the patience to continue playing..."
76561197999501275,Recommended,304730,19729368,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Tynesider,"If you ever played Transport Tycoon many years ago, then this game will be very familiar, in style/gameplay and probably an enjoyable experience for you too.Personally i love it but im prepared to delve deep within the games micromanaging options and get the most out of my transport links.If you are looking for a city building game, this is not the right choice but if you are looking to get amongst the gritty details of transport links and management, well then buy this, as their is no substitute for a game in this genre and quality, known available currently. To myself anyway.Thumbs up and many more hours will be spent fine tuning my transport routes."
,Recommended,304730,24063979,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[NORD] Eodrian,"Not perfect and rather simple, but awesome soundtrack, calming and still challenging gameplay."
76561198098926432,Recommended,304730,14690264,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,pete,"I was worried about some of the negative reviews, but paid full price for this and do not regret it. At the current sale price this is a no-brainer. It is a lot of fun, and thoroughly absorbing. Not the easiest game to get to grips with at first, and quite challenging to suceed at. Sufficient depth to keep you wanting 'one more go'. A lot of fun, and it looks and sounds great.  Recommened to anyone wanting to try to build and run their own transport empire!"
76561197967418031,Recommended,304730,14705786,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Casey Jones,it's the best Transport tycoon game since Giant 2 .
,Recommended,304730,14592656,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,thewebbernator,What Railraod Tycoon and Sid Mierer's Railroads should have been. Transport tycoon for the 3d era. Sound track alone is almost worth the asking price.
,Recommended,304730,14689811,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,mockier,"Train Fever AKA Stage Coach Fever. Because you will make your early money that way, building train lines is expensive!I got this during the $11.89 sale. Have played a bit but am making money.Went with a default map in USA dlc (free). started arround the middle where I could see resources and a factory near a town. Built a Stage coach route in the town with 7 stops. Also built goods stops right next to a coal and iron mine, plus one next to a steel factory. Built a new road direct to the town plus a stop on the edge for dropping off goods. Minimal number of vehicles to start as there is a delay while deman builds.When I built my stations built them on the outskirts of town so they would be away from any new houses that could appear. Linked them via my stage coach line so people pay me to go to the station. Built another stage line in the next town to funnel passengers between the stations.Working better than it did in Quill18's youtube play through last year. I like the cancel option when laying track and roads. Would like a warning symbol to indicate a tunnel will be built. Love that the track shows the speed limit as you lay track."
,Not Recommended,304730,28816961,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Spitfire,"It was on sale for $3, and I've been wanting this game for a year or so. Had I paid more, I would have been really upset. Look elsewhere, don't waste your time or money--not a suitable replacement for the aged Railroad Tycoon. If you really need an outlet for your OCD, you'll love this game, otherwise stay away. Maybe the developers should consider polishing their UI, it causes a steep learning curve and is really unattractive."
76561198148819930,Recommended,304730,20046095,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FullofPastabilities,"I hesitated on buying this game because of the mixed reviews, but ultimately I'm glad that I bought it. It's not quite a Transport Tycoon replacement, but it's a step in the right direction, and there's still a lot of fun that can be had from the game. I don't think the price adequately reflects the value of the game, however, so if it's on sale or if the regular price falls to below $15, it's worth a try.A number of newer negative reviews point to how the developers plan to discontinue supporting the game in early 2016. While disappointing, the openness about the limitations of Train Fever (particularly in terms of being able to mod elements of the game) gives me hope that a sequel game would be built from the ground up to be modded.I enjoyed the game. Maybe not as much as I would have enjoyed a perfect, 3D recreation of Transport Tycoon, but I feel satisfied with my purchase. And hopefully the amount I feel that I overpaid for the title is working toward the development of the game I wanted to play. I remain optimistic."
76561198085203843,Recommended,304730,19290005,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,raven103,"The ammount of negative reviews makes it seem like this is a bad game, but in reality it is an amazing game. I bought this game the day it came out, and it has improved majorly. There are still a few problems like it freezing sometimes but overall its a good game. A lot of people complain that there aren't enough trains. Really? I see plenty of trains you morons. Oh by the way, if the trains in game dont satisfy you, go to the train fever community mods and download some for christ sake.overall a great game and I love it. 9/10"
76561198180561901,Recommended,304730,21862847,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,saulGman,"Not really a review as such; but I do wish to point out that this is a 'fun' train 'simulator'.Sure there are problems with the coding that can bug the hell out of you - no pun intended... honestly!  And there are simulations (name withheld), that perhaps do a better job of 'simulating'.  But hey!   When you get one of those 1950 era electric locos pulling 5 carriages into a station.... oh sigh.... the graphics make up for it.  For the most part I don't mind the way you can/can't change terrain etc. it still looks good to me and works well 9 times out of 10.    I won't go into the 'little' details as enough has been said on those.  What I want to get across to people is it is a 'fun' game with really nice train 'pixels', yes I am using old terminology here but run with it.... I'm old - seriously do young people even 'get' trains? LOL.  And yes I know... using too many quotation marks.Never played OpenTTD, suspect I'd probably quite enjoy it.   BUT, from the sound of things it is outdated graphics wise, which is why I am happy with  TF.  I like to just sit back and watch the loco pull the cargo up the hill towards the destination.    If there was one thing I'd really like to be implemented, it would be a loco POV.    Other than that, I'm really happy with the game - and yes, as many people have pointed out.... steep learning curve, but well worth it my friends.  AND.... if you are not happy with the vanilla... there are PLENTY of mods that can help with that.My first 'review'.  But in all honesty this game is a keeper.  I live in Oz, so I pay more for Steam games, and I'm still happy with the price tag.  If I were a Kiwi, I'd be whinging though; because it costs them twice as much in sheep  :-p"
76561198075321754,Recommended,304730,12040851,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,adrenalinentertainmentuk,"Train Fever has potential. It could be better if it followed what Sid Miers Railroad did - where you could buy industries /have shares and use the stock market. Also quicker upgrades would be good.Great first game from the developers, hope you can add some of these improvements over time."
76561198025060621,Not Recommended,304730,28176822,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Use the Force Harry - Gandalf,"You'll spend most of your time managing bus routes to build up enough cash to build a single train route. It's tedious and boring. It might get better, but after several failed attempts to transition from boring and tedious buses to actual train routes I gave up."
10987321679854367,Not Recommended,304730,24673406,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Thedillon25100,"This game... It has it ups and down, dont get me wrong i do enjoy it alot somtimes.Pros:Good gameplayImmersive sounds.Cons:PerformancePriceNo MultiplayerLimited amount of Road vehicles.Limited amount of content, only a western europe and usa setting.Overall for the price wait for it to go on sale for 10-15$ for that price i would recomend this game since its content then fits the value. Cheers!"
76561198002382226,Not Recommended,304730,15595950,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,bullybeef,"Having owned Train Fever since before Xmas, and played it long enough to earn a reasonable about of money, I have to say I'm finally disappointed. Firstly the time cycles are outrageously swift - it can take days, weeks, decades and months for vehicles to move around the map, and eons to increase product demand of the various services. But what has really broken the camel's back is the road and rail building mechanics.I've played many similar games, as I'm sure most people interested in the genre have, but laying a roads, rail and especially bridges or tunnels is way too fussy and time consuming. Add that to how quickly the time elapses, many years will have passed whilst you try to understand why portions of a bridge turn red when there's nothing noticeably obstructing it.  Finally, the costs to demolish buildings and road to make way for redevelopment are ridiculously priced. Hundreds of thousands to remove a small building is unrealistic and punishing if you're struggle to make money. All in all, the transport/city building genre is making serious comeback - Paradox seem to be leading the way with the likes of Cities In Motion, and I cannot wait to play their new title Cities: Skylines.Having watch footage of the latter, when it comes to the simplicity of building and redeveloping, it should be the least tasking portion of a game, and I'm afraid Train Fever has really understood this. I was really looking for to the game and the replayability factor. Since it's been a couple of months since I last tried TF, I had hoped my concerns would have been noticed and perhaps updates to improve the building mechanics - unfortunately the issues remain. I do hope this can be improved upon after this published my review. As things stands, there are better options than Train Fever."
,Not Recommended,304730,30105773,Posted: 22 February,all,=7Cav=CPL.Joseph.B(Stoned Raider,This game was only made so that they could get some cash.... to make BETTER game that is actualy good. DO not BUY this game. it runs bad and they have not tryed to fix or improve anything as that would mean there is no reason to make Transport fever.I would NEVER have bought this game knowing that they werent going to support it and INSTANTLY move onto making a diffrent game (the game this should be).WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY. and now i will NEVER buy transport fever because then i would have paid for two games and gotten one playable game. its disgusting!!
76561198009009599,Not Recommended,304730,28172888,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,alsmoo,"UPDATE:  I have played this again for a few more hours this week to see if I could get into it, and i just cant. the Train AI is terrible, signals are poor and dont work, and the game bugs out if you get far into it and put it up too high speed. DONT BUY< get somthing else..WAS an ok game, think modern RailRoad/Transport tycoon games. Plenty of depth,and looks good too. Its a true sandbox game though, no story or missions, no AI companies. The track layer builder is abit naff, and not very intericate,few bugs in late game... Its an ok game though. The UI is easy to pickup, and its simple to understand.  HOWEVER< the dev basically took everyones money from this game an instead of good updates, they made a new game, which is pretty much what this game should of been. SHAMEFUL, 2/5"
,Not Recommended,304730,24914357,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,dinth1906,"Devs should really focus on fixing this game first, before making Transport Fever.Right now it's simply unplayable. No way of building road crossings on rail trucks? Really i need to demolish rail truck first, then build a road and put rail truck again over the road to make road crossing? No way of making any slopes with train trucks? Even if i make a railway through whole map, both endings need to be on exactly same level, same with railroad between - this will be just tunnels and bridges, becase whole truck needs to be on same level?That's actually very sad because this game has a huge potential, it's cute and we it's the first real Transport Tycoon clone in ages, but unless it's fixed to be at least playable i dont recommend buying it"
76561198021822682,Not Recommended,304730,13867694,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Stealthy,"As much as i would like to recommend this game, i can't. If it would be cheaper and in clear early access sale then it would be a great thing to go for. Unfortunately it is sold as a finished product and most of the time on full price.Game can offer you a decent amount of interest and even some challenge, but so many annoying features and even more so, missin features, are driving you nuts in the later game. Performance gets killed at later game and you may have to wait 10-15 seconds for the calculations to be completed at the end of each month. And since the month is less than a minute long, you get the idea what it is like... And during the month performance isn't that great either.Lot of graphical bugs, onlogically working build tool, not enough information, no X junctions on railways, no road over rail build etc. are seriously limiting the great fun factor. Selection of vehicles is poor in the main game and only with mods it will get interesting. Also the latest update introduced a feature which doesn't allow player to delete certain roads which game classifies as a main connection. So you can't fully do what you want to do, which is how this game actually was sold at the beginning... So, if you are looking for fun and Transport Tycoon or Railroad Tycoon kind of experience, keep on looking. If you want to be a part of the beta team and get constantly frustrated then join us unfortunates, who went and bought this game at its alpha stage.Edit 13.01.2015:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=365263326Bridge not possible.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=374286491Excellent AI road…http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=374286758Tunnel build 1http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=374286890Tunnel build 2, buggy as hell.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=374287049Road you can deletehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=374287200Need bypasshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=374287539Tunnel bugIt’s quite clear with all this kind of issues at the game that It’s far from well thought well polished game. Devs should step up and admit that it’s still an alpha at it’s best and should not have been released for at least another year. And that they didn’t plan what they set out to do well enough. Harsh, but true. I really really would like to like this game, but more you play, more you get frustrated with its shortcomings."
,Not Recommended,304730,15178233,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,David Kolář,"Very good thought, but very badly done. Graphic and models are nice, but build anything is really pain in the a**. It really ruins the game, because after several dozens of minutes you will end up in deep depression, because you find out that nice track you built is screwed up and you can't fix it, because game won't let you or don't undestand what you want to do. This bad design feature is even more screwed up by missing UNDO function, which means everything you make bad (rule here is 10 times bad, after that you maybe find the right combination) costs you in game money.For example, I wanted to replace track junction with single track (detach the branch). I couldn't remove only branch, I needed to remove whole junction and place new short track instead of that deleted junction. But what happened? Game says, I can't place track there because of bad terrain. How it is possible? There was juntion few seconds ago! But what that means for me? I can destroy whole track layout around the junction because I can't fix that missing piece of track. It really pi***d me off and I turned of the game!It's absolutely unbelievable, that train game is unable to make track crossing, bridge above the another track, or underpass under track. If you want to cross over another line, you need to join them with junction and than make another junction in another opposite direction. this means, it is impossible to cross two perpendicular tracks, because of limited curvature you need lot of space to make those tracks parallel and then turn it again to original direction.On top of this, bad optimization of this graphicly simple game causes stuttering and big FPS drops even on machine, which is able to run new titles on Ultra. And I can get 60 FPS only from top view. When I move angle to see far, it drops below 20 fps. I really don't get what calculation this game can do on background.Really, this game should be Early access and there is a lot of work to do. But it seems, devs are not interested to much polishing. But I think they rather work on Train Fever 2, that turning Train Fever into useable game.So to make a decision - this game has very big potencial, if will be continuously improved in future. But I am afraid, it will not. For now, you will be much more satisfied, if you will play OpenTTD for strategy, or Train Simulator for graphic."
,Not Recommended,304730,23693883,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Vaupell,"I feel the developers has left the game unfinished and with little or limited changes since launch of early access.I was with train fever very early, followed it through it's development.Didnt even notice it going from early acces to released because the changes was minimal.I actually exspected much more content than what's there now.I played Train fever 2 days ago thinking this is great, shame it's still in development,then i checked the forums learned about transport fever, and hell.Not to mention the price, remember this is a single player indie title with NO AI competition.You are soloing it all the way, more a simulation rather than a game.I feel screwed, ignored and i did not get what i felt was promised, so ..I won't be buying ""Transport fever"" until some sort of 50% off and then again not even then.Fool me once...  GG.."
,Not Recommended,304730,17529437,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,RunTowardsDanger,"This game gets 5 out of 5 for most dissapointing purchase of the year. There is so much potential here to be a top of the line logistics/transport simulator. Yet I find myself crushed under the weight of the poor interface.I can put up with the fact that it takes many, many, many clicks just to place a short peice of road. Or the fact that laying track is the worst experience of my life.But what really grinds my gears is when I get a popup notification letting me know that my vehicle has reached it's life expectancy and should be replaced, and then when I click the notification, there is no option to replace it from the vehicle menu. Only to send it back to the depot where I have only one option, to sell it. Not a damned thing about replacing it. So now I have to sell it, and buy a new bus, and then select the line I want that bus to run. Instead of simply clicking ""replace vehicle with"".   Needless to say, managing more than 5-10 vehicles quickly becomes a nightmare.And there are not even simple features that add depth and personalization to the game such as naming your own company, or picking a logo, or at the very least a color!   Nope, your just some business without a name, connecting the world because you can.Also, I love it when sometimes the WASD keys, and somtimes the arrow keys stop working when I want to move around the map. Forcing me to mouse zoom in and out a couple times to ""jog"" the games memory a bit and let me use the keys again.I bought this on sale, and I'll remain hopeful that it improves. However this game has had many bad reviews from others before me and nothing seems to be improving. Don't buy this unless it's on sale, and even then, still don't buy this."
76561198039977134,Recommended,304730,12021217,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,rosenblm,"Initially I disliked the game because of the amount of bugs at release.  However the developers have been very robust with support and adding new content to the game.  I still has a lot of problems, but I have grown to appreciate it."
,Recommended,304730,14286179,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,thphwh,"Still improving, still lots to be done. So far so good."
,Recommended,304730,14321520,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,PVRS Productions,Train Fever is a good game with good graphics. But i warn you: Don't change the settings for the screen. i changed it to windowed then tryed to change it back but i chose the wrong screen setting and now the game covers up the settings and Exit button
76561198030565041,Recommended,304730,14931613,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Kazoom,"Coming from OTTD, this game is much more realistic, which limits how crazy you can build, but it's still very fun. On hard mode the game offers a real challenge (unless focusing on steel only).At launch this game was disappointing and buggy, but the devs have really come through with alot of great patches and this great free USA DLC."
,Recommended,304730,15022350,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,doomwalk3r,"So far this game is enjoyable - it's tough to grasp the way the game works. You're used to these kind of games working a certain way.There are still some things that I think need tweaked/fixed/updated. The UI especially, but it's worth putting the time in to work around these features."
76561198063987261,Recommended,304730,15333387,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Mrps T334,the game here is good for $34.99I've TGFM that does the mods and It how games should run modsthe games has some bugs but is close to been Relesed!to sum it up I whould say...Revothigergummy (Duck from Thomas the Tank and Friends talking about Diesel)
,Not Recommended,304730,33639404,Posted: 18 July,all,MoeBDig,"I like train games and simulations and thought this is the game to go to.It still might be, but I didnt figure out how it works. I am not willing to put more than one hour into how to place rails properly.Needs a Turtorial!"
76561197970518161,Not Recommended,304730,34927950,Posted: 13 September,all,Wind_Commander,I normally enjoy these type of games and it's easy to lose time playing this but hugely disappointed with the lack of support and additional content. Luckily I didn't spend a lot on this as it just seems lacking in content when it could've so much more...
76561198144578545,Not Recommended,304730,35178399,Posted: 24 September,all,Danielmann,its poorly made. it runs like sh*t. i havent played for long but i recomend you buyin it on a sale. i bought it for about 2$ and i think its bearly worth those 2 bucks
76561198034599830,Recommended,304730,35130428,Posted: 22 September,all,voyddd,For me it was fun as long as I stuck to road transport. I reached 50mil then decided to add some trains around. I got bankrupt within next decade.Buy it when it's on sale.
,Recommended,304730,21391252,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,wvbigdave,This game is awesome! I just wish the developer was going to work on more DLC for it or a sequel would be nice as well. I think they done a great job considering how they started. I hope more games come out from them that has the same entertainment value as this one did. Can't wait!
76561197976349410,Not Recommended,304730,35386963,Posted: 1 October,all,sneekeejedi,"I really wanted to like this game.  I was looking for a modernized version of Transport Tycoon.  This had the potential to be it, but it failed on the interface and bugs.  Some of the highlights:-Spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to install a rail system nobody uses and there is no help as to why they aren't using it.-Issues installing rails at every step.  Either giant tunnels or huge bridges spend all your money way too fast.Overall it's just too frustrating to play.  I want to like it, but i just can't."
,Recommended,304730,19512339,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Semi,"I don't know why this game is rated so low. Well, game has some bugs, it could have some more depth, I have lots of great ideas what this game could have that it does not.But even when this is not even near to be complete game, this is yet one of my favorite manager game.I'm not really sure what it is that makes this so nice game. Mac/Linux/Windows support is one important thing, you can play on your Mac and transfer savegame to PC and continue on there.Also game does not need so much from hardware, it is not violent one and it is nice way to spend some time.I hope that devs are working with this one and fixing those problems there is. Also workshop would make this game really great.But I know that many people don't like easy games like this, but I do. That's why I recommend this game."
76561197993744869,Recommended,304730,19528957,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,pyetterh,Totally recommend. The only thing: please put more dlcs and possible combined cargo delivery.9/10
,Recommended,304730,16443958,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Foxy,I like it but performance is bad once you have more trains wth is going on there? 6 out of 10 would be 8 out of 10 if the performance was better with many trains...
76561198256346452,Recommended,304730,25085371,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Mars Mullo,I started playing train fever thinking I would get bored of it.. but was pleasantly surprised how adictive this game is. The wanting need to succeeed and make a transport mega business of my own keeps me going. This game get a high rating from me. Freight is quite hard but hey something has to keep you challenged. Some track laying aspects are difficult but a  quick research within the community nad yiou quickly learn how to work around that. And all thos problems are to be ironed out in Transport fever..  cool game.
,Recommended,304730,16376404,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,AllGamer,"Not Bad, Not Bad at allAt first look this game it appears simple, but once you sink into it, several hours goes by without you even realizing that it happened.My kids love trains and this game does an excellent job at that."
76561198075277696,Recommended,304730,16238498,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Pawel (LINUX),Great! Finally a good competitor fo OTTD!
76561198063902743,Recommended,304730,16376411,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Lone Wolf,amazing game .. cant stop playing it .. even with all the mods that are available .. keep up the good work
,Recommended,304730,14252726,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Mlafferty1993,"despite all the negative reviews i have read about this game i will say its not bad if your dont set expectations of the game. saying that, there is work still to do on the game. the cargo transportation part of the game is glitchy at best, but the passenger transportation seems to be well on its way to being solid. Personally i think this game has some of the best train models i have seen in a game that isn't strictly developed as such (Train Simulator). If i could add anything to this game outside of the cargo situation being fixed would be to add A.I. competition as playing by yourself will only keep you entertained for so long. To sum everything up i will give this game a 6/10.  could easily be a 8/10 if all the bugs could get worked out of it though."
76561198047752428,Recommended,304730,14954058,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,topace88,"The developers are committed to addressing concerns of the community.It is a fun game, and if you are into trains, mass transit, or business simulations, you should enjoy."
76561198037130650,Recommended,304730,14726165,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,hollandmajor,"Although the game is hard in the beginning and there is limited help from the game itself,it will be both a challange and a experience to play it, once you controll it,Of course there are things to be improved, like the industy chain, but alsorailroadcrossings or roadlayers are sometimes stres♥♥♥♥ing becouse it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Still, i would advice the game, as a challanging, but not complete game, though fun to play."
76561198028148235,Recommended,304730,16034229,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,jmtanzillo,"I've started playing and trying to learn & understand the game mechanics.  It is interesting and has some of the same aspects of Railroad Tycoon but it is definitely different in other aspects.  So far it has kept my interest but I need to play a few more hours to see how the my game develops.I did buy it at the most recent discounted price since I was not willing to pay full price for a game without a short demo version.  I realize that there is some expense to creating a demo version but sometimes it is good for potential buyers to get a bit of a taste before spending money to buy it.UPDATE on 5/29/15 - I highly recommend reading through the guides.  After reading how to set up the train and road network for passengers, I was able to make money and even pay off the $3M loan.  I now understand how to expand the railroad and road networks before running out of money. Next up is to learn how to do cargo."
,Recommended,304730,16047386,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Matt Lowden,"I'm going to write this review in stages as I feel this game is a slow burner. I've played for just over 10 hours so I'm going to update this review over course of the next few weeks. Please note that I genuinely want to love this game and will probably spend at least 100 hours playing it. For the record I bought the game on sale for about £6.10 HoursSo far I've found the game confusing and fragmented. the tutorial is a little brief and fundamentally the game isn't very intuitive. I have played several games, often realizing my errors and starting again as a recursive learning process. The game focuses on road and rail transport; so far I've found that creating a rail link between two cities is very profitable but introducing a third city creates a lot of problems due to difficulties managing which trains manage which lines.I haven't been able to make a profit on inter-city bus lines as people simply won't use the bus service despite using conventional wisdom when plotting the bus route between the various city regions.Natural resources seem to move at random between starting games. Sometimes lots of natural resources are produced and can be moved between locations and you can make a mint, and sometimes absolutely nothing is produced meaning there is no reason to even bother with them.Train lines are confusing and creating more complex train routes is convoluted to the point of not being fun. Creating simple A-to-B routes is more profitable and is easier to manage.ConclusionSo far I've enjoyed the game, in principle, but still feel like there's a huge amount of room for improvement. The basics are there but a lot of time needs to be spent on balancing and tweaking how the game works."
,Recommended,304730,34099050,Posted: 8 August,all,gomisan,"This is a great game if you like the basic premise of building tracks, running trains and such. It is very similar to older games of the same style (Transport Tycoon) but has some beautiful train models and a lot of mods to keep it varied.It 'can' be a little buggy, but that seems fairly par for the course with simulations, and games with generated environments. On the whole those bugs never stopped me playing, and over time many were fixed and improvements made.They've now released a new game, with more than just trains, trams and trucks so I suspect this one will remain for the train purists who dont want all the extra complexities.Good value."
,Recommended,304730,14989788,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,dbavirt,"Quite enjoyable.  I did not find it as irritating as I thought that there are not many commodities, given that you have to configure your consist with the right rolling stock.  Requiring different stations for goods and people seems realistic to me, and adds limits to work around that make the game more interesting, with more need for crossovers and track/signal management.  Proper signaling is a fun puzzle to solve, and now that you can use a signal or waypoint in a route, you have fine control over which track is used.  Once I figured out the right way to lay track, it became highly enjoyable, determining the best way to navigate a slope.  And it's a gorgeous game.  Perhaps there is more work to do on this title, but I find it to be great in current state."
,Recommended,304730,35011827,Posted: 16 September,all,N_Trainz,"Its a fun game, once you get out of the loan you're in after you start a new game."
76561198011577250,Recommended,304730,15240423,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Cobalt,"I think this is a lovely game, and i hope it gets all the success it deserves.The graphics are not cutting edge, but are good enough to be immersive - its great fun zooming in and watching your trains/trams/busses zooming around.Building railway lines can be fiddly, and this is something they will hopefully work on in patches/sequels."
,Recommended,304730,19144841,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,CharlieFirpol,"Beautiful game, if a bit hard to get into. You´ll have to figure out how the economy works in this game before real success comes in.Best part: the mod supportOn trainfever . net you will find hundreds of really well done new trains, trucks, repaints, buildings, etc."
,Recommended,304730,15110268,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Arfski,"If you like building things, watching trains move around a landscape like a virtual model railway then you will probably enjoy this game. Good graphics, gameplay, and ever changing cities keeps the game fresh and if you don't like the world you have created, then go get yourself another randomly created map.There are some aspects that can be tiresome, such as what has become for me the dreaded terrain collision when trying to build across existing items, and the 'must build bypass first' before deleting town connecting roads. There are some things that could be tweaked from an ease of use point of view, but they do not detract from the overall game.The game clearly benefits from being actively developed, and new features come along all the time, the recent free DLC that adds a USA style map for example.Edit: Recent updates, and a clearer understanding of the game mechanics has made the game even more enjoyable, the danger is that you lose yourself in it and lose track of time far too easily. At the current discounted price this is a must have for anyone that enjoys sims, if you are a ""Tycoon"" style game fan or otherwise."
76561198019607050,Recommended,304730,15611205,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,mj.kent,"Nice game with some limited touches. Having played Railroad Tycoon(RT), RT2 is my main playable (replayable) game of this type. RT3 and Railroads were poor implimentations of this type of operating/ management sim. Train Fever goes along way to redo this type of sim and the graphics are very good. Similiar feel to Cities in Motion(CiM) which I have over 1000 hours playing. The time is worth it and I would still play CiM if it had a slight improvement in CiM2 but it appears to have had a complete rewrite to the interface which has put me off.This game takes me back to RT2 but with the ability to build tunnels! It takes a little work getting how the interface works  but have now played 25 hours and am still learning some of the more advanced gameplay features. Do not be put off because the game is a joy graphics wise.What are my limited touches:Firstly, only 3 levels of difficulty (Easy, Medium and Hard) whereas in RT2 you could set your own level (if only a little) in the scenarios.Secondly, it looks like no scenarios are provided each new game builds a new map. I enjoyed playing the NE corridor and Mid west scenarios in RT2 so it's a bit of a shame that these maps do not appear available. (Note: I have not yet tried the USA(DLC) so this maybe corrected.)and Finally, Not enough choice of trains and resources. This limits the game somewhat but too many resources would make it Transport Tycoon a game I dislike a lot!After reading all this is the game worth it? Yes but do not expect quick action and that suits me a lot!One other issue for me is the use of mods. I am not very technical so why put additions in through mods? It would be better from my point of view to have mods as part of a DLC package which could then be chosen before a new game begins. Any thoughts are welcome!The ingame music is very good (Admiral James T - Cricket Post /Harvest)anybody know if it is to be released?"
76561198072872169,Recommended,304730,11989470,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,aeroguitarguy,"This game is good. So far I've played it with little lag. That's due to my rig, it's powerful but dated. For the most part everything I've seen is great. The track laying works well, trains make money. Some things I haven't figured out yet but with time I will. My main complaints are the same as others that I believe the devs will fix. The save file issue and the lack of ability to turn off auto saves bothers me. Not enough to give this game a negative review. Also some of the passengers on the longer distance trains dissapear. Can't easily replace vehicles. Can't easily upgrade stations. But overall I love this game. I've been watching it for quite some time now and even watched most of the Beta Testers play it. No game these days is released without bugs. I expected that. Now I'm waiting for the devs to hopefully fix it soon and I believe they will. This game has, I believe, a bright future ahead of it. Some people want to stick to the old games that they know will work and that's fine to me. I on the other hand have been waiting for a game with the feel of Locomotion but more modern graphics to come out. For years no one has taken on this genre and taken it seriously. Sid Miers Railroads was dumbed down too much for my taste. RRT3 lacks the ability to build a detailed rail network. And the graphics for Transport Tycoon hurt my eyes. I'm going to stand by this game. The cities are fun to watch grow. The industries react to supply and demand which is cool to me. You don't just move cargo there has to be a need for it, just like in reality. I'm going to continue to play this game and delete however many auto saved files I have too lol. I hope people wont shun this game for first impressions with some bugs. It's just a small group of people working on this and I personally say thank you to them for this game. For going into what seemed to be a dead genre to the gaming industry and making a beautiful game."
76561198005834419,Recommended,304730,11989408,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,gax,"It´s like a barely cut, still slightly crude diamond. It already has some sparkle and fire, you can see it´s potential, but it needs fine cuttting and quite some polish. A swiss programming team of enthusiast train afficionados and the inbuilt moddability give me all the confidence i need to enjoy the game as it is and patiently wait for more.If you´ve loved TTD and RRT AND are willing to support are game wich finally,  after more than 10 years offers this type of enjoyment with 3D graphics, buy it now.If you can´t stand games wich are not complete or perfect,  wait for the price to drop and the many updates and fixes wich are sure to come.Recommended!"
76561197996637906,Recommended,304730,12005716,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,OzWally,Great easy relaxing game.Few mods would be great.
,Recommended,304730,12220777,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Pdguru,"Like many comments before, this is a game with great potential.  If you can get past the rather odd and very slow start, it's really quite fun, even in this skelton form and clunck track laying mechanics.  But it's a strange place this Tran Fever Land, not least because of ghostly, empty and too-modern looking and generic towns for 1850 and a landscape desperately lacking in flora and fauna... or life of any sort.  Or anything for that matter.  Indeed, with no 3D texture to the grass or cropfields alike, it's like a tabletop.But perhaps that's where the character of the game, today at least, comes in.  It's a nice cross between a huge model railway and a 3D animated world.  Any new game is like watching a new sitcom on TV - you have to wait to get and idea of the theme, characters and essense before you can settle in.  And you have to give it a number of hours to do that.  so BE PATIENT.  Don't switch channels to soon, folks.Once I got into the visual style and the towns grew and new vhicles came online I found myself getting quite excited to see old style cars doing the long drive in and between towns (although again the game years and vehicles some out of alignment).  Enthusiatic to get the new, bigger locomotive, combine the stations and bus stops and see passengers begin to bustle and jossle to get to the bus and train.  I even held the trains up a few times to wait for the busload of commuters whose had just pulled up.  Did I care about them?  Or did I just want their fare?  Both actually.  And that means the game is already OK - but it COULD be great.I certainly hope the makers finish the game.  With the addition of more life to the worldscape, some greater variation in the people (visually and movements), and simplification or vehicle replacement, this could truly be the next generation of Transport Tycoom Deluxe.UPDATE 4-14-15:  Well, the updates have stopped, so I guess th develpers have moved on.  A pity because with a few enhancements they could have had a really good game here.  As it is, it's an OK game and I stick with my thumbs up."
76561198185081122,Recommended,304730,24260456,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ArielMomo,"good time playing , needs patience to understand the UI, choppy after 1H, need a save and restart. mechanics of the game are a bit different than others gamres of this kind, here you must build the demand, before you ramp up production. Typically you must take care of the cities, grow them before you cam really develop and expand.I recommend to buy with special discount, I had the game for 7.99. good deal for 50+ hours of playtime."
76561198081224114,Recommended,304730,28189143,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,alemismun,"this game has the quality of an early acess game, its fun, but not for too long."
,Recommended,304730,16101294,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,GoodOlAndy [Win10],"Bought this game because everyone says it is like Sid Meiers Railroads, a game I love but can not play since switching to Linux.Now the only similar thing is the building of train networks between cities and resources but that is where it ends.  The game actually is more complex.  Laying of tracks and setting up trains requires more work than Railroads.In Railroads you simply lay your track then pick your train and train cars for that section of track.  In Train Fever you must do more, like create a train depot which MUST be connected to the track you want to train to be on.  I could not figure out how to delete a train nor have I figured out yet how to properly connect resources.  BTW, every station MUST be connected to a road which makes placing your tracks even harder.On top of creating train routes, you also need to create bus routes to move people around each city to your train station.Unlike Railroads though, there doesn't appear to be any computer players to compete against.  For some people like myself, this can result in a not as fun game but if you are a huge fan of sim city type games where there is no one to compete against then you should enjoy this game."
76561198009203044,Recommended,304730,16666932,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Minmator,"Train fever is a good and fun game to play overall. It is in my opinion the best train tycoonish game around at the moment and judging from past updates, it should get better with time.Pros: It's fun! Nice graphics (maps, trains, other vehicules), good audio design, unique music, easy to use building tool.Cons: Building tool needs more advanced options for more complex networks, performance gets bellow average on large maps in the late game, yearly savegame process is horrid.TF features a sandbox setup and very good looking proceduraly generated maps. It is really just that though a sandbox and it doesnt feature any tycoon options like campaigns and/or competition. Instead here you are fighting the elements such as hills, rivers, main roads, vehicules decay, etc. The maps look good and not two games are the same since they are generated. If however you are looking for real world maps, you won't find it here.So what do you actually do when playing TF? You build train, tram, bus and otherwise truck lines to move either passengers and/or cargo around while trying to make enough money to survive another year.So how is the building tool since it's most of what we do in this game? It's okay but not great.Building basic rails/roads is easy enough once you learn how the tool reacts to roads and rivers for example. It always try to save you money by proposing the most economical option (bridge, tunnel?, going over?). It also tries to make the best curves and slopes possible automaticaly. Setting up two lines next to each other is also a charm since the tool acts like a magnet and nicely sticks that 2nd line next to the 1st one. For all the basic stuff, it's great.The building tool really lacks more robust features though, features such as seen in other titles like Cities Skylines. In short, you can't easily cross any other line that already exists. The tool isn't letting the player decide on elevation (page up/down in Cities: Skylines) and there's no way to build X or + connections between two lines. Sure there are tricks around this but it isn't friendly and it makes a mess. As long as you focus on building railroads for EITHER passengers OR cargo, it's fun enough. But as soon as you try to setup multiple lines for BOTH passengers AND cargo, the building tool just falls short. You see, passengers and cargo require different kinds of stations. But since there is no way for a line to go over or under an existing line, it's just not fun to try and build large rail networks for both passengers and cargo. You end up with a spaghetti of parallel lines preventing you from building additional ones.As a result cargo trains are being left out for the most part and focus is more on passengers ones. It feels like a whole portion of the game is not accessible because the construction tool isn't robust enough and that is my main issue with this one.Sure experiencing better performance on large maps, being able to buy industries, maybe have credit quotations for loans and see more tycoon features being added would be nice. But first, fix the building tool.I recommend this game because despite it's obvious flaws, it's fun in it's current state and there are indications it should get even better.Thumbs up!"
76561197978866994,Recommended,304730,15884360,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Azrael,"Train Fever has some flaws and is not a perfect game and lacks some features, but it is the best in the genre, since the last games are either made for childs (looking at you Sid Meiers Railroads) or the last games that have the features, that TF lacks, are very old (RT-Series, Open TTD and others).The developers are still actively working on the game and supporting the modding community, if you look at other devs and other games, this is not a standard.So, if you're looking for a transportmanagementgame with appealing graphics (I'm not a graphic who.re myself but even I despise the 2,5D pixelated graphics of Open TTD), Train Fever is your best shot and you can't do something wrong with buying it.PS: I recommend to have atleast 4 GB RAM on your rig. I have 8 GB myself and I have no performance problems at all. So I guess 4 GB is acceptable and not bad, since they announced another performance patch."
,Recommended,304730,29419400,Posted: 22 January,all,Rebel_Guy,"First off, this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't buy it.Secondly, this game is an addicting masterpiece, go buy it.This game reminds me a lot of OpenTTD, but without confining the user to the grid system, and also in 3D. And also with really good graphics.There are some extremely annoying bugs and poor implementations of some features. Things that I can think of at the top of my head:- The way that vehicles are guided through intersections is a pain in the pineapple, and often unnecessarily causes delays of 20+ minutes. This is especially annoying early in the game, and/or on hard mode.- The terrain is extremely difficult to deform, given the limited and pretty much broken tools available.- Vehicles never change lanes/tracks, but instead their routes are absolutely hardcoded. This means that, for example, a train will not ""choose"" the best available platform at a station, but instead wait until its designated platform is free.- The amount of money analysis tools are very limited, and overall vehicle management is pretty much non-existent.As frustrating as it is, this game is beautiful, addicting, and super satisfying. If you like OpenTTD-style games, you should consider buying Train Fever."
76561198006736389,Recommended,304730,25887532,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,johnni777,"This is a little gem that I loved from the start if you  know games like Railroad Tycoon and Transport Tycoon you will know exactly what kind of game this is. Big surprise this game is about building a transport empire linking cities together by rail or road trying to connect resources to factories which will process the resources to products you can transport to the cities and earn a profit or you could just focus on transporting passengers between cities by train,tram,bus or even horse carriage but of course transportation by horse is only in the beginning. Laster in the game new kinds of vehicles will be at your disposal and how you do it is completely up to you there are not any specific goals in the game the gameworld is a sandbox where you decide what to do .There are different maps to choose from and the the time line will be betwwen 1850 and 2050 but which year you choose to start with is up to you the graphics are nice and comprehensive the sound is fine and if you like the idea of building transport empires I can only recommend to grab this ."
,Recommended,304730,11992952,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Desolated,"I recommend it only because I believe with work, it could be good. Here's the thing with this game, it doesn't really tell you how to make money. It only tells you how to create bus stations and train stations. So you create them, and within 10 minutes, you fall into debt. I have no idea how you're supposed to maintain a decent transportation business when none of the industries use your lines to transport goods. Not to mention, it plays a lot like a sandbox, so shouldn't we have the freedom to do as we choose? Nope! Not here! You can borrow a few million, but then you're capped out. So even if you just wanna build a whole bunch of stuff and watch time go by, you can't.Welcome to Train ♥♥♥♥in' Fever!"
,Recommended,304730,12010435,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,DR,"I actually like the game, In my opinion it is the first good train game since Railroad Tycoon 3."
76561198009907792,Recommended,304730,12302717,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Digital Medic,"The game seems to be incomplete at the moment as there are a number of issues brought up by many players that need to be addressed.  Optimization of the code also needs to be addressed.  Regardless, the game is fun to play and has great graphics.  If the developers keep working on the title, it stands to be an awesome train simulator."
76561198016989785,Recommended,304730,12297582,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,risor,"I had now 33h nonstop fun with this game, i can recommend it at all. its awesome. maybe there are a few little unfinished things, but the main factors, are worked throug very well, i never had problems with building tracks etc. its just unbelievable pretty train animations, feels like your very own model railroad in the basement.Absolute TOP!"
76561197977774276,Recommended,304730,12010779,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Preest007,Big fan of Transport Tycoon back in the days. And now TRAIN FEVER is here. This game is so beautiful.. GET IT NOW....!
,Recommended,304730,13872800,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Da Fix IT,"If you love transportation games such as Cities in motion, and railroad tycoon, and/or you just love trains you will waste many happy hours on this one. Probably the most real life accurate train management game I've ever played. Track gradiants and curve radius' matter and the computer does not manage the trains for you.  No auto ""phasing"" out trains because another one is coming, or imaginary ""hold"" tracks that you can't see, you must manage all the trains and where they go, or enjoy your giant cluster %&$^# because you didnt build your tracks right and/or signal them right and/or manage your lines correctly.They are a few minor issues that the dev's are still working on but its quite enjoyable. Plus their releasing a free DLC come febuary."
,Recommended,304730,15588354,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SupSuper,choo choo
76561198013930193,Recommended,304730,12065642,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Tiebero,"a game wth potential, but not finished. i agree with everything shockiii said in his review.  crossings (rail/rail and rail/road) need work. it needs to be easier to upgrade stations and add stations to existing track.  Dev perseverance required."
76561198126742999,Recommended,304730,12168143,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Peculiarly Boozy,"SUCKS FOR MAC!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh my god, this game is terrible for mac. I am way above mininum requirements, and I still have to run on low graphics and still it lags like♥♥♥♥♥♥ PLEASE IMPROVE THIS DEVS."
76561198029175257,Recommended,304730,24020722,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MR_Steef94,Great game if you liked Railroad Tycoon!
76561198012068872,Recommended,304730,14638414,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,oldeguy,"Another one rides the bus! There is no such thing as a straight line and inspite of the terrain looking flat, the game finds a way to build a bridge or tunnel and spend your money. There are stiill bugs in the economy. However, after playing for an extended length of time I've grown to like this game. It's fun watching the little people scramble to make the train station in time to board the train to their digital future. Sometime passengers disappear during transit. Do they die? Taken by aliens? Catch the ganme on sale (unlike the bulk of us) and enjoy the new DLC with U.S. vehices and trains Once you understand the mechanics, I think you'll enjoy it.  Here comes the bus, bye."
,Recommended,304730,16098476,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Balthasar Gelt,"Train Fever is a delightfully enthralling management game that you can plunge hours into. I found myself staying up all night in a 'Just One More Turn' sort of way, either because I was desperately trying to keep my fledgling Rail company above water or because I wanted to see if new technology's or expanding profits would allow me to splash out on a new project or to reinvigorate an old one. In terms of management, I've found that learning the basics isn't overly hard, but mastering it is the real challenge. In other management games, I have often found that once you plug the main problem, you have nothing more to do; it's too easy to find the perfect equilibrium and once you've played it once there's little reason to go back and play it again and you rarely had to restart for lack of skill in the first place. In Train Fever, you'll solve a short term problem only to later discover that there's a much bigger long term problem built upon more short term problems. There's lots to manage and lots to do (although not so much as to overwhelm you), and as technology advances new avenues for profit and loss will open up and you'll have to adapt to changing circumstances. Things that are in 1850 unprofitable and infeasible may in 1900 be profitable and very doable.In short, Train Fever is a game of adaption, of chasing profits and avoiding losses, which can be tough, but very rewarding. You may have to play a failed game or two before you learn all of it's secrets, but a management game in which you instantly have the cure to any ailment is a short lived and unrewarding one.7/10"
76561198013397452,Not Recommended,304730,17530953,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Ardubich,"I tried.... for 3 hours I tried, and it just is not fun.  Great potential, but its just not there. Terrible GUI, terrible economic mechanics, and no challenge."
,Recommended,304730,26472182,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Huwinator,Very addictive game
,Not Recommended,304730,24528975,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Anthony,This game is frustrating as hell and punishes you for not knowing how to play but but it doesn't tell you how to play?I tried playing several times but found myself wanting to play anything else. it looks nice i gess. trains are cool.
76561198002950093,Recommended,304730,11979892,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Tgt_Practice,"I am only recommending this game on potential, not how it is at the moment.Pro'sIt looks really quite nice, not quite as pretty as the 'tilt shift photography' method of Sim City but certainly passable, i would say it's probably around the same as SM Railroads +If you have played CIM the lines are going to be very familar to you +The framework for a replacement Railroad Tycoon 2 is definately here +Current Con'sIt has an internal logic, but the developers don't want you to know what that might be.  So you'll end up with trains using what track they feel like or sitting at lights for no reason at all. --No significant tutorial, coupled with a entirely opaque UI, be prepared to spend time on goggle learning how to play. -Track laying is both powerful and at the same time utterly dreadful, it forces you towards level tracks, generally good, but it will give you bridges for some drops, tunnels for gentle hills.  You can get around this, but you have to very carefully lay small segments of track, obviously you start to lose sight of the other station. -Making money is very hard, at least at the begining the maintence costs are simply punishing, trains are a giant money sink, road transport makes money, rail transport costs money, -Industry model seems broken to me, like the above, I am sure there was a reason my carts were sat waiting for coal, but the game wasn't about to tell me. -This really isn't ready for prime time, i could have added more issues, but it seems unfair, the framework for a good, possibly great sim is here, but this really isn't it.I would wait for patches and/or mods before purchasing."
76561198025303183,Recommended,304730,16088982,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,44TZL,"Conclusion: awesome track laying game that poorly explains itself (aka has a learning curve)I am thoroughly enjoying this game but many, many feature only become apparent after looking through guides on steam and after trial and error.For example I thought there was a cargo staying on the platform bug.. I had 1 route designed like this: pickup cargo, drop off at station 1, pickup cargo again, drop off at station 2. Turns out.. the demand for goods in station 1 is low, so the goods stream in slowly, so the train keeps waiting to fill it up - and never getting to station 2 which is building up. The easy solution: create 2 separate lines and all is good.So after learning how to lay bus tracks efficiently, place signals effectively, build bridges, ... you end up with a game that's a bit like it suggests in title.. first a fever to overcome it, then a fever because it will suck you back in. Because you can borrow enough money and making it profitable at easy level isn't all that hard, it's more a game about making a beautiful operating railroad than a tough challenge. And that's fine to me.It's the best game in laying out an efficient routed railway - in any game. I really can't remember that that part was executed that well, and looked this good. I personally love setting the landscape to hilly and create a great flowing double track railroad running through with tight blocks so accommodate all the goods & passenger traffic.The game runs very well on my GTX 970 at 2560x1024 with everything maxed out.There are some quirks which I'll hope they fix soon, and I do want to mention that it's good to see the devs have just released another update and support the product:(1) Keys only work after clicking on the landscape(2) No mention when trains get stuck (especially after breaking up a section to expand)(3) The 'two steps'  required is tedious and doesn't belong in games.. figure it out guys(4) Upgrade a street won't fit while staying a 2 lane road.. really?(5) Bigger stations please(6) Allow alternative platforms through alternative waypointsSo all in all it's a very enjoyable game, if you can deal with it's learning curve - and especially when on offer for a special price, it's great value. If you liked transport tycoon, or similar games from Chris Sawyer or Sid Meier ... you'll enjoy this one. I think it's beaten their latest efforts for sure."
,Recommended,304730,11978740,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Keithy1980,Im loving the game. I hope some mods come out for new vehicles and trains or even updates to iron out the bugs. Good graphics and gameplay. Hard to start making money but it will come if played correctly. Would i choose OTTD or TF .... i think TF if they start adding new things or even if someone added mods for it. Also aircraft would be a good idea but not essential.Otherwise great game keep it coming and keep it up to date don't give up on it please i love it.
,Recommended,304730,13453374,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,helikopterpilot,How can i go to grapics settings if i have turn the grapics wrong? I can't play....... :(
76561198008513739,Recommended,304730,26350261,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SKIDROW,"What can I say - this game is just brilliant. Love it!  I only picked it up a few weeks ago and since Transport Giant - years ago - this must be the best transport tycoon game ever made. Can’t wait for Transport fever - Paid for and in my library, waiting for release. Great work!!!!"
76561198022296391,Not Recommended,304730,14700592,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,MacAttack,"I love train games.  Sid Meiers Tycoons 1 to Railroads! and a few of the others.  So I can tell you straight off...This is JUNK!  Stay away.  This is an like an unfinished Giant I or II game that was put on the shelf by JoWood Studios and picked up by some teen that dusted it off and thought he could make a few bucks.  No multiplayer, no business model, no competition to play against, just lay track and buy a train.  BORING.  Stupid, Im glad I waited until it was 12 bucks, but now I even feel as if I shouldve waited until it was under 5."
76561198001790442,Not Recommended,304730,13608831,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sistermatic,"After reading some of the other ""gushing"" reviews (best train sim eva) for this game I put up the dosh and bought it. Seems to me that the ""this game is awesome"" reviews are shills and/or have never played another train sim in their life.10 minutes in, I want a bitumen road from town 1 to town 2 and get a whole heap of BS about bypasses to remove a dirt track. Despite building a *parallel* paved road I cannot delete the ""main connection"" dirt track. Seriously. I setup a route and the wagon uses the *dirt* road - not my brand new flash-harry paved track.Now this is apparently a recent ""ïnnovation"" because some idiot knee-jerker thinks SINGLE PLAYER games shouldn't be able to be exploited. (ie: delete track, install rail, remove competition). I'm fine with that but I'm UPGRADING the *road* - the very same thing I'm trying to delete - the dirt version.The music is no better than some mad science experiment about feeling ""good"". Took all of 15 seconds to turn it off. GFX are reasonable. Everything is green. Ho-hum tbh.  Slight improvement on 2000 version of ""Sims"" when zoomed in. UI is odd. (Just make damn sure your bulldozer is OFF before you do ANYTHING!)Apart from the track deletion (stupid, stupid) I decided I wanted to start later in the century because horse and cart is of NO INTEREST to me. But.....I have to complete ""achievements"" to be able to start at a later time. Really???!!!Incomplete. Marginal. Limited. Quaint. It's not Early Access but should have been listed as such.I got it on special. It *still* cost too much.5/10. Will update review if they sort this crap out. Caveat Emptor."
,Not Recommended,304730,13886845,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Sotonya,"Специально не торопился с этой игрой зная какая она сырая была на запуске, но все-таки неудержимое желание получить современный аналог тайкунов не давал покоя и взял на распродаже, надеясь что за столько времени после релиза игра обрастет недостающим функционалом.Увы и ах, до сих пор нет совершенно базовых вещей, такие как возможность апгрейда железнодорожных станций и возможности подсветить зоны охвата станций и неровности ландшафта сеткой, да и вообще сама по себе процедура прокладки рельс откровенно фрустрирует. При всей моей любви к жанру, рекомендовать игру в текущем её состоянии я никак не могу"
76561198117555045,Recommended,304730,14237631,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Typical Coconut,Train Fever decent game all you do is make your own transport empire so that can be from chuffering passengers to shipping iron and coal to make steel but to do this youll need to make stations and then lines and if neccesary roads Tip: try to make fast lines going to popular areas as then the population of that city will prefer to take that line and not that it may not seem worht it at first but just attempt to keep the line up for a while then you should see an increase in popularity.
,Recommended,304730,18003033,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,profgeza,"Though sometimes a bit slow paced, and at times it's not easy to get tracks right for the first/second/eighth time, this game is tremendous fun. I can spend way too much time just following around trains from different eras. Even though it had some negative reviews, and yes, it does have its bugs, but I think playability improved vastly in recent months and if you are into games like OpenTTD, you should give this a try."
,Recommended,304730,18598837,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,patrickov,"Played for a few minutes, maybe I should write something down.1.  It immediately reminds me of Transport Tycoon Deluxe, as well as the 3D attempt (3DTT) fell through some 15 years ago.  The depot placement is surely 3DTT, and the financial setup is similar to TTD.2. The line feature is the most prominent feature of the game.  It has its limitations though, such as cargo will vanish if the player removes the associated route.  Therefore route planning is essential.3. Station mechanism has a bit of problem.  Train stations have to be physically connected in order to exchange cargo.  This make putting a station in the middle of a built-up area unwise.Generally a good game, and hopefully this game can sooth the sorrow of 3DTT not making it.(v1:  2015-10-21)"
76561197975456115,Recommended,304730,13972356,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Tw!sted,Like playing TTD :) old school.
76561197995157441,Recommended,304730,19904556,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,CitizenX(NOR),"A fun and longlasting game. There is a few bugs and niggles that sometimes is a bit annoying, but for me it doesn't destroy the 'fun factor'.  This game i would reccomend for anyone who likes Transport tycoon or Railroad tycoon. Train Fever is not as deep as RRT, but it is good fun for me."
76561198097913806,Recommended,304730,13657582,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ian.minto,"This is a good game but it takes a while to learn,It then becomes very addictive beautiful trains with great sounds ,and i have only got to the year 1900 worth perservering with still some bugs plop a freight station near an iron mine and marvel how it just ships it down the road instead of using the thoughtfully constructed train line you have built to transport its products to market. Some bugs to fix but a fantastic andaddictive simulation ."
,Recommended,304730,13643410,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DTrigger05,"Game definitely has some minor bugs and frustrations, but it seems the devs are continuing to improve it (even with free DLC early next year). Definitely a must-buy if you like transportation games and/or railroading."
76561198142959203,Recommended,304730,25437799,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,C.J_Hume,"For people who don't kniw wether or not to get this game I would suggest do not. I love this game, one of my favourites. Although there is quite a few things that get in the way of making it perfect, I have never had any issues that other people talk about. Why do I say then do not buy it?... Well Transport Fever (This games much need sequal) is coming at the end of this year and is improving on almost every feture of this already good game as well as adding loads more including air and sea transportation. Just wait until that game is out instead of getting this even though it is really good. Thanks for reading!"
76561197983118444,Recommended,304730,24907437,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,dazkaz,"Best £3.99 I have ever spent.Thoroughly enjoyed easy mode, so set my sights at getting some of the hard difficulty achievements.I have been irrecoverably bankrupt three times now!It’s great to play a game that’s not afraid to challenge you, unlike a lot of the new games now a days, that have gone for ""ease of access"" as a motto for dumbing down their games."
76561198170966789,Recommended,304730,15799526,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,PendennisCastle,The game only works on my dad's Mac not my windows 7 other then that it is a good game i recemmend it to those with Mac's.
76561198086660273,Recommended,304730,15094542,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Thasan,awesome game! but my antivirus keeps deleting the .exe files so i have to validate the game every time (after i have disabled the antivirus) and download the missing files. and then start it ONLY with the antivirus disabled. but other than this it is a real piece of art. been playing it non-stop for 3 days now!!
,Recommended,304730,15176438,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,MinDBlanKSCO,"Edit*Review is again positive, plays like a city builder as well as a transport simulator.Love it."
,Recommended,304730,15200644,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Velocyx',I really like this game (of course with mods) but there's still so many bugs. The most important thing to make it better its the lag ingame when you make zoom or change camera it always lag (R9 270X FX 8320). It lags more and makes completely unplayable when you have a lot of trains and population.Please update this game with a new performance!
76561197979715009,Recommended,304730,17342877,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Fluteboy,"If you can get passed the infuritangly fiddly building controls and the fact that you only get RHD (I'm Australian, so RHD does feel a bit weird at first), this is a thoroughly enjoyable transport simulator.The other minor criticism is that industries tend to be placed far away from dependant industries, so this makes producing goods a challenge."
76561198011895889,Recommended,304730,16776780,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,joshb91,"If you like trains this is a great game, always fun and a little challenging when you get to the 60's and 70's when everyone seems to buy a car and doesnt like the idea of public transport."
76561198062967988,Recommended,304730,17546242,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,mp2,nice railroad and transport game.
,Recommended,304730,18507390,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Rosscoe,"I like Train Fever, its no Transport Tycoon but its plenty fun and replay is great!The base game is simple and fun to play if you want a more there are alot of good mods to really change things up.My only complaint about the game is video performance could use some updating from the dev's but its nothing real serious.Over all its a good game and wish it had multiplayer."
,Recommended,304730,16192808,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,irg,Needs further development. Is very good.
,Recommended,304730,16658227,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Cutter,"It's far from perfect, but it's a lot of fun and the developers show great promise in continuing to provide support and regular free updates for the game. With a mod-friendly attitude (although not using Steam Workshop) - the devs and this game have a bright future ahead. $35 might be a little expensive, but it's definitely worth picking up on sale for any train or transport junkies."
,Recommended,304730,17381574,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Merc066,"MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING TRAINS ♥♥♥♥♥!Seriously though, I've never been so addicted to a logistics game.  Its mechanics are actually pretty decent for such a small studio.Also.Choo. Choo."
76561198010962088,Recommended,304730,17393527,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,wskinn,"The one thing I give this simulator credit for that the others don't usually offer is the realistic track/grade dynamics. You can't make hairpin turns, things aren't locked into a thinly veiled 90-degree world. Its refreshing, and I've enjoined my first (roughly) hundred hours quite a lot."
76561198037430343,Recommended,304730,17674056,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,danielharding4,"So far loving this game, just enough detail to keep me interested but doesn't get bogged down in it. I loved transport tycoon and this is the closed thing I've found to the same sort of feel. Good fun. Think I'll be logging a few hours on this one."
,Recommended,304730,17676001,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,sfreak,"OpenTTDs more attractive cousin. Quickly you'll realise she's a bit simpler too.While the graphics are great to look at, you'll soon work out the further you get with this game, how poorly optimised it is. I don't think there is a computer available today that can deal with large maps and an abundance of lines of trains, trams etc.Gameplay while not that deep, is pretty laid back. You'll either give up with the path signals or realise how awesome they really are. They can do anything once you get the hang of it. Train selection is pretty good. Most satisfying aspect of the whole game is making lines more effecient and profitable. Do you add another train and sink millions to lower its frequency or pack it up and try again later?Overall, for the right price, it is recommended even with its short comings listed above. Great game to chill out with and not too taxing on the brain. Make yourself a giant line that loops the map, sit back and enjoy the ride afterwards.The music is pretty sweet too."
,Recommended,304730,17704537,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,madmachinegun,"If you're like me, you've played OpenTTD and always wished for a similar game without the grid. This is sort-of that game. I probably would not have bought this at full price; as many other reviewers have noted, it feels incomplete. Track-building needs to be refined, more industry chains need to be added with more variation between them. There's no texture for transitions between the two main road types, which has no consequence on gameplay but agitates me to no end. The random maps all feel the same, and the game badly needs a map editor and Workshop support.The UI is surprisingly good, with a couple exceptions. The developers clearly have learned from OpenTTD and tried to minimize needless clicking as much as possible. The graphics are technically great but artistically just OK, though the smoke from steam trains always looks beautiful. Most importantly, it scratches the itch for a modern 3D transportation game, and at sale prices, it's worth the cost for me.People who are into transportation games to make rediculously complex networks *might* not find this worth it. Players who aren't familiar with the genre will probably end up bored or find it takes too long to learn. People who like transportation games because YAY TRAINS!!! should probably get this, just don't set your expectations too high.I get the feeling the developers have the design part down pretty well, and hopefully their next game will give them more resources to execute that vision. I look forward to it."
,Recommended,304730,17808177,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,DuFFuL,I love this game but it can be really really frustrating at times. You cant lay tracks over roads half the time and even bridges or tunnels wont get you there. Its a great game but there are things that certainly need fixing!
,Recommended,304730,17959922,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Sokka,I strongly reccomend this game. 9/10I almost didn't get this game because of the mixed reviews. Usually when you see a train game with bad reviews dont get it. This game however is a-****ing-mazing. It can be as simple and complex as you need it to be and gave me the challenges and depth that I couldnt get with railroad tycoon 3.MAJOR TIPS-dont place rail in large segments the game will try to lay it at the same elevation and cost you a fortune-watch people on youtube if you get confused the game has a great community
76561198088104546,Recommended,304730,18244228,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,RoadHog,"This is definately no Railroad Tycoon program.It is much more simplified.In a way it isn't even a Train Simulator.  In fact you don't even have to run any trains if you don't want to.You can run a Stage Line instead and still make millions of dollars.  Of course you can run both trains and coaches.The trains are hard to operate unless your simply running pont to point.  The signaling system is too simple to be of much good if you try running multiple trains on one track.  There is only one size Train Station, BIG.  There is no small Train Station that you can place at a distant Industry. There are three different sizes of train stations but even the smallest takes up space equal to 3 city blocks. They look silly sitting next to a dinky logging camp.The industries are spread haphazardly about the map.  You might find an Oil Well but the Refinery could be halfway across the map.  It isn't cost effective to service since comodities bring very little cash compared to Passengers.  You can of course but it will take years to get a return on your investment.Cargo hauling by Horsedrawn wagons or Freight Trucks is more cost effective than trains but unlike trains they can't haul freight to an industry and then pick up the goods produced. For example a Truck delivering lumber won't automatically change and take a load of goods made from the lumber.  You have to buy a seperate truck for goods, Not very realistic.Graphics are pretty bad,  Inside towns or cities it's not bad but out on the highways and tracks it's bad.  The land is bare and boring with an occasional tree or two.  Even shades of green would be better than dirt and sand.If you use a Trackball or a wheel less mouse you will have problems scrolling some popup windows once you exceed 9 Lines.  Scrolling these windows requires a Mouse wheel.  Poor design.Now you might be wondering why I recommend this game.I'm enjoying running Stagecoaches and fine tuning the profit making.I like being able to zoom in and see my coaches moving along and looking at all the people inside towns.Cute things like watching a coach stop to let pedestrians cross the street.I'm sure to discover new things as I play along.  I'll add them here if I do.I'm having fun,  so yes I recommend it."
76561198069564165,Recommended,304730,17871920,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Bones,"This is a good transportation tycoon simulator, with refreshingly nice graphics and a solid engine to work with. It features modding support, allowing for additional game features, and to me is well worth the purchase price. It's a shame it doesn't have multiplayer though."
76561198122020463,Recommended,304730,21164896,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,T_Slothrop,I love the complexity of routing and schedule managment.  I've been a long time player of Sid Meier's Railroads! and can't beleive I didn't take a chance on this game sooner.
,Recommended,304730,17688907,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,robbie_86,"Slow pase game, if your in to that. Great job on the game. Love it.Please come out with more DLC XD"
76561198089231439,Recommended,304730,13827304,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,gordon.pilcher1,Fantastic game providing you follow simple rules and not charge in like a bull at a gate I’ve recommended to folk who have had a brain injury as therapy  the idea is not to plough on as if you can borrow your way to victory I’ve done most of the achievements and they do take planning and caution.
,Recommended,304730,25276022,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Sir_Tramalot [UK],"With Mods, this game is highly addictive. I just played 50 hours straight, without batting an eyelid. I think my house was demolished, and a new one was built around me, and I am oblivious, playinh Train Fever in this new families vents. If you happen to be that family, send food.(I reccomend.)"
76561198185428502,Recommended,304730,25417987,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,CrackedAmoeba,This game is great. I just wish modding was as easy as it is in cities skylines
76561198156572064,Recommended,304730,25190301,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,A flying squirrel,"I LOVE THIS GAME, its just i kinda f'd up and need help. I set my screen resolution to stupidly high and i cant even get back into the options to change it back. PLEASE HELP! ANYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198089286997,Recommended,304730,12343484,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Drapetamaniac,This will be a great game when it is finished.
,Recommended,304730,12005488,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Galpz_,"Can I have help? Whenever I try to load a game, it crashes. What should I do?"
,Recommended,304730,22220271,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Finne,"Even though it has some rough edges and no manual (use google), this is a game that comes very close to playing with real model train sets. With some modding and config changes I am still having a great time after many hours of play. I prefer this game above TTD, railroad tycoon, railroads!, etc."
76561197979992043,Not Recommended,304730,16479369,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,niro2rajn,"Game feels meaningless. It does not hold a candle to railroad tycoon 3. Yes it has better graphics and simulation, but the experience is just not great. I feel like....why build that railroad? Maybe what i really want are goals for the game. A campaign like in RT3. I love economy based games. I also like sandboxy games. But for some reason doing anything in this game feels pointless. i guess you would have to play it to know what i mean. It looked good in theory. meh."
,Recommended,304730,20785077,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,CBO (Chief Bank Officer),This game is like any other game in it's genre. It is impossible to put away. Wosh. Ups. 5 Hours gone. You stop. You think. You become sad. You realize that you could have done something with your life. 10/10
,Recommended,304730,28771963,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,918 Spyder,Great game for the price (I got it on sale) it can get boring but I like trains -gets hit by train-
76561197976423313,Not Recommended,304730,28688349,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Garret,Very dissapointing the only way to get ok money is to transport people from town to town resources transporting is very bad you can't transport more then one resources on one train e.g. you have a train with a coal cart and a Iron cart you can't stop at a iron mine and pick up Iron and then go to a coal mine to add to coal cart and take both to the industry that uses both to make goods there is only a very few buildings that produce resources If you set a line to a mine or another resources building to try to start a new building to expand it only produces 1 never gone over I had a train transporting oil to try to move around and I had it running for about 25 years ingame time and still produced only 1 oil
,Recommended,304730,28703178,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,† Iri$h †,"Surprising good for how much it costs on sale, decent graphics and overall a fun game to pass some time."
,Recommended,304730,20586520,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Freefall1984,"After the incredibly steep learning curve and around 5 hours of experimentation this game turns out to be immensly satisfying, sure it has its share of bugs, but in general the game looks and plays really rather well."
,Recommended,304730,14447311,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,FGConnor,nearly perfect all thay need to do is stop the 10-15 minite crashes part from that its brilliantscratch that     ive got a better pc now so 999 out of 1000 because resorses run out after a little while ive lost games cause of it
76561197971663658,Recommended,304730,17548292,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,alkemmy,"Now and then available at 75% off standard price -- keep an eye on this title and buy it then, not at full price, which it really isn't worth.  As sims go its basic, circa Windows 98 quality, despite a new recent release.  The colour palette is limited and this immediately makes it look retro and dated.  In use, its incredibly simple once you've grasped the basics, and so long as you just need to tootle softly along and not achieve anything great, it's a pleasing little game.  It's all too easy to lose money quickly so start small and only build once profits start going up; bus stops, train stops and stuff like that all cost money to maintain, used or not, and that's one area where the sim is very life-like.  Otherwise it can be rigid and mathematical, when it really ought to be organic and auto-adjusting.  The ""achievements"" are mostly stuff you'd do in the game anyway so don't start patting yourself on the back when you get an award for building two bus stops...zzz.Some anti-virus programs (AVG is the one i use, and it's top of the list) won't allow this game to run so they need to be temporarily disabled, you do wonder what kind of ""information gathering"" bugs are sniffing through your computer while the game is operating...."
76561197982239451,Not Recommended,304730,16122126,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,kenthenson,"1. Frustrating. Non-existent tutorial makes this a tough game to jump into straight away. After spending an evening watching YouTube videos, I was finally able to get a business up and running and breaking even. Raw materials are scattered across the map, as expected, but the factories are also stuck out in the middle of nowhere, instead of congregating in the industrial sectors of your towns. Not having the ability to build new factories, where you really need them, is also extremely irritating.2. Fun. Not nearly as playable as Sid Meiers' Railroads and with no real goals or opponents it boils down to a straight builder. If you like SimCity or Banished, this is for you.3. UI. Horrible. To track performance and profitibility you need to have several windows open which cover most of the play area. With no ability to push these windows over to a second monitor you have to pause often to review your status. When new trains become available there is no accompanying information to let you know if they are passenger or freight trains.I really was expecting more. Hopefully there are expansions, updates or mods out there to make this a better, more satisfying gaming experience."
76561198203592720,Recommended,304730,17458717,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,The painter,"I have played many games of this genre before, including Locomotion, all of the Transport Tycoons, Railroads!, all of the Railroad Tycoon games and a few others, and never before have I encountered a product as well balanced and easy to use as this. Granted, the economy works differently than most other games in this genre. For example, in most transport games, trains only run when they are full of goods in order to make a profit, however, in Train Fever, running trains without them needing to be full is essential to make a profit, because, much like in real life, a train on a siding is burning fuel and going nowhere, while its load decays in value. The game is well priced and has a strong user interface that is easy to use and a refeshingly easy approach to replacing and re-routing vehicles. I higly recomend this game to anyone that wants to think while playing a game, and or is interested in logistics and transportation.Pros:1. Easy to use and understand interface2. Infinent possiblities for every diffferent map3. Amazing graphics and genrally good polish on everything4. Hyper-relistic simulation5. Fun and interesting mechanics make for a great expriance6. Runs smooth on max settings on my pc (AMD six core 3.5 Mhz, 16 Gb RAM, 3Gb graphics, 750 watt power supply)7. Makes for a lot of fun for a good price8. Devs are adding more every month or soCons:1. Lack of good tutorial, recomend going to the fourms and reading about mechanics of game before playing2. Not a huge diversity of vehicles, can be fixed with mods3. You won't be succesful on your first try, its a thinking game, and takes time to learn the ropes4. Small dev team means progress is slow5. No AI competitors6. Production cap on industries, just a personal pet peeve of mine. It should be about 1000, accounting for the economic value of one unit of goods carried to one city and the nubmer of jobs provided by that good, but its capped at 4006. Not many useful guides on steam, go to the fourms for better ideas and solutions"
76561197964434055,Not Recommended,304730,16075686,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,quadrax,Unplayable. Screen is mostly black with terrain flickers... I haven't found any way how to report bug except forums. It looks like insufficiently supported game. I have Windows 7 with ATI 6950.
76561198038693747,Recommended,304730,14601068,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,CodenameFatt [LEET HAXOR],"Now, you may know about the haters of the game saying that its bad and other crap like that, KEEP.READING.Yes it has glitches, Yes it can be buggy but thats because you didnt read at all... It runs on 64 windows, if you zoom out it generates the models and the map that you dont see causing lag, the lag differs from this being a 64 bit game running the game on 32 bit windows and first thing to enter the game, if you dont want lag go to options (I think its called that) And change it to low, and apply. Now your done with the lag, what about the bugs? Report them for cries sake. Another note this game was made in 2014 september that shows why it isnt realy delved into, The developers do update this game so expect updates! If you have read this much good have a cookie. This game is 20 pounds (Differs for differant countries) it is a bit high but this game is adictive (Nowonder i havent done my homework)If you got THIS far gg to you now start playing! (If its still laggy or buggy go to the train fever website to see if your pc is right for it) (Or mac and others)"
76561197987174692,Recommended,304730,11991366,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Nats,"I lovely sedate transport building game where laying tracks is an art. Even on flat ground it takes skill to get track laid without excessive filling or cutting. Then you have to think about linking up stations and bridges, and also linking up your trains to your town road systems. I have played a few of these games before and this one is really nice. The trains take a while to fill up with people, there is loads of steam and smoke when they stop, the graphics look lovely expcially in the towns with the horse pulled carriages, and there is quite a bit to think about.If you want a fast game where you can layout massive circuits in a few minutes this game isnt for you. You really need to conctrate on what you are doing and plan ahead in this game.I is rather basic at the moment in terms of varied gameplay though. There arent any challenges other than not going bankrupt, and it all revolves around configuring your transport links and routes. But I am sure thios game will continue to grow into a really nice game. So I would say its a great start, the beginning of a potentially great game. But I would say for what is here at the moment its a bit pricey. A couple of free content packs might really make this game very good value though devs!"
76561198273971182,Not Recommended,304730,34777530,Posted: 6 September,all,Cartman,Even the menu is bad.
,Not Recommended,304730,30529553,Posted: 15 March,all,GewoonMatthijs,all the weird buggy things make the game really annoying.
76561198044755293,Recommended,304730,26213988,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Sgt SpiffyWiffy,"i love this game however i cant help but feel it is incomplete i want boats and planes to play with, farms with diffrent crops fishing ports and aniamls, factorys that actually make a decent amount of stuff, i want diffrent map tipes with islands or lakes and for them to be much much bigger as it is so easy to take off the hole map buses going around citys and trains from city to city and your done by 1900. you will never want for money again"
76561198230177148,Recommended,304730,33959845,Posted: 1 August,all,The Viking,"Personally, I prefer Train Fever to Transport Fever. Transport Fever is what Train Fever should have been all along, but it's too late to change that (or even complain about it).The game does come with its fair-share of issues, such as annoying collisions, random transport issues with some vehicles, no proper tutorial (even if, after 140 hours you should have mastered the game, it just takes a few tries to learn the basics) and some other issues that aren't really worth mentioning (the truth is, I can't remember them....).Gameplay is what you would expect from your usual transport-tycoon sim. You start in a certain period of time, set up passenger and goods lines, make money, refine the routes, make more money, and you keep going until you've covered the needs in goods & transport of each one of your cities.The randomly generated maps are also a nice touch, as it does make the replayability quite interesting.The game will also regularly go on sale for 1/4 of its price, so it's a really good value for what you're getting.All the achievements can be obtained, but some will require hours of work."
,Recommended,304730,30961670,Posted: 5 April,all,Wangsamuel,"It's a Good game.My computer isn't allowed to play transport fever So I can only play this.Large map,Cities,detailed person and trees.Shadows are real too.Try this before playing Transport Fever!"
76561198055462614,Recommended,304730,30979877,Posted: 6 April,all,Stepney Stroudly Pro.,"It's is good game, runs good, and works good, just sort of hard to play sometimes but it's good"
76561198190688757,Not Recommended,304730,29508089,Posted: 26 January,all,Dukey,"I really want to say something nice about this game but i just cant,i picked it up for £1.99 in the sale and i have currently played 6 long and frustrating hours.Im pretty sure if i could put myself through about 40+ hours i would get the hang of this game,the annoying part is it looks so simple until you want to do the simplest of things at which point the game turns in to a head scratcher and your left closing the game down wondering{LINK REMOVED}...why?!?I dont know how in to trains you need to be to buy this but my advice is dont,there are so many better games out there"
,Recommended,304730,16773630,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,david_c,"Train Fever is an addictive little transport simulator. It has some clear limitations, but for a casual sim fan it was easy to lose many(!) hours watching the trains and busses go 'round.It follows the template of Railroad Tycoon or TTD, so you'll be moving people or 5 different goods between cities and factories via rail, tram, or bus/truck. As you improve transport around the map, towns will grow, creating ever-increasing volumes of traffic.There's no stock market, ticket prices, or AI competitors - you just need to provide better transport for each resource (people and goods are individually tracked and can walk/drive a fair distance on their own to fulfill their needs).Even the smallest map is quite large, so rail will be a big focus. The most fun is to be had in laying track and getting your switching (though essentially just 1 type of signal) set up. Then you watch you (increasing terribly expensive) trains do their dance. As time progresses different types of vehicles become available, and you will need to work to find the right balance of routes, transport types, and number of vehicles to make a profit.The art, landscape, and animations are nice but nothing exemplary, and while there seem to be a good number of vehicle models, at any given time there's not a lot of variety (especially early game, where you will probably spend your first 10 hours or so). Variety is probably the biggest problem, as new industries don't seem to appear, there are no dynamic events/disasters/crashes, the routing logic is very basic, and there are no advanced track features (e.g. multi-switch sections).That said, there are some smart, modern touches to the interface that you will really appreciate (except no undo...) like being able to sort to visible routes, auto-healing routes, combining stops, and easily visualizing individual lines. If the developers continue to expand the content, this could become great game. As it is, I can still wholly recommend it to anyone looking for some light transport strategy."
76561198024676153,Recommended,304730,17739656,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,c.vergouwen,A nice game and a lot of fun
76561197995729528,Not Recommended,304730,18328598,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Michzm,"When I first played this game, I found it frustrating and clunky. I thought I'd do the right thing and give it 12 months to see if it got better and from what I can see it didn't. As someone who was a massive fan of TTD almost 20 years ago and in the last few an even bigger fan of OpenTTD, I was hoping this could be something similar with improved graphics.I will give it some credit, the graphics are great. Beautiful models and nice, if not largely empty, maps but it goes downhill from there. I found the total lack of a tutorial map a massive turn off and found it insulting that the developers had the shear audacity to link to player made guides when I needed in depth help. There was a simple help tutorial which was vague, just lines on message box and no pictures to illustrate if you weren't sure. I found trying create lines difficult and not always obvious as to why it worked sometimes and not other times and that when I was trying to added new stations to a line it would just select the station instead of adding it.Ultimately this game is definitely not worth $30, and honestly I would still feel like I got ripped off at $10. I'm going to put this in the ""Got burnt hoping this game would be like something else"" pile. What saddens me most is that I'm a huge fan of the Business Simulator genre that has fallen into obscurity in the last 10 years but it's games like this that give the genre a bad reputation and stop other, better games from being developed."
76561198115172728,Recommended,304730,17559087,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,joe_harris123,"The game mechanics are better than similar games of the same type especially the train/vehicle routing and track/road/tram building.The reduction in the number of available industries at first was disapointing, but, on reflextion means that your not thinking about a million things at the same time - I do sometimes think that too much is a game killer.My only disapointment was that you are not compeating against computer AI driven companies, but, over-all I like the game and definitely recommend it, especially to new players of this type of game."
76561198093411555,Recommended,304730,17570029,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,T_T,"Wonderful transport simulation game, amazingly beautiful and fun to play. The game feels very realistic, much less schematic in depicting the physical reality than, say, OpenTTD (it seems that some people dislike the limitations based on real-world constraints, such as allowed rail curvature and slope, but I enjoy this realism a lot).It looks like the most complaints about this game and negative reviews came from the initial release, and most issues have been solved by now.I give Train Fever 8 stars out of 10. If you are like me a long-standing fan of Transport Tycoon, TTD and OpenTTD, I definitely recommend you to give Train Fever a try."
,Recommended,304730,20280626,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lord Bardill,"If, like me, you are utterly terrible at transport management games because of their insane, in-depth levels of detail such as setting fare prices, goods prices, schedules etc, but you enjoy playing them regardless because you like watching the little trains and buses go pootling around, then this game is for you.It's simple, easy to learn, and a complete doddle on easy difficulty, yet still largely entertaining. It might be worth watching a tutorial or two, but once you know how to not go bankrupt, you'll be well on your way to having a pointlessly large fleet of A4's steaming around doing ol' Nigel proud."
76561198010090989,Not Recommended,304730,34886709,Posted: 11 September,all,Tomahawk,this is its very hard to work out how build track and get trams to run on track layed and i would like my money back!thank you
,Not Recommended,304730,24414504,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,/me,"Promising game.... though its incomplete and it looks like the developers address new DLC in favour of fixing the game itself. This game is in a state of ""Early Access"", i wouldn't even call it beta maybe a pre-beta.Nice graphics and music. But that's not enough for a good game.TF lacks an intuitive interface and track building is a real pain in the a**. I could live with that, but the annoyance just starts there. You may start with 1 track and one train between 2 stations. Now look into the future, you may want to extend your station - bad idea, you'll have to burn the old one down to the ground and replace it with a complete new one and even that one is limited to 5 tracks.... sorry guys that's an insult for every transport tycoon!Then there is that .... AI ... no, its more a very simple script that tells the train where to go. If you have more than one track at a station, the trains of a line (the list of stations to approach) will ALWAYS use the same track.... even when the others are unoccupied and more trains of the same line form a queue behind the first waiting train.... and other trains of other lines aswell.In other words: Its too difficult for casual players (interface/track building) and lacks very basic features for the expert players coming from OpenTTD or Railroad Tycoon.But hey, it's in real 3D and it looks good.....I am very disappointed and do not recommend this game."
76561198047134587,Not Recommended,304730,13791186,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,yellow,"It is probably just me but I love numbers and there is just not enough them in ""Train Fever"". I probably got spoiled by Simutrans and can't live without countless charts and minimap modes. Not only it is hard to assess how well the transport network is doing but the lack of feedback reduces the sense of achievement."
,Recommended,304730,22886032,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,B3NJ0007,A little bit like openTTD in 3D
76561198009469170,Recommended,304730,22766151,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,mukk,"Track building has its issues, but it's a definitive buy for anyone who likes the genre."
76561197974396757,Not Recommended,304730,18284438,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,きつね,"How would i summarize this game? ,♥♥♥♥♥♥, i have tried to like it i really have and there is alot of potential here, but the tipping point for me writing this review, after putting up with all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and finally getting towards late game , random crashes to desktop , to me it looks suspiciously like an out of memory bug ( the engine not my comp, it has 16gb , win7/64 )Here is what needs to be improved to get me to recommend this game- Fix the ♥♥♥♥ing late game crashes...- Improve the track editor so it doesn't feel like someone has installed HAL into the engine "" sorry i can't let you do that dave ""- The intro movie shows fantastic bridges / road network , yea ♥♥♥♥ off show a video of someone actually doing that in real time with no mods as it plays in the game, good luck on a 30 minute boring♥♥♥♥♥clip...- No competitor AI- The cargo logic makes no sense, everything must be delivered in 20 minutes, really ? , why ?- 4 industry types really? thats all there is...In short this game looks like it should have been in for development for another year and it would be this generations Open TTD, but instead we get a buggy engine that crashes and stutters even on high end machines, a frustratingly stupid track building system, and a road building system apparently inspired by "" lol i can curve da road ""...Likely to keep playing TBH , as it does have its fun moments, but be warned the devs are about to give up and move on and the problems are not likely to be fixed as some like the track building issues / terrain alignment issues have been present since launch."
,Recommended,304730,13526501,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pandaman0717,"choo choo, vroom vroom"
76561198035506750,Not Recommended,304730,20043295,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mike,"Train Fever? well.... not really.in short, feels like an early access game.-This game relies on road vehicles more than trains, the only thing trains are good for is losing money.-The scenery doesn't make the game any better either, maps are completely empty, bland and lifeless.-and the economy seems a little broken too, not getting enough passengers or profit from trading materials, factories not producing materials etc.-Gets kind of boring after a short while.A respectifull 4/10It's not necesarily a bad game but it's not that great either."
76561198079096462,Not Recommended,304730,20041638,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Krispert,"Unless you want to experience countless hours of frustration and disappointment stay away from this. The construction process is undoubtedly the worst and most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ever devised. The only thing you can do if you want to avoid mind boggling snafus is to lay a few single tracks and watch the trains as they roll.This game is a crossbreed between  Locomotion and Cities in Motion and tries to accomplish everything but fails miserably in every aspect. Track layout is like in Locomotion except you have more chances to win the Nobel prize than to build a tunnel. Junctions can only be very far apart so you'll have a difficult time building a non-trivial rail network on the very limited space and uneven terrain. Train routes are like the subway lines in Cities in motion so all trains on a route will use the same line in a station regardless of how many there are. Every time you alter a route with so much as a signal it will be reset and the passengers will disappear. They also disappear from the trains while they are transported. You can't build roads over rails, you first have to demolish rails, place the road and then build the rails again. You can't demolish reasonable rail segments the game arbitrarily chooses large chunks and even both rails if they go over a road or there is a junction. Terraforming is horrible as you level terrain, you can only raise, lower or 'smooth' it and only in three circular brushes although all buildings and tracks are rectangular. You can build while the game is paused but this will still erase the passengers waiting at stations and confuse the trains.There are only few vehicles and their running costs are excessively high, especially for trains. Mines and oil wells produce too little and have to be 'persuaded' to transport their cargo with your vehicles which takes a few years during which you'll only register big losses. You can't set the price for theThe ui is ghastly and cumbersome. The game freezes for many seconds at times and this gets worse as the game progresses.Documentation/help is missing in action. Not even a few lousy tooltips like transport tycoon had 20 years ago.It's such a pity there are so many serious flaws with a game which looks so good and has such detailed models and nice sounds and lighting. I really enjoy watching the vehicles move around and use the follow camera but whenever I have to build something it makes me so mad that i want to crash a few trains (which you can't do in this game by the way)."
,Not Recommended,304730,19961951,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ChiggenWingz,"Freight system is buggy and inconsistent. You'll get frustrated pretty quickly after you discover you are doing everything thats expected of you to get factories to put cargo in your stations, only for some weird glitch and they ignore you completely, thus wasting time setting up all the train and truck routes.Developers abandoning game early 2016, yet still so much left to fix interface-wise and general polishIf you come from Transport Tycoon, you will be dissapointed at how unfinished this game feels.Looks pretty, but thats about it"
76561198104389417,Recommended,304730,22461214,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,HelloA,"One of my favorite game. (Although it crashes sometimes)It is a great transportation management game, that I always wanted."
76561197965382043,Recommended,304730,22376654,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,foppn,"Its a Great game, was a bit Hard the first 20 or so hours before i managed to make profit and such.   There is a lot of guides Out there that i atleast felt was good to see/ real.I give this game a 9/10 rating.Add mods to this game and you will be able to rack upp the hours. 😊"
76561198008819319,Not Recommended,304730,28455039,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Flanders016,Bad graphics and poor interface makes for a boring tycoon game. This game can't even get the tutorial right.
,Recommended,304730,12333428,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Hoondarrh,I liked this game so much.Still need some improvements but looks very promising.
76561198026398393,Not Recommended,304730,20303183,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SilverWolf,"Plus:+ This is one of the best replicas of TTD(Transport Tycoon Deluxe) I've played to date.+ game is simple, easy to manage+ easy to build railroads+ an already present road system so you only need to plop down stations and depots and you are good to go road side+ really nice order setting menu for your vehicles+ an interesting mechanic that somewhat forces you to build both a rail and bus system in a city and they work off eachother to make more money.+ easy to replace vehicles+ graphicsMinus:- some factories dont produce goods if they don't have anywhere to deliver within a close enough radius- this does not change even when u make a station for said factory and there is nothing in the game implying it- poor terraform tool and no way to make elevation change projections before building, to save money- no easy way to make overlapping tracks or bridges over lines- poor optimizationI would give this a thumbs up and play the game a lot more than I have if it did not crash for me repeatedly, shortly after 1900, on two separate playthroughs. Worth a buy for under $8, but I don't think there is any guarantee the game will run well in to the late game."
76561198145283036,Not Recommended,304730,19341046,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,daniel.ilie0,"It is absolutely impossible to get started without serious planning. This makes this game an absolute nightmare.If you are into planning and like to spend hours before you can enjoy anything, then by all means purchase.As far as I am concerned this is a no go if you want to have fun. You are always referred to external walkthroughs and guides, which means that little or no thought was going to this product documentation.There are no tutorials in game, the menus are clunky at best (big icons, probably for tablet users without any tooltips).Understanding slopes and how to deal with them is made very difficult in this game. On the plus side the graphic details is very good, but that is all.All in all, do not buy for more than EUR 2."
76561198136748421,Recommended,304730,14691434,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Frozen Ranger,"Highly recomended, logistics at its best!"
76561197965296294,Recommended,304730,34754451,Posted: 5 September,all,DS7,"Very, very fun content for train & transport lovers. Stylish & varied music track!UI and explanations, say, more (much needed) tooltips need total rework. People nowadays want to learn by doing and rather read details as-we-go.This indie game (series) has got A LOT of potential."
76561198070822058,Recommended,304730,25466985,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Tiny Desk Spy,I Love Games Like This. Yes Some Of My Mods Crash The The Game But Vinallia Is Still Pretty Fun. Can't Wait until Traspot Fever Sometime in fall
76561198003313992,Not Recommended,304730,22870788,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,LowerCityTrash,Don't buy it for the full price less you want to be incredibly dissapointed.
76561198061352633,Recommended,304730,12006303,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Neal_911,This game is great fun and challenging. Nothing more satisfying than seeing the grumpy faces of your commuters when you cancel a train and put on a slow replacement bus service!
76561198029684289,Recommended,304730,23028582,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Sebooster,A nice game however the balance between trains being operational and the maintenance costs for it gives you a headache should you decide to play with trains in this game. Especially on hard level. So hopefully the developers will take this forward when working on the development of transport fever.
76561198045586632,Not Recommended,304730,22878292,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Lykasmitts,"good enough for trains. Wait for the 'sequel' which adds, supposedly, everything from transport tycoon.pretty much still ladden with problems and abandoned(watch the trailer for transport fever! It has a lot of features that were requested for trainfever but never delievered because the devs want you to buy a whole new game in order to enjoy basic features that should be included!)"
,Recommended,304730,22839593,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ando,Tons of fun. A few more vehicle models would be outstanding.
,Not Recommended,304730,15741936,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Egg,Im done with this dopey game. the AI are too dense to navigate a f*cking circle! Frustrating
,Not Recommended,304730,20454870,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Oz,"Terrain track development is difficult as doing a curvy one. No idea about the city and what they did, Now, it comes with a news that this game (which is lacking) will be left with final update for a new game which is for me also in question. Spending money on this piece is a fault for me."
,Not Recommended,304730,20760157,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,NoWar,"This is not a newer and prettier OTTD! As much as they tried to recreate the experience, and they came close, trying to play with no mods (to get achievements) is beyond frustrating. To lay one section of track can sometimes take forever because the building system is just not intuitive, refined, or even understandable at times! This one issues (and there are only 2 or 3) takes away from the game so much its not even enjoyable, and I have tried to play thru this ONE issue. 136 hours on record.If you don't care about any of the achievements (and other things in game), then you can enable mods to by pass the FRUSTRATION of not being able to delete the game generated roads (because they are main connections, and you spend an hour drawing OTHER MAIN CONNECTIONS that never work so you can get the useless road out of your way!). There have been many times Ill just quit in the middle of a game out of frustration.It is pretty, simple, and addictive if you vaguely enjoyed OTTD. But this ONE issues needs to be addressed before its really playable. Sadly until then, I would have to recommend to not buy it, unless its on sale for $5."
76561198074649966,Recommended,304730,26508134,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Rail607,Sick game. Ruined my life.
,Not Recommended,304730,24583517,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Senatorium,"Awkward controls. Terrible performance, even on Skylake and a R9 GPU. Poor balance, with trains being super-expensive. Fiddly track laying controls and primitive terrain handling. No Steamworks support for mods. You're better off with Railroad Tycoon."
76561198087061651,Not Recommended,304730,34783795,Posted: 6 September,all,__jaydee__,"Played for only a few minutes - bought bc it was on sale, but the interface is clunky and the game is slow, and boring."
,Recommended,304730,12039133,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,AnonOmis1000,"I would recommend this game to anyone who likes Tycoon games or OpenTTD. In my opinion this blows OpenTTD out of the water. First of all there's no grid system, so your roads and rail lines are more natural and fluid. Along with that, stations don't have an area of influence. The AI is smart enough to know that, if a station is close enough, it will take supplies and passengers there. The graphics are very good too. It looks great and I run the game on a laptop. I did have issues starting it up because it wasn't choosing the right graphics card, but it's fixed now. The audio is also great, both the sound effects and the music. The music is freaking awesome!As far as game play goes, if you've played games like this, it's pretty easy to understand.Now there are a few detractors. It isn't very well optomized for lower end machines, but that's minor as in this game skipping is only an annoyance. There also no in game tutorials, but I see that getting fixed in the future. The biggest draw back of this game is it's price. $35 for a game like this is pretty steep. I'm not too sure it's worth the price tag, so I'd recommend looking for it on sale."
,Recommended,304730,24171578,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then minePLEASE NOTE: I recommended this game with some exceptions, overall if the game did not live up to just a tiny expectation, I would not have recommended it at all, so please read the review carefully if you are thinking of buying/playing this gameA new fever is in the works, it's called Train Fever!Not really...Train Fever is a game developed by Urban Games and published by Gambitious Digital Entertainment and it's mostly like the classic Transport Tycoon Deluxe and OpenTTD, only... it's not as goodTrain Fever is a fun game to play, although I don't know why they just called it Train Fever as you can also add buses and trams but anyway, however, the game is very clunky and sometimes annoying. The train tracks to place them onto the landscape can be the most annoying bit of the game, this also includes bus stops and tram linesAlso, the game can be very annoying with the transport AI. I built a massive train system and thankfully it worked very well and made a lot of income, however, when I requested a train to go into a depot, it completely went onto a different line and completely ruined the train service (just like the Tube) and everything stopped making the game compeltely unplayable...Another thing which bugged me was the level of difficulty. The game is not easy and you would end up bankrupt immediately if not selective. Of course I understand that the game has to have some challenge but you can fail instantly if you muck up somethingTrain Fever also gives you absolutely no tutorial, it just throws you into the game and makes you read a long boring tutorial... no. Also, when placing the train tracks especially, the game's framerate chugs like hell, so much so, I have to stop and wait for the game to regain the framerates to make it even playable. Also, the game freezed for a couple of seconds to autosave which can be annoyingHowever, the game does have a fantastic level amount of detail. From the trains, to the house, people and cars and landscape, this also includes the sound effects, especially the train sound effects. The music on the other hand, isn't that greatI knew that the developers wanted to make a very good Transport Tycoon game but did not manage completely but tried. Thankfully they gave away free DLC which takes place in USA and they are developing a sequel to Train Fever called Transport Fever which I have high hopes forTrain Fever is a mixed bag when it comes to purchasing, I am in the middle when it comes to recommending it or not. I highly suggest that for this game you check out some reviews and gameplay videos before considering purchasing, but overall, Train Fever isn't that bad!RECOMMENDED :)"
76561198043521169,Recommended,304730,29375143,Posted: 20 January,all,dmmarkow,My 7 year old son loves trains and loves this game - hours of sandbox entertainment.  Great graphics and fun to watch.
,Recommended,304730,11988764,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Yavianice,"Great game with lots of potential (mods!). However, there are also some very weird, random, and obvious shortcomings (some are really really annoying) in this game, such as:- No real tutorial available, while the game has a steep learning curve.- No background sounds available, which is a big shortcoming!- No clear way to tell where people want to go to/work/leasure, which requires a lot of expensive trial and error. Use the Traffic Giant method by showing through colors where people work. Now only a 'Land Use' map is available, but it doesn't mean people actually work next door (why have a transportation simulator otherwise).- No minimap in the game, a big shortcoming with the huge maps.- When you have many lines, it becomes very hard to distinguish where lines are headed on different tracks, especially when you are colorblind. Would be better if you could highlight certain lines more clearly.- Very few vehicles available in the game, although modders are working to change that- You can construct railway crossings over roads, but not the other way around, which is SUPER ANNOYING- Only straight railway stations? Really??- Upgrading railway stations is incredibly annoying- Depots are one way only, which is terrible in case you have to replace a train in late game. Drive through depots are more realistic, and much better.- For some weird reasons,you cannot construct ""X"" crossovers for rails, only Y mergers, which is very annoying when you merge a lot of rails. ""X"" crossovers are part of elemental train track design, and leaving it out is completely random and not well thought out.- They should have made it easier to make flyovers. Making realistic flyovers is very hard due to the way the bridge pillars are implemented. Tunnels should be easier to make, too.- No way to customize the paint schemes of the trains. Devs say this is for reaslisms sake (while oddly not incorporating any realistic logos), however in real life, trains have been in different color schemes all the time in different decades (e.g. german trains) or special schemes. The trains are also a random collection of german/swiss/austrian trains, which makes the lack of paint schemes even more weird and unrealistic.It just seems to me that the devs didn't really think it through that much. However, despite these shortcomings, it is still a great game to play. Lets hope that the mods or devs will alleviate these weird shortcomings soon. Some pros:- It looks great- Trains are nice (especially steam trains!)- Runs smoothly for me so far (Retina Macbook Pro, with nVidia card, with Bootcamp), no crashes or bugs to speak of- Give it a few weeks/months when some mods have arrived, and it will be even more awesome."
,Not Recommended,304730,17243455,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Alemaumn,"The game is a promise. A nice idea getting better at every update. But now that urban games announced they will direct their efforts at a new game, I got a little frustrated. The game starts as a horse carriage simulation at the beginning, because trains in early game are pretty expensive and not cost effective. In the mid game trains become an interesting choice, but the performance drops dramatically. Also the cargo system doesn't make much sense even in the latest patches. I'd provide a positive review if the game was a beta with room for improvement. But because UG said Train Fever is complete and won't get much attention from now on, I wouldn't recommend unless it's an 80% discount sale."
76561198048744240,Recommended,304730,15989383,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,niklaSK,"Hi there, lovely new updates, I really enjoy the new lines colors and upgrades.Unfortunately I started to face a new problem - anytime I reach line number 50, the games stops working. I tried it with all the line types and unfortunately it always leads to the same problem.Any suggestion how to solve it?Thanks a lot!M."
,Recommended,304730,16784385,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,William Wallace,"I personally enjoy train fever, i picked this game up just after the big update they released that optimised the game very well, however in the late game there is a bit of lag at the end of each month due to there being so much things going on in the game. my only downfall with the game is the lack of content, yes the content is good quality and there is a free usa dlc to download which is basically a big overhaul to the game and changes everything into their american equivalent. however there are only three types of transport in this game: Buses, trams and trains, personally i have found the trams useless and just use buses every time. It woud be better if the game had planes or a subway system which would give much more possibilities. The only reason this is a good transport game imo is that it is not very old like every other good transport game and so giving a more friendly face to the newcomers of the genre.overall i would recommend this game if you are intrested in transport tycoons, if your favourite game is cod then don't buy this game."
,Recommended,304730,17872408,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Jays112,"Pay off loan, upgrade roads out of all towns to 2 lane bus lane country roads, connect towns with trains, connect town with buses to train station, you're set for a lot of money."
,Not Recommended,304730,16540526,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[E.FF]Thadwookie,"I dislike all the clutter and how the ui is, makes the game very hard to play when you already know what you want to do, just takes ya 20 clicks later. For example all the popups when you buy 5 bus, knowing you're going to put them on the same line. Then you must close 5 windows of video streams of the car, if you don't it lags any machine.. If their was an option ever to get rid of the video play back on select types of windows.. then this would be seamless and fun.. i find it more of a hastle to play when i get the ball rolling in my map it becomes frustrating to play, and no fun."
76561198011590712,Not Recommended,304730,17159590,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Merlin,This is a nice transport  game. But despite being on the lowest settings and getting quite bad lag once my company starts getting to a decent size I'm afraid it's getting a thumbs down.
76561198040340134,Recommended,304730,13788598,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,terry.creed,To anybody young or old to plan and strategize with trains or all vehicles to build an empire with money from easy to hard games from flat to hilly and also don’t be afraid to see others who’ve come before you and use the help of the community to show you how this game runs with walkthroughs there was a few in different languages and the first that I seen that was in English was Train Fever 101 by Monterico Gaminghttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2NZzDrzXcUuPGT0Q-U5fzUnoUGU4ETEyI wasn’t sure at all if I wanted to buy the game or not until I watched a few of Montes walkthroughs and then I decided to myself to buy the game and now I would not look backI also thank the game designers for 2 reasons 1 you’ve got a really good game and 2 I have read that you not only just put the game out that you listen and read the comments of the people that have got the game and from that the people’s comments you’ve actually added their suggestions that is unusual for this to be done I hope by doing this other game companies listen to their customers like you have thank you very much for what you have doneTerry
,Recommended,304730,17724845,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,filharvey,"Great game to play, reminds me of Transport Tycoon."
76561198168079194,Recommended,304730,24100548,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,lucas,Great game. Difficult but fun.
,Not Recommended,304730,34794776,Posted: 7 September,all,Zaphod Beeblebrox,"I bought this game because it was on sale but now I see why its price was reduced so much.Pros;-Looks nice.Cons;-The tutorial seems a bit hidden.-The controls are awful.-I couldn't find a way to change the controls.-Lag.-Long load time.As far as I can tell this is like ""Cities: Skylines"" except not as good."
76561198055527644,Recommended,304730,18685206,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,matmoos,hi i havent played four some time  glad i looked back at this one good work has ben done loads a lot quiker and a lot of bugs sorted would be nice to see beter mod suport ie steem workshop would be nice to see but as it is if you like this tipe of game you will loose hours of time  on this litle jem ill give it  9.9   /  10
,Recommended,304730,19898641,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Cobalt Mongoose,"A fun little simplified transport management game. better micromanagement than sidmyer railroads, fewer buggs too, First game from a new little company so its not perfect and it wont have ""everything"" you might expect. Still looks good and a great thing to play if you have time to kill."
,Recommended,304730,19577809,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,PlotTwist,"A train game that you never actually have to use trains in to make money. Honestly, I've made more money from buses and cargo trucks than I have with trains in this game. I've attempted to make a successful rail line many times, but failed. Almost immediately after I bulldozed all of my train lines and created bus and cargo truck routes, I began to make large sums of money. I'm almost on $100 million now without ever using trains. So, if you want a train game that's more profitable when you don't use trains, look no further.Edit: Alright, I might have lied when I said ""Without ever using trains"". You pretty much have no other option than to use trains when you first start the game, but once the steam powered bus becomes available, you can just create a bus route between two towns and use that to make money for the rest of the game. Easy peasy."
76561198031777870,Recommended,304730,19903512,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Terry,"Great and satysfying game, which does not let you build unrealistic tracks.However some people are unhappy, because that's exactly what they were used to build in previous games.So they actually say this is a bug.esus christ, what a terrible mistake. This game is brilliant and realistic! And the graphics and overall feel is just great.I've learned to build everything in 10 minutes by trial and error."
76561197976921299,Not Recommended,304730,19569158,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,RainY,I cann't build any building to grow the city and the citites are too unrealistic.
76561198136171902,Recommended,304730,13641723,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Aaron Bird,My game just wont load. anyon got a clue?
,Not Recommended,304730,14871538,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ämsi (RobYed),"I lost the facination of playing the game very quickly after I didn't get my railroads working correctly and the game crashed several times. I read three tutorials about signals, but still my trains do not run smoothly. Instead, they wait hours for trains to pass altough there is a lot of free space."
76561198042005382,Recommended,304730,17951133,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ModestMuse,Good game. I like it.
76561198113133613,Not Recommended,304730,19923341,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,kingk0214,Looks like a good game but I can't play due to a constant graphics card drivers need to be updated.   My drivers are  up to date on both  laptops and desktop so I can't  give a recommendation because I can't play it.
76561197986540316,Recommended,304730,22562704,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,cizalladura,Great game!!!!!
76561197972574165,Recommended,304730,14941366,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,ROliver,"This game is extremely good, took me way by surprise."
76561198024054204,Recommended,304730,17939743,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,[BA] [srf] [d&sr] Scar,um this is my first game review if i may ask can u have narrow guage and railway accidnets in the game y i ask is that if u have a small railway there is bound to be accindents there is no accidents and also can u add signal boxes to the game to make the signals work and haveing trains that have no cars being able to help a strugleing engine up a hill with out being coupled to the train and if the roads are over crowded the cars have accidents and haveing 2 set up a yard at your main railway station overall besides the stuff missing that i have mention above its a verry fun and challenging game BUT U NEED TO MAKE IT TO WHERE THE CONSOLE CHANGES DEPENDANT ON THE RESOULTION SETTING CHANGE IT OR ELSE URBAN GAMES
,Not Recommended,304730,27877479,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WhiteBr0wnie_24,"Very basic game. Not too good, you can buy it if it's 90% off, but It's not worth more than 2€. It just has the basic functionality for a game. You can build railroad-tracks, streets and depots and it's possible to assign vehicles to lines. that's it. Graphics are ok, but nothing special. Even if you like these type of games, you'll be bored pretty soon, because, like I said, it's a very basic game. Go and buy Sim City 4 instead. It's cheaper and way more challenging."
76561198131585871,Not Recommended,304730,20054689,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Eugen Bold,"TL;DR: Buy on sale, and only on saleWhen I first bought this game and played ~3 hours, I was enthralled. This game had reignited a passion for trains (steam trains especially) that I hadn't had since I was 10. The game immersed me in a potent mixture of nostalgia and wonder. I recommended the game based on these feelings.Another ~5 hours later and the illusion of wonder has worn off. The cracks have begun to show, and now I understand why reviews are mixed. Because the game is essentially a mixed bag - here's why.My specs I've been playing this on are:Intel Core i5 @2.5GHz8GB RAMIntel HD 4000 Graphics (mobile)I'm gaming on my subpar school laptop. The game actually doesn't look bad on the lowest settings. Stutters a bit when zoomed completely out and viewing the full map, but as long as I don't zoom out completely, it plays pretty well. Props to the game for that.Moving on: the gameplay - you build bus routes to ferry your passengers around inside cities, build train stations in these cities to connect cities to each other, and watch as the passengers line up at the station, begging to be allowed onto one of your fancy railroad cars. Add sidings, loops, or even another whole length of track to allow more trains to ferry your passengers between towns. Expand to another town, repeat the process! Dig tunnels and build bridges! (you even get to choose your kind of bridge truss!) Add more cars to your trains and upgrade them as technology advances with time! Cargo trains are much trickier (based on what gameplay I have they seem more like a late-game feature), though they are much more complex than simply connecting passenger lines together. Hook up different industries and resources like coal mines, ore mines, sawmills, and more and connect them to goods manufacturers like oil refineries, lumber yards, and more! Pay off your initial starting loan and make millions! Sounds great, right? Well, it is. What ruins the experience in the long-run is the UI.The first (and biggest) mistake the game makes is lumping all your bus and RR lines for all cities into ONE management window. Doesn't seem like a big deal, right? Not at first. But it becomes really frustrating later on when I'm trying to see which bus lines correspond to which railroad lines, which ones are running cargo, and why some bus lines are losing money. Every line is numbered. So if I create two bus lines in three different cities, and then connected two of the cities with one RR line, it would look like (ignoring the parenthesis and the words inside parenthesis):LINE 1 (bus line city 1)LINE 2 (bus line city 2)LINE 3 (bus line city 3)LINE 4 (railroad line for city 1-city 2)Yes, each line is color-coded, but that doesn't significantly alleviate the problem. Additionally, the way line numbers are listed, it's extremely wonky. Say I have 30 bus and railroad lines. The game will list the lines as follows:LINE 1LINE 11LINE 12LINE 13[...]LINE 19LINE 2LINE 20LINE 21[...]LINE 29LINE 3LINE 30THIS IS HOWTRAIN FEVERNUMBERS ITS LINES!!!It becomes a logisticalnightmareto manage your trains. Make no mistake, large corporations can be bureaucratic minefields to one degree or another, butTrain Fevertakes it to an unreasonable level.The other major part of my beef with this game is the laying of track. Specifically, train stations. So I want to have a passenger station and, the way I was planning it, I was going to have a cargo train directly across from the passenger station. No biggie, right?WRONG, WRONG WRONG!!!> try to build cargo station directly across from passenger station with tracks in between> TF hates me> lay down second line of track and over a road just outside of where planned stations will be> creates two-line railroad crossing> still can't build cargo station without the game raging on me> give up after 45 minutes> try to delete one of the lines crossing the road> TF wants me to delete both> rage> begrudgingly delete double-RR crossing> try to lay down new track to reconnect original passenger station>Unable to place track> Rage> delete road> able to lay track> try to repave road>Unable to pave over track, you must build track after paving road> RAGEOn that note, the game will seemingly at random not want to place track in a given spot or create a split line for whatever reason. It's frustrating when it seems it happens for no good reason.I bought this over winter sale for 80% off ($6 USD). That's all it's worth."
,Not Recommended,304730,27826581,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KibosJ,"Crashes all of the time, sometimes after pressing play, sometimes after loading the map. Used to be a fun little game too!"
76561198198492479,Recommended,304730,16060785,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,coconut_pie,"nope. i cant play it on my computer, when i start it train fever opens so that i am in the menu then  2-5 seconds later the game quits and it does this every time. my computer is a laptop and it has this speccs- AMD athlon || duall core processor-3 gb of ram-windows 7-Ati radeon graphics card-200 gb of hard drive storage.i would recommend it due to its nice gameplay which i have seen in videos but amd users buy this game at their own risk, maybe its just my computer which has this problem. :-/"
76561198149875560,Recommended,304730,16787525,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,earliestriley,nice buisness sim with nice details
,Recommended,304730,14503218,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Dethus,this game takes many play thou to understand the building of routes and theres tons videos on youtube from alot of players so if u like to see how others do it ull have fun with this game
,Recommended,304730,14475661,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Soul Eat,"A new revival in a almost forgotten series, the last good title I can remember was Sid Miers Railroads, and that was in 2006, Good game, needs work but very thought after."
,Recommended,304730,22964545,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,EffingFancy,A really great game so far. Challenging but relatively intuitive.The only difficulty was learning to use signals.
76561198048002937,Recommended,304730,16730812,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Birdi,It's okay... not great  need a $$$ hack
76561198142707862,Not Recommended,304730,21522163,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,khiallinx,"Very nice graphics and enjoyable to play. In an older version trucks could transport ore to a refinery then pick up goods to take back to town. Very useful if, like me, you have a map where your raw materials and refinery are on opposite sides of the town. However this is no longer the case and I lose a lot of money with empty trucks having to run a long distance to return to a goods pickup. This and little niggles like this ruin this game for me. It isnt all I hoped it to be. I really hoped it would be a more up to date version of Transport Tycoon (one of my all time favorites).I have to give this a thumbs down until these little things get resolved (and I hope they do).Would I recommend this to someone? Not at the moment I wouldnt ..no.Update: No updates have been made available for this game. It seems the developers have abandoned it. It is a shame as it had the potential to be a good game, a really good game. All There is left for me to do now is say save your money and go find something else.What a great, great pity.."
,Not Recommended,304730,25061933,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Alfaceazul,Fix the game!!!
76561198092131232,Not Recommended,304730,19143725,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,May,"Very promising game with beautiful graphics. But to make it short: it doesn't work.Economy doesn't work------------------------------Connecting two really close cities by train can take the train up to two years game time to travel from one station to the other. You pay train maintenance several times just to transport a handful of passengers over a short distance. Silly enough since the train only shows up every two years it is nearly impossible to attract passengers. The same applies for goods but even worse, instead of waiting for your trunk, the cargo travels by itself to its destination.Transportation doesn't work:------------------------------There is no way to schedule trains or trunks so over time they will always mass up behind each other meanting that the first vehicle makes profit and the rest dosen't. But since one vehicle by itself cannot transport sufficient cargo, factories do not upgrade. Instead, cargo travels mystically by itself to its destination.The same applies for passenger trains. The first train takes all the passengers and therefore takes longer to load / unload. The next train will instantyl follow up and thus does not gain anything. And since all your trains are waiting behind the one serving the most passengers, all other stations in the rail line are not served at all!  No matter how many efford you spend on sending your trains, it will always turn out that way- there is no way to shedule trains in any way.Building doesn't work:------------------------------You can spend hours (real time) trying to figure out how to build road overpasses, tunnels ramps etc. because you cannot do it in one step and the game will randomly tell you ""terrain does not align"" or prevent you in other ways to build what you whant. Futhermore each attempt creates landscape artefacts which do not only look silly but prevent you even more from building road or rail connections.The developers spend a lot of efford in this game and keep it updated ever since. But I'm trying to play this games for almost a year now and although a lot of changes are made, no real improvemetns to the core problems came up. I really tried to like this game due its beautiful graphics but again: it doesn't work."
,Recommended,304730,24211430,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,eeenrique,(งꖘヮꖘ)ง
76561198044923207,Not Recommended,304730,21878454,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Burgundavia,"This is a fantastic idea of a game - the execution sucks. It is hard to lay lines or roads, building bridges is a nightmare, etc. Basically, the fun parts about building a transportation network aren't fun. And I say this as somebody who has played thousands of hours of Transportat Tycoon and its many sequels."
76561198023400640,Recommended,304730,22098784,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,alobosk,"I've played it for almost 120 hours. It's so entetaining. Not as complex as other sims but it lets you do your tracks, your stations, develop economies..."
,Recommended,304730,26080636,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,BritishRabbit,"I enjoyed it, it's weird and annoying at times and freight is a bit of a headache to work with but I enjoyed it."
,Not Recommended,304730,22080580,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Dr. Funkenstein,"Perhaps now that this game is officially abandonware my review won't get downvoted by frosty-eyed shills.I deleted my first review because some time after I posted it I presumed it would be long out of date. Unfortunately the game remains unfinished, now officially abandoned, with many important features for creating a network such as simple crossovers are left out, many promised features abandoned such as content expansions along with further support for a game that is still pretty broken. The engine seems to have been unfinished or unsuitable from the start, an inability to cross roads over rail is something which apparently can't be fixed. The building system is frustrating, the game is feature lite, the whole experience has been frustrating.I wanted to like this game, much of my play time is idle time spent minimised while I while away frustration in order to give the game more chances. Maybe buy this game on sale for a fiver if you really want to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out playing trains and you keep wishing there was something more modern than Railroad Tycoon or OTTD. DO NOT get burned for full price like I was foolish enough to be."
76561198030874808,Not Recommended,304730,22208222,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Hoh Ceh Geh,"A swiss company tried to do the next ""Transport Tycoon"", but they are not Chris Sawyer  (the creator of the Transport Tycoon games) and now we are not in the 90's.The result? They built a slow-at-the-end tiny-map game that at maximum is a communter train simulator for a middle-sized city in a incredibly boring map. Graphics, other than trains, are simply ""meh"". Plus, you do by far more revenue with buses (in a game called ""TRAIN fever"") that with trains, even more, you go bankrupcy with trains if they are no 100% full all the time and only 5 years old.What has gone wrong? Easy, Chris Sawyer developed the original game using a programming language called ""Assembler"" that allowed him to juice ALL the resources of the computer at that time so the result was amaizing. The swiss team but used a 3D engine base, that also is based in tons of another programs, so they had little control of where the resources of the computer are spent. Actually is not their fault, the 3D simulation and its level of freedom of possibilities is by far more complex than the 2D graphics of the original game plus using that kind of programs is a normal choice by small software companies.What to do? Play OpenTTD (it's FREE), and if you love it, help it to fund a better graphics patch. That's all.Finally, please note that is simply impossible to do a decent high-scale 3D transport game, too many resources spent for a game that will be used by not a big chunk of people (hoping that I'm wrong about that last sentence)."
,Not Recommended,304730,22136740,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,stankiem,"It works well, and seems very playable.  But too easy, it needs AI, and good AI in order to be fun.  Or a competitive multiplayer feature.  Currently, you're just building a train empire and not really running into any challenges.  If it had AI and/or multiplayer it would be a great replacment for transport tycoon!  If they add AI or MP I will buy it again and not return it this time  ;)"
,Recommended,304730,20218549,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,leonwetzel,Buggy at times but a lot of fun. Not worth twenty euro's though...
,Recommended,304730,23703936,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,AvArOrNGaMiNG,Very good game and nice graphics but lags spikes is horrible :/
76561198032257189,Recommended,304730,24018230,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Gamonite,I like it!
76561198034667279,Not Recommended,304730,26499151,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,toohottie,"Should have been an update to Train Fever. Maybe even if it was marketed that way I still would have paid $25 for it. Now I paid $25 for a ""new"" game and just feel cheated."
,Recommended,304730,21241236,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,karl_gaming1456,"Really good game for builders such as myself, but one thing I really hate is when I connect to other towns my computer can't handle it and the monitor sleeps...while the game is still running. To clarify let me explain a little more. I'm having a nice time playing TRAIN FEVER-then suddenly the mouse disappears and the only mouse icon left is the one for the game itself. When I finish my tracks the graphics go down to about 15fps. I had a nice time playing then when I exit out my computer ask me to put my password in which indicates it has been asleep...I think I need to take it to the doctor, somethings wrong with it."
,Recommended,304730,21304583,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,{NOR} Lister471,"The game is ok, i do at times find it slow going, however i think thats just me, i tend to compare things alot to older games. However if you looking for a game where you can play with transport vehciles then give it a go."
76561197970835937,Recommended,304730,24322205,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,whymzksonice,One of the BEST games i have played
,Recommended,304730,24608591,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ShadowSteel18 [The Otaku],"Okay I am a bit of an expert in the Transportation Managment Simulation genre and I have to say this game is one of the best (at least until Transport Fever is release later this year) that I've played so far.  Coming from games like Chirs Sawyer's Transport Tycoon (1993) and Railroad Tycoon 3 (2003?) this one is a little more challenging right out of the gate.  The economy is very well implemented.  The longer your company has been around the easier it is to expand, and the easier it is to make money.  Sure there are still a few problems with upgrading things and sure cronstrution is a little wonky, but those are small beans compared to how much fun the game is.  There hours of replayability with this game and it is well worth the $30.  Plus the USA DLC is free.  There is no reason not to buy this game."
,Recommended,304730,25904532,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Cheeki____Breeki,"If you want to spend hours and hours and hours setting up road systems and bus routes and debugging why you cant send enough goods to your towns to make your trips even the slightest bit profitable, then this is the game for you.For real though, this is a great game and i've enjoyed binge playing it. Catchy soundtrack too. It really gets into your subconscious after a while.10/10, cant wait for Transport Fever (the sequelish to this game)"
76561198203302537,Recommended,304730,25012180,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,baileymills264,ITS GOOD GAME OF A TRAIN SPOTER LIKE ME
76561198072550443,Recommended,304730,26136903,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Top-Man,If you like trains get it if you dont like trains get it anyway we got cars and stuff. And if you dont like trains or cars just get it any way.
76561197995579298,Not Recommended,304730,12102241,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Andi,"UPDATE 2: It got worse. Much worse. After some time, I decided to play this game again. And I have to say, despite all the updates, the performance (lags, stutters, freezes) and graphic issues (flicker, things popping up from nowhere, screen turning black for a second) made this game unenjoyable, unplayable even. At least for me, I hope not everybody has the same issues.....UPDATE 1: With the addition of waypoints, it just crossed my personal threshold to be recommendable. One can clearly see that it got and still gets better!This game has huge potential but it fails to deliver. I played for a couple of hours and it was a constant back and forth between like and dislike. I really,really, try to like this game and although I somehow do, I can not recommend itin its current state.PROsThe look and feel. It is a pleasure to look at the cities and vehicles.The dynamic city grow.Modding support.The fact that the devs have a post-release plan.Setting up lines is easy and enjoyable, it gives this ""let me optimize that line even more"" feeling.Every type of vehicle (road, tram, train) has its purpose.Real Swiss trains!CONsPoor performance, it constantly stops for a fraction of a second, especially if you follow vehicles.Build tracks and roads is a pain. ""Collisions"" and ""Terrain alignment"" all the time, even if you can see that there is nothing in the way.Lines get messed up randomly (e.g. inserted loops around the block).Vehicles can grid-lock themselves.Train networking is very limited (no train crossings, no 3-way switches, no cross-switches, a line is using only one track at a train station even if there are other free ones, signal usage limited).I think the CONs are fixable. If that happens, it will double, if not triple, the fun of this game!"
76561198007705211,Not Recommended,304730,13726534,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Titan357,"67 hours in, only disappointment.Railroad tycoon 2 and 3, SMRR and Locomotion are all better games."
76561198087951527,Not Recommended,304730,16133590,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,shengchenli,"Huge Amount of Bugs ..... The system sometimes cannot find the correct train path.Bug太多，火车经常找不到正确路径Very unstable implementation, crashes every ten mins when I play.程序非常不稳定，每10分钟死机一次When load a saved game, don't be surprised if your computer is crashed.读入进经常死机。"
76561198047319121,Not Recommended,304730,16218816,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,mosesmaster,"Very Boring ( old transport tycoon was much better )When you move on in the yrs The transport moves ie:you get the new transport .. Shame it would be nice to keepSteam trains & lorries, buses, from the 1930s upto 2000"
76561198072141620,Not Recommended,304730,16278655,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,madshdk,"After the latest update of the game, it seems to have stop working properly. When in game, the interface have dissapeared and the options menu no longer contains graphic settings.*Any ideas?"
,Not Recommended,304730,17018377,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Saucisson Furtif,"This game seems more stable with the recent patch, but really slow for no added value.Unfortunately, the trains are often losts (unable to find paths, you need to rebuild the path, or move the depot in a more convenient way, sometime illogical), or routing them is not amusing at all.Modifying the terrain is a joke since is better to build something to arrange terrain and delete it than using the terrain tools.double road crossing with that game seems to be more complex than lauching a satellite on Mars.Economy : you can't define the base ticket price, or the TCO of a single transport device, so ""Advanced passenger simulation "" is only the way to manage the transport from residential to commercial zones, nothing more, Sim City 3 can offer more for this.they missed the greenlight."
76561197960346510,Not Recommended,304730,17564282,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,TheCinC,"TLDR: while it looks great and has a wide variety of trains to choose from, especially thanks to mods, it is just not a great game and the DEV's are moving on to another game. I mostly played this game earlier, before the US update, but I reinstalled it some time afterwards and gave it another shot. Not that much appears to have changed, which is disappointing, as there are still quite a few things that could be improved. They promise they will keep supporting this one at least for a while, but major updates probably won't be forthcoming. I'm expecting only some bugfixes, not added content or changed mechanics. Such a shame. It is, in many ways, a decent game. There are also various mods which improve the game even further. But it is certainly not a great game. It really showed a lot of promise and might have ended up as a much better game than even Railroad Tycoon or any of its successors, never mind Transport Tycoon. Now my hope for that is fading fast. So not recommended, unless you're a hardcore train fanatic, eager to play anything to do with trains.Long version: there are many good things about this game. It looks pretty great. It allows you to play with trains and road transport alike. It allows you to build a transport network across a map, connecting various cities and industries, which evolve and grow as you play. New trains and vehicles are unlocked with time. You can play with European or US buildings. It can be a lot of fun to lay out a track and watch your trains, even high speed TGVs, race across them. Unfortunately, the flaws of the game are very distracting.Track laying is often anything but intuitive. There are a few guides on how to create overpasses and the like, but that kind of thing should be easy to do and it isn't. It often feels as if you're wrestling the game, to try and trick it and get it to do what you want it to do. I've had episodes where the game kept telling me something couldn't be done, or where tunnels ended up coming out just wrong so I had to relay track that then didn't match up, costing me literally millions or whatever coin is used in game, bankrupting my company so I had to restart from a save game. Sometimes I was just trying to lay track alongside of existing track, or turn a single track bridge into a two track bridge and the game just wouldn't cooperate. Why is there no option to lay out track, check if it is the right way, THEN confirm to actually lay the track? How about an undo option? Sometimes you try to lay track and the game things it is easier to carve down a hill, costing you millions, instead of just building a tunnel. Although there is something to be said for the feeling of being victorious when I managed to do something that the game had absolutely refused to cooperate with, even told me repeatedly that it couldn't be done, I highly doubt that any game should be made that way and that people would want to play a game that worked like that.I also ran into trouble trying to get my trains to pass each other at a crossing. They ended up stopped, again costing me millions before I was able to fix it or forcing me to go back to an earlier save. Just when you think you've laid it out properly, a train stops, for no apparent reason and just turns back, headed the wrong way, all the way to the other side of the map, only losing money in the process. This game really should be able to use signals in a proper and realistic way. But even trying to create proper switches or points (intersections) is next to impossible. When I think I've managed to do exactly what I wanted, they end up confusing my trains so much they just stop altogether or start running on the wrong track. This is a game that tries to appeal to train enthusiasts, the trams and road vehicles seem to be thrown in as an extra, but it doesn't even get the train thing right. All in all, it feels unfinished.Some things are really still pretty basic. You can't create a map from scratch or adjust the random map in any way. So no placing industries, creating or deleting villages, nothing. Adjusting the settings un such a manner as to make it as flat as possible still results in a map with significant hills, so I can forget playing on a map that even remotely resembles my native country, never mind create an exact replica of an existing area, no matter how small, as the maps are also still pretty small even at the largest settings. The game inclused road vehicles in addition to rail vehicles, but don't include either water or air transport at all. This makes no sense and further limits the opportunities in the game.Improving or deleting streets is also quite difficult. Some options, like highways, don't even exist. Other options don't work very well, as you quickly end up having to destroy entire buildings, at great expense. In the end, you still end up with gridlock, with no clear way of getting people to get out of their cars, to take public transport. I have a sneaking suspicion that the AI that governs where people want to go is very, very basic and very, very flawed. That makes a game like this pretty much pointless, as instead of a realistic and challenging transport network, you end up having to play along with some obscure rules.When I played earlier, there were several serious issues, that should not have been allowed to exist in a released game. At one point, I ended up with several corrupted savegames, at another I was completely unable to remove sections of road as they were deemed to be an essential connection, despite them not leading anywhere. I haven't played the current release of the game long enough to be sure, but I haven't encountered them again and am willing to give them the benefit of the doubt and assume both are fixed now. However, it says something about the state the game was in when I bought it and the level of Quality Control that these flaws were in a released game in the first place. So what hope do I have that their next game will be released in a better state? Why would I preorder that one, or buy it at full price, or even at all, based on this experience?This game comes pretty close to being great however, which makes it all the more sad. With the Developers moving onto another game, there won't be as much support as there was, so all hope of this game being improved to be all that it could ever be, seems lost. It is not terrible, but it is certainly not great. It has something for enthusiasts, but mostly because of how little competition there has been in this field in the past few years. It leaves me feeling disappointed and sad, eager for more. And yet it could have been so much more and seemingly without too much effort. I've seen some interesting suggestions on the community hub and if the publisher changed its mind and came out with a solid update, that would fix the remaining flaws of the game and expand on its possibilities, I might even be persuaded to buy it. Something that I would do with reluctance, as it is still rewarding a company for releasing an unfinished game, but if it was good enough, I'd be willing to set that aside. They have people to feed too and moreover, I really want a game like this, only better. Just a bit better. I get the impression the developers were disappointed too, that they were too ambitious and now want to wash their hands of this game and move onto the real thing. But that would be wrong. Not only because they risk losing the trust of their customers forever, but also because they pass up the opportunity of making something really impressive out of this. They should invest in this game and really build it into a flagship product, show us what they really can do. Then keep releasing expansions. Then move onto the next engine and improve the game even further. They could milk us for years. How is that for a marketing strategy?"
,Not Recommended,304730,18133999,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Knudsen,"Recent changes to the cargo system has made it to illogical. That combined with a near broken simulation at higher difficulties just makes it a empty-shell of what it could be.For what this game offers, you'll be better off looking at OpenTTD."
76561198060150184,Recommended,304730,15575863,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,SuperFidel,"Excellent! Think of  Sid Meiers Locomotion, Railroad Tycoon, combined together, at least x10 better. Nice graphics, Irecommend it!!!! 5 star!"
,Recommended,304730,15779846,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,EKS,I had several fun hours in this game.
,Recommended,304730,15547947,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Sky715,"This game is more than just a train game, it brings about the use of management of railways and city building, as well.Train Fever was a little tricky at first when trying to figure railroad set-ups, luckily there were aids that helped conquer the problems. I have fully enjoyed the game and look forward to more content."
76561198075200477,Recommended,304730,15921888,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Mikester,Brilliant game. 300+ hours on it and still not bored of it.
76561198010734733,Recommended,304730,15957013,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,rbaldwin,"This is a well made game.  Excellent graphics, absorbing gameplay, well coded, my only downside is it could use more content.  Would like to see an expansion."
76561198295742887,Not Recommended,304730,33363755,Posted: 7 July,all,NxtGenDumDum,I have one word to describe this game: Terrible..Never played it.. Game crashes every time when in the loading process. Known bug to the devs. Devs won't fix said bug that prevents people from even playing the game. NOPE! NOT STANDING FOR THAT!  Don't buy this game!
,Recommended,304730,22788919,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Tenminer117,Really fun game. And it's great that the expansion was free.
76561198176085234,Not Recommended,304730,28915667,Posted: 1 January,all,btbroyals,"This game looked good when i saw what you could do, but i would not buy this because it crashes on within two minutes of me playing the game. Luckily I got this on sale for two bucks but Never pay full price for this game."
,Not Recommended,304730,28779096,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,sonic0609,Huge waste of money. Barely works right and not easy to use.
,Not Recommended,304730,33597728,Posted: 16 July,all,n00b_asaurus,"I saw the negative reviews and figured it was just some quick conclusions people made without actually investing any time into the game. I bought it, and I'm here to say DO NOT BUY! This game is really clunky! The controls are aweful, not just unintuitive, but they keep spitting errors with no hint of what your doing wrong or how to fix it. The game is called ""Train Fever"" so I would imagine it would be mostly about trains.... Nope! The game starts you out with building bus lines... if you can call them bus's. It starts you out in London during the 1800's, your bus's are horse-drawn-buggies. There are trains of course... but the cool trains are part of a DLC. So don't expect to see any A3 or A4 class locomotives until you purchase that. Theres a business aspect to it, like planet coaster or games like it. But no matter what you do you start out absolutely hemorrhaging money with no signs of slowing down. Where as other games with this mechanic will at least let you control your losses before you start gaining. The tutorial just kind of glosses over the stuff without really showing you how everything interacts with each other. and of cousre, all of this is assuming you can even get a world to generate... I was eventually able to, but it took a few tries. Honestly I had high hopes for this game, and it just seemed like one big let down."
,Recommended,304730,29746153,Posted: 6 February,all,Shizniticus,"Not sure where all the mixed reviews are coming from but I picked this up last night for $6 on sale. Well worth it.I liked it so much I looked into the newer version, Transport Fever and just purchased that because while Train Fever is a great little game, Transport Fever has much more depth (per YouTube Vids I watched).There is a learning curve. It's not terrible. I started a new game several times after learning some critical mistakes but it was fun so restarting wasn't a real problem for me.Looking forward to Transport Fever tonight after work!"
76561197984389901,Recommended,304730,23374249,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,jon_8ball,love this game. only thing i would change is make it easier to load and off load from trains to depots. In real life Trucks unload and pick up near trains. It should be the same in the game
76561197973934494,Not Recommended,304730,34860378,Posted: 10 September,all,MrDuck,Track laying is very nice but path finding is not. This rendered the game unplayable for me.
,Recommended,304730,34793412,Posted: 7 September,all,KangUBER,"I like this game , 8/10 . Building a transport lelelelelz ."
76561197974014424,Recommended,304730,34802585,Posted: 7 September,all,JellonaII,Choo Choo
76561198126046526,Not Recommended,304730,32888782,Posted: 27 June,all,god of russia,wont even load looks like a good game but sadly wont load and have no idea how to fix a stupid bug in loading the game
,Not Recommended,304730,19141605,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Beej,"*sigh* I like simulation games... I figured the price was a bit much, so I waited until it was on for 9.99... Well, after playing it for a little... Deciding it wasn't a good game. Quitting.  Coming back the next night, giving it another chance... for 2 hours... Yeah no. Sorry.Interface isn't that great. There are a bunch of times you're mind just goes ""why did you do it like this??""...Don't buy unless it's maybe free, or close to free... Even then I wouldn't bother."
,Not Recommended,304730,34095146,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,"I love trains, and I love games, but this just failed to deliver. Feels like the developers gave up."
76561198038443125,Not Recommended,304730,26514340,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,lagoonav,"This studio is♥♥♥♥♥♥Complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t – only 15% discount for buying an unfinished game then the developer deciding at random to roll updates into a new game #pirating from another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ studio, not making the same mistake twice.They did not fully support the first before making the second and charging 38$ Canadian - this is complete and utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, the first game isnt even done I was really looking forward to the first being completed - yet they are rolling updates that should be for train fever into this.I posted this on the main website but as it is moderated I doubt this ""opinion"" is going to make it."
76561198090913520,Not Recommended,304730,17526114,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Lenkdrache,"Fair Warning: the game is glitchy, rarely fixed or updated, and looks NOTHING like the video. Buy with extreme caution, and don't be too sad when you realize this game is worth about 99 cents."
,Not Recommended,304730,26070215,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mr. Manny,"I would really, really like to like this game. But for some reason, there's a good amount of tiny little grievances here and there that just breaks pathfinding and lines eventually. Plus, a good number of types of railroad crossings are just not possible to construct. As it is, I cannot in good faith recommend this and I am also worried that the same slightly game-breaking oddities will sneak into its successor."
76561198015507292,Not Recommended,304730,22889501,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,LuckiDog,"Best thing about this is the music. There doesn't seem to be a game here, just a sandbox. Frustrating interface, and the software cursor is laggy as heck."
,Not Recommended,304730,18118377,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ImmortalCookie,"Good idea but poor execution ... not even close to Transport Tycoon Deluxe !!!! Trying to build rail tracks is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥.... Sometime , you can't just put rail tracks on terrain and even create cross junction and you won't know why ... there is no campaign mode or missions .. just a plain sandbox without any proper guides ... Thanks to Steam Refund , I'm able to refund my purchase ....  definitely not worth $29.99"
,Not Recommended,304730,13602150,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bluestreak,"Clunky UI, tutorial leaves much to be desired.Getting started should not be as much a challenge as currently set.Challenge/learning curve is far too steep for any anount of fun to be had.Avoid at all costs."
76561198041565318,Not Recommended,304730,22918214,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Alphamule,"Let's keep this short, not worth your time. For a game named ""train fever"" you don't make much money using trains. Road transportation is far more cost effective even *after* you've spent money on building a railroad. Railroad construction is extremely costly and time consuming. Setting a ""line"" to replace old vehicles only works on the vehicles that have not yet reached the lifetime that you set. It's also very slow moving, on the fastest speed you get about a day a second, so about 10 years an hour. Ugh.... So rediculously slow!"
,Not Recommended,304730,13620719,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DaxAra,"DO NOT BUY!!!!After hours of gameplay and patch after patch this is my conclusion:The developers do not -seem- to be able to (or just won't / don't care) fix the bigger problems at all.This game is essentially a big-fat-pretty-screenshot-generator.There is no balanced gameplay and its needs the community to preform basic functions.other basic functions (the onces not handed over to the community) are just broken.the UI is terrible, and has only one landscape layout.there are options but they dont do much.the game lags and whines about things that are 'your' fault.oh and the USA DLC is probably done in 5 mins (apparently all of the USA is desert)"
76561198055022620,Not Recommended,304730,17534839,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,yorkie38,"I found this game to be one to get right, but for some reason, I am getting an error message, it says it cannot stop, software problem, not due to any stop signals placed or any other item placed in the game.I should like my monies replaced in my bank.John"
76561198084223174,Recommended,304730,14686380,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,shiny-brownes,it's not very good this game needs a lot of improvements and i don't know why they're are coming out with DLC befote the game is decnt to play :( i was hoping for a game like open TTD with the inndustries but focus more on trains
76561198001017145,Not Recommended,304730,22897672,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,JS Clifton,"4/10, do not recommend.  I'm getting ""Space Base DF-9"" flashbacks while playing this.Pros:>Better visuals than Railroad Tycoon>Cities build and evolve, making you feel more like you're a part of the worldCons:>Nothing (goals, good rail placement, road building, bus stops, bus pathing) is obvious even with the tutorials>""waiting for free path""It had potential until the developer looked at Railroad Tycoon and thought, ""how can I make this worse?"""
,Not Recommended,304730,15876413,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,benjiMeister,"A bland, watered down and soulless Transport Tycoon."
,Recommended,304730,28190687,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Ro - Tibi,Superb game...
76561197996711339,Not Recommended,304730,22312347,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,MoonStorm,"Now I'm a fan of the Railroad Tycoon franchise and OpenTTD and I was really looking forward to enjoying this game.The first experience was horrible. The text was all fuzzy and barely readable on a Win10 4k resolution. That problem went away after I restarted the game, however the mouse pointer was restricted to 3/4 of the screen. Lowering the resolution at that point didn't fix it, playing in a window did.The game lacks a tutorial. It lacks a campain. You're just thrown in the game on your own. It's unbelievable how unpolished the UI is in this game. It really feels like splatted buttons and text by a novice.Laying rail track is a pain. Raising a road to create a bridge over rail tracks is easy, but that is a whole different ball game for rail bridges over roads. Go figure.I kept going though, looking at guides and reading forums. But I immediately stopped playing and asked for a refund when I realized that every time the game was computing the finances and displaying the maintenance cost for 3 !!! running vehicles froze the game for a fraction of a second on a 6 core I7 and a 980TI. I'm a software developer and I immediately understood that the simulation is running on a single thread. If this was happening in the first hour of playing the game, imagine what it would be like later on in the game.UPDATE: Digging into the forums, this is indeed one of the top complaints:http://www.train-fever.com/forums/topic/req-multithreading-performance-issu-large-map/It becomes unplayable later on in the game or on a large map.Don't believe the excuse that synchronizing resource access in a multi-threaded app is killing its performance. If the code is done right, and the synchronization primitives are being used correctly, you'll get a cool working game with nicely balanced work loads on all the available CPU cores and even on the GPU compute cores. If things get too hectic and the load reaches a high threshold value, the code can simply lower the simulation speed or coarse grain the steps in order to compensate, but still run tasks in parallel. Nowadays, there is no excuse for not fully taming the power we've got in our computers. Multi-core CPUs weren't invented yesterday!The graphics are nice, that's the only positive about the game. The developers simply stopped short of finishing the game and moved on to DLCs and future titles. Or I could give them the benefit of the doubt and say that they lacked the skill. Simulations are not easy to get right."
,Not Recommended,304730,20229820,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,sfuarus,"As once a fan of the ancient RR and Transport tycoon I tried out this game with a warm heart. But sadly it is a disappointment.-:There are problems with construction, with simple things like crossing roads, or deleting tracks - which could be a financial problem too. Management of train lines and stops lacks the needed customization/micromanagement.+:In the early game, you can buy coaches and wagons instead of trucks, that's funny.There's a modding community out there if you're interested in game customization."
76561197991648637,Recommended,304730,13612802,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Oteph,"It had some major flaws in the beginning, but with the recent patches those where smoothed out quite nicely. Some things aren’t prefect jet, for example building road bridges over train rails.But in general anyone even slightly interested in the genre will love it!"
,Not Recommended,304730,23468636,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,BrookenG,"I may not being totally fair, but even though the game has potential, I find the lack of support and any real instructions on how to actually  play the game to be a big SUCK. I should not have to go find other sources of tutorials or guides to be able to play the damn game.  Wasting resources and time and then reaching a point where track cant cross roads then roads cant cross tracks and having to abandon the whole thing pisses me off. I lost interest pretty quick. I will go back to it later. one day, maybe......"
76561198079360789,Recommended,304730,14590955,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,GILO BILLO,Can somone help me my gameis zoomed in an dI can not zoom out THX :)
76561198296825315,Recommended,304730,28864113,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ovi_skywalker,A very nice and relaxing game.
,Not Recommended,304730,13824354,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Hendo,"I'm afraid that I cannot recommend this game after several hours of playing it.There are some positives, and one massive negative (which I'll get to in a minute):+ The line layout is simple and intuitive, it actually does work pretty well... by and large. There are a couple of oddities here and there (particularly if you've got stations on both sides of a road, for instance) but these are easily resolved.+ The individual track laying mechanism is a great idea. However, it does come with quite a few caveats.+ Gameplay is pretty straightforward, you gotta get things from point A to point B, but be prepared as you may lose money at first.And now... the big negative:The amount of time that I have spent getting frustrated with trying to build rail bridges over roads is getting ridiculous. I've pretty much given up on the game because the editor is a pain in the butt to work with.Thought process as follows goes:""Ooh, this looks like a good place to cross over the road. It's perfectly straight and there's plenty of room to do it!""But then...NOPE. Can't do it. Nope, nope, nope, the terrain editor will find it absolutely UNACCEPTABLE and you can't build it. Never mind that the approaches look fine, everything looks fine, and argh, I just give up.Want to build a nice, compact rail overpass that *doesn't* require pillars? Nope, not gonna happen, may as well forget about it.For now, I can't recommend the game, but this will probably change IF the developer is interested in actually fixing the many issues with the game."
76561198062413497,Not Recommended,304730,14367698,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ValleyC4t,"For a game called ""Train Fever"", the execution of the namesake is just not very good. Simple cargo-truck, bus, and even tram lines are plenty workable. However, when you start trying to build railways, you run into lots of intractable problems:1. The handling of elevation in rail tracks/stations is not good. Stations seem to be elevated off the surface of the map (and the terrain raised), or recessed into the ground, for no obvious reason. It's hard to build tracks between relatively near stations, because the system wants to build them at a high slope.2. Trains often have trouble finding their way on really straightforward rail routes, even when you're using things like waypoints. Conflicts between trains are far too common, and the use of signals is complex and fraught with peril. Basically, forget about having more than one train per track, and expect persistent headaches at terminus stations.3. It's possible to end up in a state, especially on multi-train lines, where your trains are PERMANENTLY stuck and you simply must revert. That's unacceptable.4. Train Fever doesn't let you do anything with elevation, except in the form of the afterthought hacks in the path-finding phase during build. No elevated or subway trains, making it hard to do much better than streetcar/tram light rail in the cities.5. The cities grow so slowly that they never really arrive at the sort of scale that makes a transit system a fun challenge. On easy, you build a few cargo lines, cash in and watch the money stream in. On the harder difficulties, it's a challenge to make headway at all."
,Not Recommended,304730,14592159,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,DaM1306,"The game offer some interesiting UI improvment, but is stil unripe. Complex rail configuration are possible only later in the game, when you accumulated a lot of Billion and you don't care in building the same intersection 3 or 4 times before an acceptable configuration is found.Also the goods production chains is somehow old-fashioned, with the manufacture-location that are completely random.It works good until you want to build simple lines with not so much intersection, but if you want to build up organized station with multiple lines maybe you'll need to search for another title."
76561197963664525,Not Recommended,304730,22853974,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Terkala,"Such promise. Such wasted potential.This game has a huge number of major flaws. Even the basic ""train path signals"" aspect, which should be the core of the game is really seriously flawed."
76561198032098369,Not Recommended,304730,13786145,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,altezzaswire,Latest update 'Main Roads Connection ' Feature messed up the game. Would not reccomend until it is removed or an option to turn off is included.
,Recommended,304730,30319760,Posted: 4 March,all,Připravtesekestaženísběrače,That is really goog simulation game! :)
76561198064569598,Recommended,304730,17699094,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,tstuart1996,It's a great game if you love trains and transporting goods and people between 4 froms of transport bus truck tram and train with two forms  us and eupenon you can even mix up the map when you create it.
76561198041637523,Not Recommended,304730,19343415,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Pharone,"I have played very, very little of this game so far.  But, there is a reason for that.  I loaded the game up with great excitement because I was a HUGE FAN of Transport Tycoon back in the day.  As soon as I got this game loaded up and playing, I was horrified to find that the user interface was very clunky.This game has potential, but it needs a LOT of work to bring it up to the standards of what simulation fans expect of a game in this day and age.  It feels very antiquated (sp?).  I wanted to like this game so badly."
76561198033087299,Not Recommended,304730,22030565,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Riggs,Final say is NO. This game have very little to offer apart from nice graphics. As a beta supporter I can tell - nothing is added  for the last year. Devs are so proud of their product with 64% positive mark?! Final release is the same thing as 0.1 Beta or such.Support Lomotion instead.
76561197961125211,Recommended,304730,25658348,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Luk0r,works on linux :)pretty challenging on hard mode
76561198079212251,Recommended,304730,16010706,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,MarsDK,det er meget godt når man først har lært det : )
76561198090805695,Not Recommended,304730,19947034,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,tetaybabie,"I bought this game and my computer meets all of the requirements. But, I can't play it.  I had to look it up online to find out that it doesn't want to play on intel HD graphics. I wouldn't recomend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,304730,13838099,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,sheep21,"very addictive, a lovely simulation with a few quirks. Would reccomend to anyone who wants a transport simulation game."
76561198204185572,Recommended,304730,13833381,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,troydansteven,Total eye candy and interesting concept.It's like a fine wine..  It will only get better with time!I'm hard to satisfy when it comes to gaming however this one nailed it!
76561198044170846,Recommended,304730,14502484,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,DUCTILE234,"its a brilliant game and has its downs but quite a list of downs and there is too much that i could listbecuase there is a huge amount of untapped potential of this game also a good option would to have other than european trains why not british trains aswell instead of just the mallard like class 153's 156's 170's DMU's and some emu's like the class 390, 380's and many others and why not maglev trains since when you get to the year 2100 and upwards you still use all the same trains as you were using in 2000-2015 dont get me wrong i like seeing european trains and not so much american trains but i live in scotland personally id rather use trains and stations im more familiar with. another thing i would like to point out why not have curved railway stations like in real life and give more customizability like adding more trees becuase the current maps are literally like a barron wasteland apart from a few amount of trees here and there i would also like to see if you can implement a sandbox feature becuase the current maps have the freight areas so messed up that they will not even transport to far away cities becuase it cant profit from it. in real life freight goes all over the place but in that game it only goes to a certian area that can be deemed profitable. you have went into buses lorrys and trams aswell why not aircraft boats and the likes i know that is not part of the game but still. what id love to really see fixed is the annoyance of the cities expanding onto roads you dont want them to expand on also traffic could be fixed as my roads suprisingly become a massive cluster of stand still cars and lorrys its unbearable so i delete the roads and stick to trains. also when we build like motorways as im sure alot of people have done why not have 1 way roads to actually make them viable. 1 very big thing that annoys me is the terrain collision in real life you can build a bridge or tunnel through anything and everything but in this its im possible to even do that.Never the less its an absolutly brilliant game and i would love it if there was alot of things implemented without having to download a huge amount of mods but i know how annoying it would be to program build design and test all of this."
76561198074132507,Recommended,304730,27717162,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DexiTK,Nice and
,Recommended,304730,14084239,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,nilsejensen28,I love this game that seems never to have an End to buy absolutley
76561197967942268,Not Recommended,304730,16574341,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,w00ty,"don't botheri want to really like this game because it fills the gaps that made railroad tycoon just plain silly. e.g. proper grading, realistic looking tracks and trains. it's a more realistic approach to railroad tycoon. that is where it ends. the interface sucks. it gets very slow by the year 1990. i have most of the map full of bus, train, and tram routes.now we're presented with the double standard of living, people want faster routes or to drive cars instead, similar to real life, excellent right? the problem is, the road system is very lacking in that traffic jams up very easily, then guess what happens: all your bus and tram route times are slowed by a lot, making them even less desirable, and causing even more traffic! don't use tram or busses you say? get bent :Pfurthermore, you end up upgrading the entire road infrastructure yourself. in the cities, many of the roads can't be upgraded to 4 lanes because the computer built all the structures around it, collision errors, etc..building tracks is painful. even after building a ton of train lines, i still have to fiddle around way too much, to either make proper grading or solve 'terrain' issues. trains can also get stuck indefinitely if you are not careful.. you'll see.the graphics aren't superb either, other than zooming down to city streets, it's a rather drab landscape that doesn't feel alive.it's a very good attempt, but this is not ready for primetime. replacing the game engine is probably a good start"
76561198046383785,Not Recommended,304730,14806402,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,hamerlinski,"This game looks clearly unfinished. There are trains but not much fever :)PROS:Nice visuals, especially when it comes to the terrain. Railway cuttings and embankments look very realistic. Individual people also change their attire as time passes by, which is an interesting touch.Modding support, allowing the users to download additional game content.An American DLC (Free) allowing you to run the simulation in the different environment.The game is very stable and can happily run in the background as you strive to do more important things on your PC :)CONS:Building multiple tracks or a station throat is a nightmare. Modernizing the track layout is next to impossible.You cannot rebuild a station - add a new platform, goods yard, extend the platform length. Once you want to do so, you need to demolish the existing building and make space for your next one - which includes bulldozing a lot more. Occasionally, the bulldozed space is immediately filled by a new structure, forcing you to repeat the operation again.You cannot build railway crosssings other than laying track across the road. You are not allowed to build a street crossing an existing track. And should you prefer to build an overbridge instead, you will need a lot more space to run your street above the tracks.Modding support is... well, flawed.  I needed to reinstall the game and the TF Game Manager (mod manager) after the latter had crashed, rendering my installed mods invisible and thus unable to be enabled (sic!) for my current game. Mods are not used automatically - must be enabled first, then selected when starting (or loading) a game.Strange selection of trains. In the vanilla game there are only 14 locomotives available for the entire game period, and only 4 of these are available for the 50 years of 19th century. One needs to wait until 1902 to see an engine attaining 100kph speed. Well, I believe that GWR's City Of Truro did 102,3 MPH (that's 165 kph) in 1904, and a lot of British trains had their running speeds in the range of 100 kph well before the turn of the centuries. The LNER A4 Mallard is a curiosity since there is no other British railway vehicle (and only two other non-German/Swiss). No Patentees, no French Cramptons, no French Atlantics or Pacifics, no DRG Einheitslokomotiven, no TEEs. No Shinkansens. Again, this may be corrected by modding, but... see above.Intermodal passenger transport does not work. Once you place the station in the city, other passenger transport in this city is rendered unnecessary - somehow all the citizens immediately want to travel to other cities and will go by foot to your station, avoiding any connected bus/tram line. It seems that building the intercity connection changes the behaviour of citizens to look for their work/leisure targets somewhere else than their home city.The game is essentially eventless - once you build your intercity connection, money starts flowing in and that's all. No competition, no breakdowns, no crashes, almost no interaction required other than occasionally replacing the ageing vehicle.No proper savegame screen. You must specify a filename when saving, and there is no warning if you overwrite any previous file of that name.Resource hungry. My 3rd Gen i5 laptop with 8GB RAM and 1GB GT525 is barely able to run the game full screen; with full details I achieve single fps. The same laptop can run Arma II, The Bureau: XCOM Declassified and Ultimate General Gettysburg on recommended settings with no trouble.The game may appeal to German railway fans (or maybe Swiss railway fans), of which I am neither. With the American DLC, it may also appear to American railroad fans, again not to myself. Since the developers are updating the game, perhaps some of the mentioned problems may be fixed. But currently at the standard Steam selling price, it seems grossly overpriced."
,Not Recommended,304730,16073522,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Geostant,"A lousy attemp to copy the mythologic transportation tycoon that we all loved so much,the game is full of bugs, not realistic (no vehicles breakdown or slow downs on accents).building train tracks is impossible at first stage (too expensive)a lot of resource factories are not functioning at all (0 production)I'm not recommending this game at this stage"
76561198002189495,Recommended,304730,17337477,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,rovaira2,"This is a really enjoyable game. There are huge maps, buildings develop over time, lots of variety of vehicles, and they have an automated system of replacing vehicles when they get older if you like.This was definitely worth picking up."
,Not Recommended,304730,18802211,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,wolfm,"I really wished this game was the 21st century Transport Tycoon Deluxe(those who are older know the game i am talking about). Unfortunately Train Fever , except the graphics who're quite pretty is a very poor and simplistic game and cannot even compare itself to a title that came out almost 20 years ago."
76561198028336665,Recommended,304730,26301060,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Maddmaxxxxx,Love this game a few mapping problems but...well.......10/10 for meCheck out my videohttps://youtu.be/stlxazNnBZ4
,Recommended,304730,19911481,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Whango,"Really nice game, on my list of things i need to play more"
76561197970189055,Recommended,304730,19911164,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,izlaar,More transportation tycoon than a pure train game
76561198059546712,Recommended,304730,25929742,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,meloen,if you liked the old cities in motion 1 and cities skylines you like this the only difrence is that cities in motion is in a pre rendered city and city skylines you built the cities your self but overall this is a great game but i won't trust the specs to much
,Not Recommended,304730,21506421,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,FUXOFT,This game might have a potential but in its current state it's almost unplayable. The UI is awful and tutorial is a joke. Maybe if you invest many hours to browsing forums and asking other players... But I am not inclined to do that.
76561198162396051,Recommended,304730,19865742,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dj Spazzy,"Addicting :) really enjoying it, please pick it up if you love transport games."
76561198055542760,Recommended,304730,19913252,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Primes,"It's a great shipping company simulator, but has fewer trains than trucks. Usually runs great, but last update made it hard to  view multiple trains at the same time. I really love the game."
,Recommended,304730,19920980,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ajifoster3,"This game has improved no end in many aspects since TotalBiscuits review, I would recomend it for anyone looking for a deep yet accessable way to kill time"
76561198243910430,Not Recommended,304730,17578985,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Panda D. P&A d gorbornátus1,"Disappointing. This game is not exciting, dull, feels half-done. The speed of the timer is slow as hell, it feels like I'm just staring at the screen, meanwhile nothing is happening. I miss campaign mode out of this game. It also has several graphic and gameplay bugs."
76561198056123764,Not Recommended,304730,17594126,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,KittenPunch,"Garbage track layout, to compare this to a improved version of TDD is a joke."
,Not Recommended,304730,17662674,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,bitwiz,"While I commend the developers for flexibility with construction in this game, it's as if it was never play-tested. It's impossible to use. There are no ""standard"" game features/controls I would expect. Such as ESCAPE to bring up the menu and/or quit. I used the ""Windows Key"" to bring up the desktop then force quit with task manager. The menu for the game is completely non-functional while in-game, clicking settings highlights the button and does nothing. The menus are constantly in the way and disable the mouse scroll so if I move the mouse over a menu while trying to scroll the board, it doesn't move the map, I have to move the mouse around and in-between the menus to scroll - super frustrating. The tutorials do little to help you get started and are constantly in the way. The placement of all the menus is terrible and they cannot be moved around. When I finally did get something working, I somehow managed to use up all $3M with a train depot and a single straight piece of track, left unable to purchase cars or figure out how to get citizens to use the newly built lines. The load this game puts on my computer is extreme and causes lag and this is a gaming PC with dual graphics cards, SSDs, fully loaded. I'm extremely frustrated and probably won't play this game again. Good thing I got it on sale.---- NEW BELOW ----After quite a lot of tinkering around, I've finally got 3 trains up and running, and lines for them to follow. I determined the menus don't work on a multi-monitor desktop PC, when I loaded this game on my laptop, the menus showed up on-screen. I've also figured out a work around for the scrolling problem, don't put the menus up against the edge of the screen and your arrow has room for scroll - big oversight on the developers if you ask me. I'm still not very pleased with the interface, it's incredibly clunky, and I'm not getting used to it. As for game play, I did manage to figure out the loan program to get enough funds to complete rail between 2 cities, and add some bus stops within the cities to get people to my stations, then paid off my loans so I can just build now in the black.Due to the enormous amount of problems and glitches with this game, I still have to rate it a thumbs down. Here's hoping for significant updates at some point."
76561198155505843,Not Recommended,304730,17668269,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Imkilgortrout,"Although an extremely in depth game and splendid graphics.  It becomes extremely repetitive once you are able to setup successful routes for passenger service.  I found the mechanics for goods routes overly cumbersome and borings.  There is no competition or goals other than making money.  I was hoping this would be a replacement for Sid Meiers Railroads, but I was sadly mistaken.  Luckily I was able to buy it onsale otherwise I would feel worse for having bought it."
76561198020150909,Not Recommended,304730,17706121,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Hephaistos,"I like these kind of games, spent lots of time on Transport Tycoon and was hoping to get a better version of this with Train Fever but the controls are hard, the graphics are good but could be better. The gameplay is lacking. I couldn't be bothered to keep playing after ten hours of gameplay."
76561198108978340,Not Recommended,304730,30766096,Posted: 26 March,all,korfuri,"The game feels like it's still in Alpha, but the devs moved on to make the same game a second time and dropped the ball on this one. The UI is very bad, laying tracks is super unintuitive, you have to build the same track 50 times to eventually align things pixel-perfect so the game finally decides that yes, you can build a road crossing at this very pixel. I'd enjoy this if the devs were still fixing it, but they gave up."
76561198127299411,Recommended,304730,26393461,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,cameronbayliss,One of the best games to ever lag the hell out of my laptop
,Recommended,304730,26098654,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,haibeo,worth it when it on discount.
76561198012342118,Not Recommended,304730,29720929,Posted: 5 February,all,iam767837,"Failure in 3 attempts in 5 hours. So, no refund."
76561198251367772,Not Recommended,304730,18137161,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,dalesmann,"Having bought this program on Steam I struggled to get it to work correctly on my Mac Book Pro - Lion Operating system  - After 6 hours of sheer frustration in which I found it impossible to have any control over navigating across the maps which accompany the game I finally gave up. The zoom in, pan out and and transit functions  functions were all but impossible to control, the game crsahed on two occasions and I was unable to navigate with any precision which caused untold frustration and made the game unplayable . After 6 hours of trying to solve these issues including installing a new wireless mouse( which has never been necessary on games like civilisation V)  I finally threw in the towel and asked for a refund which Steam then turned down as I had taken 6 hours of intense frustration to come to the conclusion that this program was unfit for purpose. Steam has subsequently turned down my request for a refund I am appealing, so be warned. I will now be taking up this issue with Visa.RegardsDalesmann"
76561198147723981,Not Recommended,304730,21352564,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,g_m_norman,"75% off on trash is still trash. It does not work on a Mac.  Says it does, but it doesn't. Guides and tutorials do not work. First challenge does not work.  It was 75% off with free DLC for a reason."
,Not Recommended,304730,16068396,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,DynoMac,"I enjoyed this game a lot while I could play it. Now with this latest build it is completely unplayable due to lagging (by a good five seconds at least for any kind of mouse movement). I already have all settings on the lowest and I am trying to run it with a minimum configuration that the game calls for. I just love it when I help out an early access company only to have them update the game so I can't play it anymore, even though I paid for it and I MEET their minimum requirements. Because of this practice, I would NOT recommend this game or company to anyone. The game when I could play it I rated high, now DON'T BOTHER!"
,Not Recommended,304730,16140092,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,moreno204,this game is  nice trains are nice too look at ansd coool passengers that walk aroudn  but  theres a bad glitch you starta passenger line in 1800s omg peopel want to ride it and  they ride it for a few years then nothign nothign not even if you make teravel time shorter nothing  now trains go to empty station nice shiney new trains and no one coems not even in the 50s and 60s  its a cryign shame are the peopel in the little town stupid i eman dont get me wrong they love the buses and trams aroudn town but long distance  passenger traisn peopel they do not wish to take even if the line is long or shorti give the devs some credit but i think they need to   make the ai for the traisn more smart idk they seem to not go good if there double trck traisn get confused with signals idk but  i think passengers should get more curious about where trains go    or if train lines are good they should tell others about it like should be some sort of ai that if theres a train in the city a brand new trainline it should tell all the ai passengers abiout itfor the price i got it it was a good deal i like trains so even if peopel dont want to ride on them  i wish the passengers could sad that the devs quit on this game cus it has alot of potentail and train ai needs to be better otherwise this game is kinda complicated after playign some timtrack layign is kinda hard  to do and makignshorter roudn nearly impossible almostbut if you want things to work your way i dotn recomend this game only if your a train lover and like watchign traisn this is linke a trainset
76561198059184184,Recommended,304730,24934565,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Mad Max,"I can't say anything about the gameplay because it kept crashing on my AMD Card, it's a common problem with train fever that it crashes with AMD cardsSo if you have an AMD card steer clear of this game, or buy it on sale and wait for an update."
76561198344676465,Recommended,304730,34818433,Posted: 8 September,all,Trytomiss2,Great simulation game but lacks guide
,Recommended,304730,18635774,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Wildstorm,"Lovely game. Trains everywhere, tracks everywhere."
76561198145258346,Recommended,304730,18644609,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,street-level-models,very good for your money
,Recommended,304730,29445928,Posted: 23 January,all,Wiery,"Really nice game, only building of roads and rail is little bit uncomfortable"
,Recommended,304730,18660891,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,DanPRom,Good game!
76561197968847284,Recommended,304730,11986712,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Massiv Igel,"After some time the game has come so far. better performance , so many mods and so on ;) therefore i change my review to positive___________________________________Nice concept BUT:- massive performance issues (stuttering, even on very low settings, guess coding sucks♥♥♥♥♥- only 4 chains of industrie, a total joke compared to games loke transport tycoon (which, says the devs, inspired them)- to few options to switch icons on and off- no minimap, so finding your stuff is annoyingly frustrating onl arger maps- to few options to show values like how steep your track is etc- to few cars/trains .... it s a span of 150 years and you have like a dozen different trains or buses lol :(The only nice thins is it s good looking, but it lacks the depth.... it s just a casual game for me :( . The idea was great, but that's it it WAS great but the way the devs brought it to the computer is ...let's say below average.Edit 05.09.2014The mechanic of not upgradinga trainstation is totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. all the time you get collision error or smt and you cannot build it at the same spot again, waht dev is so stupid to to such things, or are the devs to stupid to programm such stuff? i just had a game where i was still in the early years and wanted to have 2 tracks at a station buuut after deleting the first one and wanting to put the same station just with 2 tracks at the same sport the game says uhh you cannot smt is in the way....wtf ? your kidding me...now no money left and alt + f4 this game is done for me. delte and be sad the money is gone :(Edit:I gave it up. The massive stuttering is the worst. Every time you try to build Bus stops or smt else the fps drop like mad from 60 to 10 this is clearly a game issue. Nothing to do with my specs and so on, cause when i don't touch anything just watch the game fps are between 30 to 60 (depends on the angle i watch the landscape) but when i try to do smt with the game tools ( building and stuff) fps go down. This leads to deinstall of this game. But sadly this ins a game breaking bug !"
76561198068471753,Not Recommended,304730,16296408,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,nick573,"I do think it's a good game but my god when you get further into the game engoy the sweet sweet look of long lasting lag.BTW, i have a pretty powerfull GPU and it lags."
,Not Recommended,304730,28923465,Posted: 1 January,all,Fight Aaaaaah,"Laying trains is impossible.  Or maybe it's a bug... which still means it's impossible.For a game with ""train"" in the name not being able to actually use trains, no way.And that means No on the successor.  Except if there were a... nope, no demo.  Which means I have to assume it's as bad as this one was.  No sale."
,Not Recommended,304730,11996183,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,schitzn,"Could be more, but the game really brings nothing new to the genre.   Will not be impressed if any substantial improvements are delivered in the way of paid DLC in the future.Lay tracks, place station, set orders and repeat.  Not much strategy involved or thinking, hard difficulty makes for a tough game, but the game itself lacks substance behind train eye candy."
76561197983069157,Not Recommended,304730,11983730,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,LoneRedWolf,"I was excited to see a new entry in the train econ simulater genre, unfortunately what we got was a half finished game.The game performs terribly, very slow and stuttering.  Construction of lines is fussy, with constant complaints of obstructions and missed connections.  It is certainly not as smooth and simple as the demo videos show.  Navigating the 3D landscape is frustratingly slow and laborious, no overview map to see the land.  Lots of scrolling in and out.   When you scroll out you cannot be close enough to the terrain to edit, but when you scroll in you cannot see where you are going to build your lines.The game is basically a 3D copy of Transport Tycoon.  Taking the worst aspects of Transport Tycoon and combining them with the annoying 3D interface of Railroads!.  The game suffers from billions of pop up windows, just like transport tycoon.  The interface looks unpolished and poorly thought out.  Add to that the difficulty of interfacing with a 3D world and the limitations that full 3D puts on map sizes and you have a dissapointment.   If you are looking to build continent spanning empires, go grab the original Railroad Tycoon series and skip this.  The game lacks any story line and is simply an impersonal generated map, with no specific goals, needs or other driving factors.Overall it feels unfinished, unpolished.  Like a game engine without a game behind it."
,Not Recommended,304730,12008040,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Ervin,"Poorly balanced, and a few years in you'll be spending a large portion of the game on simply replacing aging vehicles, because if you don't you're going to go bankrupt."
,Not Recommended,304730,12040150,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,dogatemycomputer,"I would not recommend this game.  The first 2 hours of this game was spent trying to figure out why you cannot place items.  Even in the 1850s they knew what a ""bridge"" was but this game refuses to build over a road or another track.   The game also refuses to let you place items or connect tracks unless the ground is 100% flat (and the world is rarely ever perfectly flat).This game has the potential to be awesome but ""flexible building"" as described in the ads.. well.. it's a lie.   Don't waste your money until they fix it."
76561198127052121,Not Recommended,304730,34339285,Posted: 18 August,all,generalcinema,"i personally think this game is to bland and to clunky, if you really want a game kinda like this, i recommend open ttd, its a lot better and its free."
76561198291501619,Not Recommended,304730,29659036,Posted: 2 February,all,The Ducking Seer,"To all users who dont have this game yet: dont waste your money on this. its basically simutrans (a free game) but a little more stuff in it and better graphics. dont waste your money on this game, people. just get simutrans."
76561198007847253,Not Recommended,304730,11999732,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Alpen,"The game is fun, but be in no doubt, it is not finished. Be prepared for crashes and bugs as well as a poorley developed gameplay system. The core mechanics are in place and pretty addictive, this means that if you really have a lot of patience then perhaps you can get some fun out of the game. But it is basic, poorly constructed and incredebly unstable... be warned.....    save often!I can't believe this is what passes for a full release now."
76561198127397976,Not Recommended,304730,26155798,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,lrtcampbell,"I was fooled by the recent positive reviews that said that many of the bugs had been fixed and that the game was working properly.This is simply untrue, as I have not managed to get through more then 2 mins of a game without it crashing, on a computor that can run far more intensive games.Don't buy this game, it does not work and althrough looks promising, the bugs will not be fixed as a sequal is in the work instead, as the developer does not care about their customers."
76561198008973822,Not Recommended,304730,31535828,Posted: 3 May,all,tyr4nt99,Sadly I found this game to be quite rubbish. It was complicated and hard to learn and lacked a useable tutorial. A disapointing purchase.
76561197977211401,Not Recommended,304730,24477751,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,HerderButterFesterStranger,"Very little to do, the AI (particularily the pathfinding) is essentially broken, no ability to control vehicles or lines in any way beyond stopping or starting specific vehicles, your control over track/item placement is sketchy at best.A nice illustration of the AI issues is how trains treat unavailable sections of rail.  If you segment your rail into sections like normal, only the section with the other train on it is seen as unavailable.  This is fine.  You build a parallel rail with a crossing immediately before or after the signal for the blocked section, your trains wont divert onto the parallel line, because they are programmed to drive straight up to the edge of the blocked section of rail and simply wait for it to become available again.Its made even wierder by the fact road vehicles and road lines automatically adjust themselves to available roads, so the engine would be capable of making the trains divert, they just decided not to.But yeah, at that point there is literally nothing you can do other than building an entirely seperate other line for each train, which isnt that big of a deal in game since you have more money than you can use, but it is just obnoxious."
,Not Recommended,304730,14693113,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Bretsen,"As of february 28. 2015 This game is still buggy and lacking a lot if editing features. Screw up on signals, and you have to reload the game. UI is also quite tedious.The game itself is like a really stripped down version of railroad tycoon/transport tycoon with upgraded unoptimized graphics."
76561198126480838,Recommended,304730,25728498,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Colonel_Nuke,This game is brilliant and I love it. It does have some flaws but overall it is very good. Really looking forward to Transport Fever!
,Not Recommended,304730,13622362,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ram Man,"A word of warning:If you want to build a large railroad network, something on a national scale, this game is not what you want.The largest map possible has a grid of 5x5 cities. So if you start in the center and build tracks to the next two cities in any direction you will hit the end of the map. And I was told by some guys from the community that they play on maps with 5 towns because everything above that is killed by performance issues.So, only buy it if you are into micro-managing trains with signals and all of that, but don't buy it if you want the large scale tycoon thing."
76561198010696861,Not Recommended,304730,13655637,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Black Dragon,This was not as good as the old train game by sid myers - the buses are stupid and the resources are not placed right they are not auto in the nearest town like they should - no first hand view of train travel - no seasons - I wasted $20 dollars -
,Not Recommended,304730,14683785,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,geogeeknomore,Stay away if on a Mac! 4 crashes/freezes in first 29 minutes of play. Graphical glitches abound so badly that the game becomes completely unplayable because most fo the screen goes black as soon as you try and place a station. What's worse is that the graphical glitches continued even after exiting the game and the steam app. The only way I could get my display to return to normal was to do a hard restart. I have never seen anything like it in 20 years of gaming. 2.0 GHz i7 MacBook Air w/8Gb. What really ticks me off is that I spent $12 on nothing. Totally worthless trash. Glitches and crashes I expect occasionally. Unplayable? I should be able to get a refund.Add to that what little I was able to see did not look impressive. Music was irritating me already. Controls were terrible (I had no choice but to use an external mouse). Expect nothing like what you see in the videos.
76561198258040748,Not Recommended,304730,25038791,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Mental,"This not good at all due to the reasons.Price.The cost is way too high and really I would sell it for maybe 5-10 euro at least.Simplicity.It is way to simple with 3 rescources I know they are trying to make it easy for noobs but for people with experience (On my 2nd account i have 37 hours). IT IS TOO EASYViarity of trains etc.There is well just not alot of stuff in game excluding the USA DLC Just a few steam and diesel and a bit of electric. Including the USA DLC Well its the same as the base game A few Steam,Diesel And electric.Only trains,trucks and trams.For gods sake that is lazy just that? and the fact there isnt much in the base game is not good.I recommend?NO NEVER BUY THIS THING"
76561197961460963,Recommended,304730,13847378,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,malos,Good game for price has a few kinks in the track laying and lack of trains but it is fun to play.no crahes here but if you are an intel graphics user be wary that yours is a 4000 or better the others are laggy and crash
76561197966938065,Not Recommended,304730,12507644,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Gazer75,"First impression is that this is an unfinished game.Says you can build pretty much anywhere, but I keep getting into problems with terrain.Making track crossings is very hard to do and have only very basic options. And signals are terribly basic.Its really amazing that after so many years no games like this actually beats Transport Tycoon."
,Not Recommended,304730,21213523,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,DaJuan,Gets boring after a few hours.No further updates planned because they develope a new game.
,Not Recommended,304730,19961958,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,masteroman,Fun but extremelly unstable under Linux.
76561198027234931,Recommended,304730,13933498,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,langalang,love it Just love it...
76561197966236984,Not Recommended,304730,12465558,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,narflar,"I do like a few things about this game.  I like that the main mechanic is people and industry will only use your services if you are faster than just walking.  This means industry and people still move about without you.  Unfortuantly, the key part of the game, the Trains is the most frustrating.  It's easy to setup bus routes, and trucking routes and turn a proffit.  The trains on the other hand rarely turn a proffit, they are just to expensive to be useful.  Also, the laying of track is so tedius that it takes a lot of the fun out of setting up a rail line.  I was hoping for more of an updated OpenTTD with easier to understand mechanics.  Instead what I got wa a trucking game with a train option to confuse you."
76561198005336008,Not Recommended,304730,12490779,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,APClem,"Pick it up when it's going cheap as this product is woefully short of my expectations for a game costing £19.99.  It's frequently frustrating and poorly explained.  The graphics are charming and I really like them, however this is let down by a scant economy model, tedious track laying and a lack of a tutorial.  The game is easy to pick up and play but there are underlying mechanics (such as industries that will take thier own goods to a market if one is close enough, completely omitting your own transport links) that will leave you stymied on occassion."
76561198035091859,Not Recommended,304730,12419422,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,el_capitan,"What this game does well; everything looks pretty, lay some very nice realistic track, train modeling and detail is excellent, realistic cargo and passenger movementWhat this game lacks?  Everything that makes a good transport building game fun.   There is no competitive element whatsoever.  No AI and no multiplay compability,  No way to measure yourself against something.  This is a game of survival.  It is impossible to make money at anything besides passenger transport.   It's very difficult to make money running industry in this game.  The cost to maintain your vehicle is outrageous compared to how make it will make on a run. Supply seems to be dictated by how frequent the trains/buses stop at the station.  There seems to be no limit to the loan you can take out ( maybe i just never reached it, but when your 50ish mil in debt it's time to startover )I think this game is suppose to appeal to people that build scale model train sets.  Because that is basically what this is, a game that lets you make very detail and visually appealing track sets.  The towns grow around your track and it's all very cool,  just not that fun.oh and it may be called train fever but if you build trains to start you are almost doomed to go broke right away...."
,Not Recommended,304730,12031710,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,kent,"No AI opponents, cumbersome management and rail building. Few industries. cannot recommend this game."
76561197996874543,Not Recommended,304730,12225381,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Stannis the Mannis,"Why not recommend this game? Because i want to love it but i can't.As happy as i was that we finally get a new game that follows the path of great games like ""Transport Tycoon"" or the ""Railroad Tycoon"" series, it just does not live up to its potential (which is huge, btw). At least at the moment. Probably, hopefully it can eventually, if the developers keep there word and keep on patching. If a few issues, that really can make the game a pain to play at the moment, get fixed it could be great."
76561198076199698,Not Recommended,304730,14706496,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Be Ro,"There's no demo available for this game - why not? Had I tried this game on a demo, at least I would've been happy as I would have known what I was getting into before buying the game.The UI is hard to get used to. When you put down tracks, quite often instead of going with the terrain, it builds bridges and culverts everywhere. Straight, seemingly flat pieces of land with farmland on them, and it still wants to build a bridge or a culvert. Moving around the interface is very difficult, none of the ""windows"" have screen movement, so if you move your cursor to the bottom of the screen to scroll down, it only works if there's no windows there - since the non-movable menu icons and the time bar are there, you have to move the mouse down the middle and not the edges of the bottom of the screen to move. If you've opened up another window, say a Depot screen, scrolling down doesn't work if that window is there. Diagonal scrolling is out - if you want to move diagonally, you can't since all four corners have HUD elements that don't have scrolling. Scrolling to the right is even harder - when I scroll the mouse to the edge, the screen doesn't move. Instead, I have to move the mouse so that it's a pixel from the edge of the screen for it to move - assuming there's no window there for line info etc. (for info, yes, I do have Edge Scrolling set to On in options)There's also data bugs in the game. For example, I send a carriage around my first bus route, it passes through a couple stops, only after that second stop did it say ""You have your first passenger"", and it highlights the bus stop - without actually stopping at that bus-stop. I then got a You have delivered your first passenger"" but the bus was still moving and didn't stop anywhere between the two notifications. I have a station with 39 passengers. The train has three carriages for 6 passengers each. When they board, I only have 16 passengers on the train (16 of 18 it reports) and passengers now waiting on the station is 22. I'm like, what?!? Where are those numbers coming from? It also seems that, as that train is moving to the next station, the numbers drop. 15 of 18, 14 of 18... what are they doing, jumping from the train at 40 km/h? That's suicide!Yep, I said km/h. Even though there's all British style names in the game, such as Letchworth Garden City, Totnes and Dursley, the game only allows km/h, there's no settings to change it to mph."
,Not Recommended,304730,14801401,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,AExiOn,"While this was fun for the first few hours. As soon as you connect all cities, there isn't much else to do. Yeah you get updated rails later in the game and you can task your self with updating the infrastructure but other than that the game becomes very empty after connecting every city. No AI to compete against, hell there isn't much to compete against at all except running out of money. Laying rail ways can work, then not work at all. I tried getting my self to play this game as a relaxing way to waste time on the weekend but, it just feels empty after a while and becomes not fun to play at all. Its a good attempt at filling the void of where Rail Road Tycoon 3 left off but, there isn't much to do after you connected every city. Except start a new game before running into the same problem."
76561198064206553,Not Recommended,304730,22151748,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,SneakyGunz,"Absolutely NOT worth asking price!! Get on sale maybe,(just maybe) if it's like $8"
76561198239552264,Recommended,304730,24617943,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Tom0803,Amazing! One of the best games I've ever played. I highly recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,304730,16836185,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,PopularCannibal,"Stick with openTTD. The only thing this game does well is it's graphic fidelity otherwise its just another clumsy imitation that fails to provide a fraction of the depth of OpenTTD. Every step of the way you will be fighting it's poorly implemented UI to get the simplest of tasks done and even after you succeed against all odds, the mechanics really aren't that great. It's not even possible to have a line use multiple platforms as can easily be done in OpenTTD to represent the real world."
76561198009565196,Not Recommended,304730,17568196,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Aris_Shark,Well....Tried to like it...Not so bad if you have nothing else to play..I would advice to buy it only when its on sale at least -75% off the original price....just to avoid the tears later after you play like 5 minutes.
76561198011949457,Not Recommended,304730,18276115,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Peter 1949,Does not work with WINDOWS 10 BEWARE
76561198174386313,Not Recommended,304730,30624682,Posted: 19 March,all,dhardycamaro,i expected a train driver theemed game but turns out it was just an overpriced stupid verson of game of war and now i wish time travaling existed so i could go back and tell my past self to not buy this stupid game because it sucks.Nick
,Not Recommended,304730,16082336,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,JaKa semtime,cara que jogo irritante... é um jogo de trem aonde construir trilhos é IRRITANTE!!!! musica chata... e nao tem nada demais..resumo da opera é um de jogo de trens aonde qualquer outra coisa é melhor e mais facil do que tudo que envolve trens.. muito confuso e sem explicaçoes logicas...
,Recommended,304730,26003045,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,George Bot,Great game and many of the issues with it are going to be fixed in upcomming Transport Fever.
76561198009006160,Not Recommended,304730,14876834,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Fritzl,"Performance still very bad. Even on a good system, small map, almost all settings turned off.Makes it difficult to play, freezes when ever you try and do something, new train etc.I have even reinstalled and followed all performance guides!Look for cities in motion if you want a truely good train sim game!"
,Not Recommended,304730,14804705,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,TheH1313,"This game is wrecking my computer, litteraly. After attempting to start a game, my screen becomes very glitchy at the top, and will not stop. My review might change, IF I can ever get this expensive paperweight to work. I would run away from this game as fast as possible until it's problems are sorted out by the developers. IF they ever are."
,Not Recommended,304730,17774344,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Ims,"Trains will not distribute themselves among available station platforms, but instead insist on going to whichever one is closest for their route. Interface and building tools are deeply unrewarding. It looks nice, and that's about it."
76561198021722757,Not Recommended,304730,17567100,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,h-t-h,game sucks...............
76561198085363663,Recommended,304730,25854568,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,retnuh86,Great game
,Recommended,304730,25959668,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Shazam,"I really enjoy this game when i do really well. I know how bad that sounds because it can be very challenging and you can do so many different things, to an extent. But at this point, you might as well wait until the next game comes out, should be in the coming months, Unless this is on a cheap sell."
76561198008321014,Not Recommended,304730,26525882,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,zeitbauer,"most satisfying event of the game was when i just uninstalled the game and deleted the local files. big release of drive space, kind of like after a heavy meal. won't even think of the game anymore... as dead to me as 'grand ages: medieval'."
,Recommended,304730,35141627,Posted: 22 September,all,Nut In Her Butt,Sexy♥♥♥♥♥game amirite
,Not Recommended,304730,16705569,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Default_Sound,No Multiplayer and bad tutorials for example for signals
,Not Recommended,304730,12043956,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,The Tyrant,"Its a great game and concept but the issue is that it probably should have been released in November. Its buggy, tutorials are not in game which will make it difficult for the average user to get right into the game. There's a lot more micromanagement than I like personally but if manually doing most everything is your cup of tea in games then this one will be good to you. I've wanted a really good Train Management Sim since Railroad Tycoon 3 came out and I'm still waiting for a REALLY good Train Management Sim. 7/10"
76561197997381803,Not Recommended,304730,12001896,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Necro,What a waste of money!
76561198044544643,Not Recommended,304730,11980616,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Impatient,"----------------------------------------2014-09-11 update after 58 hours----------------------------------------I stopped playing this game. Where by ""playing"" I mostly mean figuring out how it works, WHAT in it works and to find workarounds for things that are supposed to work but do not. This is because no game mechnics are explained anywhere. (Frequently reading and participating in the forums, where players exchange knowledge, is the best bet to figure out this game.) And also this is because the game is full of bugs and design flaws. Still. I would be not mad at all, if this game was Early Access. But it is released and financed via crowdfunding.I stoppped playing this game because to me it is more frustrating than fun. Maybe this will change. I am visiting the train-fever website weekly, to see if there is a new patch (and release notes). And I hope I will read, that the bugs that upset me so much, got fixed, one day.But until then I do not recommend to buy this game. I recommend to hold your money and wait, until the game matured.----------------------------------------2014-09-07 after 20 hours of game time----------------------------------------i would like to have my money back. seriously. i would wait half a year and observe if all the bugs and design flaws get fixed and the game gets an overhaul so it is more challenging and fun and less painful and frustrating.i loved transport tycoon back in the early years and today i still play railroad tycoon 3. but train fever at this stage is simply not fun to play. train fever looks nice, in some ways, yes, but there is very little versatility in this game. just 5 cargo types? small maps? very few vehicles? no ai competition? no option to build industries? no financial market options? expensive trains in a train game? the landscape looks the same everywhere? no sandbox mode? (i am not even asking about multiplayer)i miss the fun of competing the ai opponents, ruining them and finally taking over their companies. i miss the fun of managing 30 different cargo types, i miss the fun of watching a lot of different locomotives with different train cars for each cargo type ploughing through the landscape.btw, in train fever you wont have a lot of trains. road vehicles are the main source of income. just on routes with a very high concentration of cargo or passengers, trains are profitable. road transportation is really very dominant. suggesting to rename this game to ""road fever"" or ""transport fever"" would not just be a joke.the usability is medium at best. managing a large transport network can be painful. i wont bother you with how hard some advanced goals can be to achieve. but a simple example: you can not build a rail crossing when you want to cross a road over a track. this feature simply is not implemented. you just can cross tracks over a road. meaning, to cross a road over a track, you need to bulldoze the track, lay the road, and then cross the track over it. ...and then there are the bugs. ... disappearing cargo, blocked truck stations, stuck trains, wrong cargo count. ...also the game lags even fast computers, the user interface is ugly and uncomfortable, the music is horrible and better turned off, sound effects are poor. though the graphics are detailed, the landscape looks boring greenish and repetitive.and the gameplay as a whole ...  no goals, no challenges, no missions, no opponents. the only goal is to build the perfect transportation network, grow cities and industries, to increase the need for transportation. ... well to be honest, in this last regard, the game is not very different from other games in this genre.it is the multitude of frustrating things. that make me not like to play this game for now. it needs a huge amount of work to get out of a development-/testing stage."
76561197969794096,Not Recommended,304730,12206858,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[HcC]Peacekeeper,Bugged and crashy game with a realy bad and non-intuitive user interface.Since there is no proper manual you also have to invest loads of time just to accomplish basic stuff.You probably need to have OCD to like that fiddely track laying mode.The amount of memory leaks and unoptimized CPU usage is just a sign for a realy bad coding team without basic knowledge of computer science.There is also absolutely no feedback on the steam forums.If you spend your money on giving it to a roadside beggar you definetly have more out of it.
,Not Recommended,304730,12064000,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,grendelbiter,"I can't help but compare this game to Transport Tycoon Deluxe (and the developer himself does it too) and in that regard this game fails horribly. Only four Industries to set up with max 2 steps involved, very simplified train routing, very limited choice of vehicles, small maps (yes compared to TTD they are small) make this game seem like a childrens toy. Which is good if that's what you're after but this was advertised as a ""modern-day Transport Tycoon.""Save yourself some money and play the free Transport Tycoon Deluxe, which you can even play online."
,Not Recommended,304730,13681386,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,CMDR Sweeper,"Sadly this was one of the titles I was excited over coming out, but for its price it is beaten by the old dogs in the railroad / transport tycoon games.In fact, Railroad Tycoon 2 with its shortcomings will actually excite you more, and is more intutive than this game.That is the game's first downfall, lack of tutorials, or rather a cheapskate way of doing it.The tutorials in game are JUST a sloppy redirect link to the Steam guides for this game, the public directory of Steam guides at that with lackluster content.It works, but the instability of the Steam system will easily give you headaches on some days, and leaving you with ZERO tutorials, or forced to watch a 10 minute video to find out how to rotate a building or station.Which leads us into another problem, zero keybinds, you dislike the rotation of buildings on the N and M key? Tough luck, that is set in stone and CAN'T be changed in the options.Another problem I have noticed is that the audio tends to go wonky and skips during gameplay, this especially evident with the gameplay music if you are opening menu's or the like, and it isn't a lack of performance / FPS, as the game runs nicely elsewhere when scrolling and zooming, but opening and closing menu's triggers it, and may be a symptom of much bigger problems underneath the surface.In short, do I recommend you buy this game? Well it is a refreshing breath into the transport genre, but their competitors who only had the problem of being old, with poor 2D or DirectX 6 or DirectX 7 graphics, will  kick this game hard when it comes gameplay.OpenTTD is a serious contender to this game, and is also under constant evolution, and while it is hard to beat, the devs better shape up and get their act together.EDIT: As a quick update to the latest set of updates rolled out at 22nd of May 2015, the issues STILL stand, except now you can hear the music problem even just idling in the main menu.Steam guides are still used, and Steam is STILL unreliable with frequent downtimes, and the keybinds still cannot be changed."
76561198093506661,Not Recommended,304730,13633991,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Karl Harlequin,"This game is completely unplayable. It lacks basic features such as undo, the controls are clunky, and the tutorials are unhelpful. I played for about two hours and couldn't get anything to work - no matter what I built or where. Waste of money. This is a ripoff alert. AVOID."
76561198169957738,Not Recommended,304730,23154025,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Coaltrickle13,it's not fun after the 1st time you play but that's just my review if you want to try it out to see if you'll like it.
76561198039596970,Not Recommended,304730,14523942,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,chimo12,Very confusing and the tutorial does not explain much... Not worth 20$
76561198152424014,Recommended,304730,34772059,Posted: 6 September,all,usafa_mockingbird,"This my absolutely my favorite transport econ sim. I love that we can use all modes of transportation (planes, trains, auto and ships) and manage logistics for profit! This is one of my most favorite games of all time!"
76561197995095380,Not Recommended,304730,13616070,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Staite,Controls are clunky and tutorials are really lacking. Not enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,304730,22787982,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,dbkoob / rctnextgeneration,Lag City.If cities skylines can play without lag why not train fever. Very poor optimization. I wish i could play the game but i cant with all the lag
,Not Recommended,304730,12036376,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Iren,"My train fever always got crash above 1940+. My pc system requirements higher than minimum requirements. How to fix it? I will give ""recommended"" if you can fix this problem."
76561198062440797,Not Recommended,304730,12060083,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,meraco,"I very much wanted to like this game. I have over 85 gaming titles, including ""other"" train sims. Many have incredible graphic emersion and I set them all to the highest resolution available. These games run smooth and with solid framerates. (none of them required me to ""tinker"" with the graphic card or any aspect of my computer to run at capasity)So when I looked at this game I saw that the graphics were not of the same caliber I assumed that running the game would be a breeze for my computer. Wow.. was I wrong.I loaded my first game (Medium map)  and once it loaded I was beside myself at the lag that was present. I thought.. this cant be right... So I tried to dumb down the graphic settings to see if it helped. No change..System Specs:I7 3.00 on an X58 motherboard.24 gig of ramNvidia GTX 580 (2 gig Vram)Win 7 proEven with this level of system resourses the lag spikes make this game unplayable.And I don't understand it. I run Skyrim at full settings, X Rebirth at full settings, Crysis 3 at full settings. and all of them are high end graphical miracles that emerse you into new and amazing worlds.  Train Fever although fun looking does not even come close to delivering this experience. Its a map with roads and rails crossing over them. You dont even get a ""ride / follow the train"" view.How can a simplistic looking map game harsh my system so bad?Clearly there is something wrong with the game. And I will NOT tinker with my system to make this game work at the risk of making my computer unable to run the other games.When someone buys a new game. they should not have to jump hoops to make it work. The developers need to sort it out within the code. To do anything less will only limit your market share. Not everyone knows how to tinker with system settings.I am very disapointed with Train Fever and I have no choice but to shelve it as an ""unplayable game"" and move on to another game. I cannot recommend this to anyone and I caution those that are considering buying it.. You WILL be disapointed with the frame rate."
76561198006990645,Not Recommended,304730,12061897,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,hawkeye,"After 140 hours of gameplay, not recommended.  It is a very boring game.Do not believe the minimum specs listed - not even close to accurate.Graphics are poor - dull, drab and lacking crispness.Railway operations are too simplistic and do not work like a real railway operations. (when I saw steam engines running at speed pumping out black smoke I should have realised then that that the devs probably did not know much about trains)Many bugs still to be fixed.Signals are invisible except on max zoom level.Track laying is a pain even when it decides to behave correctly.The industry/goods side of things is very weak.Game maps tend to be repetitive.  Played one map then you've played them all.And the showstopper - there are too few trains.  One train will usually be enough to service an entire line connecting 5 or 6 towns.  In the 20 or so games I have played the most trains I have had running is 5.  The game becomes one where you watch 1 or 2 trains run back and forward over a featureless landscape, then upgrade them when a new engine becomes available, and then sit there and watch the 2 trains run back and forward over a featureless landscape, ........  It's like a record playing the same song again and again.There is no incentive to build long lines as exist in the real world because no-one wants to go anywhere far away.  There is a 20 minute rule where the population won't travel at all if the entire trip is longer than 20 minutes (which equates to the next train stop usually).  This is possibly a result of modelling passengers individually.  Each boid chews up cpu and so the game has been dumbed down to minimise the number of boids but maximise the number of boid trips by making maximum trip length quite short.  End result is that the game just doesn't feel like a real railway."
,Not Recommended,304730,12059307,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,50UZ56 Alex,"This is a very nice replica of what used to be a Transport Tycoon. A lot of logic is missing. Very glitchy. Train can lose the paths.  You need to construct cargo and passenger stations separately. I do support the idea and I wish that the money I spent on this will go into the game improvement, but this is obviously an alpha release with a lot of things missing or miss-functioning."
76561198113811085,Not Recommended,304730,14707319,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,d4rk_titan,Game dosnt load saved games it just crashes plus it always crashes my game about 30 mins in
76561198121022195,Not Recommended,304730,19791777,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,lawlor,dose not work be carful when getting this game when I try playing it tells me that I need to try installing the latest drivers for my grafical card but I have the latest driver already.  dont recomend this game and if you do buy it make sure you print your reseet.
76561198210122036,Recommended,304730,34589953,Posted: 29 August,all,Danonino,"I had fun playing this game it's pretty nice if you want to get to know how to manage trains and also well designed, if your a train lover this game is for you (although if you can, transport fever from the same creators is better)"
,Recommended,304730,31471474,Posted: 30 April,all,ParawesKNRain,"Not bad. Unfortunately,it has some bugs, but game works pretty stable."
76561198167612381,Recommended,304730,34494205,Posted: 25 August,all,"""The Robbo Duck""",a solid gameplay and style for this type of game ive played many hours and undoubtably will play many more over time its a game you can play have a break and come back to over and over casualy
,Not Recommended,304730,12037891,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,manupia,"The game is very slow (even with low graphics settings) and buggy (cannot load a savegame), the UI is poorly designed. Much work still to do to make it worth the buy"
76561198163439620,Not Recommended,304730,16799584,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,sarcamstic,"The game lacks in everything!Just recently I requested a refund on this game, when I decided to play it once more. I realized again, horrible game even with low textures and everything set on low it still lagged!"
76561198029568563,Not Recommended,304730,13241044,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,simon,"Its such a shame - this is a nice little train/road transport sim. If you like OpenTTD or Railroad Tycoon 2 its very attractive BUT the performance is just awful. Once you have played a few years and growth of the cities starts you will be subjected to frequent freezes, pauses and waiting. Eventually these get so bad that the game becomes totally unplayable."
76561198045536998,Not Recommended,304730,12371064,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,tayl281,"A great deal of promise, hopefully with the many patches to come it will become more user friendly, After 46 hours at least 44 have been building railways and rarely successfully. A manual would be of great assistance!"
76561198012212084,Not Recommended,304730,13057520,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,SirJeffrey,"I would NOT recommend this game to anyone else.If you're interested in a tycoon game > Transport Tycoon Deluxe / Open TTDIf you're interested in a city transportation game > Transport Giant.This game tries to be a mix of various great games.In my opinion it didnt succeed in it.Don't buy this game unless you're very bored and you see it on 90% sale..I dont recall how much I bought it for, (on sale) but it surely isn't worth the €24,99 it normally is.1/5"
76561197970670493,Not Recommended,304730,12015673,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,{GITS} Sgt_Lobo,"I believe this might be my first review/posting:  I have played all of the previous games others have mentioned.  TT was the best.  I purchased this after watching the videos and had hope.  Large landscape dotted with cities which all look the same.  Some dots of trees and such, but otherwise an uninteresting landscape.  I couldn't find any helpful instructions for anything (2 tutorials??).  The game feels like it's missing 60 percent of its content.  Should be easy to add things like:  the ability to place landscape features, buildings, trees, etc.  Why are there no pre-done cities of the future?  All game beginnings are the same, although if you get to a certain point, i guess you begin the game at a later date.  I cant' get there!  Hesitated to buy and bought anyway.  Should have waited :(  Developer - You have the makings of something which you could make right.  Will you make this a complete game?"
76561197970358912,Not Recommended,304730,12034573,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Kera,"The game starts out good and its a game I want to like.But the lack of feedback from the game makes the game feel somewhat broken. Goods seems random at times if they are to succeed. Passengers are difficult to know what they really want.Also should be easier upgrading the different vehicles, then selling them all and buying new. Why not just a single upgrade button?"
,Not Recommended,304730,13232922,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,BaronVonChahyll,"More like Bus Fever! Honestly this game has amazing graphics but beyond that this game seems empty and complicated. In order to actually make money you absolutly must start rail or road lines to industrial producers. Your passenger lines in the cities and between cities never really seem to make any money and I always find my frieght subsidizing my passenger lines. There also seems to be no real point to the game. Not in the ""It never ends"" sense but in the sense that I just make lines, hope they do well and watch the vehicles bounce across the screen. It would have been nice to see some sort of Railroad Tycoon influences. Maybe this game has more to go but if that is the case it should still be Beta. It feels like it."
,Not Recommended,304730,12034644,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,|1MC|Easy,"if this was beta the lack of content would be justifiable but this ""release"" is bare bones no frills.no complex industry chains. everything ends up as goods nothing changes as the centuries pass by.  no new industry, just industry that processes materials into ""goods."" in my opinion there should be better calcualtiuons of placement and better scalability of single sites instead of a homogonous placement off all materials across the map.rail placement and signaling is terrible.  I've seen more complex options with my sons Thomas the tank engine wooden track set.progression though the time peroids changes nothing as they advance. You're just time unlock trains and vehicles to use in a nearly static world.for content and basic game dynamics stick with RRT2+ or OpenTTD"
,Not Recommended,304730,12042182,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,redscouse51,"This game works and I do actually like it but I don't recommend it at this time because it is not finished. There is so much stuff missing that should have been included on release that it is not worth the £20 price tag. The TF forums are flooded with suggestions of what players would like to see included in the game but they are suggesting basic stuff that should already have been included. Modders (god bless 'em) are already hard at work doing the dev's job for them... for free. A minimum 50% reduction in price and I wouldn't have a problem recommending TF as a good purchase with amazing potential.Having said that... 6 days after launch and I still cannot play TF unless I disable my AVG security. AVG flags Trainfever.exe as a Win32/Heur virus and removes it. If I disable AVG, I can play TF."
,Not Recommended,304730,12222232,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,gsclayton,"Great game in concept but needs some fixing on the train front.Overall a great game, but some of the points below will need fixing before I turn it back on personally,Good Points;1. Graphics are stunning.2. Large world.3. People are dynamic4. Great choice of vehicles available.Bad Points;1. If you have built a decent train line using the track you get in 1850, you will spend hours later in the game removing all of the track, and then replacing it with high speed/electric in exactly the same place! Please put in a feature to upgrade the whole line with either the same way the roads can be upgraded!2. Being able to lay two way track (and switches) would be a massive help.3. There is no ability to create road/track, and then commit all at once, this means that if you make a mistake, you have to rip it all up and try again.4. Creating bridges and tunnels are difficult to plan.Couple of bits I've not seen mentioned that may improve the game.1. I would like to be able to choose which platform my route uses.2. Waypoints would be useful, so that I could pass a fast train seperately to the once on the normal line.3. I modded a few of the waggons to give me specialised cargo capacity, ie only wood, only iron etc.4. It is way to easy to make money with the lorries, as they can carry equal amounts of everything, maybe they should also be more specialised..."
,Not Recommended,304730,14846135,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Dave,"Be cautous of the requirements of this game. It claims that Mac's under 10.7+ can run it. This is not true. The graphics drivers available under 10.7 for the ATI Radeon are not compatible with this game.The developer was more than helpful in determining this and claimed that they would update the requirements here in Steam, yet it still claims 10.7+."
76561197960388094,Not Recommended,304730,14880906,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Mr Jernberg,"I brought this game in hope of it living up to Transport tycoon. It does not in any way do that right now. It certainly have the potensial. There is only ONE problem with the game. The building tools. It's f*cking impossible to make a railway that connects with eachother because of the automatic levels of stations and suchs.I have now spent all my time playing the game TRYING to connect a simple line between 2 factories.When you do something wrong, and you will, cause you get no clue if it's gonna work or not, you will have to PAY to redo it. Plus the land around the railway somehow f*cked up cause apperantly you tried and build the railway 500 feet below surface.Sorry, but this doesn't cut it. Looking at cities Skyline right now in anger..."
76561198153420137,Not Recommended,304730,18193116,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,thejazzman96,This sucks
,Not Recommended,304730,18513253,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Fox Smith,"I would rather kill myself than pay for this unfinished piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥again. This game has the worst engine you can imagine, tons of bugs and glitches and if this wasn't enough, the way you are allowed to build the tracks/stations is so unrealistic compared to reality that you can play Sid Mayer's Railroad instead, which is also more fun. 0/10 Would enjoy drinking bleach more."
76561197969900047,Recommended,304730,33695245,Posted: 21 July,all,Holdfast,.
,Recommended,304730,29133011,Posted: 8 January,all,BRWN M4N,;@I CANT RENAME A CITY!
76561197999571446,Recommended,304730,11977362,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Yuri,"Cool game but i would like a normal tutorial, or a guide. Very confusing at the geginning"
,Recommended,304730,11977208,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,jets50,Good game so far. Having an issue with trains getting stuck trying to go against the flow coming out of the depot. Is there no way to make it go backwards into the depot or delete the train entirely?
76561198065052804,Not Recommended,304730,14694981,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,wolfcentric,I was looking for something a little more pleasing to the eye than OpenTTD but this has an awful interface and barely much scope gameplay wise. Quite pretty looking but that's about it.
76561197961192069,Not Recommended,304730,14692819,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,DatBoi [RAT],Seems unfinished.
76561198068153231,Not Recommended,304730,26096587,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,lordzowy,I've given up trying to play this game. It continusly crashes on my high end system. I've opened a case with support and have had no resonse. Do not waste your money.
76561198104338115,Not Recommended,304730,14933347,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,brianmessmer,"DO NOT BUY!!! The game is broken as soon as you download it. Some other people may have been able to play, but in almost ALL of their videos, they explain that it is a long learning curve and takes a good bit to understand the game. My issues are: No game icons come up to even play the tutorial, let alone the actual game itself. I have contacted the game designers and after a week they have not commented to my direct email request, nor my forums post.As of 3-17-15, the download is unplayable"
,Not Recommended,304730,13671799,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The Paulotron,"Oh dear. Where do I start. This game has (or rather had) so much potential. Just a remake of Transport Tycoon would have  been enough for most fans. But its just a bad game. Here it goes:- lackluster interface that looks like something you can program in VisualBasic with smallish numbers and UI elements- no AI- weird size ratios between stations and town buildings. Some bus stations are huge compared to the town size- very little economic gameplay, don't expect RR2 levels of management here (on par with TTD though)- no area indicator for stations (really not funny if you want to build bus/ tram lines)- you can't start later than 1850 until you get the achievements. You start out with a horse buggy. Its called TRAIN Fever. TRAINS!!- very unintuitive cargo system, industry buildings are relly small sizewise compared to trains and stations, looks just weird.Here comes the most annoying aspect: Building tracks:Building tracks is similar to RR2 but it does not work out. There are constantly farms. buildings or really small roads in the way. Sometimes it says not enough space. The tool permanently builds cuts or embankments. The whole track looks juist ugly with those. Worst of all you have to build your track in small segments. And don't get me started on double tracks.The problem ist that sometimes you realize that the planned route will not work out (gradients are not well shown on the map) and you need to plan an alternative route. Well, your money is gone...you CAN NOT PLAN your route. How could they not add a route planner for this game. I wasted so much money trying to build track (and buying this game).Stick with OpenTTD. It looks dated but the mechanics are solid.---Have a look at my channelhttps://www.youtube.com/user/phoppe1980"
76561198290503443,Not Recommended,304730,23294351,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,aswinjay,"Pathetic Game play, game doesnt even render well. Dont every buy this game. Hopeless, lots to done to improve the overall gameplay. Annoying."
,Recommended,304730,28994672,Posted: 3 January,all,lmrodrigues,Very good!
,Recommended,304730,33040454,Posted: 30 June,all,$ilviu,It's nice
,Not Recommended,304730,14051582,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,gustnepjerrot,"The games seems unfinished. The GUI and vital game function are suffering from a sloppy design.It's hard to do even simpel procedures as:- Laying tracks.- Designing busroutes is hopeless- Train Signals is confusing- Trains can't change tracks. Meaning if a traindepot is placed on a parallel track, the train can't find it, even if theres placed a switchThese are just a sample of the frustrating things about Train Fever."
,Not Recommended,304730,17584508,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Yasha SL#Because I Got High,This game is awful beacause it need to bee free to play
,Not Recommended,304730,28891723,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ZerefT1,Im not recomended this game because this game is so boring
76561198054297474,Not Recommended,304730,14714294,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Elis_Eris,Full of crashes !!!
,Not Recommended,304730,16866943,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,jachym.svec,"When I bought the game I thought it will be similar to Cities in Motion. When I got to play the game I was really disappointed. The games is very slow paced, even at 3x the speed."
76561198198846909,Not Recommended,304730,16609274,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,aclement239,it sucks i cant play it what so ever
,Not Recommended,304730,14342200,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,GreyFox,i dont know it didnt appeal to me i play tons of ttd but its not as good 4/10
76561198046897182,Not Recommended,304730,13043427,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,porfora,"Do not waste your money on this, dig out your old Transport Giant.  I've had about 5 hours on it and have enjoyed nothing, it is hard work.I remember Transport Giant  came out the box and within minutes I was enjoying it, this is a good excuse to have a rummage and find it again."
76561198007986976,Not Recommended,304730,26499551,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,wilson_racing,game dos not work or want to run
76561198055779649,Not Recommended,304730,14786364,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,rolla3,Has potential but track construction still needs work.
76561198101788565,Not Recommended,304730,15347854,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,purchases,"I have several different train simulators and games at this point and this is pretty much the worst of them. The in-game help is horrible, disconnected, and basically doesn't get you up and ""running"". As others have noted, it's trying to jam too much into one game so it feels very half-butted rather than doing one or two things whole-butted. The panning and scrolling are jerky and feel very ""shareware"" like. The graphics are pretty rudimentary. For example, when creating a tunnel you get an angled mess that looks like a bottomless quick sand pit rather than a nice entrance and exit to the tunnel. Even the main menu looks like a major accident when you change to higher resolutions. Errors are even funnier! You'll get errors like ""Not enough space"" when you're trying to connect a road to a station...in the middle of a pasture! Or ""Collision! Terrain alignment collision. Not enough space"" What the heck does THAT mean?When you're building a track, to scroll the landscape you have to continue holding down the left mouse button to lay track while at the same time holding down the right mouse button and moving the mouse in the opposite direction to scroll the screen. Really? Did anyone teach these developers how to write software? When laying track it automatically curves when you want to go straight...and then you get another error messages that have more meaning in a C++ compiler than in a train simulation game. It seems like the designers got into a room and decided on the following tenets:1. Make the help as useless as possible.2. Make the error messages even more useless than the help.3. Make the controls for the UI as useless as the error messages.4. Make the graphics look as close as possible to Pac Man.5. Make the game extremely unintuitive to chase potential customers away so that we can go bankrupt.6. Charge a lot of money so we came make as much as possible before declaring baankruptcy.This wasn't worth the money it cost me, and I would HIGHLY STRESS that if you're thinking about buying this game, invest in a tree stump instead...it'll provide less aggrevation and more entertainment that this game."
76561198103515363,Not Recommended,304730,19138358,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,flappygamer,I like the music part of the tralier but the game sucks so no one should buy it to 20000 dollers pls
76561198054237315,Not Recommended,304730,32314887,Posted: 10 June,all,WarlockO,"Outro simulador nada intuitivo.Quando é que as empresas de simuladores atuais vãoaprender a fazer games de boa jogabilidade comoera o simcity, age of empires, etc?Perde-se muito tempo para aprender muito pouco.Os produtores de games tem que ter em mente quea pessoa que está sentada na cadeira jogandonão tem só isso para fazer, tem que trabalhar, estudar,ter vida social ativa. Não dá para perder tempo, horas e horassó para parender a dinâmica de um game.NÃO RECOMENDO. E é muito caro."
,Not Recommended,304730,33012871,Posted: 29 June,all,CGLtax,DO NOT INSTALL on Windows 10 Surface Pro 4 ... constant crashing!!!
,Recommended,304730,19893867,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Moe ilia,"For all them train lovers, this is a great game!"
76561197982264104,Not Recommended,304730,12074874,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,CrazyHawk,"Do NOT get this game until they get it right. They said this game was easy to build with. It’s far from it. This game feels like it’s still in Alpha. Things the Dev's need to address before I'd recommend this game.An UNDO Button. I hate wasting my money when a road or Track doesn’t want to connect. Even with a money cheat this was a pain in the butt. Tracks not connecting where I want them to. I couldn’t make a decent train yard without laying Miles and Miles of track.I'd like to see drag and drop adjustments when laying a track or road. Example: lay a stretch of track. And being able to move different parts of it before finalizing the track.Tracks don’t like to merge (RxR) with any road that the PLAYER sets down. I tried leveling the ground, making  a tunnel, and even tried a bridge. Always got a ""collision error"" or ""unusable space"", or even “Not enough space”.A better tutorial. They show you how to get bus's running to get the people moving and how to lay a starting passenger train set up. But they don’t teach you how to get cargo moving or how to merge it to your trains.A SELL Button in the bus depot. I hate having to make a route just to use the ""return to depot and sell"" button... Such a pain in the butt.The Dev's really could take a lesson from Railroad Tycoon. This game has SO MUCH protenchel, I'd hate to see it fail."
,Not Recommended,304730,14598654,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,bkhoshkhu,It's a great game! but it does keep crashing and I'm not gonna recommend it untill it gets fixed.
,Not Recommended,304730,12073861,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,hartdaniel,"This game is junk.... Graphics are no better than any of the old games it resembles.  There is no manual or real tutorial.  You learn on your own, or via internet.I think this developer is trying to recoup its losses after realizing they cannot fix it or improve it.  I sure feel ripped off.Do not buy this."
76561198182066683,Not Recommended,304730,14693875,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,kili_chad,"Paid for and downloaded the game, my son got to play for a bit before bed, now this morning, it won't give us the option for the construction tools.  Why won't it do this???  I know it was at a discount, is this why?  Because it won't work the second time you try to use it?  I would love to get my $$ back on this game, if I can't figure it out!"
,Not Recommended,304730,13022102,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,airadine,"They say it's a modern day Transport Tycoon, only what they don't tell you is that TRansport Tycoon was far more advanced. This game is a joke and you shouldn't waste your money on it. It's unstable, low quality graphics and adds nothing in terms of advancement to the original."
76561198004439817,Not Recommended,304730,13751071,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Nick O'Laus Kage,Terrible.. i can't re config graphics.. no options.. ESC doesn't work.. what is this pile of crap.!?!?
,Not Recommended,304730,12058717,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Ghostly_smoke,"Too buggy to even play.  Bots are not even smart enough, to use the other tracks if  there's another train coming.  Honestly, It's terrible and I want my money back"
76561198048850684,Not Recommended,304730,12355090,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,nyoung5188,"I downloaded Train Fever fromSteam.comand it has failed miserably on my Mac. I can't play the game because every time I attempt to load a save game, the game crashes. This game is unplayable!!!"
76561197992262183,Not Recommended,304730,12130909,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,hobnail,"this game does not work from day 1,do not buy ,waste of 20 pounds."
76561198053246358,Not Recommended,304730,27327444,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,patgillette,Started getting notifications about my hard drive having glitches and after notification 4 i had traced it to this game. I then proceded to uninstall because im not risking my hard drive corrupting over a 3 dollar game. Railroad tycoon is infinately a better game and does not cause hardware problems. If you decide to get this procede with caution.
76561197987052948,Not Recommended,304730,22540459,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Andrew,I might pay $14.99 for this game.  Clunky and many quirks of gameplay which are not explained at all. Did not enjoy. Way too many pop up windows and you have to close each one with mouse.
,Not Recommended,304730,13024755,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,skyroski,"I do not recommend this game even on sale (this review is made 2.5 months after initial release). Primarily because the user ""interface"" is really really poorly designed, despite all the nice looking screenshots and videos, this game is almost unplayable, it is more of a hassle fighting with the interface than it should / needs to be.This game's user interface is on the level of Sim Tower - i.e. non-existent, boring font and text, surrounded by boxes facts and numbers using standard Arial font. Certainly not acceptable in today's standards.Don't be fooled by the nice screenshots of the game running. You'll run the other way when you actually see how bad the interface is.There are many other reasons not to recommend this game.- Performance issue particularly when moving around the map. I have a AMD 290X, one of the top end graphics card money can buy at the moment and it stutters moving around a medium map on medium graphic settings.- Gameplay bugs, really basic things like coaches for some reason goes to the 2nd stop in a line instead of starting from the 1st once you start a new line. How can bugs like this still be in the game after how ever many patches it has since release?- Lack of WASD/Arrow key/edge of map movement consistency - it seems like sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. Does it even have key bindings? Who knows.It simply isn't even worth the $20 sale price given the amount of time I spent in it before I've given up in frustration. Given that this game is considered ""complete"", has been released for some time and not an early access / alpha stage game, people should not put their hopes up that the developers will make this into a polished game with their gratis patching.If the developers proof me wrong, I'll gladly update and change this review. But at this moment in time, in my opinion it is a $5 game for effort, which is a big shame as it has so much potential. Will the developers unlock it, well if they were planning to I would've thought they should've released this as an Early Access.You probably don't want to pay to find out. I'd rather pay $120 for the Japanese version of A-Train 3.0 than any money towards some incomplete garbage. Even Cities in Motion 2, a game that is considered ""rough around the edges"" but complete, is hundrds of miles better than this ""game""."
76561198038737821,Not Recommended,304730,14396308,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Isti,"Totally unoptimized, full of bugs and lacks. Never pay for it!"
76561197968518432,Not Recommended,304730,14696565,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Svenbot,All I can say is Buggy
,Not Recommended,304730,12058947,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,A320VaporTrail,"review as of 09102014 - is this an Alpha release?   The user interface is painful.  I read others talking of this but I thought I would give it a try as I might be more willing to overlook this for the gaming experience - it is not intuitive at all and really hurts the initial desire to even want to start playing the ‘game’  HOPEFULLY – this is ‘sort of’ an Alpha Release and the developer will work on improving the UI as well as a reason to play… Sandbox mode is fine but for how long.  In short - hold off buying this for right now for one of two things - price drops a lot OR major improvements to UI & game play.  I'll update here is I see any - ""if I don't loose interest in the wait""New Day - trying to play to get my $$$ worth. Nope not happening.  To painful to play right now.  Stations are either cargo or passengers, lots and lots of issues trying to build lines."
,Not Recommended,304730,17432844,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Zergkäsepony,This game should be considered malware because it automatically hides menu bar and dock on OS X.
76561198031003022,Not Recommended,304730,12112424,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,nickdlane,"It seemed promising, but it is so impossibly slow (running on a macbook pro 2.4Ghz core i5) that it is completely unplayable. Waste of money. Don't bother!"
76561198019160417,Not Recommended,304730,12112221,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,theelectricmollusc,"Very disappointed. Maybe I was expecting too much!  I prepurchased this after reading the early access reviews (though i was unable to gain early access! really must follow kickstarter more often).  And watching the teaser videos.  It looked so good! like Railroad Tycoon but, better.Sorry, but it is not.  It is not even close to as enjoyable as RT3 is, it is, depressing.So here is a run down of what I worked on in the game.  Started with a small map, medium terrain and easy.  (as advised)I followed the tutorial to make a bus route in the larger town on the map.   Started making revenue.   Went off and watched 5 episodes of Breaking Bad as my wife wanted to revist the show.  Went to bed.   Woke next morning made 10 million!!!! Game finshed then.   Pretty much.Thought about and started to make a transport route to take  in some of that tasty commerce travellng (by foot) along the roads.  Can't build a road on a track that is already there,  huh,  Ok, building one alongsides is pointless and incredibly hard.  Flood the road with trucks after several infuriating attempts to set up a distribution point.   30 trucks.  6 episodes of Breaking bad return to more money!  ok now the game is finished?  Nope I want to do what is plastered all over the front.  Build the best rail network the world has ever seen!  Nope.Infuriatingly unintuitive railtrack laying system that seems to have a default route that will burn through your millions as it carves its way over under and through the landscape with little or no ability of the player to work around obsticles.  Crossing rivers? yeah, maybe if the game allows it at that point,  have a selecton of bridges to choose from, only allowed to select the one the game lets you select.Oh, and when you have built this track and laid out the right stations you have to spend a fortune maintaining the track and trains and the roods vehicles that deteriate over time sucking more of your hard earned money.So I restart.  I have the best bus/tram route the world has ever seen!  I make Buckets of money every year!  I have no debt! I have no railway or commerce trucks.I am so happy i unistalled the game.  Maybe after a year the game will have been worked on and finished, because it certainly isn't at this finished at this point.  Or, maybe the developers will bring out Train Feaver 2 for another $35 and it will have fixed all that was wrong in the first game.I wanted to be happy with it, I really did."
76561198030595228,Not Recommended,304730,12163967,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,k1-para,dont get it some antivrus will think its a virus
76561198021953462,Not Recommended,304730,12083324,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,davisjee,"Honestly!, the game don't work..the patches don't work, I would not recommend this game until they fix it. 2-5 minutes in the game it crashes...just throwing away money...."
,Recommended,304730,31675655,Posted: 10 May,all,Oz,Adctv! NSFW
,Not Recommended,304730,14720860,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Filson,Not good.  Terrible UI.  Illogical economics.  Crashes.  Nonsensical transit operations.
,Recommended,304730,29660577,Posted: 2 February,all,Syrup Sandwich,good♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack
76561198019957854,Not Recommended,304730,11990474,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,doublehappy,Transport games live or die by their user-interface. This is still a beta though so maybe they'll improve the interface to make the game actually playable before they release it on Steam as a finished game for $34.99? Oh.
,Not Recommended,304730,14702395,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Omniglory,There is litterally NOT an option for resolution that fits my screen. it goes from 1950 to 2500 to 3880. wtf?
76561198050439093,Not Recommended,304730,11994637,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,fox.r.timothy,"Sucks!  I bought this game a month early in anticipation, and now after waiting I cannot even play! I want a refund!  I have a new Alienware 14 laptop with a 2gb graphics card and this pos game will not even let me build a station in a town before it crashes.  So needless to say, I have not even been able to run one train.  They need to get this figured out asap, I paid, I waited, I want the game that was promised!"
76561198059647284,Not Recommended,304730,11978392,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,huhla,"I consider this being in alpha stage with very limited features and UI. Graphics are great, but that's all. With that much limited options, one cannot even think of comparing this game to openTTD, not even the orignal TTD.I haven't played much since the game is constantly crashing. At this point, I am very disappointed - I hope the devs are planning to improve the game.EDIT: A patch (the third probably) made the game playable for me. However, it just deepened my disappointment: when you finally grasp (or read somewhere on the net) how the cargo is actually moved around, it is a pain to construct anything more complicated. The construction tool is hard to use but you can manage to build something (although no crossings are allowed...) All the fun stops when you get something like ""I can't find a way to my stop"" from a train that was built in a depot just next to the line and has direct access to it. Pathfinding is a chapter for itslelf... There are still some other bugs like the trucks on distincts lines blocking each other at stations, which renders these stations useless for multiple lines. And more and more... so the feeling that the devs should charge for a full release is still around...:-(EDIT: build 6219. The devs are definitely working on the game - the performance is now much better. The UI is also somewhat improved, but there are still glitches like windows constantly opening out of view. Second sad thing is that your trucks can still get easily blocked: 4 lines at connected to a 4 platform large truck station often end up with 2 lines using the same platform (not a hard algorithm to get that right, hm?). You can try to remove stations so the linkink resets...which might help you until next change. But you usually get stuck again as the old linking is stil used for incoming trucks...On the other hand, some updates are cool, like the DLC and mods! Thumbs up for that. I hope I can change my review to recommend next time."
,Not Recommended,304730,12065378,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,79Cyrus,another game on steam which no a sshole needs...worst shi t ever moddafukkaz
76561198110635099,Not Recommended,304730,12128013,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,etur,Stay away! Don't even bother to give a try. Worthless piece of incomplete software.
76561198008622828,Not Recommended,304730,12181331,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Xaxoon,"MY REVIEW (personally)I DONT WRITE THAT to blame that game! I just write down my impressions , after playing that game a long time. Maybe it helps some ppl, who think about to buy that game.Yeah and i am not a native english speaker. So dont care about my typographical errors and others ;-)I use a new i7 CPU, 12gig RAM  and the new Gtx970 (4gig) under win7 ultimate 64bit. THE GAMES RUNS SLOW and i get under 20 FPS sometimes. I run FPS shooter with incredible grapik under ULTRA settings and full HD with 60FP+-. THAT MEANS:That game is really, really bad programmed!I played that game now for so many times. I wonder how addicted that thing made me. But i guess, its the luck for the programmer, that there are not alot other transportation games on the market like this in ""transport tycoon style"", so the gamer HAVE to choose this one. Otherwhise, it would not be worth to be played at all.FACTS:There are so many more bugs and issues. Clipping errors is one word. Trains cruise through private cars like ghosts, terraine modelling is aweful, looks like i would play a game from the 90's. We would need more resources, not only iron, oil, and some of the others. What about fruits and plantages? Or fish industry on the waters? Seems like the programmers had to hurry. And then the fitting cars for that resources? I have to use about 20 mods and dont have enough resources though...IT IS FACT, that this game has really problems with that game code, which couses unstability and bad performance (Game use 1 CPU core only, and this with bad code- feel free to google that), and you will know that problems by yourself, if you ever played that game more than a few hours.One big problem is, that most of this issues are ""hardcoded"", not easy to repair without coding the whole code new. :-(There are no tools at all in this game, which are already standard since years, like ""underground few"", when trying to build tunnels. Most of the time you get ""collision"" warnings while building something in that game world, but it is not shown where, and why. So it gets to a really frustrating work to connect two train stations or even simply roads!There are no options to build up real, working routing chains, especially passengers... Passengers dont use smart routing chains like they do in ""Cities in motion"" for example. Try to connect 3 buss routes togehter, it wont work well. They enter one transportation route and go to one other, or to their direct goal. Even they would be faster than walking, they dont use more lines. Tried this out may, many hours.When upgrading a road, most of the times i get a error messages on road crossings. So i have to crush the whole part and make a new one. I understand that- within cities, because of the insufficient place to make that road bigger, but outside, middle of nowhere, nothing in the way? Why cant i plant roads over train tracks? I have to crush that tracks, build a road and then build that track again... huh?And its nearly inpossible to construct a nice bridge within a city, it need so much space - and you'll get lots of error messages again.Today i tried to electrify an elder train track part. I needed 1/2 hour to find that small track part (about 1 milimeter) which was not clicked to get elecrityed, and so i got ""no way found"" messages in a row from my first electric train...A annoying klicking orgy, nothing in common with fun imho...There are NO options at all, to interact with cities. You cant pay for commercial to raise the stream of passengers, and so on. Why cant i build something like ""attractions"" or something else like this to get more tourists for my train routes! Oh, i forgot - THERE ARE NO TOURISTS! I know, this is a transportation game, not a city builder. But man, we have seen it could be done better in other games.Conclusion:If this game would be a game in beta state, which will be releases in the next 1-2 years, that game would wake my hopes. But like this, i have all the time the bad feeling, all the time the anger about this many mistakes in that game, that i really want play this but... I am faced all the time by irregularities, while playing that game. But i want fun, not getting angry all the time. There is a great potential, but unfortunately its not used at all. Its a half-hearted thing, but some german magazine testers gave so many good reviews about this game - but what for? Because its a small budged game? Because there are not many others of that kind of games? Maybe, i dont know at all. So its to say: its not THE transportation game, not even close to that. Maybe there will come some patches, that could help. Now at the moment i can't recommend that game.Regards,Tom"
76561197985375549,Not Recommended,304730,12473304,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Butt-Butt,Still unplayable after several patches. I've played numerous transport games and city builders. This is the worst game I have ever paid money for.
,Not Recommended,304730,12135571,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Razors Edge,Until they fix the bugs im going to not recommend the game.  It has GREAT potential but many bugs in cargo transports can cause millions to shrink in your wallet.check some of the threads on the known bug issues as there are many.   A patch is greatly  needed.
76561198007374190,Not Recommended,304730,12033731,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,ANZAC,Doesn't run on Nvidia Geforce GTS 360M (1 GB) which Supports Open GL 2.1.Times out on Graphics.Only find out  what the problem is after visit to Forum which says need Graphics card to support Open GL 2.2.Waste of US$ 34.99 for a worthless piece of junk
76561197979231723,Not Recommended,304730,11980003,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Trainman,"Well it looked good but very disapointed with the game i have tried my hardest to play this game and learn how do play but nothing seems to work. First off game looks good but as there isn't any tutorials or any objectives of what to do the game will get boring quite quick.I like trains games but this one well i don't know how to explain it well the game is still in beta stage for the price of £19 its not worth it.I have reset the map about 5 times due to going bankrupt. You start off with 300m by the time you buy your transport track buses that waste money strange though they are mean't to make money so train travels down the track using 15k every few mins in expenses then stops at a station to pick up passenges great 122k extra cash but then it takes another 15k of expenses,What ever you do in game it just eats your money then before you know it your bankrupt game over.Sadly i am very disapointed with the game i was hoping it would be good but unless they bring a patch out soon i wouldn't buy this game lots of fixes need to be down 1 tutorials as there isn't any 2 plenty of bugs need to be sorted 3 objectives 4 without any of them this game becomes very boring."
76561198042667087,Not Recommended,304730,12414848,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,lordphilip,"Unfortunately I am not able to give the game anything but a big fat ZERO as I purchased the game from Steam last Saturday (4th October) via t'internet but once downloaded it has resolutely failed to start. My other game, CiM, redownloaded on this computer the same day started straight away. Curiously, the server knows I have the game installed as it did an update for it AND it tells me that I have played for six minutes, that is, it knows I tried to start it six times already. I have followed some the advice given eg. clearing the appcache but that did not work. Some advice is theMicrosoft.NETmay need updating, but the updater will not install .NET updates.Any ideas? Back to Trucks and Trains Tycoon for me while I wait ;) ."
76561198004541209,Not Recommended,304730,19864708,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Sparks,Not Recommended.....
76561197995610253,Not Recommended,304730,18025229,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,simonmd,"This game can best be described as an old woolly jumper. Not because it's nice and comforting but because the more the devs try to repair something, the more another part of it unravels.It's over a year since launch now and the game STILL needs major work, getting a patch on average once every two months, I get the feeling that the developers are fighting a loosing battle. It is still VERY badly optimised and you will need a REALLY GOOD system to run it properly, I have an AMD FX6350 running at 3.9ghz with a decent 'card and 16gb of RAM and my system struggles once I have more than a couple of lines setup.However, when it works, this is a great game and anyone interested in transport, trains, modeling or even puzzles will enjoy it. It's strangely addictive and relaxing to play, even with it's faults and even though it's progress is painfully slow, there have been vast improvements since launch.EDIT: Well, the devs have just announced that after just over a year of release, they are abandoning the game to work on a 'new project' and the next patch/update will the the last.Shocking lack of commitment and proves all the people who said they couldn't do what they promised all along were right."
,Not Recommended,304730,14716764,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Pac-Man,"Absolutely Terrible! Avoid!There is NOTHING good about this game, the menus are crap, the game is crap. AVOID IT!Can I get a refund?"
76561197968766542,Not Recommended,304730,11975628,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,MightyRadical,Had enough of this unfinished mess. Buy at your OWN risk in it's current state!!All the rave reviews post release were probably investors.If you want to buy check the discussion section first so you know what to expect.It is not worth the full price in the current state.It is not a finished product I dont care what anyone says..Give me back my money and I will pay for it when you deliver!!!!!!A tutorial now pops up and has been hastily added due to the large amount of complaints.It shows you how to build a bus line and a train line.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------This game has alot of missing content and features. I keep getting fobbed off in the forums by fanboi's saying what missing features.. everything promised is included in the game. Well I consider not being able to build a train track over a road a groundbreaking feature. Not having crossover tracks really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. A new feature added prevents you from removing roads in pre built cities which can really screw you transport options up late game when upgrading roads. There are still alot of issues and faults.The biggest annoyance of all is they are making new DLC before addressing any of this bull****.
,Recommended,304730,11975944,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Mariah Wolves,I like trains.
76561198027285255,Not Recommended,304730,14402947,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,apfmtldk,트랜스포트 타이쿤의 3D버전이랄까BGM도 트타 편곡한게 보이는것 같은데 뭔가 좀 휑하다....아니 많이 휑하다자원은 트타의 20%도 안되는 수준이고타일형식의 트타와 다르게 이게임은 논타일인데 문제는 노선까는데 불편함이 많다전체적으로 완성도가 좀 떨어져보인다나중에 DLC로 추가 될듯한 뉘앙스를 좀 풍기긴 하는데 그렇다곤 해도 이건 좀 너무 휑하지 않나;
,Not Recommended,304730,22834086,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Oneki,"Microsoft Excel plays better than this. The only good thing about this ""thing"" is that someone honestly tried to bring back Transport Tycoon and just failed miserably.You can see that I have played it for measly 27 minutes and you might think that I didn't give it enough time. I gave it 26 more minutes than it deserved if you ask me. Interface is just horendous and makes everything difficult. Music is nowhere near the sweet MIDI jams from TT. Graphics are alright technically, but the world lacks life. Grabbed it on sale for $5 and still asking for refund.Hey, they are working on a sequel so... maybe there's still hope?"
76561198026533332,Not Recommended,304730,23636347,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,iana4693,"Frustrating interface, no game play , a complete waste of money."
76561198039729350,Not Recommended,304730,16318326,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,wattsj90,crashes on load up
,Not Recommended,304730,11980333,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Hotpie22,"I have a strong PC which excells the requirements for this game. My graphics card is the NVIDIA GTX 660, My CPU Is the AMD A6 Quad Core running at 3.2GHZ and I have 13gb of Ram and yet the game lags, it takes ten minuites to load and it crashed in between loading a game. Many people on the forum are having problems with this game so do not spend £19.99 on something which doesn't work, save your money until it gets fixed!"
76561198018679649,Not Recommended,304730,11983398,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Poppagee,"To start off I have an Ati 5770 graphics card on a 2.4 ghz hex core board with 8 gigs of ram. I started the game at 1920 by 1080 and it crashed within moments of startup. I lowered the graphics to 1024 by 768, turned off anti alias, yada yada and crashed  once during loadup of new map then 3 times more during tutorial. I still haven't finished the tutorial. I was hoping for a transport tycoon type of game and this could be it but unfortunatley after 5 crashes in the first hour of play I can't reccomend it yet."
76561198027761269,Not Recommended,304730,12579658,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,McDub,"I was hoping this game was going to satisfy my desire to replace Simcity 2013 and Railroad Tycoon II...yes, I said RRT2.  The graphics are mediocre, at best.  Sure, you can zoom in and see people walking around, but you can't do anything productive with a view like that.The train's AI is completely below standard.  For instance: Picking up oil with one train and dropping it off at a refinery makes ""goods"" which is the generic demand for towns.  If you use a different locomotive to pick up goods to drop off at a town, then they jam up at the refinery and sit there waiting for eachother to get out of the way.  Signals are useless as they only allow trains to travel in one direction, not wait for a train to move out of the way.Wood is the only way to make a decent amount of cash and that's only because ""wood"" and ""goods"" can utilize the same cars.  There isn't a way to change the consist of any other trains so you need 3 oil cars and 3 goods cars on the same locomotive and 1/2 the train is empty during it's route.In short, the mechanics are garbage compared to an OLD game like RRT2 or even Railroads! which was fun, but wasn't as indepth as RRT2.As far as the ""business"" part of the game, it's not even close to Simcity 2013.  The ""town"" doesn't develop if you pump ""goods"" to it.  A few buildings pop up, but then they stop after a short while.  I'm assuming it's because the goods aren't getting to the ""low value"" areas of the town but none of my ""cargo"" (non-rail) stations are productive as far as money goes.  Yes, they work, but they don't make money because the distance is too far.  In order to rectify this, you can lay rails, but then you're back to square-one with the ""not using the same train to transport goods of different types"" nonsense.I don't care about graphics when it comes to business simulations (to a point).  I want complexity yet it needs to be intuitive.  This game has neither.  If you can't change consists at a station, then it's impossible to use the same locomotive transport different types of commodities.  If you must have multiple trains on a single rail, then the programmers need to figure out how to make one train wait for another BEFORE they're 2 feet away from eachother.In real life, companies have yards and spurs....not enough room in this game to do this so ""reality"" is NOT an excuse for this.This is the first game that I would like a refund for."
,Not Recommended,304730,25399206,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,PlaneCrazy1,"Soooo tired of spending hard earned money on games that look real good, BUT, the game play is a whole other story, or should I say Nightmare!.This is one of those games. I can sum it up in one word...FRUSTRATING! The concept for a railroad ""simulator"" is ok, but I feel it lacks the ""meat"" of such a sim. There is no depth. The biggest frustration in my opinion, though, is the building aspect. I grow sick and tired of ""jumping through hoops"", and wrestling with the building interface in order to build a simple road and train network. This is the biggest part of the Train Fever...the building of a train network, but trying to do this in this game leaves me saying a string of words I don't care to repeat and replacing my mouse because, well its a Logitech, and because I threw it against the wall!It is another example of developers doing a half a$$ed job, in order to make a profit...very sad!I guess I will stick to OpenTTD!"
76561198007390481,Recommended,304730,11978549,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,kennethmallett,where is the manuel
76561198060551215,Not Recommended,304730,13073172,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,jeremy685,make sure your computer will run this before purchasing i thought mine would.  but it won't so i havent even been able to play yet.
76561198002729125,Not Recommended,304730,11990495,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ernieg687,I don't know what game you're all getting to play but so far since download it's crashed on me twice.  Not impressed at all.
76561198002530703,Not Recommended,304730,12623907,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Ghizguth,"Train Fever is a sandbox transport company management game with as many good ideas as flaws, making the experience rather jarring and not entirely recommendable, and certainly not at full price.The main flaws concern the mechanics and the ergonomics of the game. While people often say that such and such game don’t hold your hand, I never felt it truer than in Train Fever. Although prepared, even before purchase, I still had to look up quite a lot of information elsewhere, but this is fun to me, understanding the inner workings and mechanics at play. Sadly, even now it seems to me that some mechanics are still not understood, or at least not fully, making it rather difficult to reach an optimal play style.But the flaws become even more apparent on a higher difficulty level. While the game is perhaps too easy on lower settings, on hard mode the lower profit margins and the limitations of the construction tool require a near perfect play style. It is just plain unfair: cargo is profitable, but not passenger transport. You would think that a vehicle full of people would make a profit, no matter what, and I’m not talking just about trains here, where you could argue that you need more wagons to transport more people and thus improve the profit margins (which doesn’t work by the way: there is a limit to how much a locomotive can pull, and that’s even disregarding the artificial transportation time limit of twenty minutes the game forces upon you). It might have something to do with the travel distance, which gives a bonus to the income of each line, but since it is rather difficult to measure distances (only travel time), it’s hard to judge what line will or will not turn up a profit without testing first, which is not an option with the limited resources of a higher difficulty level. And even then, it doesn’t explain why cargo is always profitable, regardless of travel time or distance.Still, you need both cargo and passenger to improve your cities (and even about that I’m not sure since nothing is explained and there doesn’t seem to be a consensus on the forums about it. Some say its cargo, other passengers, others still argue it is both. I’ve heard it say that’s it’s actually the line usage percentage that is used in city growth but from my experience that wasn’t the case, with cities with lower index actually growing while interconnected ones didn’t budge at all, even over longer periods of time). It would thus seem that people and goods are a must to make a profit later on: as you progress in the game, the running costs of vehicles rise, which means that more passengers or goods are required to make a profit. It is thus my belief that you can screw yourself completely over in this game if you take too slow a start, and don’t develop the cities rapidly.It feels completely unbalanced, with the effect of the player feeling rather limited or the sensation that it comes down to luck. It’s hard to get involved when your impact on the game world feels so loose sometimes.What actually makes the whole ordeal truly worse is the interface. Replacing vehicle is horribly unintuitive and slow, with the game opening dozens of tabs at a time, grinding the game (already in need of performance optimisation) to a halt, regardless of the characteristics of your computer.The construction tool isn’t much better. The way double lanes work isn’t intuitive at all, but it is manageable. Problems arise when trying to get double tracks crossed by other double tracks and so forth, although the difficulty might come from the fidgetiness of the construction tools. It’s not completely broken, and that’s what makes it so aggravating to me. If it was completely broken, I would just stop playing, but since there is always a way to do what I wanted, with a lot of work and patience, I tried.On a final side note, it should be said that the music is fantastic, I did truly enjoy it. Weirdly enough, it somehow felt like it made perfect sense in this game.Still, the value of the game is to hold ones attention for long hours without pause. There is always something to do, always something to improve, to update, new routes to plan, etc. That, to me, is fun, and truly addicting. It’s one of those management games where time just flies by, something that I haven’t experience since my time with the Anno series. It’s just a shame it had to come with so many faults. I grew tired of having to put up with them and just stopped playing after that, feeling disappointed."
,Not Recommended,304730,22773761,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Prof. Blargenth,"Liker ailroad Tycoon 3 in how the main goal is to build a train transportation empire. But with the confusing logistics of Factorio. Adding a pair of trains to a single line will cause one to wait at the station while the other uses the line, defeating the purpose of having two trains. The traffic signals don't work in a clear and concise way. Trains don't generate their own cargo containers for transport, requiring you to use multiple trains to move multiple different types of cargo, creating the multi train line problem."
,Not Recommended,304730,12584506,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Idealmundo,"Not as good as I expected. I've played several versions of Railroad Tycoon, along with SimCity and other transportation and urban simulations, and while this one is pretty and has some enticing features, the overall game play is frustrating.Some positives: It is nice being able to manage transportation within cities and between them. The ability to use buses and trams and not just trains is fun. Detailed reports of how each line and vehicle is doing are nice. The visuals are good.Some negatives: Overall game play is just plain frustrating. In a game like this, the main experience is in setting up routes and connecting things. This game basically ruins this experience.It's not so bad when setting up bus lines, since you are using existing roads, but it totally fails when you start laying railroads. It is almost impossible to get a railroad to cross a road. This appears to be related to grade differences, because typically the tracks are running in a cut or embankment that is above or below the road grade. Why can't the AI just automatically regrade the road so that the two can cross, and add to the railroad cost accordingly. The last thing I want to do is have to fiddle with individually grading road crossings, especially since it is expensive and time consuming and may fail, since even after I'm done, I won't be able to know if the tracks can go there anyway.Industries are a major pain. You are supposed to build a depot next to the industry, and it may or may not begin to fill with some of the goods that otherwise magically travel down the road by other means. After building expensive depots at two industries that should feed into each other and the tracks to connect them, it typcially happens that you watch the goods totally ignore your nice transportation system and continue marching down the road without your assistance. Maybe there is a reason for this--some parameter that needs to be set, some limit on the placement of the depot. But if there is, it is a complete mystery, since there is no documentation that would help you figure it out.Speaking of documentation, this game really lacks it. There is a very basic tutorial at the start, but nothing for the more advanced things you typically would like to try.The game largely feels unfinished and untested, and not worth the rather high price that would be more appropriate for a game that totally works.I love transportation sims, and I laid down a fairly large chunk of cash to buy this. But I'm not playing it. Life is frustrating enough without having a game make it worse."
76561198007760729,Not Recommended,304730,15606342,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,shtinkypuppie,"19 minutes in, already gave up.- The interface is terrible. No zoom to cursor. Can't scroll on the screen edges that have menus. This includes all corners, so you can't scoll diagonally.- The cargo system is unrealistic. For example, you have to build truck depots near industries. One of the main advantages of trucks in real life is that they don't require depots or yards - trucks just go from industry dock to industry dock.- There is no good way to visualize the cargo economy. In railroad tycoon, you could switch to a cargo view, which would show you where a good was produced and demanded. In this game, you just have to hunt around until you happen upon two industries that will create a supply chain.- Optimization is abysmal or non-existent. This game is incredibly sluggish, and I have a fairly powerful rig.Looks like it's back to Railroad Tycoon 3 for me."
,Not Recommended,304730,12066052,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Thomas,"Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game at its current state. The performance on my Windows machine is terrible and it won't even start on my Linux computer due to the OpenGL 3.2 requirement."
,Not Recommended,304730,11979902,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Saul Slendamann,"Tran Fever, on release day, is a broken, unplayable mess.I've run into numerous gamebreaking bugs, the game crashes all the time and the graphics engine is *very* poorly optimized, turning the game into a stuttery mess even on the small maps. There's enjoyment to be had in the game, and the core mechanics are solid, but it's just not there yet. Calling Train Fever rough around the edges would be an understatement.This is the most unfinished ""finished"" game I've played on Steam in my 10 years of being a customer here. Thoroughly dissapointed. This game needs a ton of bugfixing before it's worth playing. I would advise to wait a few weeks before considering a purchase."
76561198025488913,Not Recommended,304730,13610945,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,brinch.c,This game is a big disappointment.
,Not Recommended,304730,11976827,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,{F-7} Archival,"If you like incredibly empty feeling worlds, the inability to have tracks go up even the smallest of hills and terrible performance youv'e come to the right place!The only thing this game has in common with TTD is that it involves transport and cities grow, thats about it.The trains seem to be fueled by money and the passengers get so sick of waiting years to get to their destination that they often kill themselfes before they get there."
76561197993804840,Not Recommended,304730,11978716,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,xtraordinar,"Waitinf for the 1st patch SOON. Like NOW, I mean... Released too soon IMO."
76561198031677351,Not Recommended,304730,20970603,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,kettlefish,"Will not run with I5, Intel Graphics, a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,304730,29149916,Posted: 9 January,all,gergefil,Too complex to have an enjoyable gameplay-
76561198136606211,Not Recommended,304730,11977969,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,pollybj,"I am seriously pistoff about this game, no help very very very unfriendly menus. No compaingns or objectives just achievement. Building is so difficult it is not true. Theres no aim in this games at all. If you are a fan of Transport Giant, Indutrial Giant, Train Tycoon etc this is not for you, it is a big dissapointment, dont chose this it is a big big big wast of time and money. I dont know how to get my money back. But I am Going demand it.    This game is a big big big no no.  I rate this game a big -10"
,Not Recommended,304730,29367562,Posted: 19 January,all,☆Field Marshall BigAllan☆,"ANYONE WHO IS GOING TO BUY THIS GAME, I WARN YOU, IT IS NOT GOOD! First, the game caused my coputer to be extremely laggy, second, the game doesnt have a introduction or explains how to buy or work stuff, you have to work it our yourself, and third, it just has no good texture. I mysef am a huge railway enthusiast but it just doesn't work it, I bought it on sale for 2.99, but i tell you, it DOESN NOT WORTH THE MONEY"
76561198080924651,Not Recommended,304730,11977783,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,kristoffon,"Played 30 minutes, managed to finish the tutorial but couldn't figure out much else. The last 15 minutes were spent trying to figure out how to delete a train, and how to make it go back to de depot apparently after I added a second train everything ground to a halt and I had no idea how to fix it. Tutorial is extremely short and leaves crucial stuff out.The UI is barely better than classic Transport Tycoon which is 20 yo by now: windows pop under or over others, stuff you need is spread confusingly between multiple tabs. Appears designed for 640x480 screens. Music sounds like elevator music. Can't zoom the map out all the way. Graphics look dated, RRT3 looked way better and it's a 10 year old game.All that stuff is forgivable but it looks like micromanagement hell and that breaks it for me. Was expecting it to be Railroad Tycoon 3 but better, it isn't, it's TTD with a prettier UI and I hated TTD because of all the micro. Probably won't launch the game again. Pretty sad tbh."
76561198005963274,Not Recommended,304730,13473522,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,logic7,"The UI is appalling, the game crashes when doing simple things like adding a line. The graphics are outdated and the developers have obviously never seen or played a similar game of this genre, like Cities in Motion and Cities in Motion 2.NOT RECOMMENDED"
,Not Recommended,304730,23019818,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Double Tap,Boring game.
,Not Recommended,304730,11984045,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,WesleySmalls,"I have tried it a bit further today, and after the advice given, it is a bit clearer now. I have an idea how to make money now and I can get my emperium off the ground.However, understanding the basic concept now shows that the game is rather dull and empty. After a few bus lines and a single train line(which makes some good money, by the way) I have found that it is mostly waiting to get enough dough to continue on. Outside of buying a few vehicles and laying out the lines, there is nothing to do in between.Oh, and removing a depot renders your vehicles to that depot useless, you can't send them back anymore or send them back to your depot because it can't find one, even though I already had build one on almost the exact same place, on the exact same road.The UI is vague, the mouse moves like crap for some reason and the FPS isn't too good either. The music is absolutely abysmal and made me want to quit this game before it's even started. Oh, and when you save manually you cannot overwrite your current one(apparently)I should have known, because every single one of these games end up the same, but the screenshots looked so great.While my view on it is better than it was earlier, I still do not think it is worth the 25euros/dollars/regional equivalent you pay for it. I really do hope the developers continue to develop it, because it really needs it.--Updated the review after some advice from McLOVIN"
76561198071320150,Not Recommended,304730,12856171,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Dilloncoll,i dont know what the game is like becuase as soon as it finishes loading it shuts down
76561197982259145,Not Recommended,304730,11989258,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,=M$= Oroberus,"Update 17.12.2014:After 4 month since release, performance has not been getting better, until today I spent roughly 10 hours of driver management, installs, uninstalls, configuration etc and nothing changed.This company has released a beta status (if not even alpha) as a gold status.Since then, some patches came out but none of the announced performance issues are fixed until today.First game I ever bought by Urban Games / Gamitous and last game I ever will.Same level of dishonest behavior as shown by some of the ""big players"" but at least they keep their♥♥♥♥♥♥working and concentrate on more subtile ways to mess with thir customers.Initial review:Well, at the moment, this game is way off near to call it release version.Lots of people are experiencing big performance issues and while for issues based on nVidia cards some workarounds already exists, AMD owners are mostly on their own. I tried to get it running in a playable way with the help of 3 forums by now but the only outcome is a frame skipping stutter orgy. This may not a problem if you only want to look on some nice landscape from a distance but as soon as it gets to building something, it's becoming a real pain.Graphics are nice and the features yet given are good (as far as I could see them) but based on the huge performance issue I won't recommend buying it yet.In 2 or 3 month the devs have given the code some serious work it may turn out to be a good game, until then:Buy if you like but don't expect anything else then some ""will it run?""-gamble - for some it will work without any issues, others won't even get it started. Also,- may run, may not run, how up to date your rig is does not influence this as it is the code of the game that makes it unstable- even if the graphic is shiny, the landscape looks a bit dead and empty- trainstation not upgradable- no real tutorial, only 2 texts regarding line creation, lots of things not mentioned (signals, passanger capacity, concept of how long passangers are willing to wait for a train etc)- no option to but 2 lane tracks (you have to put 2 1 lane tracks next to each other)+ shiny graphicsAll in all, unstable alpha build with serious performance issues - but the graphic is shiny!Going to play some RTD2 now ..."
,Not Recommended,304730,34763062,Posted: 5 September,all,Rengora,Unfinished game.. don't buy not event for a dollar..
76561198034538492,Not Recommended,304730,12726834,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,info,"Sadly this game is let down by a clunky user experience without refinement.Please can you make it easier to replace a 16 year old wagon ( or other item) on the same line.  Why can this not be done with a single click from the old wagons information page?  Instead you have to remember which wagon is old and on what line.. scrap it then buy a new one.... the put it back onto the original line..... not really user friendly.Saving a game is equally as bad....  it does not show up game history or previous files ....  Whilst on this subject the auto save pauses the game.... a real irritation when already frustratedCome on  - I know the game starts in the 1800's but the user interface should not be that antiquated.  Get some user testing and feedback done please and streamline the whole experience.This should be a great game, alongside any of the major Sims.... but it needs a lot of tweaking and streamlining before I play it again, Sorry."
76561198042136911,Not Recommended,304730,11980870,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Lordweegee,"So just let me say why i have littile to no time on this game. The biggest reason i am writing this is because (takes deep beath) IT WON""T EVEN LET ME PLAY THE GAME. Each time i go to try and start the game the loading sceen comes on with no problems and after that      NOTHIMG just a bit of black and i am back on steam. No Error message, No warning Nothing, Just gone. Now this review will be changed if the game is fixed for everyone but for now while i can't get to play it will stay. If you what to play this game then come back in a few weeks when or if when the devs fix this. And for the love of god a hope they do fix it"
76561198019318678,Not Recommended,304730,22753653,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,MrDictionary,"I requested a refund.  The game should still be early access in my opinion, its barely finished and is quite unsatisfactory to play.It's a pity, the basics are there but the game has no depth."
76561197965702389,Not Recommended,304730,12601100,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Forplay,Graphic skip and mouse also does.. The game is sluggish
,Not Recommended,304730,12628459,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,wolfroma,"I don't like the game by following reasons:1. A lot of windows. I feel like I'm using a spread♥♥♥♥♥♥to manipulate the game.2. Some of windows aren't such important however they are open on some frequent action like buy a cart or train , etc3. Windows look slatternly. It would be OK if windows look pretty hovewer their look and feel is repelent.4. Wide view (zoom out) work very slow on my Mac. Changing video setting didn't help.I feel like the game doesn't worth it's money."
76561198129054346,Not Recommended,304730,13728724,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,T_bush5,This game sucks i wasted my money i wish i could get it back
76561198082864692,Not Recommended,304730,12627026,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,patrickb1991,I just bought this game and it does not work it will go to menu and once u hit start game it loads and then u will get a black screen and then it cuts off.
76561198117262538,Not Recommended,304730,25708783,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Messerschmitt Bf 109,No because when i started this game . it was working. then when i made a new world. no build list
,Not Recommended,304730,29073649,Posted: 6 January,all,Desten,Not good.
76561198082846670,Not Recommended,304730,26188445,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,brettnmn,Won't play
76561197970900295,Not Recommended,304730,14252724,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ben55,"This is the worst game I have ever seen.  The performance (even on the lowest possible setting) is so poor that it is impossible to move around.  The construction mechanics are painful, confusing, and frustrating to say the least.  Under no circumstance should you buy this game, it is worthless."
,Not Recommended,304730,16659390,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,harris.jay11,"Holy sh*t this game sucks.  I had to double-check to make sure this wasn't an EA or Ubisoft title, because it's BAD.  I MEAN...BAD!!!!!!  The track drawing tool, the way you create train, bus, and tram lines are all utterly broken and non-sensical it defies descriptioni.  I imagine this is what you would get if you let a drunk, blind Chimpanzee with Down's Syndrome design a transportation SIM."
,Not Recommended,304730,22773207,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Lorin Cristian,booo booo boooo dont work
76561198075254208,Not Recommended,304730,11987386,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,hypernut,"Two words, Total Disappointment!"
,Not Recommended,304730,12824771,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Tiffany,"Crashes, Crashes, Crashes. I've spent more time working around my game crashing that i haven't even gotten to play. They've said they've released stability patches , but i'm sure not seeing them. waste of my money so far."
76561198012244190,Not Recommended,304730,12936776,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Petel900,"I have really, really tried to like this game but it is so annoying. No manual so just other players input. There are so many things you can't do, like put crossover tracks on a bridge, signals on a bridge, can't supply industry from more than one resource.....the list is endless. And you only discover this by trial and error and bulldozing or repeated reloading.IMHO procedures and routines have been botched to make things try and work. When building a railway and you have everything ready to go, click set line.....and the train has ""no path"" even though the coloured ""path"" is lit. The problem is that you have the game paused. This is such lazy programming that is unexcusable. A simple ""Paused"" would be more appropriate, but you end up checking the line for faults for 15-20mins anyway.Depending how many vehicles you have on a line will determine your frequency. You may have a frequency of 3mins, but according to the timeline, they take 5 months to get there!  Also, two trains on the same track with the same number of passengers and yet they get different income!With one train carrying upto 64 passengers why do so many disappear? Poor programming again!The game is only half finished judging by all the updates that are being implemented and due.My i5 4570 is o/c to 4.2Ghz and my HD 7850 is o/c 20% and on a large map with large cities and everything turned low, I get 8fps. Lots of artifacts as well.Would I recommend you buy this game? Yes, but in a year's time when it works properly (and should be cheaper).Unfortunately Steam will only let me post this review with a Yes/No choice instead of Yes/No/Not yet, so I'll say No for now."
,Not Recommended,304730,11985464,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,sheldonng,"don't waste the money , very bad ui, Train management is very bad"
76561198047087012,Not Recommended,304730,13002146,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,justmile,"buy this game during sale, just to be dissappointed. game keep on crashing on my laptop minutes into the game. its not gaming laptop by any means, but even at lowest settings it still not working (it can play civ v). just be careful before buying this game."
76561197962453131,Not Recommended,304730,12884207,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Badajoz,"Whilst this could have been a good game, the train track building is so frustrating that it just makes me dislike playing the game. Shame."
76561198106161875,Not Recommended,304730,13005773,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,jack.wilkinson13,so far i have been unable to get anywhere past a load screen before it crashes.iv tried contacting the developers/steam support and have yet had any help for a refund/fix.i wouldnt recommend this game at all.
76561198004464908,Not Recommended,304730,11979738,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,LordOvelix,The game could have been good but at its current state i cannot recommend it. The track building is awful and ruined my experience. The simplest routes are almost impossible to get right and most often you end up bulldozing and trying again many times until youre out of money. The game seems pretty good otherwise but when a essential thing like track design is so flawed and difficult to use the game becomes a chore. Not recommended in its current state.
76561198009142011,Not Recommended,304730,13352551,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mr.Gupta,"I have wasted 24.99 €The trees, objects don't have texture just white models. Intel HD graph issue"
76561198008807925,Not Recommended,304730,12642898,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,jfs1517,it wont load at all down load complete nothing else just crashes
76561198077520514,Not Recommended,304730,14702131,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,oroy.qc,Much better games than this one available. Buy them instead.
76561198043168641,Not Recommended,304730,26120190,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Uncle Sam,"There isn't any manual or something like that. That is the biggest pile of  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I've ever seen. My cars don't carry loot, lines don't work and the game freezes EVERYTIME!!!!! And you know what? There isn't any information in THE INTERNET!!!! NOOOOOTHINGG!!!!!"
76561198035500913,Not Recommended,304730,12967070,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,etzi,Absolute crap. Dont waste your money.
76561198196825261,Not Recommended,304730,31838252,Posted: 19 May,all,happy6541,110% say NO to this game...
,Not Recommended,304730,12932574,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,CHUCK1967,WORST GAME I EVER SPENT $30 ON. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY BUYING THIS GAME. CAN I GET A REFUND? THE ABSOLUTE WORST!
76561198116202957,Not Recommended,304730,29275062,Posted: 15 January,all,BoofMan,"Payed $30, refund came out 3 weeks later. I hope the developers suffer."
,Not Recommended,304730,16482627,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,twitch.tv/4bbb,Worst Game Ever
76561198282304150,Not Recommended,304730,25613617,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,mdyer.nz,Doesn't even work on my Macbook - very demanding in terms of graphics.
76561198045067300,Not Recommended,304730,14684869,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Yakob E Schamwow,Completely mind-boggling. Only recommended for those who like trains.
,Not Recommended,304730,26124781,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,LueZZ.MoV,it sucks
,Not Recommended,304730,12120527,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Bogor Represent!,"Oh my...This is what happens when you offer wannabe-developers an unchecked realm to dump their trash upon the public. I don't even understand how Total Biscuit was able to take more than 10 minutes of it. (In fact he even excused the lacking options-screen, so he probably has a stake in this title, I guess.)Basicaly what we have here is a transport-tycoon offering that misses the mark on everything it touches.-Management is obtuse, confusing and totally left to the player to figure out.-It's called trainfever, but trains will bankrupt you.-Randomly generated map that actually blocks you from doing what you want.-Incredibly slow. So damn slow... So slooow... (Kill me now.)-Trucks and buses are where it's at. Ignore trams and trains or go bankrupt.-Most poorly optimized game of this decade. It must be a new standard for developers, I think.-Simulation depth is threadbare, uninteresting and not at all offering an incentive to play.-Industry can be ignored.-Trams and train can be ignored.-Developing cities can be ignored.-Upgrading roads can be ignored.-Modernizing your fleet is agonizing punishment.-Music is worse than elevator muzak.I wish this developer saved himself and us the trouble. I think that this developer hates gamers and especially those gamers that like transport-tycoon style games. I have no other handle on Train Fever to explain it's sorry existence. There can be no other explanation. This developer actively hates you and tries to have you commit suicide while you slowly come to realise, as you play Train Fever, that you're a pathetic slug who shouldn't be alive.Prove him wrong! Don't buy this contender for Ultimate Trash Cash Grab 2014."
76561198004146674,Not Recommended,304730,11978658,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Betelgeuse,if you own cities in motion you can skip this
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,304730,18602974,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,AiDec,.
76561198130332298,Not Recommended,304730,14604026,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,marcob1975,"The game doesn't start. I'm getting an error message about updating my graphic card driver, but it is up to date. I would not recommend this game!!!"
76561198118486106,Not Recommended,304730,14612832,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,aandaco,WHAT A RIPOFF. It was advertised as if it was a train simulator and not something you have to build.  I wish I had my money back.
76561198035467596,Recommended,304730,30424414,Posted: 10 March,all,Bliksem,Awesome Tycoon game
76561198143037139,Not Recommended,304730,30467481,Posted: 12 March,all,rbeachbd,ITs a good game but when you havr to much on the screen iy will crash yhe game can not handle several trains running at once no matter how fast yuor computer is.Iliked it for a time but when I could not get a fraiight train going I gave up even when I had a lot of money.I woild not recomed this game TS 2017 is better and more fun.
76561198019440106,Recommended,304730,21430304,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,coastertroy,"Very steep learning curve. Watch a few videos on YouTube if you get frustrated. Fun game though, especially if you get it on sale. Not worth $20, but anything under that it's a good buy.Some things I've learned: You don't need to add a bus line or tram line to a city before you connect passenger rail.Passenger rail is the most lucrative thing you can do (That I've found) - start early with one good line on flat land and you'll do well.Be very catutious before investing a lot of money in cargo lines, so far they've been money pits in 9/10 situations. Even when the cargo is really flowing I haven't had a lot of luck generating a lot of profit from it.Signals are unecessairly complicated but once you get it it makes sense.Have fun!"
76561198052703684,Recommended,304730,21452553,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,moonlover,"Great game! The train lines are a challenge and even after I think I've got them down pat, they sometimes still do things I'm not so sure are right, or at least, don't make sense to me. But that's part of what makes this game one you can play for a really long time. Even after you acheive certain goals and make millions, you can still work the game with several different objectives. I thought I might get tired of it after reaching the year 2000 but I have gone back and started new maps and tried to succeed different ways. It's been tough and I like that!The graphics are enjoyable and that's something I'm kind of picky about in games. The best thing about this game that I like is that you're not just building train lines, you're creating the towns with transport lines as well. I haven't even gotten into some of the mods yet, which I'm looking forward to. I'm still satisfied playing the base game for now, more like savoring it. But I think I saw a mod with plopable buildings which really excites me!"
76561197997070961,Recommended,304730,21611010,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Blissful,"Fun little game, I rank it with rrt3, just not quite as good. The gameplay is nice and challenging. Really hard to start, very gratifying to learn new things. Love it!"
76561198138622847,Not Recommended,304730,18931574,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,serges,"Can give you a few minutes of thinking and good gameplay, but after discovery, that you can borrow any amount of money (Or let's say enough money to make game boring)  I wonder why they didn't make game immediately as a sandbox"
76561198082576520,Not Recommended,304730,18392014,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,hateskrubs,this games bus system is just broken they always get full then i buy more then the ai glitches out and freeze up and dont work so im never able to make money nobody ever goes to the train station and i go bankrupt.
76561198045751229,Not Recommended,304730,14769958,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,nathamxu,"good game, rubbish ui such a sheam"
76561198118348938,Not Recommended,304730,30476560,Posted: 12 March,all,clinton,I wanted to vote positively but I just can't.FAR TOO MUCH micro-management. (you will break your mouse clicking!)Streets are ok but railway lines have bugs.
76561198000652503,Recommended,304730,19174372,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,BRSBSRN,Nice tycoon game just try it and try to have fun :)
,Recommended,304730,19123896,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,The_Skyo,"It has some annoyances, but overall it's worth it! If you like trains, building trains, and managing routes - go for it!"
76561198007199608,Recommended,304730,25170931,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,budamon,"Pros:  Great transportation network game.  The scale of the models and terrain are pleasantly realistic.  Easy to learn and play.  Camera controls intuitive and easy to use.  Depth and replayability make this a long-term enjoyable experience.Cons:  The economic model is straightforward and a little boring.  I'm nostalgic for Rail Road Tycoon 3 which this game comes close to in a lot of ways, but doesn't match the economic complexities found in RRT3.  There are only a few commodities to transport with no high-tier goods to move around to meet certain demands. Rail laying can get a little tedious when you want to cross roads--the angle has to be just right with sometimes annoying ""why won't this work!"" moments.Overall this has been a great experience.  I hope to see further content come out in the future."
76561198070967427,Recommended,304730,25050259,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,regalbeagle45,"I started on Easy Mode, on a small map, and worked my way up to a large map, and now I'm doing the Medium Mode on a Medium map...and making money hand over fist. It seems a lot easier than Transport Tycoon, or the Open Source TT version which I constantly failed at. I'm yet to attempt Hard Mode..but my advice is simple...before you get busy building Tram and Bus and passenger train routes, go for Cargo routes...if you do it right, the money just rolls in. It's an enjoyable game, with lots of challenges, particularly if you choose the hillier terrain modes. It would be good if we could have waterways too, so we could set up ferries and cargo ship routes. So yes, it's simple in concept, compared to more complicated sims, but it's still a lot of fun."
,Recommended,304730,26400243,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,philipsdirk,"It's an awesome game, but it drives me craizy because the trains won't drive on therightside atoumaticly!!"
76561198057085103,Recommended,304730,26439554,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,grunkibis,"i didnt have the patience to earn my way to really mastering this game, instead i grabbed a couple of mods that make my education ramp up so much easier.   the No Cost mod make the nuances of this game more understandable, so go out and get the mods for this.  i know the new version of transport fever is coming out, discounting this version like 75% off. i am very happy with the 30-60 hours i will put into it and consider me as to having gotten my money worth and will chase the next version.it can be an Ant Farm experience just sitting and waiting for more money without those mods imho.  note mods kill achievements which means you cant get the three Eon save points (1859, 1900, 1950) as boot date options.  so the mods will affect things but open a lot more...  also the uSA DLC i had to kind put a little work into for it to show, so watch that...  if this game is $5, get it, get a couple of mods, and enjoy 20+ hours before you kinda figure the whole thing out and before Ant Farm stage."
,Recommended,304730,26359477,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Hatty,"As a train enthusiast since i was a baby, and a tycoon gamer, this is a MUST PLAY game, a great, fun, and oddly satisfying way to kill time, especially after a stressful day at work or school. During those boring days of sitting in class doing nothing, i just have those thoughts in my head saying ""all i wanna do is go home, fire up my computer and play Train Fever."" It's kinda like a stress reliever in my opinion, as if you're playing with a model trainset in a digital format.The game itself is kinda like a highly advanced style of Chris Swayer's Locomotion, only instead of 6 different types of ways to transport people/goods, it's heavily train-focused, so it definitely lives up to it's name ""Train Fever"" Anyway, I highly reccomend this game and i'm definitely looking forward to Transport Fever."
,Recommended,304730,26119569,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Nemo,"This game is a really good, well made game and i would recommend it to people who like tycoon games."
,Recommended,304730,26511647,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Return Of Woody,"good game needs a little better help side, little options and if you train or city is stuck theres not really an option to tell you whyalso needs a botton to remove track that being used buy 2 trains as found my early days as trains would get to stations and magically switch and go the LONG way back (resulting in 2 trains meeing head on) for them to arrive and then switch back again.good game and my cup of tea :)"
,Recommended,304730,14963506,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,elnino22222,Vypada to dobre ale zatial oproti openttd (transport tycoon) nuda
,Not Recommended,304730,20398518,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Deadstuff97,decent game definetly worth the 20 euro but's not anywhere near as good as Railroad tycoon 3games is a big laggy so even on my i7 3770k and AMD R9 290. so check specs!!!.stil fun I played this game 15 hours then bought it :D.Updatebut since dev. say that the game is finnished it gets a Negative review.This game is not finnished it's lacking a lot of features and it is stil poorly optimized
,Recommended,304730,19708771,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Lachie1770,"This Game is good when you got a good Computer, Preferably a desktop...Anyway, Thats out of the way, I would recommend this game if you like the look of Transport Fever and want to play something in the meantime, I Have Only ever used the USA Dlc And can safely say its great. The Only Real Problem is the Trains don't have the original names. For Example Santa Fe is New Mexico. I Hope they change that tho in Transport Fever. Some Say the UI is boring well it kinda is but the general world detail makes up for that."
76561198122632662,Recommended,304730,22238992,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Rostan,"The game has some issues (like track laying difficulties, level crossing issues), but is overall one of the better and most beautiful transport simulators around. The fully simulated citizens, gorgeous trains and amazing transport systems you can build are all worth buying it.Also, this is one of the few transport tycoon style games in which you have to build geometrically realistic rail lines and roads. No insane slopes or tight curvs here. Realism means that it takes skill to build the shortest, straightest route between two points."
76561198221687092,Not Recommended,304730,17462177,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Winterspark,Just a ♥♥♥♥ing demonic control interface.
,Recommended,304730,26180888,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Wing_Nut,Had this game a long time and i can say its great way to waste 5 - 10 mins at a time.would i recomend it? Yes i would. once you figure it all out then it works well. it doesnt hold your hand like many RTS out there which i like.if you dont like a challenge and you dont like trains then dont bother.
76561197993643067,Recommended,304730,26117642,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,WaginaChronicler69,Very fun if you enjoy logistics with trains.
76561198213094359,Recommended,304730,25108693,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,josvstip,its a good game you can play with mods
76561198339406746,Recommended,304730,26219603,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,AwtisticBroheem,"The game doesn't give much instruction so its best to look up how to do something if you're having trouble. I despised this game at first, but after playing it for a few days and reading up on how to play I've come to love this game. It's a great management game for those people like me who like games like that. I play it as much as my other other games such as American Truck Simulator, Cities: Skylines, and Napoleon: Total War and it's still just as fun. I did get it in a sale for $6 though so I can't speak for those who paid the full regular price."
76561198257300549,Recommended,304730,26240823,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,silent dragon,"when i first booted the game it was oksecond i start the level....all i saw was missing textures, f'd up things going on a disapearing towns.idk what happened but it's very strange.but over all it's a fun game but not for the faint of hearted."
,Recommended,304730,26251401,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Wahnsinnig,Thah moment when tram goes tramline whithout electrification at one of product's screen :DP.S.In settings can set on/off the rule that tram demand wireLove the game anyway =)
,Recommended,304730,26473884,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Bandyman,"I bought train fever a while ago when it first came out, played for about an hour and had touched it since. Recently however seeing transport fever coming out has made me think of this game again, this time however playing its been great fun!Some various issues about the game bug me but its good fun now compared to when I first played it and would recommend it to any TTD fan or go for Transport Fever which releases tommorow at the time of this post."
76561198002666740,Recommended,304730,26465835,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Timmie,"I don't know why this game has so many bad reviews. I never played this untill last week, but in the state the game is in right now, it's pretty good. It's a worthy sucessor of  Transport Tycoon and definitely better than Locomotion or Cities in Motion.Above all that, this game runs pretty good on a low-end laptop.8,5 out of 10"
,Recommended,304730,26753665,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,flurdy,"Quite addictive. Some stumbling blocks at the start to figure out how the mechanics works, but once sorted it is enjoyable. For example took me awhile before I realised you have to specify the cargo on the trucks for them to pick it up, and cargo lines have to be quicker than 15 minutes to be used.Should perhaps be called Truck Fever as I make money mostly on buses and trucks, whilst slowly experienting with the often loss making trains.Not perfect, some UI is clunky but I enjoyed it. Looking forward to Transport Fever.Ps could so with some NPC characters in the USA DLC at the start. E.g. NPC horses  with riders and some wagons for more realistic view.  And some views as passenger/driver would be nice, but probably difficult and a lot of assets to create."
,Recommended,304730,23712660,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Glockshna,"Despite it's issues (And it has many) I believe this game is definitely worth a pick up on sale. With mods it can more than stand up to the hours per dollar proposition if you are a fan of transport tycoon games. For a first attempt the developers did well. The most disappointing fact for me is that instead of continuing to fix the existing issues with this title, they are releasing a sequel."
,Recommended,304730,22705840,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,nottherealslash,"Simple, intuitive game with powerful results.  Could quite happily spend hours on it.  Plenty of things could be improved, but I'm confident the next game will be even better, and would definitely recommend this one"
76561198235737240,Recommended,304730,22408832,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,heidifurgason,THE GAME IS PRETTY FUN NEEDS TO GET FIXES TO VERY LAG FIXES
,Recommended,304730,20254327,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,lionheart01,I really like to play it. I forget the time and there is always something to do. Smal and big scope challenges.Thanks to Urban Games in Schaffhausen (CH) for this game. I'm waiting for the next crowdfunding project from you to bake.Cheers RL
76561198098071056,Recommended,304730,20237406,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Zyd,"This is a fun game, with pros and cons. Adequate management in various forms of transport, from over the road to railroad. Trains do some pretty stupid things once in a while, like sit face-to-face at a signal for no apparent reason. There is no warning for when trains have stopped, or are becoming excessively late for their routes. The game has no intermittent signals like in real life. This allows trains to follow closer than switches as long as they are Goin the same direction. Need excessive amounts of double iron to handle some train traffic in the case to track overload. A few updates, and addition of a few features that are used on railroads in real life would make game a lot more enjoyable. Still very fun, definitely recommend."
76561198014013805,Recommended,304730,20885967,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,VisceralDamage,"Great game, still playing it awhile later and enjoying it a lot!They are making constant improvements everytime I see it.- Would like them to have more options in the Controls menu as it is very limited."
,Recommended,304730,20882622,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,zakalawe,Learning curve is rather steep but the simulation is excellent.
76561198010635297,Not Recommended,304730,11978426,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,charlie fuller,"Change of review after having the game a year.......""I've played this for a few hours now, and after getting the hang of the game this looks to be a great game, in the future im hoping for a uk trains/vehicles DLC so far enjoying this very much, have read about performance issues but so far arent having any....""This was my original review, one year down the line? dont buy it, the promised longevity of the game from the developers was a lie and they are ending further development to work on another title,only one DLC ever came out the game still lacks many features that other management sims had and i have now placed this game to may play once in the future pile"
76561197989124273,Recommended,304730,21507730,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,True Monolith,"Could use a more diverse system of freight transport, maybe including other transport forms like ships/river boats etc.Still good though."
76561198050655247,Recommended,304730,21645331,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Narciso,"Funny little game, if you can get it on sale is well worth it, the game isn't that bad"
,Recommended,304730,21604812,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Sir Nofish,Its a nice game if you smooth out his ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ness i mean with that is your train lines change by it self for no reason at all for example line 12 drives shuddendly on line 11 and saying no path or waiting for a free path well waiting for one you can wait untill you die and rot away and that train isn't gonna drivebut modding and game play is good
76561198007155672,Recommended,304730,21579111,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,daventure2005,"I love this game, and I enjoyed hours and hours of track laying and riding on trains running through tracks. The scenics are beautiful. I love the automatic cut & fill & tunnels & bridge.  This is the best railroad track game I've played since Rail Road Tycoon 3."
76561198034644211,Recommended,304730,20403430,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ghost_96,"These game is very realistic with great gameplay, graphics and also good sounds of trains. There are some bugs, but they are very rare.You need some time to learn how things in game works, but when you do it is realy amazing to play.I definitely recommend to buy this game to everyone, specialy for train fans and logistics or transport game lovers.I give this game 9/10 and would buy it again."
,Recommended,304730,20429832,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Crazy,Nice :D !!! Love this game :D !!
76561197984682798,Recommended,304730,20172934,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Asji,Seeing thouse mixed reviewes made me a bit uncertain about buying this game. Eventualy i did and im absolutely very pleased by it. Great graphics.Definetly recommend this game.
,Recommended,304730,21136595,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Flipje,"Great transport simulator. It has a great variety of trains, trams and busses. The industrial transport is kinda weird sometimes, but the passenger transport is decent and fun. The modding communitry is great with lots of extra assets and trains to download. There is no workshop, you can download these mods from a website, but this website is decent. The game is still getting content updates to this day."
,Recommended,304730,21446291,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Flavius Etius,"I really appreciate the love for detail in this game, so nice graphics!With the latest (most likely also final patch) they also smoothed the rough edgesSad that they won't continue on this one - but let's see what is next, definitly looking forward!"
,Recommended,304730,21570889,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Gently Benevolent,"Difficult, but worth it, espeically when you have  afull network booming! :)"
76561198019970377,Recommended,304730,21537189,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Cyan Hokagai,For a game of this genre it innovates with the inclusion of individual simulation per citizenI also like the fact it is like rail roads with the inclusion of busseslooking forward to there next release
,Recommended,304730,21544700,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,not Heisenberg,"if you learn how to play, its real fun!"
76561198196144558,Recommended,304730,21038960,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DOCTER ATMOSPHERE,its cool
76561198051922709,Not Recommended,304730,21120739,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,arokys.jerdno,... this is not transport tycoon ... 5/10+ nice- no oponents- bad build koncept
,Recommended,304730,21123846,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Brahma Kumbara,"if you a railfan, you would like it."
76561198065424998,Recommended,304730,21887377,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,WERNERvsNEO,"If you want a virtual model-railway which you can build and feels alive, then this is a good buy.Its not about driving trains but see them ride.You need to practice some with track laying, but once you have the hang of it you can build nice layouts.And then there is the nice mod community (actualy 2, a German and a Russian one) with tons of mods for vehicles, objects (which are free placeable since the last update) and game changing mods."
76561197999675599,Recommended,304730,21727126,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Skybaxx,"Initially, I disliked the game due to the timescale - it makes little sense for each day to pass in two seconds.Despite that, it is still fun to play, and you can make things work with careful management."
76561198072051408,Recommended,304730,21961013,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Awayuki,pretty boring at late stage. freight need diversified.
76561198120566854,Recommended,304730,21808311,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,william,this is a great game to make a city from 1800s and onwards
76561197999846991,Recommended,304730,28795207,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ambigous Barrel,"Really good fun if your into this sort of game! I am really enjoying it I have to say, I think I came across one bug but it wasn't a game breaking bug, just one regarding a train that I replaced when it got old but the number was still red saying it was old afterwards but it didn't seem to affect the gameplay! I think the music is good, maybe a little too fast paced at times for this genre but it is good music mind! And the gameplay is fun, it reminds me of TTD but with newer graphics (I suppose it would since it's a younger game but still!) and so far I haven't had any crashes or anything. Not many games like this coming out these days so when I seen this on sale I grabbed it instantly and am now glad I did a real joy to play!"
76561198011507843,Recommended,304730,29753474,Posted: 6 February,all,james.bonham,"Tricky at first, but a lot of fun after you get the hang of it. After 15 hours of play, I only saw a couple of minor bugs that save/reload corrected. Is definately challenging, I have it set for the easiest level, and still found turning a steady profit takes planning, and effective management of time and resources. Intricate game. Recommended for the sheer fun of it. Excellent graphics."
76561198035637199,Recommended,304730,13029168,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,tornadopunk,it's cool but lacking some things
76561197970317302,Recommended,304730,16077745,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Prattler,"Train Fever is almost a good game, I have enjoyed playing this but once you have been playing a while you start to get slow downs.  In addition to this your roads get clogged and next thing you know your bendy trams get stuck and you get massive tailbacks your city's come to a stand still.I am undecided weather or not I should click yes or no for this game.  I have enjoyed it and have sunk a fair few hours into it but I have not played it for months due to its flaws."
,Recommended,304730,30875347,Posted: 1 April,all,BoundAndTied,"I got train fever,It's burning in my brain,I got train fever,It's driving me insane,We've got train fever,We're flipping our bandanas,Been stuck on rails so long that we have simply gone bananas,We've got train fever, we've lost what sense we had,We've got train fever we're all going mad!My sanity is hanging by a thread,Since we're going nowhere, I've thought out of my head.We were driving, riding,Over the bounty way,...and now we're not.Grab yer partners by the ears,Lash 'em to the wheel.Dosey doe, step on his toe,Listen to him squeal!Allemande left, allemande right,It's time to ride or die.Swing yer partner over the sideAnd drop 'im in the drink!We've got train fever,No ifs, ands or buts,We're disoriented,And demented,And a little nuts!Ach du liebe,Volkswagen car,(yodel ae ee hee)Sauerbraten, Wienerschnitzel,(yodel eh eh hoo)Und wunderbar.We were driving, riding,The wind was on our side,...but then it died.I've got train fever,I think I lost my grip,I'd like to get my hands on,Whoever wrote this script!(Sí!)I was riding on a steam engine,And dreaming of a scenic route,Now I'm as crazy as a loon.Train fever has ravaged all aboard,This once fine train has become a coasting psycho ward.We were driving, riding,Heading who knows where!And now though we're all here,We're not all there!Train fever, aah.(Original: Cabin Fever - Muppets. Edits: BoundAndTied)"
,Recommended,304730,30263253,Posted: 1 March,all,legoplayer28|trade.tf,"First of all, I got this game in a sale.Anyway I would completely reccomend this game, even over transport fever. This is because transport fever only adds a campaign and some other minor things, however it costs £8 or so more and if you can get this on sale, it is definetely worth it!"
76561198060593979,Recommended,304730,26112807,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,miranda9,"Graphics are tops and as eye candy it succeeds.City grow and building change from year to year.The rivers are well done and look wet.Cars and people change appearance as game years pass.As a railroad simulator is is limited to track planning with several unanticipated reasons why you cant build where you want.   Cities grow and may block future track plans. Industries are a challenge to predict future product levels.  Freight trains are  harder to manage and require a good guess as to the level of future traffic revenue .  Making route adjustments late in the game can result in rapid decline in revenue.  Game control is made awkward  by the use of  multiple windows for tasks that block scenery and rapidly fill the screen with text. Single window information and control would be an asset to game enjoyment.    Changing the consist of a line will  void all  built up development of traffic on that line,  so plan for this when adding stations or reemoving stations.  Growing a railroad is best done by adding a new line rather than extending existing lines.This program was run on a gaming computer (Aspire V 17 Nitro. Ttrying to resume the game after a save and exit often  displays a  greyed out selections on start up screen which prevents further play. Small and medium screens are least likely to cause lag and crash problem on this Aapire laptop.|In spite of game mechanics and lag problems experienced, there is sufficient enjoyment to overcome frustrations and give this game a yes."
,Recommended,304730,35079163,Posted: 20 September,all,GLaDOS,"Although the game has some issues (and was abandoned after the release of Transport Fever), I have some great fun with this game."
76561198083517758,Not Recommended,304730,35485104,Posted: 4 October,all,LeadKronos,"I bought this game as a fan of Chris Sawyer's Locomotion (literally the same thing) and figured this was a polished  spiritual successor of the game, so I was  hyped when I bought it. I was expecting everything I had gotten from Locomotion. It was like drinking Coke Zero for the first time: expecting the same great thing but with added benefits, but instead got a huge letdown. The game runs like in playing on an Asian TF2 server in the middle of nowhere. The game also lacks a dedicated tutorial session, which is something that definitely should be in a game like this and yet it instead relys on outside sources for help. So im spending the first two hours trying to figure out how things work and by then, you cant really get a refund after the two hour mark. The buses and trucks are ok, but God forbid you get into building a rail network. The construction mechanics, will always give you a ridiculously hard time while jacking up prices like how certain tech companies charge you an arm and a leg for phones. It costs 3 million to build a train tunnel through a mountain and then you end up in the red for atleast 5 years. The line mechanic seems unecessary especially when the train has only two stops. Then the train would rack up about 50k in running costs before making its first profit every two months. So far in my first 10 hours if this game Im like: 'HTF am I gonna make money?!' After three playthrough attempts, im still  struggling. There is alot this game could improve on, hopefully, the dev will take note and either make a similar game with better mechanics or update this game to simplify the resource catchment and make it like Locomotion's. So far, it's worth the $3. Anymore and I would have rose h3ll."
