user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198007695865,Recommended,304950,18086406,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ValkyrieMoon,"This game is fun, the game still plays when you are away so everyday I find myself checking to see what has happend to the Island. The Island has great NPCs that you get to know, lots of quests, lots to find and do, unlockable parts of the Island, leveling up, and alot more. I am used to fighting games but this is a nice change, its a very well done game."
,Recommended,304950,15828639,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,VerteX #CannotAim,"Stolen Couch proved to be a step above the rest of the social/mobile game developers.The original development plan for this game was merely to be a PC port of the mobile/social version: a free-to-play microtransaction disaster. To my surprise, however, Stolen Couch Games actually listened to user feedback and ultimately removed the pay-walls entirely from the STEAM version. Because SCG knows that the F2P microtransaction model is far more profitable than the premium model, the fact that they still chose to go premium is that much more commendable, and deserves a lot more attention than it is getting.If you like Animal Crossing, buy this game. Hell, even if you don't like Animal Crossing, buy this game just to support honest developers, and show that good games are sustainable, without the freemium model.Kudos to the entire team at SCG for having artistic integrity in what is turning out to be a fantastic game."
,Recommended,304950,16361499,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Nokando,"Slow paced, dip in and dip out Animal Crossing type game.Content is added by the Devs on a regular basis currently, hope this continues.I keep dipping in for 5 minutes and playing for 15 so it must be doing something right.Good cartoon graphics, reasonable sound.I'm casting away my vote with a thumbs up."
76561197996965916,Recommended,304950,32207728,Posted: 5 June,all,novbecky88,"Addictive game. I wish the bugs and fish were endless as I have many quests requiring them and hate leaving the game!!!! I want to keep playing!!! MUST KEEP PLAYING.  Love the adorable graphics and the ease of money making if you are willing to work at it a bit. Advice-DONT clean the whole island right away, you will have quests for those weeds and debris."
,Recommended,304950,20784452,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Protoss,"What is Castaway Paradise Complete Edition?Castaway Paradise, for short, is a casual game where you land on an island and just help rebuilding it. For that you earn gems and puzzle pieces that you can get by doing various actions. Since there is no real objective to the game, it is very much a decoration sandbox game where you can unlock parts of the island and decorate everything at your will (provided you have the gems first).Controls:The game is completely controlled with the mouse and in most cases this goes very fine. When it doesn't, you just need to be careful. There are cases where icons appear that you would not want to click - for example, after digging a hole the game usually suggests you to plant a bug you caught earlier in the hole, instead of the flower seeds or fruits. So you must click one or two times extra. No big deal, but annoying.Gameplay:There is no way to permanently mess up, and so there are also no missable achievements. When you first start the game, you get a tutorial quest series, and you will want to just do quests for a while to learn all the basics of the game. There are various activities you can make, such as catching bugs and fish (and donating them to a museum), planting and harvesting vegetables, growing fruit trees (and of course also harvesting them), and rebuilding bridges, gates and houses. On top of that, you can decorate the island at will.The game is definitely not made for someone who wants a deep story or gameplay, but aimed at a more casual audience, although it will require quite some time to achieve everything.I heard comparisons to Animal Crossing, but as the versions I have I didn't play much, I can't tell.Here is only one example, the most rewarding and involved of the various things you can do: You come across a field of 4x3 squares. First you remove the weed and stones (only once before you use it). Then you rake the field and plant seeds in it. You get seeds by buying them in the shop or the store menu. Everything is bought with ingame money, and even the VIP status is reached by leveling up enough. Conveniently you can access that store at any time - and that means also while you are at the field and just looking at the raked square, so you can buy and plant seeds with one click (two or three if you must choose another seed first) without having to enter the actual store menu. After that, you need to water the plants. Then it takes some time for them to grow. Then you water them again. Possibly you repeat that once more. Then you harvest the plants (or at any step before but then they give less plants), go to your silo and sell them (again, conveniently without having to go to the actual shop). You can expand your silo to hold more plants, which is highly recommended at least once. As a tip, I found peppers to give the best reward (508 gems profit per field in 30 minutes, possibly plus water refill time or minus water refill gems if you have many fields). You read the last sentence right - instead of waiting for the water to fill up in your can, you can also buy that with the ingame money. Convenient!Of course you can upgrade the can to have more maximum water or deliver more water at once. When you get to the VIP status by reaching level 15, you have infinite water, but delivering at least 3 water at once still is useful.On top of everything, the game doesn't take itself too serious - the characters are over the top, and that is a good thing. The always grumpy Angus who hates flowers, the partying Mayor Viktoria, the francophil baker Gustave - the characters you meet are all lovable!Music and Sound:Unfortunately, at the music it falls badly. Sure, the sound ingame is nice, but the music is too few. You hear the same music over and over - especially noticeable when entering and leaving a building.Graphics:The graphics are in two distinctive styles. First there is a 3D blocky style for most objects and subjects, without ever getting pixelated as in Minecraft (see the screenshots on the store page for how it looks like), second there is a 2D style for the rest, such as flowers and the ground. With everything it does, the game looks not bad but could be better. Probably it was made to resemble the abovementioned Animal Crossing games.Recommended?It is really hard to give you advice. I love the game, but I also see that beyond the humor the mechanics are relatively simple and shallow. For me it was worth the money (I paid around 5 Euro in a sale), and I got over a dozen hours out of it so far and will spend more, probably until I have all achievements.If you want a game that you can return to every now and then, but then also are willing to invest some time to do the daily quests (that are optional but help you, and also reward you with badges not gotten otherwise for an optional collection), like half an hour for three or four times a day, then you have a small gem that can give you joy.If you however want to explore a lot, do epic quests, save the world, have battles - no, this is not for you then. Go back to Skyrim! Here you can only save a small island and spend all the time on it.PS: From some of the ingame things it is obvious that the developers might have wanted to make a F2P game ot at least modeled some mechanics after that. It is good that they didn't. There are no real money transactions inside the game, everything is bought with ingame money or - the VIP - by just leveling up, i.e. playing the game. It is only the second game from the developer that I find on Steam, and the first one that is a major project. The developer loves this game, he makes events for it, gives out free DLC every now and then. So as far as I can tell by this review, it would just be worth buying for that reason, just like Nation Red was back in the day.http://steamcommunity.com/app/304950/discussions/0/458606877329466148/As for the recommended price at which to buy, I can't tell. Personally I feel fine with the 5 Euro I paid, but depending on what you expect and how much you get involved in such games - or if you like it at all, it is as much a hit or miss at all or at any price I would tell. You must decide for yourself."
,Recommended,304950,19268283,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,LittlePennyPaw,"Normally, I write reviews after I am done with a game. However, I don’t think I will retire or complete this game in the near future and I believe it deserves more attention, I just write down some thoughts now. May edit later.At first glance, Castaway Paradise resembles the famous Animal Crossing game a lot. They indeed have several things in common, but CP has its selling point too, like farming and its unique square art-style.Good:+ A lot of furniture and outfits to get/change. I mean a lot of. XD+ Free DLCs and festival updates. These introduce new contents, including items, island decoration and more, in the game and are often time-limited. I myself is busily farming gems to buy all the Thanksgiving items now.+ Various ways to make the profit. You can farm seeds, grow trees, catch fish, water flowers, sell stocks or help out the island dwellers. By doing so, you are well paid back.+ Daily challenges: This is by far my favorite part. Completing daily challenges to get the new dress, gems, and even new bandages. Why not? And even better, bandages can be displayed in the mysterious room now! I’ve always been curious what function that room will serve.+ Easy control. I play Animal Crossing on 3DSLL and also tried CP on the phone. But Steam version is far easy to control. I usually use both keyboard and mouse.+ Colorful art-style which makes me really happy.+ Welcoming community and responsible devs.+ No microtransactions or social media accounts needed.What I think will be better if added/modified: (Some of these features are beloved ones in Animal Crossing)- Multiplayer. It will be much better if we can visit our friends’ islands.- Larger fish/shell/bug variety. Seasonal fish or bugs.- Ability to decorate more houses. Like town house and other dwellers’ houses.- More dwellers.- Use the boat to travel to another island.- I want to be the mayor! XDIn sum, this game is fantastic, especially for casual gamers! If you are into cute and colorful things or if you have some minutes to spare or if you like farming/decorating/dressing, give this game a try. It will amaze you.9/10 for me!"
,Recommended,304950,15779905,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Shifty Slug,"Castaway Paradise is the name of the game, but is it really a paradise to play in? Well let's find out. So far i have around 4 hours of play time in this game. Not a whole lot but for such a game that would give already a good impression on what to expect. Story wise the game is pretty simple, you are stranded on a island and the villagers need your help. Cause like every other game they cannot do anything them self. So during the course of the game you will preform many quests to earn XP and Gems. The higher you level the more items become available to you. Which you can then purchase with Gems.Besides those quests you can also plant crops, flowers, trees and so on. Catch some fish or bugs and rank them against other players around the world with their online leader board. All these things work very well.However, the game misses a couple of points/features that would have made the game exciting for the long haul, and i am gonna compare it with Animal Crossing(as the developers do as well) The main reason why that game is so successful is the aspect of collecting stuff. You go around finding new fish during certain seasons or catch bugs, and then you bring them to the museum. Here you catch them, and they will end up in a museum but there is no real sense of collection. no catalog to keep track of what you got, or no sense at all when something will appear or where.Another thing that is missing is new members joining the island, or the fear of someone leaving the island.  Here you have a handful of NPC's that walk around and not doing much, no interaction with other NPC's or any interaction with the world. They walk around and that is pretty much it. In short it could have felt more alive if they where doing something.Some other smaller things that i would have liked to see is a day and night cycle that for all i care is linked to your computer clock or the servers, to make the world feel alive. Also a missed thing is not being able to swim and dive up stuff. There is a boat and submarine docked at your island but for now those do not do anything. perhaps at a later level. Also events, the game has them, but as far as i can tell it's just store items you can buy to make it more seasonal and again no real exciting things (could be wrong here, just seen the mothers day event)In the end i can say that Castaway Paradise is a solid game, and for it's price worth it. However i do fear that in the long run it will become boring with the lack of interaction and collections."
,Recommended,304950,17154141,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Lana,"Very fun game, especially for casual gamers and fans of games like Animal Crossing. The game is very similar to Animal Crossing but has it's own features and charms as well.What I mostly wanted to say is that before I purchased this I read a review that stated the game could only be controlled using the mouse and had no keyboard functionality. There must have been an update in the meantime because after purchase I was pleasantly surprised to find it does have keyboard functionality. Moving around for example, can be done using the aswd keys, but you can still use the mouse to do this as well. Personally I find this a big plus because when needed you can control the game with only one hand using just the mouse (I often eat snacks while gaming ;) ).Would definitely recommend this game!"
76561198043620976,Recommended,304950,16395347,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,b.,"I wasn't sure how close to Animal Crossing the game would be, but in honesty, the game has a lot of its own originality.  It has very simple controls and tasks, yet you become engrossed in developing the island into a literal Castaway Paradise.  Very fun game, with very active, and awesome developers."
76561198090141267,Recommended,304950,16252586,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,🎃They Call Him Mr. Z 🎃,"An Animal Crossing inspired game is always good, but hard to master without it being a carbon copy. This game defies that logic and provides a breath of fresh air while providing the same gameplay you know and love!I created a wiki for the game if anyone would like to help edit it :http://castawayparadise.wikia.com/wiki/Special:WikiActivity!"
,Recommended,304950,20726743,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Erbkaiser,"A casual game where you control a villager on a small island. The island has multiple NPCs who all give you quests, often of the type of 'collect three apples' or 'plant four flowers',  and the occasional fetch quest.This is very much a mobile port, all the controls are done by big buttons and there are cooldown timers on just about everything, but the developers have removed any microtransactions and there is a lot of free DLC.The development team is also active on the forums.It has a cute art style and soothing background music, there is no voiced dialogue but there are good soundeffects to make the world seem more alive. As usual for games in this genre there are a lot of incentives to keep you playing, free items, lesser cooldowns, etc.Another nice feature is that the game continues playing when you're logged out, so if you have to wait for a particularly long cooldown you can just quit and come back later, to find it completed.I like what I've seen of this so far and will keep playing it for a while. It's currently still on sale, don't skip it!"
76561198122163777,Not Recommended,304950,20623656,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Opal Knight,"The long and short of it is, this game just fell short and wasn't much fun in execution.I enjoy both Animal Crossing and many of the Harvest Moon/Rune Factory games and it looked like this game might be a game with aspects of each.  Sadly this game has neither the charm nor the fun of any of it's predecessors.  Most of the aspects of this game are unnecessarily grindy and tedious with little reward.  I realize this had once been a Free2Play microtransaction nightmare, and the one thing going for it is that they removed the real money payment type but they left all the extra time sink requirements in.As far as a farming and life sim goes, the controls are just too awkward to make doing anything a pleasure.  The targeting is a chore, especially if you are trying to put down a fence behind a house that you can only barely view behind.  And the farming and planting takes just a few too many clicks to select your actions all so that after a 10-12 min wait (and a few extra clicks) you can harvest a vegetable from a plant and then turn around and sell it for exactly what the seed to grow it costs.There just isn't enough personal customization to really make doing all the chores (tasks the other inhabitants want) and waiting around to be able to do more chores, worth it.  Everything on the island is already in its place and just requires you to raise gobs of gems to fix up and make them useful.  The house you start out with is a tent and requires another gobfull of gems to turn into a house, but when you go inside said tent, it's just an interior of a house with the back rooms already visable and just roped off with an ""under construction"" sign.  If I'm living in a tent, my room should look like a tent so that the reward of raising all those gems really adds up to something.  Somehow the whole thing just feels like a community service simulation executed in real time.Maybe it's because there are no good Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon Games available on Steam that this game has gotten such raving reviews, but this game just didn'y scratch that simple, life-sim itch like it's 3DS predecessors do."
76561198304489224,Not Recommended,304950,33796950,Posted: 25 July,all,Biopuppetmaster,"Castaway Paradise is the textbook definition of a slapdash mobile port.- Timers and level bars litter the game, obvious holdovers from the game's mobile days.- A thing that you would have paid for on mobile, the 'VIP status', remains pointlessly in the game behind a level bar. Which is odd because of the things it offers. It gives you more clothing, which is a thing the devs already use the level constraints for normally, and more 'daily quests', which they should have gave you to begin with.- One generic, looping music track through the entire game.- There are little to no sound effects, and what’s there is really bland and usually consists of a single tone. There's not even a stepping sound when you move.- All of the ""characters"" in the game are not actually characters. They are either walking stereotypes or just really obvious and bland (of course the bird is a pilot and the fox is a pirate). Sometime a character is even both (there's a llama clothing dealer/hairstylist).- Very little you actually do in the game. You can fish and catch bugs, both of which are stupidly easy and require a single mouse click and little to no thought or timing. You pick up trash and weeds, and remove rocks, which is as fun as you think it is. You wait for crops and trees to slowly grow (the trees take an hour or more to produce fruit). You also do those stupid back and forth missions everyone has always hated.- The quests you do for characters are also just holdovers from the mobile version. There is the magical sidebar with character pictures that all scummy mobile games have, and all of the quests were obviously roadblocks in the mobile game. Very few of them have to do with going back and forth. Most of the quests either involve planting something (which, in the mobile version, you would have to wait for a long time for it to grow unless you paid up), or buying something for them (which, I'm assuming, you'd have to spend a high amount a buyable currency to do).- Rather bland art style. Which means that the two things the rely on visual appearance, the clothing and furniture, are also rather bland. The art is not even that high effort, as I'm pretty sure anyone can create things entirely out of a small number of flat planes.- Finally, the price, which is the worst offence in my book. I'd be perfectly happy with paying five dollars for this game. It's not very good, but it would serve as an alright filler game that you buy with other more interesting titles. However, I can't justify paying fifteen dollars for this. You can get way, WAY better for that price."
,Recommended,304950,16375503,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,wilhelm_ryan,"Played this when it first came out for iOS devices, and loved it then. It was free, had microtransactions, but I really didn't mind them that much. It's a great alternative for fans of Nintendo's Animal Crossing franchise. So far, the game seems to play the same as the iOS version, but that's not a bad thing. It plays so much better on my PC then it does with a touch screen.There's a few small touches it's missing that would add to the experience, like a day/night cycle, but it's nothing major. It's a great game. Also, this is one of those rare instances where a game developer actually listens to it's community, as opposed to just taking your money and not updating the game thereafter. Stolen Couch listened to everyone, and made the game $15 -- a one time price to get the full game, no microtransactions. Kudos, Stolen Couch!"
,Recommended,304950,16931295,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Kizlit,"Do you like Animal Crossing?  I've played Animal Crossing for years and have put in many, many hours so I will say this is a B-Rated version of AC but if you don't have a DS, want a cheaper version, or are just bored with New Leaf and want something different then I'd recommend this game.  There are some bugs and the micro transaction placement is annoying (there is NO MICRO TRANSACTION) but overall this is a solid game if you get it on sale.  The devs are also very interactive with the community and there is consistent FREE DLC for the game.  I can imagine putting many, many hours into Castaway Paradise.My guide for the game:The Farming Basics"
,Recommended,304950,16093407,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,iddqd,"Warning: This game is extremely addictive. I've had this on my wishlist for a while prior to purchase and now I regret that I didn't consider to buy the game earlier. It's fantastic!As for the game itself, I would say it's a mixture of Animal Crossing as well as Farm for you Life minus the zombie part. It's relaxing, motivating and easy to play.Definite recommendation!"
,Not Recommended,304950,30411400,Posted: 9 March,all,city loot,"I've played this a lot, and my animal crossing nostalgia made me look at it thinking it was better than it was. You overlook obvious bugs, flaws and the RIDICULOUS amount of grinding you need just to unlock every flower.Development is slow. The controls are frustratingly unresponsive. The UI is obnoxious. The developer does not listen to what the players want. The music is one track and better believe it's terrible.I'm at level 31. You will 'finish' everything by around level 15.The fatal flaw is the lack of ownership of your town. It is the same as everyone else's town in layout and villagers. (Not like you could visit other towns anyway) There is zero reason to spend a lot of time on personalisation.Every town in the same with characters that are at the same time highly charicatured and forgettable. I couldn't remember half of their names if you asked me and I closed this game ten minutes ago.In summary... Fine if you want a fleeting moment of nostalgia. Does not stand as a game on it's own."
76561198024969911,Recommended,304950,15925331,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Yendor,"Let me begin by saying the game is a port of a mobile ap so the interface is not really designed for mouse+keyboard [though it is getting better patch-by-patch]. If you can get past that, this is an enjoyable though quite simple casual RPG/farming game. Trees of various types and a variety of vegetables all have the same essential mechanic: water them, wait a bit, possibly repeat, and harvest the results. There are also fish to catch, quests to complete, insects to chase, buildings to repair, etc.Absolutely not a deep game in any way, but if you like decorating your house or playing dress-up there are tons of items to unlock/collect.One of the best features by the way: The developers are *very* responsive in the forums and such. The game has improved massively from beta to release because they listened and adapted to what PC players said they wanted."
,Recommended,304950,15686661,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Detox -R-,"This is a great game to pass the time with.Lots of activities to keep you occupied. From fishing, growing crops, decorating your home / the island, customising your character and his or her clothes, to buying and selling shares on the stock market. There is always something to keep you occupied and coming back.Personally in terms of the low price and time spent playing the game I can see it being well worth it compared to a AAA game that I'll spend £40 on, play once and never touch again."
76561198188402886,Recommended,304950,17375189,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,missnox,"Excellent game for lovers of the Animal Crossing Series, and with creators who listen to fans and adjust in-game problems and annoyances. There's also plenty of free DLC and no micro transactions! I'm on level 11 after 24 hours, and with So much left to do, so I imagine this game will occupy my time for a very long time. Very happy I bought this, and would love to buy another just like it. ^^"
76561197966289799,Not Recommended,304950,23898917,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mr.PoopyButthole,"Ok, I gotta be the negative review guy because there needs to be one.First of all... There is only one freaking song and it will drive you crazy...Second: It's not very magical like Animal Crossing. Theres no hidden gems like UFO's, contests (fish catching, bug catching, etc..), A.I. rankings for how well your room is decorated, or how well your town is beautified. Not even a day and night cycle were different things happen..Third: You don't feel like your achieving anything, even for a casual game. You get all of your tools in the first, like 5 quests. You can decorate your house, dress up your person, and beautify the town which is nice. But that goes on too my next point.Fourth: The game and quests are pretty repetitive (planting, catching, fishing, talking to people). I get pretty bored of it, and I cannot play for very long.Fifth: You can grow virtual crops but it's like the biggest pain in the *** having to rake a field, and slowly, akwardly water things like, 5  tomatoes, 7 times in a row (space bar, space bar, space bar)... The controls are pretty clunky as well as your characters response to them.It's essentially a skeleton of a game. The stock market is cool, but besides collecting badges clothes, furniture, bugs and fish... There is really not much else.But I bought it on sale, so hey if you can get the deal, try it for yourself.In my opinion I would say that this is definitely not a $15 dollar game!"
76561198077949920,Recommended,304950,25024068,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Jemmy,"I really enjoy this game! I'm bad at writing reviews 'cause I ramble, but hopefully my input helps potential purchasers.Can I clarify something for you all right off the bat? This game is NOT pay to win. (This is not a game you beat or ""win"" anyway, at least not in the 45 hours I've played so far.) VIP status automatically happens when you hit level 15. You earn XP for everything - farming, weeding, fishing, completing villager's quests, etc. So getting to level 15 and VIP status wasn't actually that hard. (I'm level 19 now.) I haven't found a way to put money in this game after you initially buy it, so I don't think it's possible. (You do earn in-game ""gems"" for doing quests and selling crops and other items, and you can use those gems on timers to speed up your crops. It is NOT using real money.)I don't have a Nintendo system, but I love Harvest Moon style games, so I was excited when I saw this, and bought it during Summer Sale (Yep, I'm a cheap-o). This game goes less in depth than Harvest Moon games, and there doesn't seem to be a story line or ending beyond the fact that you got dumped on this inhabited island, but I was surprised that each character has a unique background and personality. It's easy to spend an hour every day or two messing around on my island. The developers still add DLC occasionally (new item theme packs), and it is all FREE! Some reviewers have complained that this is just an item placing game, but that's actually what I like about it. You can't move buildings, but you can add trees and flowers, fencing, pathways, statues, etc. Also you can decorate the inside of your house with wallpapers, flooring, and furniture. Yes, you can farm, fish, and catch bugs, but I only do that to earn money to buy more stuff to decorate my island, lol!What else to say? No, I didn't care for the art style of the villagers either, but I got over that very quickly. There are no bugs or glitches, the graphics are bright, crisp, and cheery, and I actually don't mind the single music track. Oh, one thing I would like to see added is a day/night cycle. There are animated torches and campfires that would look really nice at night, and then those poor villagers could get some sleep!"
,Recommended,304950,23829703,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kritigri,"This one's a weird one. It's a port of a microtransaction-driven mobile game, with the microtransactions removed. However, as it was built with microtransactions in mind, some of the game feels strangely unbalanced, such as being able to make and absurd amount of money by growing a large number of coconut trees in a short space of time (the growth of the trees and cococunts are time-gated, but the previous restriction was to do with the 'energy' of using tools which has since been removed). You'll find lots of odd little imbalances and redundancies throughout (such as the occasional quest which rewards more gems than the amount used to skip it + claim an easy reward) but most of them can be overlooked.Balance issues aside, you're looking at the closest thing there is to a worthwhile Animal Crossing clone here, and I personally think it's worth full price. As of the time of writing, however, it's 75% off, and I very much recommend snagging it now."
,Recommended,304950,15977671,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,sleepy_worm,"I was looking for a charming and relaxing life simulator, more in the vein of Animal Crossing than the Sims.  I was a bit hesitant to get Castaway Paradise after reading that it was a mobile port of a freemium game.  However, the developers have done a very good job divorcing this game from its free-to-play roots.  It looks beautiful and runs incredibly well on my old laptop, to boot.All in all, it is a wonderful, relaxing experience."
76561198006541362,Recommended,304950,18905271,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,stranger1982,"After a violent storm you find yourself washed up on a tropical island and are quickly welcomed by the other inhabitants, from there you're free to do as you wish be it farming, completing quests, gathering collectibles or simply decorating your new home.Castaway Paradise is a sandbox simulator reminiscent of games like Animal Crossing with quite alot to do, tons of objects and colourful graphics: it's a good game if you like the genre despite its slightly annoying controls and UI.PROS:-charming, colourful graphics and art style-tons of different quests, since they're randomized you'll never run out of them-a plethora of outfits, objects and decor to buy and use-three different collectible categories (bugs, fishes and shells) plus badges for completing daily quests-there's lots to do, buildings to reconstruct after the storm, an upgradeable house for yourself, stock market, farming, gates to unlock new areas etc..-once you get things going it's easy to gather enough currency to get what you want-good length, you'll need about 12 to 15 hours to unlock every area and rebuild everythingCONS:-finicky controls, it's sometimes hard to position yourself near the tile you want to interact with-the UI feels awkward while you navigate tab after tab to find what you want to buy or use, the auto-select for things you can bury/ plant/ tools to use can also get in the way (e.g. when surrounded by several interactive elements, when it forgets what seeds you are planting thus making you buy the wrong one or when it insists at presenting collectibles before seeds when you're near a planting hole). It works overall, but it's annoying-villagers are forgettable overall, as are their dialogueshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=548915531Castaway Paradise works well as a sandbox thanks to the huge amount of content it throws your way, you're simply free to do as you wish whether it's fishing, farming, hunting for bugs to donate to the museum or decorating your house: the random quests are generally easy enough and provide a steady income for you to invest on the island, a few ones (like catching a certain fish or farming one of the crops with long timers) can be a bit dull but can always be skipped with currency.It's charming graphics and light-hearted take on the genre also makes the game perfect for a younger audience especially considering its gameplay is easy to learn and open to letting you be as creative as you want with how you put objects, flowers and trees in the various areas.All things considered Castaway Paradise is a good purchase if you like the genre especially considering there's not many games like this one around on PC: it'll provide a good amount of content to keep you-and any family members- busy."
,Recommended,304950,16819363,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kraloz,"This has to be one of the best games on Steam, the clever little snips of education (such as having a brocolli harvesting quest to raise the amount of Vitamin A in the town), the amazing and adorable graphics and style, what seems like never-ending quests, constant updates, FREE dlc, and much more. If you enjoy games like Animal Crossing, buy this game.Just in case you need one, here's a list of pros and cons.Pros:+Cute graphics+Cute characters+Lots and lots of quests+The customization options are giant, there has to be at least a million different combinations+Same with the house deco/furniture and outside deco/furniture+There are many types or food, but they seem to be mostly fruit or fruit-related+Will keep you occupied for hours+Has a pretty good sized island for as many things as you'd like+All characters have detailed personalities and cool names+Pretty much everything else, can't think of anything right nowCons:-No online or even local multiplayer-There is a free app version, but it's way too pay2win-It's taken me 3 hours to get to 6k, from all the quests making me buy expensive things  and not giving me sufficient rewards (such as a quest to upgrade a building that takes 8k, but your reward cash is only 870)-Nothing else, seriouslyTL;DRAMAZING GAME! BUY NOW!"
,Recommended,304950,16253207,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Krital,"Really addicting and fun, Just wish you can cancel quests and come back to it. I have quests that can't acquire an item until later on in the game or when you've unlocked a part of the island way further in."
76561198124892716,Recommended,304950,16005660,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Dovahkiinss,"It's like Farmville and Animal Crossing had a baby meets real time.It is fun. I like it, but depends on what you like."
,Recommended,304950,23208262,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Deezine,"Neat little Animal Crossing/Harvest Moon hybrid.Any fan of Animal Crossing will feel right at home playing this game, with a lot of the elements being the same or very similar. You can plant fruit trees and flowers, catch bugs and fish, decorate your home, change your appearance. You earn gems that can be used to upgrade your home and fix up the island.My biggest gripes are that there is no day/night cycle (as of yet), and there is only one song, which really starts to grind on you. Also some of the aspects of the game aren't explained very clearly or even at all."
76561198120924859,Recommended,304950,16861638,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Rainedropp,"I remember playing this game on Facebook (if I remember correctly) and loved it, clocking many hours into it. The only thing that bothered me was the micro-transactions, however, upon discovering this on steam, with no more of that and complete access to the content, I must say that I was very pleased and got it right away.As for the game content itself, it is very fun and easily addictive, especially for fans of the animal crossing series.  Most definitely recommend this game :)"
,Recommended,304950,23905072,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nellodee,"Cute, simple fun."
76561198065334219,Recommended,304950,17533386,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,fixitdave,"Very fun game with many similairitys to Animal Crossing. You get your own residence, you can chop down, plant or grow almost anything you want. You are assigned a small farm plot for crops and the residents will offer you different types of quests. Fishing is very easy to do although I never found a use for upgrading the fishing rod, its a slow process so I almost always had 7+ charges remaining and the fish are very scattered so its hard to use up all the charges before finding more fish. Items have a charge limit on them for example the water can starts off with 10/10 and when you use water it goes down but recharges overtime at 45 seconds per unit. This can be frustrating while trying to grow more than 2 tomatoes which can require 7 water units per tomato. I had my water can fully upgraded and everything required water, I was constantly waiting for it to refill as paying 3750 to refill it seemed too pricey especially since I built the TOWN WATER WELL!!! This is no longer an issue once your 15 so avoid farming things like tomatoes early and sve yourself the headache.I do love this game though, I was always baffled that no one made anything like Animal Crossing for the PC. This game fills that niche and does so very well. Give it an hour and see for yourself, if you dislike it request a refund but you will probably end up staying like most everyone else :)"
76561198104668523,Recommended,304950,17383348,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,RavenFairwick,"Really cute. Reminds me of Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing. No combat or pressure to go save anyone, just a nice laid back and casual game."
,Not Recommended,304950,19186358,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Toxicwire,"It's alright, nothing perfect. If you're playing this for a Animal Crossing clone, you'll be disappointed. There seems to be less to do than actual Animal Crossing itself."
,Recommended,304950,22427343,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,T-Rennix,"This game is great. I don't want to compare it to Animal Crossing since this gives me a whole different feeling, although it takes at least 80% of its ideas from Animal Crossing, down to even the 'tear drop' fish texture, which is nice. (Before continuing i only ever played Animal Crossing up until New Leaf so, if im wrong, help me out XD)This game gives more of a reason to progress by giving the player a 'VIP' status at lvl 15, multiple areas to open up and heaps of furniture to unlock and buy at will rather than collecting like in Animal Crossing, which can be both a good or bad thing depending on personal opinion. but PERSONALLY i'd rather it be a collectable thing so i can show off the furniture i got over heaps of returning to the games shop and finding it in there.The game looks very pretty, (and i saw something about a HD Retexture in the future?) the art style is so modern day, GameCube Animal Crossing, which is what originally made me want to buy the game.There is a large variety of furniture and decor to put everywhere so you can really make the entire island themed to the way you want to theme it, which is awesome.Some things you may want to note are; The NPC's in this game, are so dull and boring. you will talk to them alot for quests etc... but you wont ever use the standard, random dialogue option, as it's usually pointless and boring. so don't buy this game expecting to get an emotional bond with any of the NPC's, to my knowledge they aren't random, so you will have the same people every game. The wait timers can be a little annoying, but there is an option to speed it up using gems. (This is not a paywall game, it seems like it once was due to all the features left behind, but they have completely removed any form of paywall and everything is VERY easily accessable using all in game money and time etc... )TL;DR This game is an awesome game for both casual gamers and die hard fans of the Animal Crossing series. the wait timers seem to make sense since you are growing something, and it gives progression to the game. pick it up on sale if you aren't sure, but if you like all the things mentioned above, then you should definately pick this up."
,Recommended,304950,24661740,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,cultdaddy,Decent alternative to Animal Crossing with frequent free updates / DLC and great support from the devs.
,Recommended,304950,16478726,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,falling_line,"This game is great!  It reminds me of Animal Crossing from Nintendo, which I loved.  The development team is great and fixes any errors very quickly once someone addresses the issue.  If you are into casual gameplay and a fun, enjoyable experience this is the game for you.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!"
,Recommended,304950,16375979,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hollthulhu,"Castaway Paradise is a solid little title, making its way to PC! At the time of my review, the main parts of the game seem to be all finished. However, the developers are very active and are constantly fixing bugs, adding content, and taking suggestions from its players seriously - this is a very welcoming addition!As stated, it pulls a lot of its ideas from the very popular Animal Crossing game, and I would go as far to say Harvest Moon as well. However, this game does manage to stand apart from both of those with its own little specialities. The game is very easy to pick up and play, and also very easy to step away and come back to later. It gives players incentive to log in daily for special rewards, and incorporates a Leaderboard system with finding collectables.I would rate this an 8/10 in its current state. A few little additions and tweaks need to be made, and I feel it is too early to say how the longevity of this game will be, but I have a good feeling it will keep getting content updates for some time."
76561198061532712,Recommended,304950,16499789,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,TankGirl,"This game is great! easy controls, addictive, lots of decorating options.The ability to place furniture and decoration outside is great! it lets you do a lot with your island. some quests are easy some are harder, so there is a good balance to make it fun for people who want to play casual, or put more into it.If you like farming this game is for you, I love games like harvest moon, animal crossing, plant for your life, really anything where you get to rebuild a place/ farm/ personalize the area. This game has that feel to it, so if you are into that style game you are in the right place. I reccomend this for sure."
76561198042362919,Recommended,304950,15918320,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,katis626,"IF you love Animal Crossing series, you will like this! Lots to do including collecting fish, insects, planting fruit, different types of crops. Lots of clothes to try on and buy and hairstyles. Price to pay is nice. I perfer to play this on my laptop instead of my ipad mini.Things I dont likewalking is really slowrunning seems slownot being able to pick different colored hairstyles with new hairstylesTotally worth the money though!"
,Recommended,304950,16082803,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Snowflake,"I really enjoy this game. I've never played Animal Crossing, but I have played Farmville and Castleville on fb. This is quite similar. I love games like this even if I do have to wait a few minutes for flowers to pop up or quests to be done. If you're like me though you just find other things to do while you're waiting. But you can do quest after quest for hours. There's always something to do.Con about this game? The walking.... I've never spent so much time trying to walk around, finding people and accepting quests. Sure you can zoom out and see where they are, but it takes FOREVER going back and forth. I wish they would just have a feature where the quest explains itself right then and there, so you don't have to keep wandering to accept them.A little tip for this game, when you pick up trash, find bugs, fish etc. Keep them for a while before selling them. You don't know how many times I've accidentally sold something and then find out I needed it for a quest. One quest asks for seven tires, and I've sold a lot already. So now I just have to run around and wait for some to respawn which could take days. Quests I could have finished early, I had to wait to finish because I was trying to make some extra gems >.>Other than that, I do recommend this game. I'm not sure if it's worth the entire $14.99, I bought it for $10. If you want this game wait for it to go on sale, or don't if you just want it now XD"
,Recommended,304950,18205414,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Imaranx,"I really enjoy this game~♥It has fun characters, nice missions and very enjoyable things to do. (catch fish, catch bugs, plant flowers, trees, etc.)And Im BIG fan of Animal Crossing series, so this ""copy"" of those game series is very pleasant. :)"
,Recommended,304950,32749185,Posted: 24 June,all,Quantum,"A decent game overall, love the customizations and the fact that we can decorate the whole island instead of only our house.Could've been better though , if only we can have more aspects to the game like raising animals and cooking recipes just like what Harvest Moon has. But I guess that's asking too much.8/10"
76561198017196792,Recommended,304950,20181666,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MiMi,"Castaway Paradise is a clone of Animal Crossing : i.e: a casual game with small fetch quests, farming and social simulation. You care for a village, plant stuff, do tasks for your people etc. As a fan of AC I played all the versions, from the Gamecube to the Wii, not forgetting the handheld versions. Somehow the Harvest Moon series never 'clicked' for me, didn't like the very tight schedule (you sneeze and it's nighttime already! Wow!) and the marrying thing. My World, my rules.So yeah as a 'veteran' of those casual no brain farm games, I highly recommend Castaway Paradise. You'll be planting, harvesting, chatting, pulling weeds, fishing, catching bugs, filling a museum etc The graphics are lush and colorful. The blocky look is very well done, it looks like a Lego world made 10 times more beautiful, or like a MySims in HD. The camera is fixed and you can only zoom in and out - but it's way enough. You mainly play with the mouse, can also move with the arrows. The world looks alive with bugs flying by and the NPCs walking around, it's really fun to watch. The system uses the internal clock just like Animal Crossing and each new day new stuff appears: herbs, trash, rocks, there's also a daily tasks system which is really well done. The map is very handy, scrollable and animated.You can only have 3 quests at the same time - plus the daily tasks which are numerous - and each villager have quests more or less specific to his character. The best one is definetly Angus, a grumpy ape, because some of his specific quests are the opposite of what the other villagers ask you to do: destroy flowers! (That others required you to plant!) He always give you bonus trash - which you can sell, or dump! The quests texts are all fun, the birdie character always reminding you that she has no opposable thumbs so it's up to you to do her shores, Angus always nagging about the others, the mayor who keeps partying all the time... Really cool. They all feel totally different, with different texts.Sure it has flaws: For one it lacks a lot of sounds, like when you walk or when you talk to someone; I often think there's a problem with the settings and go check the options. And unlike Animal Crossing there's no night and no weather (except snow on the ground). There's no celebrations for events like for Christmas for example but there's special sets of items available and deco spread out - like snow, Christmas trees, snowmen etc. There's also no move-in or move-out: your population is static.Reading some other reviews I was worried of the mobile version leftovers like time counters and limitations, nag screens and such but didn't find anything hair pulling: yes the tools have to 'reload' their charges/uses but they reload really fast - in fact it makes so much sense that it's disappointing that the reload is removed at level 15, they should have left it in until the end. Plus you can upgrade your tools if you really want to have a faster reloading before that level 15 (just buy them at the shop). All the prices are reasonable, and just like AC you'll soon be wading in dough. Sure, it's not Animal Crossing, but hey it's not Nintendo either; it's an indie game, and those devs surely deserve some money and recognition!I really like it, it's relaxing and lighthearted. You'll launch it for 5 minutes and still be playing an hour later :). No zombies, no super mutants, no dreadful choices to make; just some trees to shake and fishes waiting for ya, silly texts to read... It's the perfect game to unwind. Plus there's a LOT of stuff to find and collect, you'll need a lot of time to find everything!Similar casual game on PC: Wandering Willows. And 'somehow' similar series: The Island Castaway, MyTribe, Virtual Villagers, Island Tribes, Farm Up, MySims. It's hard finding this type of game on PC, it's more tailored for console games."
76561198192454250,Not Recommended,304950,31532478,Posted: 3 May,all,Katie,"If you're looking to play this game, I would suggest simply to download it on an iPhone or Android as it's not only easier to control your character, it's not as hard on your eyes. It's also free on mobile. The game itself is pricey alone, regardless of being provided automatic VIP at level 15. Once you reach that level peak, you've almost completed all of the objectives which is when your game slows down significantly.Not to mention, some quests may reward you with VIP Items as it is, therefore it's not much of a loss in the end, unless you wish to unlock the villager Stevie.Pros:-Almost like the original Animal Crossing (GameCube, etc)-Bright colours-126 Quests per villager, you'll always have something to do.-Your own customizable house-Island decorating-Stock Market-Dailies-Shell seeking-Your own farm and siloCons:-EXPENSIVE!-VIP really isn't needed, honestly-Bad Graphics-Only one soundtrack-Slow paced, laggy-Not enough bugs, fish, etc. to catch-Limited in terms of villagers/islanders and bonds-Farming takes forever-Catching bugs can be a chore-House(s) look big, but are very small in reality-You only have 3 rooms in your house, though it looks like you have two levels.-Character customization is limited in terms of skin tones-No visiting other islandsAs this is completely my opinion and the experience I had while playing the game, this does not mean you'll think it needs a lot of work or that it's a horrible game. The game is decent, but a bit neglected. I feel that Stolen Couch should REALLY put some effort into the Complete Edition, because it's pretty much the Mobile game with VIP and no Pearls. Have a nice day and thanks for reading."
,Recommended,304950,23999860,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,gamepuri,"I recommend this game to lovers of simple, easy-going games. The graphics is in simple colours, but the art is absolutely great.The game as a whole doesn't require big amounts of hard-drive space. The over-all design of the game is great and I have no complaints.It's a simple, yet interactive game and as a pass-time, it keeps me occupied for a little while each day - without me having to spend hours on it."
76561198148414731,Recommended,304950,18830290,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Winter Raven,"I bought this game on sale for $7.49. Even on sale that is alot for me. I am glad I got it. In 29 hours I have 24/40 achievements. On the third game day I made it to VIP status. No body ever tried to kill me. The worst thing that can happen is you run out of gardening water and you have to wait for a refill. This game has sooo much content. I see myself playing this hundreds of hours. It is not a high class game, but I am amazed at how compelled I feel to progress. I have never led any leaderboard of any kind before so this was a kick (and on the 3rd day as well!):http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=546535623"
,Recommended,304950,18182880,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Pip,"Interesting Game. A Mix between Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing and Farmville.It has its own charm :)"
,Not Recommended,304950,20758618,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,unScript3d,"It's really hard to recommend a game that seemingly is ported with no extra effort...- Controls are bad with keyboard, using a mouse seems to be the only decent way to play. (Also tried a controller with ControllerCompanion. It was okay, however fine tweaking required)- UI is clunky and is operated as if it were on a mobile device.- Fairly bland gameplay.- Pay/Level walls, assuming the mobile stuff was behind pay walls with gems, this version has its content behind level walls.If the devs actually read feedback, I will not be asking for a refund, as I like to think that I can have faith in a project, and getting a refund will not help this become something worth playing.As a HUGE Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon fan, please implement more factors of them games into this, seeing as that's how you've chosen to market your game.tl;drClean up your UI and make gameplay more fluid, just like AC/HM are, drop the level walls and just let us explore and play."
76561198019106799,Recommended,304950,15725948,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Caltek9,"I am super-biased because I know and have worked with the developers, but I really like this game. It was great on mobile as F2P, but I am happy that I get to just buy it once and play it on PC. Truly a well-designed game, and I can't get enough of the art. Very excited this finally hit Steam."
,Recommended,304950,18785507,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Matt,I can already tell this game is going to ruin my life.
76561198093931397,Recommended,304950,19324753,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,missXvamp,I think this game is awesome. Lots to do. And always have quests as well. Some things take time. I have only played nearly 10 hours but thats straight lol i bought the game and not stopped playing. Yes its similar to Animal crossing thats why i like it. Its good to be able to play a game like this on my laptop. I do recommend it yes. xx
,Recommended,304950,16607269,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Shanina,"If you've been looking for an Animal Crossing, Harvest Moon, or simply a carefree farming/decorating game, this is for you. And it's so great! As of June 21, 2015, they are providing constant free DLC, as well as actively looking for the communities input.I started playing it and looked up, three hours had gone by. My boyfriend fell asleep waiting for me to finish watering my plants. Love it Love it!"
,Recommended,304950,16623549,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Miki,"Note: This review comes from a huge Animal Crossing fan. Almost 600 hours on Animal Crossing New Leaf and counting.If you are an Animal Crossing fan, you will love Castaway Paradise. While it's not exactly AC, its very similar. I just start playing and get surprised at how much time I play in every session. It's a kid and casual friendly game that you can play at your own pace, so it makes it very relaxing. The graphics and characters are nice, maybe not very appealing on the beginning, but they become more charming once you get into the game. Now with the PROS and CONS list.PROS-Lots of clothing that don't require storage/inventory space. You can have EVERYTHING.-Being able to place furniture inside and outside your house. You can decorate all the island with furniture.-No Micro-transactions. Really. If it had them, I wouldn't have bought the game to start with it. It was requested during the Greenlight process. And devs listened!-Free DLC items every now and then.-Daily gifts just for playing.-Unlocking zones, clothing and furniture through gameplay.-WADS Controls. Despite being a mobile/Facebook port, you can use keyboard and mouse to play instead of just mouse.-Very responsive Dev team. Stolen Couch Games is doing great in comunicating with players, solving bugs and implementing realistic player suggestions -even saying if some aren't reachable at the moment-.-Different settings that allow a better playing experience -for example, you can toggle on/off the option to bypass farming timers by paying Gems, the in-game currency-. When it comes to options, the more, the merrier :D-Easy farming system.-Quests. Simple questing that helps you level faster. Similar to AC's errands.-Neighbours don't go away if you don't play every day. Never!!-You can have up to three game slots. So if you feel like restarting the game, you aren't forced to delete your main character.CONS-You can only have three active quests at a time. I don't like using Gems to complete quests, though I don't mind waiting until more weeds respawn (daily), but if I have two quest asking me to remove weeds... I guess you get my point.-Too few neighbours. Would like to see some more.-Only one face for your characters, and no hair color selection -you can buy different hair styles, but each one has its own hair color-.-You can't choose a different skin tone. Would be nice to have a few more options -just one more pale and more dark could do the trick for me.-It could use more music. Game has only one song. Probably this is because it has a mobile/Facebook version.Despite the few CONS, I would definetely buy the game if I hadn't already made it. They don't make the game any less enjoyable and the PROS outweigh them. Also the game was on sale for 50% despite being in Steam only for a month or so when the summer offers kicked in."
,Recommended,304950,18853842,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Norm,"If you enjoy Animal Crossing then this could be the game for you.I will say to start with that it's not as advance as Animal Crossing but it's not far off. That's not to dsay that this isn't a good alternative though. There's a lot to do from collecting fruit, fishing, bug hunting and planting crops. That's not all there is to do though. Earn some money and put it in to the stock market to make more (or loose some). Rebuild islanders homes. Plant some trees to reap more fruit. You can also customise your character with different costumes and outfits. Upgrade your home from a tent to a mansion. You will always b busy.The major point that drew my attention to this game was the fact that they are not putting microtransactions into the Steam version. You can play this for free on android devices etc but they include the IAP's. This versioin doesn't and according to the Devs it never will.So if you like a casual game inwhich you grow an island and do a little farming then this may just be for you. It's not an action packed thrill ride but it's very addictive and nice to play while chilling out."
,Recommended,304950,16572178,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,inmybutt (Herp Derp),I write this review as I am waiting for my crops to grow. This my friend is a amazing game! You end up washed up on this island that has been destroyed by a storm and you must help rebuild it. It's one of the games that you become addicted to it without even knowing it. If you like animal crossing than this is the game for you!!
,Recommended,304950,16732292,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Maeleigh,"Honestly I got this game on a whim not knowing if I would like it or not. After starting out though I fell in love with the game. It's pretty much an Animal Crossing on PC type game, though the characters look a tad like Animal Crossing had a baby with Minecraft.The game itself shares similar elements to Animal Crossing, you fish, collect shells, and catch bugs and turn those into the museum guy to complete your collections. Just like you would the fish, bugs and fossils of the former.You get rid of weeds, can grow and harvest different fruit trees to sell just like in the former as well.The main difference that makes me love this game though is the slow build up. You slowly do quests for the villagers, making money that in turn lets you unlock sections of the island one at a time. From there you also use the money to rebuild and furnish the island. The quest feature is really nice and it's an enjoyable change that gives the game a greater feeling of depth than what Animal Crossing did on its own.I got this on sale and I can see some people maybe not liking the price, but if you love Animal Crossing and quest time features and tasks like some Facebook games have, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,304950,15918736,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Topher3727,"It is hard for me to say that I strongly recommend this game, but I don't dislike it enough to say don't get it either.Overall, I think this game has a TON of potential.  Think animal crossing mixed with some Farmville mixed with some harvest moon.  Don't expect the addictive game play of Harvest Moon or Animal Crossing.  Those games have deeper characters and game play where you feel personally attached to the game and characters, this game makes me feel more like an errand boy who washed up on an island where people are more concerned about their own inability to get simple tasks done instead of why you washed up on the shore covered in seaweed.  The game feels like it is a money grabbing Facebook game like Farmville, but I have yet to hit a wall where I have to buy anything with any form of ""premium"" currency.  So far it feels more like someone had me pay upfront to unlock all the premium items instead.  Two things that REALLY makes it feel like a Facebook game more than a purchased game, for me at least, is that you get a daily login bonus and you have to wait until a higher level to become a ""VIP"".The game play is pretty basic, and at times the ""quests"" seem pretty repetitive.  There will be times where one character asks you to deliver an item to another character who is literally standing 3 steps away, but I can't fault the game for this because the character wander freely.  I do wish there was some more diversity included with regards to crops, tasks, other aspects.  Don't have me run back and forth 80 times delivering items from one random character to a different random character while I'm waiting for crops to grow.I also don't really like the fact that actions (like watering) is limited by ""stamina"" that regenerates at a rate of 1 per 50 seconds.  This seems trivial of me to pick on, but I feel like the reason I paid for a game like this was so that I wasn't stuck waiting on games that Facebook has for free which limit your actions due to energy or stamina.  You can refill ""stamina"" by using standard in game currency, but it gets a little frustrating.I know so far I mentioned a lot of negatives, but there are also positives.  The game itself is cute.  It's a good concept that mixes Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing, and Farmville.  I like that you can buy things from a catalog instead of waiting for items to randomly be in stock at the store.  I also like that there are areas of the island to unlock as the game progresses.I have to also say it was nice to play a game of this style where you aren't stuck at the beginning playing a really long tutorial or having to hoard items to reach the next point.  Goals (such as upgrading buildings and unlocking areas) are easily attainable so you can enjoy the game more than worrying about hoarding an item just to get to the next part.I have to say that the game has it's positives and it's negatives.  If I had played this game first would I have still purchased it...... maybe if it was on sale for a bit more off..."
,Recommended,304950,22135531,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sam,"I wrote a review for Castaway Paradise awhile back, but it's since then updated, so I'd like to renew my views on it. Originally I don't think I posted anything worth reiterating, but my main point is this: I do believe the Steam edition is the best edition to follow. I'm not sure if the Facebook and iOS/Android version still contains microtransactions, but this version does not. Nor does it contain an energy bar as of recent updates!This is a game I was looking forwards to for quite a few years. Originally, I was very pleased with it, and for reasons I totally forgot, fell out of love with it very quickly. While it still needs a lot of love to be a nice Animal Crossing substitute ((especially now that rather certain popular farming + dating simulator game has come out)), it's not half bad. It still needs quite a few things to have a nice polished feeling, but over the years and lots of free DLC and nice seasonal updates, it's changed a lot since the last time I've poked my head in.I haven't gotten waist-deep yet, but it's nice to have something that isn't counting down the seconds and forcing you to preplan your in-game days. It's a nice little collecting and decorating simulation with the option to quest.These are some recommendations I have for future development, some of which are already in development or been recognized by developers. But I'd still like to bring attention to them:-Villagers could have the same set spawns for their houses, but interchangable, which would give a slight illusion of ""random"" villagers. This would save the developers time considering it wouldn't be randomly placed homes that would cause obstruction of objects.-Multiplayer.-The chatroom feature of the mobile versions would make this game livelier. Perhaps having a minimizable, or completely optional, universal chatbox?-Footstep and dialogue sound effects would greatly enhance the immmersion of this game for me.-Seasonal fish and bugs, and overrall more variety.-Rainy days, and night and day cycle. In my eyes, this is one of the most immersive aspects of Animal Crossing and simulation games as a whole.-More music variety.-I know it's on it's way, but controller support.-More villagers would be nice!-Updated and less mobile-like UI. At times, actions can be unresponsive or finicky.-Being able to sit in chairs or lay in beds!Honestly, it's nice to mute the music ((since there's only one track seemingly)), put on an Animal Crossing playlist, and do the dailies, quests, cleaning up the island, fishing, etc. It's not too in depth and I would agree that it's an ""Animal Crossing lite"" of sorts. And while I've, like many others, mentioned the AC-title multiple times in this review, it does seem to stand on it's own.My TL;DR would be, if you can look through the rough, you might find a diamond, but it's still in the process of being polished. I like Castaway Paradise though!"
,Recommended,304950,19885512,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Popsackle,I really enjoy this game because I am a fan of the Animal Crossing series and we all know it is never coming to PC so this is a good substitute.
,Recommended,304950,18820416,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"A fine game, similar to Animal Crossing but not as good.The game is missing on content though especially for that price, I would not suggest it at full price neither at 50%.Unfortunately, I bought it at 50% (8.49 CAD).There is not enough content, the game is way too easy.Of course, Animal Crossing is easy too but it feels different, Animal Crossing is way better In my opinion.At least, there is no microtransactions like the Iphone version, the developer didn't add microtransactions on the PC version cause he probably knows that we, PC gamers hate microtransactions and overpriced DLCs so that's a plus.I'm giving this game a 6/10 but I would suggest to buy it when it will be 3$ or cheaper.If maybe there were more content, a bigger island or even more islands to visit, more characters, more items and more of pretty much everything, I would give this game a better rating.A map editor would also be welcome."
,Recommended,304950,23955187,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Silentbettie,Awesome game
,Recommended,304950,15935041,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ToadStoned,Works great on Windows with a large touch screen.
,Recommended,304950,20642537,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Practical Problems,Aka Pet Society and Country Story by Playfish+relaxing game+complete some quest+collect items+buy some items/clothes/furniture from shop+catch animals+take care of foods/flowers/treesAnd more.
76561198304117117,Recommended,304950,24272205,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,piranha,"I would recommend this game, but with definite caveats.I never played Animal Crossing or any Facebook games, and can therefore not compare.  But I find this extremely simplistic, and not intellectually stimulating at all.  It also doesn't have what I'd want from a farming game -- any amount of realism; it's just too easy:  rake the plot, drop some seed (if you don't have it you can buy it on the spot), sprinkle some water(can be annoying if you have the basic can and need to water tomatoes), and then wait a variable amount of time for your crop to grow so you can harvest it, or water it some more for a better yield. If you like playing with spreadsheets, you can do a simple analysis of what crops give you the most gems.  The fishing is random, you can to some degree affect the size of what you catch by what bait you use, but only vaguely determine what you catch, depending on what bait you use (but sometimes quests demand you catch a specific fish which becomes quite tedious).  There is no day/night cycle, there are no animals, nothing really happens, after the initial discovery phase it's very repetitive.  In a strange way that can be rather soothing, which explains why I racked up 30 hours.  ;)Then there are quests put to you by the island's inhabitants.  They are also very simplistic:  catch me a bug, deliver this package to this other person, grow me some flowers.  The quest AI is not smart, and it does not pay to be proactive about cleaning up the island -- broken stuff washes up on shore and weeds grow, and if you're like me you're on that stuff like white on rice, cleaning it up.  Ah, but then you get a quest to pull 5 weeds, and there are none left, and now you have to wait until the next day.  As you are getting close to having collected all shells, it does pay to clean up the beaches every day, because the number of items that spawn seem to take into account how much is already there.  So, can't win this one.The inhabitants are mildly amusing; there's Gustave, the french baker philosopher moose, Angus, the angry monkey, Viktoria, the self-important, pompous piglet mayor (reminds me a lot of Hyacinth Bucket from the British sitcom ""Keeping Up Appearances"" (oh ghods, this dates me, doesn't it; yes, I am older than dirt and still play video games!)) and others.  Gustave is my favourite, but the devs made an effort to give them all unique personalities (except for Polly, who has none) -- and the effort is clearly directed at adults because kids won't get the references.  The art is distinctive and appealing in its blocky cartoonishness; it's a pleasant game to look at.  The music on the other hand is horrible; I turned it off after a few minutes and have not turned it back on again.  There is an annoying bug when trying to move on one's farm plot, and a few typos, but the game runs smoothly otherwise; I've not had any crashes.The game is strangely unbalanced, I suspect because it was originally designed for micro transactions.  I was able to make veritable cactusloads of money right away by mass planting specific crops that paid way more than they should have -- when I went back into the game today, that seemed to be fixed (there goes my coconut plantation), but I am already richer than Croesus.  There is a large aspect of the game that doesn't interest me at all -- buying outfits for yourself and furniture for decorating your house -- if that's your thing, there is a lot of content.  It's not mine, I'd prefer to explore, but I have already unlocked every area, and there's no longer much replay value in the game for me.  I'm about to check out the free content, but unless that comes with extra islands, I'm probably done with the game.The devs seem very responsive in the game's Steam group, which is definitely a bonus, and they are releasing regular updates -- that alone deserves praise.So, recommended if this sounds like fun to you, when it's on deep discount.  But it's not magical or ground breaking in any way.  A cute little time waster.  Your small kids might love it."
,Recommended,304950,17729875,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Katabelle,"I love this game! Like Animal Crossing? You'll love this. There are you staple activities such as fishing and bug catching and for those Farmville players out there, there is also farming! Quests earn you XP and money (gems) so you can buy more stuff for your home! Once you reach level 15 you become a VIP and get new cool stuff and features. No pay to play!The only things I feel like are missing are day and night cycles. I like the challenge of catching certain bugs/fish at certain times or when I play at night having it to my computer's clock time instead of sunny day all the time.Hugs~Kat ♥"
76561198036906890,Recommended,304950,20972655,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,furinkat,For a casual game Castaway Paradise is a fun game to spend some time playing. The ability to change costumes and decorate your home is cool.  The new addition of earning badges as well as the changing of the seasons and celebrating certain events is a plus. I would recommend this game for those who just want to let the real world go by for a time and just have a relaxing good time.
,Recommended,304950,21488016,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jamskin,"I adore this game! Any Animal Crossing fan should give this a go. In fact, anyone who enjoys casual games that let you farm/collect should try it! It's still obviously a port from a mobile game, as the style very much still shows it... however having said that, it doesn't have a single restriction to it like a mobile game would. The game also gets constant updates and has a very responsive team working on it, so I'm sure there is more to come, even if it's only minor."
76561198206468300,Recommended,304950,19731946,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,EGBizarro,"This game is peace incarnate.  I can't help feeling absolutely relaxed playing Castaway.  After fighting off hoards of zombies from other games, I always end my day with a little gardening and tree shaking.  The dialogue is humorous, the graphics are colorful, and the characters are interesting. Play Castaway and you may never want to go back to the daily grind of real life."
76561198023653358,Recommended,304950,17639975,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Rotini Noodle,"Castaway Paradise is the kind of situation when you like Cap'n Crunch but the store you're shopping at has their own brand called Pirate Francis-O's. On the outside you have an unfamiliar and goofy looking character but on the inside is the same great taste but for less. It's a lot like Animal Crossing but there's nothing wrong with that. Unlike the mobile versions, there's NO IAP so everything is available to earn through regular gameplay. You are buying a complete game with no surprises, and there's even free DLC. I am really impressed with Stolen Couch bringing the game to Steam, as they could've let it linger on mobile platforms and fade into obscurity.All of the anthropomorphic-village-management hallmarks are present - catching bugs, collecting furniture, furnishing your house, gardening, running errands for villagers and so on. The quests villagers give you are addicting because you're rewarded a very generous amount of money and items. By doing these quests, you also earn EXP for your character which unlocks new stuff. There's a VIP status at level 15 which gives you multiple perks like unlimited tool use, exclusive items, etc. There's always a goal, something to do.If you're a fan of the AC series or Harvest Moon, there's no reason not to get this game. I got it on sale for 10 dollars and I don't regret it. I'd say it's worth the 15 dollars, however there are a few things that bug me that maybe will get implemented in the future. They are:-The lack of Daytime/Night cycles.-Rebuilding a Villager's house opens no new features and they never go inside their house.-Roped-in event sculptures are not movable. I like the summer sand sculptures but wish I had more say in where they can be placed. For instance, by rebuilding Angus' the construction workers house, I thought he'd allow me to move the sand sculptures for a price or something.-No online element, except a leaderboard when you catch fish/bugs/seashells.Those are the only minuses which are more immersion-breakers than anything. If issues like that were looked into and improved upon it'd make an already great game even better.As of writing, I'm 25 hours into the game and don't see myself stopping anytime soon. Despite being so easily comparable to other games, Castaway Paradise pulls things off with so much charm and addictive gameplay, who cares if it's like Animal Crossing? Great game, buy it, play it. If you'll excuse me, I gotta go deliver some stuff for Pirate Francis so he'll give me a UFO to put outside."
,Recommended,304950,18742953,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Sam Tyco,"This game really scratches my casual game itch.I can farm, fish, decorate, quest.Plus: the DLC are free. I mean, they could easily gone full EA with the DLC, but they didn't and I'm really glad about that. :)"
76561198194483365,Recommended,304950,17656050,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Glumy Cat,"This game is very fun in its own casual way.A lot of people have bee saying that this is similar to Animal Crossing,which is true,because there aren't many similar games on the PC.There is occasional waiting when planting and farming,but there is a lot else to do while everything is growing.It is nice to able to customize the island in one's own way."
,Recommended,304950,18776626,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,RabbitsPC,"This game is a lot like ""Animal Crossing"" but for PC. It lacks a few things that AC but it also brings some of it's own perks into it. For some, this may not be a game you wish to play constantly but it offers rewards for checking in daily and is definitely worth a daily pop in at minimum. The game is enjoyable, the characters sometimes have humorous lines and you have to unlock areas and there are hourly quests (5? each hour) that award you with prizes as you fill the bar. If you like ""Animal Crossing"" then this game is definitely worth the money."
76561198050029846,Recommended,304950,18805128,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Kykira,"Castaway Paradise is a fun, casual game, though, the fishing and bug catching can be stressful at times... It's very similar to Animal Crossing. So if you liked that game then you'll probably like this. But even if you haven't played Animal Crossing and it looks interesting you should give it a try. ^^"
,Recommended,304950,18846379,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Deadlycub1,"I've played for a while and dispute the UI being very 'mobile phony', the game is fun and quite addictive. I still don't like that you can access the catalog and buy anything from anywhere (making the shop redundant). But most of all I hate that the PC version of this game still has the VIP mode in it. Essentially if you play the game, when you reach level 15 you are awarded with a bunch of perks. The first perk being quite a lot of items which, although would be nice if you got one of two as a reward, is just too many for such a measly achievement. Another perk is that you have unlimited water in the watering can and infinite stamina for the pickaxe. I think this is stupid and completely takes the work and graft from the game. By that I mean, although it takes the same amount of work, it is much faster to do things which ruins the pacing of the game (and is also completely unnecessary for PC). It also give you a 20% discount from the shop and free items every week. This seems stupid and actually makes the items and gems in the games seem cheap and less desirable. I still recommend the game but I do wish that the developers take heed in the reviews and can make changes where necessary to ultimately improve the game and make it worth buying of PC without ramming a bunch of items and gems in our faces."
76561198042903004,Recommended,304950,17546470,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Ren,"I've been playing for a few hours, and I've got a good jist of the game. A lot of people will say that this game is similar to Animal Crossing, and I understand that, but I'd say it's more like a farming game where you have to buy those little gems, but instead of paying in little amounts you just pay up front. It's not necesarrily a bad game, but I feel like a lot of the reviews are misleading. Here's what I think of the game:Pros:- Very cute, similar to Animal Crossing in the sense that they are animals and you are the only human- Customisable town and character are great features, and you can ever put furniture outside- Good to play if you're bored, pretty addicting and time consuming- Rather than playing a ''''free'''' game and spending $10 which will get you one chair and a tree, you pay up front and all the VIP stuff is unlocked through levels, not real money- Regular quests are good and keep your game progressing- Most of the waiting times and buying prices are fair I'd say- Expanding your island is done through puzzle pieces from quests, not by saving up a buttload of gems- Most of the villagers are fun and unique, and the details are nice- Free DLCCons:- Moving around can sometimes be a bit hard, as your character seems to do stuff on it's own- Commands are done by clicking, and often you can do things accidentally because you thought you were on the right spot. RIP my flowers, I did not mean to dig you up- Very obvious that it's a phone game. That doesn't mean it's bad necessarily, but it felt like it just wasn't meant to be a PC game- Some ingame prices are a little bit much. I don't see why an acorn should cost me 5000 gems but a chair only costs 300- Considering it is pretty much just a phone game, I feel as if it's a little overpriced. Maybe tone it down by a few dollars- Settings were a bit of a mess. No way to turn the sound or music down, just off- Menus are a little hard to navigate. I kept accidentally doing stuff because that was the item my character was holding, or buried something important because that's what came up first- Music gets annoying after a while. Not nice and tropical like Animal Crossing, more like menu music that makes you want to quit the game if you listen for long enough- Story isn't too great. The first thing the mayor makes you do after you wash up on the shore after almost dying at sea is pick up rubbishThat being said, I'm going to give this game the benefit of being judged as a phone game rather than a PC game, just because I did enjoy it. It might be a little overpriced, and a little annoying at some times, I found myself pretty much addicted straight away and the customisation of the town was absoltely lovely. It didn't feel as nice and humble as Animal Crossing, but certainly a bit more interactive than something like farmville. It felt quite nice to play as a character in the world rather than just the overseeing god that controls everything, and walking around my nicely decorated town felt like an achievement. For a phone game the story was pretty alright, and the characters each had a unique charm to them. Plus it felt like unlocking things was worth it and all the work I put in made me feel like I'd actually accomplished something, rather than just paying $2.99 to have it finished for me. Not only that, but the amount of area to explore and the various quests made the game feel like you could play for days and still not be bored.If you are very lonely and have nothing better to do with your life like me, I highly suggest picking the game up if you don't mind paying a bit for it."
,Recommended,304950,17832838,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,briancarnell,This game helped me get over my fear of sea alligators.
76561198032582216,Recommended,304950,18810217,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Stiuck007,OMG so much fun.. If you like quests and lots of waiting till you got lots of coins. then its more quests and more gardening and more gardening and it just stops being fun. its then all work
,Recommended,304950,17763976,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,knobhead,i am making a garden of flowers i can run through. A+
,Recommended,304950,24642740,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,MDMA4breakfast,Fun/addictive game worth your time IF you enjoy games similar to Animal Crossing.The villagers don't have quite the personality as in AC but they still have a charm about them.The gameplay hook keeps you coming back.It's unfair for ANYone to expect this game to be EXACTLY like Animal Crossing/Harvest Moon/etc..It's good in it's own right.Definitely worth the time.Good on the developers.They ticked a box of nostalgia that isn't easy to find.:D
,Recommended,304950,20755762,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Panda Pedinte,"The first thing that caught my attention about Castaway Paradise was the clear inspiration it takes from Animal Crossing a serie that I always was interested but never played because I haven't owned a Nintendo system besides a NES clone.Castaway Paradise has a charming look, and in my opinion it's essential to a game like this and there are a lot of options regarding the customization of your character and the island, talking about the island customization there are various items you can buy to give your touch to the place. Each NPC's that inhabit the island has a different personality and the random dialogues make me smile mostly of the time because of how casual and silly they are.The NPC's also gives quests to you rewarding with items, gems, puzzle pieces and xp. The quests are very simple, like growing crops, delivering things to another NPC's, catching specifics bugs/fishes and so on. So it's perfect for that time you want a more casual thing to play. The game incentive you to logging everyday to receive awards like more customization packs, items and etc I'm not fond on it but in the end it doesn't bother me because the developers keep adding more and more content in the game, like seasonal events and theme packs all for free.In the end I'm having a positive experience with the game, it's fun, colorful and my young brother likes to play it with me so that's a huge plus for me. I recommend it."
,Recommended,304950,21983006,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Totouboros,"It's a funny quirky and lighter version of Animal Crossing!If you buy it on sale it is definitely worth the price!Edit: The devs have improved it even more, now it's actually worth even the full priceThe Developers update it all the time, add more features and are very active in the forums, listening to gamers and improving the game.About the game:You can practically do all what you could do in Animal Crossing:Fishing, catching bugs, shaking trees and collecting fruit from them, sell the stuff you find like fruit/shells/trash, plant flowers/trees, talk with the habitants of the island etc.But! This game also has more than just these features, Castaway Paradise offers more to discover and more challenges! You can do quests for the habitants and you can plant crops! That was previously not possible in Animal Crossing. You can grow the crops and sell them. You can also invest your money into stocks and sell them when they rise. You can improve the buildings and bridges of the island with your earned money. You can also pay off your own house and unlock more rooms which you can then decorate with interesting furniture.The developers have added lots of different theme packs for furniture/flowers/clothing/fences and other furniture for outside the house.All in all this game is interesting and you can unlock a lot of stuff by playing for a while and earning experience points and money! Though it gets repetitive after a long while (about 35 hours in), but if you look into it every day/every other day to finish the daily quests and get some rewards you can easily keep the interest up and even get all achievements!(That's me saying that, and i usually get bored very fast if a game is repetitive!)Try the game, it's very fun, especially if you like decorating or doing short quests and unlocking more things for your character/ to decorate your island!"
,Recommended,304950,25390725,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Kid Icarus,"A great casual game that I or my 8 yr old can pick up and have fun with. No fear or death or starvation, just you, your island, and the NPCs. Complete some quests, do some farming or go fishing, all to earn experience and money. Once you're rich castaway, spend your hard earned money to decorate your island, your house or yourself any way you see fit. Sit back relax and enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,304950,17480543,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,jdbserasera,I found this game completely by chance and I'm really glad I did. If you like games like Animal Crossing then you'll really enjoy this game too. Just without the expensive price tag. :)
,Recommended,304950,17519732,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,GloriousYuri,too bad i cant kill angus
,Recommended,304950,17735056,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,StarscReen,"I definitely recommend this game!If you like Animal Crossing you'll probably like this. There'll be many instances where you think ""compared to Animal Crossing it falls a bit short here."" but all in all it's still a great game and a cheaper alternative to Animal Crossing.Cons:- farming is fun for a while & it's a good way to make money but it gets boring fast- you can't do much with the crops you harvested, except for selling them- Quests can get boring & repeat itself after a while. Sometimes they are a bit annoying, e.g. when you get the quest to pick up some trash and you picked up all the trash on the island some minutes before. You'd have to wait one day (in real time) until there's new trash.- still a few bugs here and there, most of them can be ignored but sometimes things like accidentally buying the wrong crops happen- the catalogue is confusing sometimes (in my opinion)- you can't put furniture or anything else on a tile where you put something like a poster on the wallPros:- at least 20-40 hours of fun (if not even more) for 15$- lots of things to do (plant flowers/trees, harvest crops, unlock different parts of the island, decorate, catch bugs/fish, collect shells, repair villagers' houses, do quests...)- the stock market is fun, although there's not much to it- you can decorate the whole island- many different kinds of furniture and decorations- many different kinds of crops, flowers and trees- unlock new content through daily login rewards- get rewards through daily quests- the devs work constantly to fix bugs and put in new content (I reported a bug and got an answer on the same day, a few days later the bug was fixed!)- the devs listen to the players and take suggestions seriouslyNeutral:- there is no day/night cycle yet but the devs said they are working on it- after ~20 hours (maybe even less) you'll have all the fish and bugs (and almost all of the shells) in the museum, so there won't be any new ones to catch unless the devs put in new content"
76561198212427648,Not Recommended,304950,21238125,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,bluetaurus,"I've had my eye on this game for a while, given it's so much like Animal Crossing. In fact, that's what people are constantly comparing it to. I was excited to get it on sale for like five bucks, but...that excitement didn't last long. I had most of the island unlocked within a day of playing, and after that, things get very repetitive.Pros:* It is a lot like Animal Crossing, which is nice because it's a familiar gameplay mechanic. You run errands for the other villagers (quests,) catch bugs and fish to sell (or donate to the local museum,) and scavenge fruit and washed-up shells.* You never run out of quests, whereas in Animal Crossing it can be very hard to get the villagers to give you errands.* You can also farm crops, which is pretty neat.* Very intutive interface, so there's no 'oops that was the wrong button' moments.* Nice graphics that don't seem to take much to run--my computer is a joke and I've never once seen this game lag.* I like that, the more you play, the more furniture packs you unlock. It's also nice because you get additional prizes for logging in every week.* There's a banking/stock market system which, while simple, is pretty fun.* You can unlock other villagers, and the developers are pretty good about adding DLC packs, which, as far as I can tell, are always free.Now for the bad part...Cons:* You run out of stuff to do ridiculously fast. Once you unlock the other parts of the island, is pretty disappointing to realize that there aren't any more.* There aren't very many villagers, which is a disappointing. I think the most you can get is six, and that's including a DLC that you have to download.* There aren't many fish or bugs, although I think the devs are working on adding more.* Your house is pretty small, even when you unlock all the areas of it.* Although I laughed when I read another reviewer saying that the character interactions lack depth when compared to Animal Crossing, it's actually true. In AC, when you talked to a villager, it could be engaging or at least funny. Castaway's Paradise interactions are kinda bland. Also, there are several typos in the dialogue, which is pretty cheap in a game that costs 15$. And they're stupid types like confusing 'to' with 'too.'* The island's pretty small, with not much to explore.* There are ships off the pier that have no purpose--maybe the devs are planning on makng it where you can visit other islands?*Timing seems to be unbalanced. It takes ten minutes to upgrade a neighbor's house, but 24 hours to grow an Artichoke to full size.* Given that the furniture in your house can't be interacted with at all, it makes decorating kind of boring and pointless.* Villagers can't move out and be replaced, and the buildings are in awkward spots.* There's no weather/day/night cycle, which seems a little cheap  considering the game's potential.* The statues all over town are in the absolute worst spots.* The villagers' quests can be contradicting. One asks you to plant four flowers, the next asks you to dig up six.* The music is a little annoying.* And this would have to be my biggest criticism--the price. I got it for five bucks, which, yeah, that's a good price, considering it's worth about seven. But this game's full price is $15 dollars. Honestly, it's not worth that. I may change my mind if the devs ever add new content, but as it stands, this game is full of untapped, overpriced potential that leaves the player wondering 'why am I even playing this if I'm this bored?'2/5 Stars."
,Recommended,304950,17728114,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,✘GreedoShotFirst✘,"Great Animal-Crossing alternative for PC gamers. Offers similar gameplay mechanics suchs as fishing, farming, shopping, socializing with townspeople, etc. Recieves free DLC and updates on occassions and the developer communicates well regarding upcoming features, fixes and addresses and listens to feedback actively. Most importantly, no microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It seems worthy of a purchase as the features of the Free to play alternative hidden behind a paywall are NOW available to ALL via the reward system by simply progressing through the game on the Steam (PC) version. Not a cent to pay outside of the game's initial asking price.However, if I had to point out a negative, I'd say the game suffers to a great bit from repetitive quest system, which is used as a method of introducing and advancing the world for the player (you earn rewards, such as gems, in-game currency, to pay to build, unlock the rest of the island and other cosmetic items - no microtransactions!), despite the fact I think that, in theory, this is a nice system of rewarding the player and ensuring a longer playthrough of the game, the quests themselves are repetitive fetch quests and lack any originality and become somewhat tiresome. I feel these could be renovated with more variety to create a more diverse experience by introducing more varied objectives and a deeper backstory to help aid the quest system and maybe offer more depth to the world and characters, to help make them stand out further and help ease the player through and motivate them to care about completing these objectives for the character instead of doing it for gems (or optionally skipping WITH paying gems).I definitely think the game could stand to take more notes from Animal Crossing. This is a great game at the moment, but still lacks the depth by comparison and I think needs to add more dynamic to the island and it's characters, such as characters moving out and in to the town, weather system, day/night system, and other dynamic features as it will eventually become stale once you've completed played through enough of the games current content and a few changes here and there might work well enough to hold you on for a bit longer.Nevertheless, the developer has promised to add more features and fixes to the game and listens to feedback. Maybe this review will even help. Who knows? I am still pleased with the game, despite it's flaws and missing features by comparison to Animal Crossing and hope that in time it grows to become a worthy competitor and offer even more depthful gameplay mechanics.It's a cute, fun game and it does the majority of what it does well, but could stand to make the game better as it has massive potential for more."
76561198147512930,Recommended,304950,17776660,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Mikeasaurus,"If you like Animal Crossing, you will like this game, however...Animal Crossing would technically be the one I would be more likely to pick up after playing this game. That's not to say this game is bad, far from it! However, this game seems more suited to be a Facebook or Tablet game than a Steam game.You play as a boy or girl character who has washed up on an island inhabited by Animals. You are given a tent, and told to live life on the island. Similar to most openings of Animal Crossing. The gameplay involves your character performing tasks around the island on a Stamina based timer. Now, this isn't a bad thing, as it makes you feel the need to come back later and do more tasks, however, the Questing system which usually involves you doing these same tasks, is VERY repetitive. You will be given a task like: Farm 3 items, or Collect X Items. This let's the game down in my view, as this really doesn't offer much variety.Tasks you can perform can range from Fishing to Farming. Fishing, Bug Catching and Farming are your 'Money makers', but don't expect to roll in the cash instantly. Farming is on a timer, similar to Farmville or similar Farming Apps. Fishing and Bug Catching relies on the game spawning  random insect on the island for you to catch. Same for Fishing. Fruit can be grown on trees, which again, is on Timers. You can donate Bugs, Fish and now Shells to the Museum (Once the bridge is built and you pay to rebuild the Museum) for fun, much like AC. You can rebuild Villager homes, but... This really served no purpose in my views. Some quests you are given seem to cost MORE to complete, yet, you can pay to skip the quest with your game currency and save thousands on the costs of items you had to buy. Overall, the game gets very repetitve and becomes boring, but again, this is only an opinion. Would I recommend this game? Yes. This game does have it's qualities and can be fun to return to daily, but until more content is added, there is very little to do once you have experienced everything. 7/10"
76561198039758306,Recommended,304950,17766642,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,CorukoBardo,"Even if the game is still in constant evolution (bug fixes and addons), so far it's already a great, fun life sim.It feels a lot like My Sims and Harvest Moon mainly, where you live in a determined scenery rather than a randomly generated one, with its set of characters instead of alternating villagers. Also, you have an experience meter that levels up by solving quests given by the characters or doing simple chores like pulling weeds, breaking rocks, planting flowers, trees or vegetable seeds; the more you level up the more you unlock goods and even other parts of the island. But there's also plenty of Animal Crossing ""touches"" there, like anthro animal villagers, several themed clothing pieces and furnitures or a wide selection of bugs and fish to catch and sell, donate to a museum or use any other way you like.But of course, the game has its own identity. The mouse + keyboard control is practical and works wonderfully. The game is filled with great humor, with lots of popular culture allusions too. One of the strongest points is the indoors and outdoors cutomizing freedom: the majority of the items and collectibles there are not limited for use only in a certain place. Too bad you can't interact with them (so far, maybe).Bottomline, a worthy title for life sim or just casual gamers."
,Recommended,304950,30870651,Posted: 1 April,all,Aikomi Junpei,"Bought the game for $5, already played 1.5 hours in my first sitting and the only reason I'm quitting now is cause I need to sleep to be a regular functioning memeber of Socity.Getting $5 (5 hours of non-forced entertaining gameplay) out of this game will be cake.Aka, Negative reviews you may officially consider yourselves ignored.Couple things I noticed for the Devs:1. I had a Fish swimming around literally in the sand on the beach. Thought it was you know, physically impossible but hey, if a fish wants t swim through sand, what'cha gonna do right?2. When entering buildings my character did clip through the doors, not a big issue, I can live with being a ghost :D3. Casting your fishing line is well... difficult? I can't really dictate which direction or how far out I want my line to go.That's all I've seen so far, I'll add more ""bugs"" as I run into them :DI'd love to see this game's developement evolve!I do get what people are saying about the whole ""It's under delovped because it's not Animal Crossing"" thing... but at the same time, is it really fair to be comparing you to someone with the size and fanbase of Nintendo?"
,Recommended,304950,20338423,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Scott Alan Miller,"As a father of two girls, ages four and seven, I am always on the look out for awesome games on Steam that they are going to enjoy and that we are happy to have them play.  Castaway Paradise is a real winner.  Both girls love it and have lots of fun.  One of the best things about it is that it is so completely different from the general selection of games that they have available to them.  This broadens their Steam gaming range.  This is a rare find and perfect for kids.  The non-violent, casual gameplay is fun and entertaining and one of our favourite games for them to choose to play.  Highly recommended.Biggest Negative: All dialogue is text, not audio.  So the four year old needs someone to read everything to her and the seven year old struggles with some of it.  If the dialogue was all voice acted it would take the game up another notch."
,Recommended,304950,17513409,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,[xG:A] TheSupremePatriot,"The game is a cute game, easily relatable to Animal Crossing, but it's kind of slow, the graphics arent as high quality as I was hoping for.May get it again if there ever is a UI improvement."
76561197964665789,Recommended,304950,17723218,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Wholley Seasons,"What to say aboutCastaways Paradise.Well first it's not paradise, this poor little island has it share of problems but that doesn't mean it's not a fun and educational place to live.Starting off, awaking on a beach covered with seaweed is definitely no the way to start a day, but don't worry, Viktoria helps you get started, after all she is the current mayor of this place. Now that's a nice person, she grabs a old tent and bang you have a place to live (and decorate). You have so many other characters around, Gustave, Amelia, Angus, Francis and many others, but the storm that caused you to be shipwrecked also tore up the island. Can you show your spirit and help get things back in order? Sure you can!!Castaways Paradise is a fun little game for all ages. It gets it base playability from Animal Crossing Genre. All the characters you interact with are a animal of some sort. Each of course with their own unique personality, and each with a TON of jobs that need to be done. Of course since you the new resident you decide to help them. The jobs may be as simple as pulling up weeds and planting crops or flowers. To fishing and catching bugs, and collecting Seashells.There is even a museum that can be accessed (after you repair the bridge) to help start making collections of these items, so the residents of the island can enjoy looking at all the varieties (and there are a lot)So much to do, So many seasons...what you say, seasons? Yes the game actually changes over time as the real world calander progresses.The developer has made this a specific point that this version of the game hasNO MICROTRANACTIONS.So no additional cash layout for the base game. Another thing is that since the game has been released the developers have released not one, not two, but FOUR (so far) totallyFREE DLCpacks for this game (with more on the way).Show me another developer that has done that. Once you get to level 15 in the game you become the coveted V.I.P.With this status you now get even more FREE goodies plus have access to a larger area of your house and can purchase (with in game gems) special items that V.I.P.'s only can get. Oh by the way, did I mention that for just playing the game each day you get FREE stuff, and with V.I.P. status you get special stuff free each week.Well this game gets my THUMBS UP. Hopefully you will agree, So join us and see."
76561198169833314,Recommended,304950,31867751,Posted: 20 May,all,penguins4,fun game lost more people should get it ik it is not worth 9.99 but either way it is still awesome
,Recommended,304950,20262886,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,caelumsixsmith,"+ Quite a lot of content+ Decent level of customization+ Easy to get into+ Despite having a tutorial, it doesn't hold your hand all the way through+ Charming+ Different ways to make money+ Free updates- Lacks day and night cycle- Fixed villagers and village layout- Although decent enough, character customization could be better- No multiplayer- One tune for the whole game- Doesn't translate well to PCsVerdict: Castaway Paradise is the best (if not only) poor man's Animal Crossing, which is not a bad thing imho. Is not as quirky and downright adorable as its source of inspiration, but it has a charm of its own that works well enough. One of the main problems is that it was originally developed for smartphones, so the PC port doesn't translate well with its interface and timed actions. It doesn't have microtransactions at all and all of its updates are entirely free, which says a lot about the development team. Worth the price if you can understand that it's not meant to be the next Animal Crossing, but rather a charming tribute with enough cotent to keep you coming back."
,Recommended,304950,16119317,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,anibaby565,this game is so much fun. the only thing is i wish you could cancel or delete a quest and pick up a new one cause some times you get stuck with a quest and you cant do anything with it. like the catch a specific fish ones that some times i have for days with nothing so yea. maybe for a future update.
76561198232860112,Recommended,304950,32066205,Posted: 30 May,all,TheVipster,great game just what you need after a long day. or just want to have a little fun.i love this game 10 out of 10.
,Not Recommended,304950,20735054,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,jestrick,"This is an obvious mobile port made for touch screens. An obvious copy of Animal Crossing.It's amazing that not even partial controller support is present, given the type of play. However, there is enough charm and busywork here to look past that.The world is charming, and there is enough to do. It's geared toward casual gamers, and should serve them fairly well. It's funny that you can't customize your character in the beginning, yet there is a ton of customizing everything later on.Versus the price point of under 5 bucks (I bought it on sale) I would give it a thumbs up. Versus the 14 bucks it normally is? I'd say it's iffy. And yes, I do include the price point in considering my review. I think it matters.Overall this is a borderline time waster for me. Great for casuals, and a ""cute"" family friendly world.But for an obvious mobile port, how about we get an obvious mobile price? That's the shame."
76561198023555368,Not Recommended,304950,22023231,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,comp9,"The developers have said controller support is ""planned"" and coming ""within weeks"" for almost 2 years. This was when several were wondering if they should buy the game because they play mainly on a TV with a controller. It seems like controller support isn't really planned, they just realized saying it meant a few extra sales.Mar 2016 Update: They say controller support may be out in about two months.Aug 2016 Update: About two months ago they stated it's about one year off (again).Feb 2017 Update: It's still coming out ""soon"".Apr 2017 Update: Last month they posted a screenshot and said v3.0 (with controller support) is still on the way.Aug 2017 Update: A beta DLC for controller support is finally out. It still needs a lot of work but it's looking like they may finish controller support after all. Still wait to buy if you're interested in using your controller. I'll keep you posted."
76561198171250553,Not Recommended,304950,31345935,Posted: 24 April,all,jparks1312,"Too much like a mobile game, where you must wait to complete actions. Waste of money."
,Not Recommended,304950,32838468,Posted: 26 June,all,cadist14,"So this is a great idea for a town builder, but the movement is ridiculous. Not for me, pestered me too much, but I'm sure someone likes it. Essentially animal crossing in block form."
76561197986914624,Recommended,304950,17631326,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,jac,"This is such a relaxing , casual, addicting, pleasant game!I recommend it to everyone of all ages!"
,Recommended,304950,20806307,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Duke Cybran (Never-ending CF,"9/10 AmazingPro's+Cute characters and lively design.+By completing quests, you can explore the isle and discover stories of those lovely islanders.+Planting, shopping, marketing, decorating, bugging, collecting... You can do them all here!+Euphonious game music.+Refreshing graphics.+The developer is forever thinking of doing more for the game.Con's-Non-fatal bugs may occur whatever you do in game.-For pc, mouse operation is a bit problematic when there're multiple interactions in one object."
,Recommended,304950,17979222,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,misterobsolete,"Quite a lot of fun. I never got big into Animal Crossing when I was little cause my dog chewed up my copy before I could play it and I didn't have money to replace it. Although, this game is pretty enjoyable. There never seems to be a lack of things to do. I kinda wish I didn't pay $15 for it, but the free DLC and no IAP helps make up for it. I give it a solid 7.5/10."
76561198055336722,Recommended,304950,17726594,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,theCorpse78,"A fun game to play.  It has loads of different styles and items for players to choose from for designing the inside of the house to customizing your character, what you plant and grow, and catch.  Also has ton's on job/quests for players to do.Also if a person is having problems with the game the developers of the game will assist you in trying to solve the problem your having.If you like the Harvest Moon styles of games then this is the right game for you."
,Recommended,304950,17964171,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,[D0D] Aozz101x,"Not bad for an Animal Crossing clone, kinda stinks that you have get VIP at a higher levels, but it's worth of getting things like that ;)"
76561198217343995,Recommended,304950,18555978,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,thisisjustasaga,This game is freaking awesome! I have only been playing for an hour and I'm hooked!  From what I have seen so far there are constant quests coming from the NPCs and I'm eager to complete them. They have been pretty easy so far but it's probably because I am in the early stages of the game. I have been looking for a game like this (building/farming/customization/quests etc) for a while now and I can tell you that it is 100% worth the £10 (or whatever it is in $) and you won't be disappointed!100/10 would recommend for all ages!
76561198045106693,Recommended,304950,17726767,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,chissy05,"If you love Animal Crossing like I do, you will adore this game."
,Recommended,304950,17965996,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,cosyCloud,UPDATED REVIEW================I still feel the same about the game. But like I say in my videos - I am still playing it. Unfortunately there is only Yes or No when it comes to reviews. If I were to give it a numbr value it would be about a 5.5 out of 10.OLD REVIEW================I loved Animal Crossing. It was a neat little game. This game seems to take all the annoying parts of that game expand on them. It takes so long to get anywhere. Hours and hours.The NPC's get stuck on the inaccessible sides of the island so you have to restart and hope they end up back were you can access them and get your reward. To unlock the other parts of the island you have to get puzzle pieces. This would be fine if you received puzzle pieces every time or even every other time you complete a task.And you have to unlock all these different places. It just seems to drag on.I thought I would try the Facebook version to see if it were a little more faster paced. But I couldn't load it in Chrome and when I tried to run it full screen on my little Windows tablet in IE it choked.
76561198041469488,Recommended,304950,19136662,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Sanctified,"This is a game that keeps on giving. While I wouldn't directly compare it to Harvest Moon, as Harvest Moon is far more intricate in the relations between characters, this game is friggin' addictive. My boyfriend got this for me while he plays Fallout and it's a real awesome timesink.There's simply SO much to do. Farming, fishing, bug collecting, trash clean up, decorating quite literally everything, quests, dailies... It's wonderful. I also love the seasonal change, the daily rewards... It's great that the devs are also so active in the community boards and seem so responsive to player feedback.All in all, this is a fantastic purchase and I'm lookin' forward to the Winter seasonal items. It's a game you can play for hours or sporadically throughout the day. Either way. :3"
76561198048110247,Recommended,304950,27598791,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KappaKween,"I learned that this game is interfaced for cell phones but was brought to the PC. I don't feel that this harms the experience though. There are some things that I feel are fairly fluid that would seem difficult on a mobile device. Anyway, the game itself lends an Animal Crossing-esque feel without being an exact duplicate. The tasks you do in this game can actually be rather helpful to your progression and it is pretty fun to try to unlock new areas and entrances to said areas. Personally I feel the farming aspect is obsolete rather quickly and is really only there for task reasons but outside of that I think the game is splendid for the price."
76561197993780180,Recommended,304950,27720467,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,rpgarcher,"it's fun.  It does what it sets out to do very well.  Nothing in this game is going to blow your socks off, but it all holds together."
76561198072005968,Recommended,304950,28084001,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,nightmaresky,If you like animal crossing and farming sims then you'll enjoy this game. It gets really addicting.
,Recommended,304950,28311491,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,BobTheBob,"I have played this game on Ios, Android and PC. So I have clocked in many more hours between these platforms than indicated above and throughly enjoy them all. As, I love Animal Crossing, Harvest Moon, StarDew Valley and those types of games this game fit in pretty well. Its a time consumer for sure and you will get lost in all the things you can do."
,Recommended,304950,23445835,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,❂~-~_~david bowie~_~-~ 🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴,very good game not that it is perfect but most issues are solved on the steam release and i can say it has some very nice gameplay but the biggest issue is that you get discouraged before you reach the level in which you get alot of free benifits if you are going to force yourself to play this is a good buy.
76561198206566752,Recommended,304950,24798721,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Sapphi,"What a pleasant game!  I'm a fan of animal crossing & harvest moon, so this game was right up my alley!  Love the leisurly pace.  I wouldn't recommend this to hard-core gamers though as you can't actually blaze through it, most activities have a wait time, so it's more suited to casual play styles.  Thumbs up from me!"
,Recommended,304950,23344284,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,necromaster,Best game ever for my 5 year old daughter
,Recommended,304950,20781474,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Alucifer,"I would recommend this game to any avid Animal Crossing player. With a Wind Waker-esque art style, Castaway Paradise is very similar to the gameplay that Harvest Moon & Animal Crossing has to offer ~ I`ve played this a bit & already really enjoy the game. I bought this on sale, well knowing it`s a Facebook game that was brought over to Steam & given achievements, which are really just an added feature to really give you a goal & reason to play. It`s really not for everyone, but it`s definitely something I`ve found I can enjoy & run on my laptop when I`m up at night with nothing to do ~ c:"
,Recommended,304950,20529659,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,coldstone101,"I could play this game for hours an I didfun game it you love doing odd jobs for people, clothes , having a home and finding thing"
76561198074084469,Recommended,304950,20156449,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,kittybubblez,"As their description says, if you like Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon you'll probably like this game. The simplicity of it is very relaxing while the choices are exciting.I found myself absorbed in completing quests while trying to earn money so I could plant pretty flowers.The characters I've met so far are funny with their own little quirks, and the shops give you the option to purchase anything at your character level. Something I love since Animal Crossing could get a little irritating with weeks going by as you searched for that last piece of furniture to finish your collection."
,Recommended,304950,24312367,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,kiriux,"This is a fun little game for fans of things like Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon.  You can customize your character in lots of different ways, and decorate your house.  You can plant trees, grow crops like flowers, fruits and vegetables, and fish.  There are bugs and shells to collect.  The EXP system is nice and easy enough to level up, and I REALLY like the daily bonuses, which let you earn points doing tasks and reset every 2 hours with new options.My only negative experiences so far are with the fishing's lack of tutorial, or really any instructions at all.  I spent a good ten or fifteen minutes to figure out.  You just drag the lure where you want it to go, click the icon, and wait for a bite.  You do not need to click to get the fish on the hook.  Then click the bobber icon when it goes back into the green area.Certain parts of the game run like those ""Resource Management"" games from Facebook like Farmville and Dragon Vale, where you need to wait certain amounts of Real Time to be able to harvest and unlock things.  I wish some things were more automated, as well, like clicking to ""bloom"" flowers after their timer runs down, or trees to spawn their fruits, or crops to grow to their next stage.  Too many of these timer or checkmark icons on the screen causes the game to lag."
76561198056112298,Recommended,304950,17690188,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,cazpirouet,"Well all I can say is thank gawd I'm on a week off from work, started this little gem at 2am on Monday monring and well there went my first nights sleep, 7hrs straight without so much as a coffee break *ARGH* :D   Totally loving this little game, just up my alley, farming, fishing, collecting and questing Yippee!!  Well done devs for the lack of bugs and crashes, such a refeshing change for a game to run without hitches these days.  Am not disappointed with the money spent on this game at all, and really love the free DLC's that's a nice touch again devs *tip my hat to you kind Sirs*.  Look forward to losing many more hours of sleep whilst on hols this week to this title and I can't think of anything better to do with my time (disabled, housebound gamer so not really much else for me to do these days but work and game) :D:D"
,Recommended,304950,17382078,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ddcd246,The game is otherwise an awesome game!The only complain I have is that there is a lack ofday and night cycle and the HUD is a bit too big.Other than that the game is definitely worth the price
,Recommended,304950,17166790,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Jenni,"It's a pretty cute and fun little game.If you are looking for an Animal Crossing-like game for the PC, look no further. This game has both the bug-catching and fishing elements, as well as a farming element which is quite enjoyable as well. Although some of the character and town customization options aren't exactly up to par, they do have quite a nice selection of things to choose from. The only downside is that after a certain point, the only way to unlock some of these things are to continue playing ie: logging in every day/week, and after you have run out of things to do it is hard to keep up with it.Once you reach level 15 you have unlocked VIP features, which opens up access to a lot of different items but also limits your incentive to keep playing. I do still like to pop in every once in a while because I really appreciate how the developers keep updating the game. The villager designs are also incredibly adorable even if they are very few of them.Overall, it was worth the price with the amount of time I've invested in it. It is a great PC alternative to Animal Crossing and an excellent casual game to kill some time with."
,Not Recommended,304950,27627241,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,pretty__monster,This feels more like a facebook game rather than something you pay money for as a completed game.
,Recommended,304950,18471467,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Pastell,"Now, note that I am from a background of obsessive Animal Crossing playing. And I can sincerely say I might like this game better. The student has become the master. While the game is no where near complete, (and never will be) it is a wonderful expirence. All I can say is buy this game now. You won't be disappointed."
76561198139640028,Not Recommended,304950,30246151,Posted: 28 February,all,Little Friend,"-------------> you shouldnt buy CASTAWAY PARADISE when you expect it to be like ANIMAL CROSSING because its really not as good as it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I like the idea of CASTAWAY PARADISE and i was very euphoric at the beginning because it reminded me of my childhood back when i was playing ANIMAL CROSSING every day on my nintendo ds and was working on my village but simply because i feel like im done with the whole game already even though i just leveled up to level 24 im going to stop playing it for now because unfortunately its not that fun anymore and i got disappointed too oftenCONS- you cant save any of your money at a bank so you always have all of your money with you which leads to the risk of spending too much of it too early on unecessary items- ive collected all fish, bugs, shells after like a week already- the animals arent good/cute looking even though they probably supposed to do so- every time you level up you unlock new items such as new hair styles, wallpapers, flowers etc, so i was looking forward to level up every time because i expected to unlock new and especially BETTER items than before but i got disappointed pretty much every time because for example the floors/wallpapers etc look all the same and not that good- you can sell pretty much everything except for clothes and hair styles which you dont want anymore or even never wanted at all and that sucks because if you dont want them you dont want to have them and want to sell them to get some useful money- to build/upgrade bridges you have to collect puzzle pieces which you can receive after absolving various quests, but the silly thing is that when you dont need any of them anymore you still receive them and cant sell them for instance, which makes them turning into useless rewards- you cant open letters you actually had to deliver to others which was always fun in animal crossing tbh i loved how they got angry when i opened deliveries- there are always the same animals living on the island and you cant make them move out so that other animals can live on the island instead- a multiplayer doesnt exist, visiting each others villages would be pretty cool and maybe even complete quests together- the maximum of rooms your house can have is 3 (1 big + 2 small ones like srsly)- repetitive- fastPROS- daily challenges which allow you to do various quests and receive rewards such as money or items you cant buy yet because you havent reached the need higher level yet- money making isnt way toooo hard- reaching the next level isnt toooo hard or time taking- may not be too important but i just love how the clock is just the same like the one the player has irl, for example the clock in the game turns 8pm in the same exact sec as the one irl does- daily changes on the island such as garbage at the beach or weed or rocks or spiderwebs- if you dont want to execute a quest you can just pay some money and its done- not too important either but you can change the windows in your house"
,Recommended,304950,32181651,Posted: 4 June,all,Haili,Something relaxing to play on a rainy day
76561198002414094,Not Recommended,304950,16332492,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Stager,"The premise had potential - who wouldn't want Animal Crossing on PC? - but instead this'll be my first time using the Steam refund request. Make no mistake, the microtransactions may be gone, but this still feels like a mobile free-to-play game in every way. Worse though, is that it seems like a game that was designed for iPad in Unity and then someone just hit the ""build for Windows"" button: poorly optimized and with controls/UI that are clearly intended for a touch interface, but now have you emulating finger swipes with your mouse."
76561198142537556,Recommended,304950,17063244,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Emily,"Enjoyed Animal Crossing: City Folk in the past and I found this clone to be a lot of fun as well. Had to turn off the music quickly though, because the game only has one music track. Problem is, now that I have reached VIP level and unlocked everything on the island, there is no reason for me to go back. Don't care about filling in the museum 100% or putting silly stuff in my house or on the island. Bottom line: the game has around 20 hours of questing and unlocking stuff, I think that's reasonable for the asking price."
,Not Recommended,304950,24901319,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Lora Rolla,"I read the reviews for this and bought it on sale. Even on sale I feel I paid too much. I can't imagine someone would pay 15 dollars for this and be satisfied.The visual style of the game is hideous to me, but I figured I would get over that if it's enjoyable. I mean, I enjoy Minecraft. I'll leave the looks of the game as something subjective. The content of the game though, that's a total cash grab.You already pay 15 dollars, but everything appears to have a paid option, and VIP status and timers. Even in your house, you go inside your tent and there's a giant roped off area telling you you can live there if you get VIP. You go into the menus and everywhere it's telling you to become VIP. I already bought the game.The gameplay is painfully slow, a little clunky feeling. The UI feels unintuitive, the characters are incredibly bland, I was turned off immediately by every single aspect of the game. When I looked over the negative reviews I saw this was originally Free to play FB/Mobile game, and it all made sense.Don't pay 15 dollars for this game.Edit: There actually are no microtransactions in this game. Rather, they adapted the VIP system from the mobile title. So there's simply writing everywhere claiming things are locked behind a VIP system, and telling you to become VIP."
,Recommended,304950,23440457,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Morb - Achievementmode,"Bought this in a drunken mood for some achievementhuntingThis game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ just as me for buying it, but easy achievements so that's an upside and the reason why I'll recommend it.I would only recommend to play it while you're high or drunk.If you're a minor, ignore what I said and stay in school"
76561198056264118,Recommended,304950,33318540,Posted: 6 July,all,amgoad,Really good casual game when you need to destress. Like Harvest moon but much lighter version
,Recommended,304950,30937677,Posted: 4 April,all,Jim_Be_Da_Bob,"Great casual game! Reminds me of Harvest Moon mixed with Animal Crossing. They provide daily and weekly perks, which keep me coming back from time to time to get the rewards. Invested a surprising amount of hours into it!"
,Recommended,304950,17416059,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Cheerilee,i really love this game super find its like ainamle  crossing and it's pretty funny too :)
76561198147746863,Not Recommended,304950,21868551,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Kewkie,"This game is not fun at all, you pay for a game that you have use real life time to do a lot of the stuff. You can't change much, and to be honest it's quite ugly. Im very unimpressed with this game which i was super hyped for when i saw it. I have played enough time to know that this is seriously not a game worth buying. Especially if you want and easy flowing, questing, building world game."
,Not Recommended,304950,20702189,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ALG513,WAY 2 much clicking
,Recommended,304950,22225543,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,brotatofarm,"If you're looking for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Animal Crossing knockoff you've come to the right place. I mean this in the best way: this is a great game to just turn your brain off and relax to. It won't be your favorite game ever, but it sets out to be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Animal Crossing knockoff, and boy does it succeed. That's the main reason why I'm recommending. It's not often these days I feel that you get a game that is exactly what it says on the tin, nothing more nothing less, and I can hella respect that.My only real outstanding praise would probably be towards the fact that I have not seen ANY recycled dialogue or quests from the villagers. They have unique personalities and they don't say the same thing over and over again, and sometimes they're even funny.Don't buy this unless it's on sale though, for the love of god."
76561198261911814,Recommended,304950,19929986,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Tnangel,"Awesome game, has alot of promise although some things are a little hard to ""tell"" what they are? Needs some kind of guide maybe, not sure if they have one or not but would help.  Def worth buying and playing !"
76561198114137765,Recommended,304950,19991904,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kcoffee,I really like this game. It reminds me a lot of Animal Crossing.
,Recommended,304950,19979464,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TerrorsOfNightlife,"I'm sure it's been said before, but if you love Animal Crossing, this is your game!"
,Recommended,304950,22295415,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,King Murdoc Lord of the squishy,if you like animal crossing games but only like the day time of the game you'll like this :)
76561198256389334,Not Recommended,304950,34747754,Posted: 4 September,all,BearCosta,"If you liked animal crossing or harvest moon, you still may not like this game (I own both ac and hm).  Controller support beta is just that.. a beta, if you want to use a controller, wait until the bugs are worked out or beware of freezes and general annoyance from not being able to perform an activity.  There is no motivation in the game..  you unlock things quickly and easily.  I don't care for grinding my days away, but make it seem like you did something  to earn items?   Want to show others what you have done with your island?  You can't. (no multiplayer)  So as much as I wanted to enjoy an animal crossing like game, I did not enjoy this one.(For reference : I used an xbox one cotroller, no configuration was needed.  The controller support version is still in beta and 2 lockups in 30 minutes is too much.)"
76561198142364771,Recommended,304950,33592776,Posted: 16 July,all,mr sim j,"i like it and all , just a shame the island is so small , i guess that comes from being a mobile game previously ,i take it back about being small , once you open the bridges its ok"
76561198180164453,Recommended,304950,28905543,Posted: 1 January,all,abithorn,really fun so far
76561198054808105,Not Recommended,304950,24329822,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Rockabye,"This game has a lot going for it at first glance, large island, tons of furniture and clothes (and more items added fairly regularly) but it manages to miss the mark on enjoyability and charm, so thoroughly, and in every way imaginable.-The controls are clunky and unnatural. Moving around the world actually makes me anxious due to how badly my character is at following the keystrokes I put in. Tasks such as farming, foraging for fruit, removing clutter, clearing weeds feel like they take so much more time than they should in part because your character has trouble moving where you want to go.-I detest the characters. Theere's obviously some talent involved in making NPCs likeable because I hate every last one of these villagers. For example there's Angus. When you first meet Angus he's very grumpy and you say 'ok, i know this guy. He's going to turn out to a.) have a tragic back story b.) have insecurities about social situations that he masks with with a false veil of not liking anyone'. Neither of these things are true. He's just a horrible person. He genuinely hates everyone and takes joy in everyone's failures and shortcomings. At their best these characters are boring, at their worst you actually hate them as individuals. Never seen anything like it in a game this cutesy.-Limited indoor design space. You can increase your house to four rooms and then that's it. That's all the interior space you're allowed. If you could decorate all the interiors that would be fun. The mayor has an absolute palace, the town hall is immense, but you can only look at these, you're better ignoring them entirely. They'll only leave you hungry for more space, space you will never recieve.-Developers made no attempt to hide the pay-to-play history of this game. You have it all; timers, stamina, a section of the catelogue bizaarely called 'VIP', sections of the map that can be straight up paid away with in-game currency.I can't even say this game tries; because it doesn't. It's a soulless money grab, Even with a flat price tag. It's utterly charmless. If advertizing hadn't explictly told me it was trying to be Animal Crossing it wouldn't have crossed my mind that this monstrosity was inspired by it.Don't buy this game. It's a tease. It'll never leave you even vaguely satisfied. You always feel like there's something missing. That there's some obstacle between you and being proud of cleaning up the beach, or designing your room, or god forbid 'taking care of your villagers'. It's just bad. Go play Animal Crossing. Stay away from this."
,Recommended,304950,33406863,Posted: 9 July,all,eeeks,cute
,Recommended,304950,23773229,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,{D1v} ALASKN eSports  g2a.com,i Need V.i.P to write this review.i Need to solve a puzzle to post the review.Purchase V.i.P to Buy the last puzzle
76561198347330473,Recommended,304950,29705475,Posted: 4 February,all,musser_jennifer,Its like animal crossing. I like this game.
,Not Recommended,304950,26328004,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Cerenzio,"As a HUGE Animal Crossing fan, it's offensive that they actually USE THE WORDS ""Animal Crossing"" in the description. This game is NOTHING like Animal Crossing, despite the obvious attempt to rip it off. I would rather review this with a Neutral thumb, but, that does not exist. It's a cute little game, with minimal gameplay, too little content, and too little remaining from it's origin as a mobile game. However, YOU may enjoy it anyway.I made a short let's play video, where we take a little wonder through the game, and look at some of it's mechanics. You can decide for yourself, if you like it.https://youtu.be/e3kZJG9pLvg"
76561198120519056,Not Recommended,304950,23174017,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,wolfntigger2,"Slow game and bad graphics, along with with boring characters. It's not worth the money and I bought it on sale."
,Not Recommended,304950,25879978,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,放射性パンダ,"Communication Error, never let me pass home menu, shame"
,Not Recommended,304950,29730394,Posted: 5 February,all,NateExplosion,"It has no sandbox parts of it at all, I played Castaway Paradise for only like one hour and I hated it"
76561198404904118,Not Recommended,304950,33869699,Posted: 28 July,all,shelley.sum,Can't play the game since nothing will load. All I can see is the island and shadows of where everyone and everything should be. Very frustrating and a waste of money.
,Recommended,304950,32903867,Posted: 27 June,all,Trash,Like a fun version of Animal Crossing
,Recommended,304950,29562668,Posted: 29 January,all,TSM,-
76561198285285774,Not Recommended,304950,22818623,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,mmb07151,DOESN'T WORK WELL WITH MACS... WHILE DOING THE INTRODUCTION PORTION THE SHOVEL DID NOT SHOW UP AND I COULD NOT PROCEED ONWARD. I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED AS THIS GAME SEEM VERY INTERESTING.
,Not Recommended,304950,23999652,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BlackCatZ,"Nope , dont have the Animal Corssing charm that they wanted.No in game Time, no day/night , no seasons ...Always same things since start, dull quests from dull residents all the time ...The gameplay is bad, but it is a port so ...Well I dont recommend it , for anyone not a good animal crossing copy"
76561197984865211,Not Recommended,304950,24590665,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,dragonsecko,"Micro transactions is something I expect from free games, not one I paid to play in the first place."
76561198196274411,Not Recommended,304950,28418738,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,lovetheavs420,"Comparing this game to Animal Crossing is a total joke! They are NOTHING alike.  I played for hours and hours when I got the game becuase I didn't know it was so limited.  It gets boring FAST! I regret buying this game.  If you do purchase it, DO NOT expect anything AC like.  Two thumbs WAY down :("
,Not Recommended,304950,16446166,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,🐧 crow,it's basically farmville.
,Not Recommended,304950,24780239,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,amrree,Pay to win!
76561198170215231,Recommended,304950,19757553,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,aunti9810,amazing and super fun
,Recommended,304950,19628696,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ZombieSlayerDan,very good game very happy with it very fun game if you like anmial crossing
,Recommended,304950,20948791,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,neuNomad,"Addictive, non-stressful decorating simIf you've ever played Animal Crossing and liked it, then you will probably like this game, and owe it further investigation or purchase.For everyone else...Castaway Paradise is a cute and charming decorating game. Currently you can grow flowers, crops, catch fish and insects, collect shellfish, rebuild townies' houses, increase the size of your own house, go on quests for townies, buy outfits, furniture, carpets and wallpaper. All of these activities have level locks on the complete range of content, so depending on how you feel about content gating you'll either enjoy the farming of experience to unlock or hate it. Personally, I enjoy it.Most meaningful actions, like growing crops, have timers attached. For instance, if you save up enough money to fix a bridge to another part of the island, you'll have to wait an hour for it to be constructed. When you evolve crops, you'll have to wait whatever minutes these take to evolve after watering them. It tends to space out your experience of the content, which is fine with me as I play it maybe half an hour in one stretch. I should mention you can pay your earned gems to skip the timers, but I've never done that... yet!Basically your enjoyment of the game will come down to whether you find the townie characters charming, how much value you place on earning money to unlock/decorate the environment, and also how much you enjoy tasks like pulling weeds and watering plants.Why I like itChore-based game with a community focus. The reason I come back is for helping out the island and the townies.Cool bits+ Townies are cute and have good written dialog. If you like little in-jokes about animals and pop culture, you'll enjoy reading what your townies have to say.+ Some of the furniture pieces are really cool, and the devs seem comitted to adding more items/themes.+ Decent variety in what you can collect and farm, as well as weekly leaderboards for fish and insects.+ Seasonal changes, as well as holidays with special items to collect.+ You can place furniture and floor tiles not just inside your house, but out on the island!+ Devs that respond to the community hub, so who knows what might change later on?Lame bits+ No day/night cycle. It'll always be the same time of day, which makes the island feel a little less 'alive'.+ Holidays and events seem to only affect the items available to purchase...+ Aside from giving quests, townies don't do much. You'll never find them in their house, or hanging out together.+ Only one music track that loops, which is a shame, since different theme music helps create an emotional connection in a game like this.Ugly+ Being able to place floor tiles outside, but not being able to put anything on it, like a chair."
76561198184318561,Recommended,304950,20794229,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mommaduck,"I absolutely love this game !!! A mix of Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon. I have spent hours on this game, very addicting."
,Recommended,304950,20764853,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Blubbermaggot,"If you don't own a Nintendo but still want to dip your toes into the Animal Crossing phenomenon before you have to commit to buying a console, this is the game for you. If you like this, you'll love Animal Crossing. (I'd recommend starting withNew Leaffor 3DS if you do.)AC: New Leaf was 3 years ago and the recent (2015) AC: Happy Home Designer and AC: amiibo Festival really didn't scratch the itch for me, probably due to the fact that they were spinoff titles. This game however, almost hit the spot.It doesn't have the same production value, and bugs abound; but on sale for 5 bucks is exactly what you need to spend to get a decent AC demo.TL;DR: A good Animal Crossing clone 7/10"
76561198097067219,Recommended,304950,20842676,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Elizabeth,"This game is dope! But in all seriousness, even it is packaged like a full game, it still smells like a freemium game. It is okay though, because everything else the shop items, quests, and the general gameplay is so good. But, beware of puns! It sometimes hurts my soul."
,Recommended,304950,20734422,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,KuroAna,It's ok. Good in case you have nothing better to play.A lot like Animal Crossing.
,Not Recommended,304950,20876948,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Dr. Greenbean,"I was very excited to see this game come to Steam because I love the Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing series. However, I think this game needs a lot more polishing before I can recommend it to others.One thing I like about the game is that you can buy anything you have unlocked at any time, which allows for easy freedom in decorating. However, there simply aren't enough furniture styles to make decorating interesting. For example, there's only one fridge style and one style of other kitchen furniture to match it. There just aren't many options if you like to color coordinate. Even with the theme packs obtained via DLC or daily login, decorating options feel somewhat limited.One of my favorite Animal Crossing features is collecting all the critters. Fortunately, Castaway Paradise also allows collection of bugs, fish, and shells. Unfortunately, collecting them all is much too easy, as there are not many to collect and they are not limited to certain hours or seasons. I wish I could keep critters as pets too, but they show up on little mounts when you place them. :( (And they can't even go on the wall.)I was excited that a farming system was included, but honestly, the clunkiness makes it more of a chore than anything. There's no real benefit to growing a variety of crops, since you can't do anything but sell them. You can't cook them, eat them, or give them as gifts.There doesn't seem to be an affection system with villagers either. The animals have rather flat personalities and seem to like (or tolerate) you just the same whether you ignore them and dump trash on the ground or talk to them and complete their quests religiously. There's no real reason to chat with them more than a few times. You can't give them gifts, and their houses never change. The lack of multiplayer contributes to the dullness of interactions within this game.Finally, and most importantly, the game feels so grindy that it's just not an enjoyable journey past level 15. The quests are often too annoying to bother with, e.g. ""chop down your trees and destroy your flowers!"", and there's no way to reject them. Money is difficult to come by, so I feel like I have to be stingy with decorations so that I can afford to get through quests. Tool stamina is annoying and expensive to upgrade. The game is essentially Waiting Simulator, as you might expect from a mobile game (which Castaway Paradise originally was).Overall, this game just feels unfinished. I feel like I'm beta testing rather than playing a complete PC game. A price of $15 is considered unreasonable for most mobile games, as it is for this ported one. Castaway Paradise has a lot of potential and I really hope it improves to become a quality title that can compete with similar games."
,Recommended,304950,23201804,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Rem ♡,9/10Reminds me of animal Crossing!I love the PC version than the mobile ver.Watering etc. is unlimited! OSOOOOM ;)Hope there will be more updates sooon.
76561198307731843,Recommended,304950,26685376,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,adra.mabin,"This is a great game to play, even compared to AC. I've been searching for some games like AC to play when I want to chill out without my DS, and this is perfect. However, there is lots of room for imrpovement. All day, this game has the same upbeat soundtrack. Playing this game at night doesn't help me fall asleep or cool me off, so my idea is to add different soundtracks and moods throughout the day. If the colors got warmer and the sky because dark at night, this would change the mood. A couple of people have been saying how it is good that you don't have to wait until midnight to catch a certain bug, but I find it fun to do this. It makes the game harder. Also, the quests just jump at you. If they came slower and didn't appear at the side of the screen until you encountered the villager, it would make the game more revolved around chilling out and less about completing missions. Overall, the game is great to play for fun and when you are bored, but could use some minor changes."
,Recommended,304950,33485290,Posted: 12 July,all,Perverted Practitioner,"This game was definitely worth the price. Extremely fun and time consuming town builder, and very similiar to one of my favorite NDS games, Animal Crossing!The towns people have very lovely personalities, super attracting back stories, and very silly looks. Although, in most conversations I have noticed a few grammatical errors. It does bother a bit, but not so much as the game itself does make a great impression.I love the fact with every completion of a quest, there are constantly more replacing it. Keeps the game fun and interesting, and has me plowing down each one.It would be fun to have sounds emitting whenever the character walks, not very realistic when it's silenced. But the background music is quite relaxing.No bugs encountered ever, always smooth. And the updates get better and better each time.Would recommend this to anyone who wants a more calm and relaxing game~ Worth the 15, trust me."
76561197980337103,Recommended,304950,20828162,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Cutterjohn,"This game LOOKED AND SOUNDED a VERY GREAT DEAL like Animal Crossing to me(DS animal crossing, my ONLY experience so far).  I initially didn't think that I'd care much for Animal Crossing, being an adult, but found it strangely addicting for a while.  Eventually that wore off to the point where I'd check 'changes' for a few minutes every day, then sliding to roughly once a week, then once a month, then several months the stopped.  I never tried any of the online components of DS Animal Crossing so I'm looking at castaway paradise and animal crossing as single player games.The play from what I recall is very similar, upgrading house, weeding, picking up junk, etc. Let me tell you letting AC go for a few months and there were weed EVERYWHERE.The quests in CP(castaway paradise) are pretty basic, and really seems like it would be a decent game for younger children who would probably play it more regularly as I can see myself again like in AC stopping playing so regularly after a while, but I suspect that children might play it more regularly.  It seems to be pretty safe as I haven't come across anything objectionable in the dialogs, text messages, etc.  However any child would have to be able to read or have someone else to explain things to them if they can't.So for the price it's good and if you're looking for a PC game VERY MUCH like AC this is your ticket.  Additionally the devs still seem to be actively working on this game which in of itself is pretty rare.  By working  I mean that not only are they bug fixing but also still adding new content, which MAY help with how long I actively 'play' this.So mostly this game is all positive for me, the only negative if you can call it that would be the quests that require puzzle pieces, 9 at a time, and those pieces are pretty rare so far IME.  You can also buy them at 2500 gems(the game currency) a pop.  Money is fairly easy to come by by picking up some trash, fishing, collecting bugs, etc. and selling it all off. Lastly I'm not sure why they call them puzzle pieces as there doesn't really seem to be any puzzle to solve.  You just click on the box, it uses a puzzle piece if you have one, and the box turns into part of a pictureAh I've thought of one other possible negative.  Many larger items take a relatively LONG time for things to.  IIRC the first bridge that I unlocked via puzzle had a timer of c. 1h IIRC before you could again click on it and create the bridge.  Other mechanics in the game have similar timer mechanisms ranging from 1m at the low end I believe to 24h(so far) at the high end(bank interest mechanic). [EDIT] Again, I neglect to note that in most(all?) cases this can be circumvented by paying gems(game currency) to complete immediately... [/edit]And another, OK now I have 3 negatives.  Unlocked another part of the island and had a quest to unlock an arch.  Unfortunately there are 3 arches(I think, difficult to tell) on that part of the island and NONE of them are labelled -> worst case scenario to get the correct arch(and maybe miss 2 quests but it seems to let you autocomplete IF you've previously accomplished the quest requirements) would require 27 puzzle pieces: 3 arches, 9 puzzle piece a pop -> 27.  Early in the game you'd have to buy them, as as I've mentioned puzzle pieces are rare and not many are given at a time(2x was the max for me IIRC). . [EDIT] I'd forgotten the 'map' view which does label things I suppose well enough to pick out specifically which arch/etc. is meant by a particular quest... still the paucity of puzzle pieces is annoying...[/edit][EDIT2=02/04/17]OK so about a year later.  The engine is utter crap.Randomly(or seemingly from a user perspective) activates and deactivates interaction buttons.VSYNC is a useless option and WTH aren't these options available ingame?! Apparently does nothing for higher end(say mid-upper) GPUs while it does seem to help slightly with weak GPUs, e.g. iGPUs although amazing the engine still stutters like mad regardles of 6 core i7 or lowly core m 5y10.Things that you initially think might do something don't, e.g. billboards, mailboxes, boats.Fish that spawn at a uselessly unreachable distance.Irritating catch specific bug/fish/farm crop in which all fish and bugs seem to immediately despawn and then seem to respawn at an incredibly low rate v. when there are no fish/bug quests.  Crops: invariably the lengthiest growing, e.g. get a leek daily or quest got news for ya you're not making the daily unless you happen to have some already planted(but who would waste the time on them, they're NOT worth it, as a matter of fact it's NOT worth planting anything other than chili peppers unless you get lucky and get a corn daily or quest(fast but worthless)).Animations are worthlessly tedious and ssssslllllooooowwww(most egregious is tghe fishing rod), character walks like he has a stick shoved up his♥♥♥♥♥♥Seemingly in some recentish update the little character will shake his head NO when casting into a wide open water space, extremely irritating as again tedious and ultra sssslllllooooowwwww animation that adds zero to the 'game'.Quests still bug out, as in they will randomly change or worse you'll be left with some garbage where the game apparently overran some pointers BUT SO FAR IME this is 'fixable' by quitting and restarting and IIRC the quest will either be gone or 'fixed' so they at least must do some rudimentary error checking on startup fortunately.Overall this is an EXTREMELY pale imitation of animal crossing and I see now why Nintendo chuckled and wandered away, probably muttering something about stupid roundeyes...That said I'm still playing for ranking as I can finish the dailies in about 5m most days, so it most of the time makes a relaxing start morning game before reading email, etc. other times with the bugs, general low quality engine rearing it's ugly head it can be as irritating as all hell. You take your chances.Might be good for kids, but I think that you'd be better off getting them some consoles(portable and 'fixed') and a real copy of animal crossing...  This really feels like a moderately well done mobile game and by moderately well done I also mean for a mobile game which have very low standards.So after a year I'd give it c. 2.5/5 stars and reiterate buy something that animal crossing or similar they're almost infinitely better games than this although IF they made mailboxes, billboards, boats, etc. functional in some fun way they'd get some cred especially if they ALSO hired some guys who knew anything about programming to either fix or replace their craptastic engine or bought something off-the-shelf that works better, i.e. anything would be an improvement unless their current guys take another whack at it in which case this might go to a 1.5 star rating.So yes, still recommended but REALLY ONLY IF you just BASOLUTELY CANNOT get a console of some sort w/animal crossing or similar... OR you can get it for c. $1(or less)[/edit2]"
,Not Recommended,304950,26300973,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Darkening Demise,Animal Crossing clone for mobile riddled with microtransactions poorly ported to PC with terrible controls and still signs of Pay To Win elements around every corner. There isn't a single good thing about this crap.
,Recommended,304950,35520635,Posted: 6 October,all,i am in ur activity feed,animal crossing x farmville simulator
