user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,305050,12293556,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Athravan,"What I've experienced (purely the single player) so far is a beautiful game, with interesting mechanics and engaging boss fights. I guess what I would sum it up as would be ""Old school platformers meet Metroid meet Ikaruga."" It doesn't really bring anything new and innovative to the table mechanic wise, but it does mesh them well against a unique art style.Unfortunately the keys are not rebindable, a pretty basic feature that I would have expected, especially in a game where response needs to be fast and intuitive. I struggled with the default keyboard keys - switching to gamepad made it a lot easier. The settings are minimalistic. Resolution & Vsync, that's your lot.I'm struggling a little with the combat; I'm not sure if enemies vary widely in difficulty, or if I'm just incredibly slow sometimes. I often find myself repeating segments and suffering trial-by-patience but I imagine a large part of that is my inexperience with platformers. The puzzle parts for me far exceed the action. I've found them very engaging and well designed.It's far from perfect; but in my humble opinion it's a pretty high quality game and excellent value entertainment for a full price of £5. Sadly I can't comment on the co-op until one of my friends goes ahead and buys it... hint hint."
76561198001192150,Recommended,305050,18514672,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,rpvarela,"I don't like Steam's reviewing system. There are so many cases in which I don't wanna choose between recommending a game or not. Sometimes there are certain aspects of a game I like and others that I don't. How can I, the reviewer *always* have the right answer for you, the reader? Someone I don't even know personally? Someone I have no idea what they want and expect from a game? Sometimes I just wanna post my own analysis without a ""sentence"" attached to it. Anyway, small rant aside, I enjoyed Outland.The game's theming surprised me right away. I don't know why, but I was expecting something futuristic/space themed, but the game is set in a very ""primal"" and mystical environment. With spirituality and shamans and all that (the whole bright neon blue/red colors probably made me think of Tron).The game feels like it's going to be boring right away, with enemies and platforming sections that don't do much to challenge the player, but this changes quickly.Soon in the game (could've been sooner, IMO) you will acquire the power to shift between light (blue) and dark (red). While blue, you are immune to blue projectiles and can harm red enemies. The same goes for red: immune to red projectiles, can harm blue enemies. This allows the game to come up with scenarios that would be impossible to traverse without these mechanics and soon you'll find yourself quickly shifting between colors in order to avoid damage. Not only that, but new enemies appear later on providing the game with some variety to the combat and the platforming sections become increasingly complex. The game achieves a nice middle ground between action/combat and platforming (often having them both at the same time as you are forced to fight enemies in the middle of a barrage of projectiles).The game can be very challenging at certain points, but due to the abundance of checkpoints spread across the levels, powerups that allow you to quickly dispatch more... problematic enemies for a small energy cost and the occasional health upgrade, you never feel like you are being punished for making mistakes when figuring out the best course of action to tackle the challenges presented to you. The boss battles offer similar variety of action and strategy, and I would even go as far as calling some of them puzzles, because you really need to figure out what's going on in order to beat them.Finally, the game has a few collectible masks that are hidden in out of the way areas or protected by harder-than-average platforming/enemy sections which unlock concept art or something. I think this may give some replayability to the game, but I don't know. I'm not a completionist, don't care much for these... still, I felt like pointing it out that it is a thing you can do if you're into that sort of thing.Now what *don't* I like about the game?Well I can think of a few things, but even though I don't consider them enough reason to warrant this a negative review, some bias is in place (you will see what I mean) and you may find yourself disagreeing with me.First of all, if my profile picture wasn't enough of a givaway, I play most games with a controller if I can help it... and while I can'tsaysuch is the case, I'vehearda lot of complaints regarding the controls and calling this a poor PC port. I don't know if that's true, but it's probably better to play this with a controller if you have one just to be safe, or look for other reviews that may explain this issue in more detail if you don't. Personally, using a controller felt fine most of the time with the exception of the color shift command being bound to one of the shoulder buttons which can make it a bit clunky during the combat sections (I would have preferred a face button for this).Another thing I'm not a big fan of (and this isn't as big an issue as the previous one) is that the animations for your attacks do not match the hitboxes very well, specially for the upwards swing. A lot of the time it'll look like you hit an enemy when you actually didn't and will be annoying until you get used to it. And this really is the only solution to it in the end isn't it? Get used to it. Not ideal.Bottomline I guess I recommend this game? I mean, if the gameplay I described above sounds fun to you and you can get past the issues I mentioned, then I guess you'll enjoy it? I don't know, I'm not you.Still, I had more good things to say about it than negative ones, so I guess it is a positive review.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,305050,12292742,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,breh,"I played this game back when it first released on the xbox 360 and it was great back then. I bought this game *twice* if that doesn't show how much I recommend this game, nothing will."
76561198040743165,Recommended,305050,12292561,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,sqwidee,An excellent PC port of a pretty decent Playstation Store game. Works fine at high resolutions at smooth 60+ fps.Play with a controller for best experience.
,Not Recommended,305050,22342881,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Pepebeto66,"The game is pretty to look at in screenshots, but it's extremely boring after 3 hours of navigating through places that look the same.Platforming feels nice, but combat is a 3-slash combo that gets boring fast.Also, the game ALWAYS guides you to your next objective, which most of the time is a new ability, but you really can't fully try it on past obstacles since you can barely remember where they were (since the environments are very samey) and also because the game will guide you to your next objective, so there isn't much exploration. Even when you try to explore you only get like some coins to grind for your next health upgrade and that's it.Overall, the game is pretty but gets boring really fast. When searching for a metroidvania game make sure that the different areas are distinct from each other, that the obstacles you can't get through are at least memorable for you to return after and that the game doesn't guide you every step of the way."
,Recommended,305050,12294593,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Auburok,"Outland is one of my favorite downloadable games from the last console generation, and I'm extremely happy that it was ported to PC.The only strange thing about the port is that achievements unlock after you close the game. Weird, but it's okay.(Edit: this has been addressed in patches)Outland is something of a simple metroidvania with an Ikaruga color-changing mechanic. Players can change between light and dark after an early section of the game and use these forms to attack opposite aligned enemies, harmlessly absorb same-colored bullets and beams, and interact with the environment. There's a somewhat large world to explore and plenty of bosses to take down. The game features an arcade mode with leaderboards, and a coop mode that has a few specific levels. There is also some cooperative stuff in the game - some specific coop challenges and the main campaign allows coop (though due to the nature of the game, only the host progresses).The player's main weapon is a sword, and combat is very quick and simple. There are some upgrades to the player's abilities, but no alternate weapons, armor, etc (the game doesn't really need them).The game is absolutely gorgeous, especially at high resolutions and it's pretty to see in motion. The story is very much something of an origin/creation story for a different world, and it's kind of neat, but don't expect a ton of character development, spoken dialog, etc. If there's a reason to buy this game, it's delicious eye-candy and solid gameplay."
,Recommended,305050,12304841,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"Outland, the action-platformer by Housemarque, originally came out on the Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 over three years ago. It was a good game then, it's still a good game today.First off let's discuss the port. It's decent, but could be better. For whatever reason the vsync locks at 30 fps, which causes frame-rate judders. The alternative is to turn off in-game vsync and then force it on via your videocard's control panel. I tried this but somehow I still got screen-tearing. Maybe I just suck at computers. Also there's no option to turn off vibration if you're using a 360 pad. Never been a fan of force feedback, so needless to say I didn't like this. The image-quality is a bit too soft as well. It supports resolutions at and above 1920x1080 but I dunno, it feels like it could use some AA, that would make the art-direction really stand out.Usually when people talk about this game they mention a shump calledIka...ikar...?Oh right. Kid Icarus. Yep that old Nintendo game about Greek Mythology and Eggplant Wizards. Seriously though, the world the hero explores is governed by light and dark(or blue bullets and red bullets). Early on you're given a sword and not long after that, the ability to switch between light & dark(blue & red). When you want to absorb bullets or lasers you should be the same color, when you want to attack enemies you have to be the opposite color. Your color can also affect objects such as floating platforms or spikes. Expect numerous situations to crop up where you have to switch between colors constantly to proceed. This isn't a puzzle game but you will have to think every now and then, at least for a moment.Switching colors isn't always an option. For example, you might run into a red enemy while area is filled with red bullets. The trick here is to use one of your special attacks. These can include a power strike, a laser, and flashy explosion. Next up are the exploratory powers. Certain powers can be attained to make getting around easier. In typical fashion, previous areas can be explored to find more cash, life/energy upgrades, and concept art unlocks. Fair warning, this is the full extent of the exploration in this game.Main reason I enjoy this game is it's just so fluid. Back when it came out in 2011 I started the demo thinking ""Well...whatever..I guess I gotta try it."" I immediately fell in love with its smooth controls, responsive moves, and that wall-jump. There's nothing better than a good wall-jump. So many games these days have them, but they rarely get it right. Outland's wall-jump is smooth, clean, and tight. Just running, jumping, and slashing also feel real good. Exploration is solid as well, though as I mentioned this game is mostly linear, so it's not like you'll miss any huge optional areas if you don't check around. On the other hand, at least you don't have to slash every wall in the hopes of finding a secret. Most of these areas are clearly marked by a cracked wall, a hole big enough to slide through, etc.There are also a handful of boss-fights. There is a slight puzzle element involved with each fight, and constant slashing won't get you anywhere. One of the minor additions to the PC version is that there are checkpoints during boss-battles. It's a nice gesture, though I figure most people will get stuck at the final boss. The finale doesn't really have any checkpoints either, so you'll definitely want to have all the life upgrades.Content-wise you should get your money's worth. The first play-through is likely going to take about 5 hours, 6-7 depending on how fast you can collect everything. While there isn't a hard difficulty or anything, there is an arcade mode. Basically this cuts the world up into stages, and your goal is to shoot for the high score. Housemarque did a fine job designing this game with an arcade mindset. There's a time limit to account for and a multiplier bonus that continually rises, just as long as you don't take any damage. The arcade mode is definitely worth checking out. There's also online co-op. Story & Arcade mode are available as well as special co-op challenges. The real challenge however is finding somebody to play this game with. Hopefully you'll have better luck than I.To sum it all up, Outland's strengths are in its controls, its audiovisual direction, and its focused arcade-like game design. If you go in expecting some Metroidvania you're gonna be severely disappointed. This isn't a exploration-heavy game, and there definitely aren't any sweet rare drops. Outland does well in most everything it sets out to do, so it deserves my every recommendation."
76561198025301599,Recommended,305050,12783298,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,ZOR33L is,"Very solid Action platformer, great art style with nice soundtrack and great platforming. don't expect deep fighting mechanics or combos, for me i don't mind and i had a really great time beating it. higher difficulty levels and some collectibles also stretch the game's length, Recommended for sure."
,Recommended,305050,15369060,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,SportsFan796,"This game is, without a doubt, my absolute favorite Metroidvania-inspiried platformer/hack n' slash game of all time. Don't let my limited amount of time spent with the PC version fool you; I spent a considerable amount of time with this game on gen. 7 consoles before I upgraded  everything to gen. 8.Everything about this game, from the music, to the atmosphere, story, characters, platforming, action, and voice acting is completely polished. I love the art design and get lost in the world every single time I play. The game is not particularly difficult, but it is challenging in certain places and overcoming those challenges feels very rewarding. Combat is also very tight and has that extra little something that all the best hack n' slash games possess. I can't really define that ""something"", but hack n' slash aficionados will know what I'm talking about.If you played and enjoyed any of the following games, then you need to buy this game like yesterday:-The Mark of Kri-Metroid-Guacamelee-Zelda-Axiom Verge-Torchlight-Teslagrad-Apotheon-Rogue Legacy-Dust: An Elysian TailOne last thing: Spring for the Special Edition with the artbook and OST. The OST alone is worth the price of admission, and the artbook is just icing on the cake!"
,Recommended,305050,21861839,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,AestheticGamer,"I had a lot of fun playing co-op in it with a friend online. Maybe not the best Metroidvania platformer, but endless amounts of highs and lows to experience with a friend. Some bullet-hell difficulty in places, some fantastic boss fights, and pretty good music and stylistic choice. I'd say give it a go, and find someone else to play with."
,Recommended,305050,13072816,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:A truly successful and stylish platformer game. Perhaps, even the first Ubisoft released a proper and efficient level leap game.Referral! :3FIN:Todella onnistunut ja tyylikäs tasoloikka peli. Ehkä, jopa ensimmäinen Ubisoft julkaisema kunnollinen ja toimiva tasoloikka peli. Suositteluni! :3"
,Recommended,305050,33511302,Posted: 13 July,all,hydrotical glasses,"Beautiful music makes the whole game; it's kinda meditative, I must say. Also, it doesn't turn in ""action form"" while battling with enemies, just still calm (exceprion: bossfights), and for me… I feel entrancive every time I hear Outlands's music.About gameplay… You should play with gamepad so you'll don't need time to get used to keyboard ('cause it's hard, to play this game with keyboard — C.O).Recommend for people who loves great music and platforming."
76561198040538972,Recommended,305050,30398515,Posted: 8 March,all,karhu,"As good as any popular metroidvania game. If you enjoyed titles like Teslagrad, Ori and the Blind Forest, Guacamelee or Shantae, you should pick this up for 1 buck which it often costs on sale."
,Recommended,305050,25538986,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Hunter,"And incredibly underrated Metroidvania game. The movement feels great, the puzzles are intresting and get pretty damn difficult later on as you try to manage the Dark and Light modes in a way that allows you to traverse the corresponding platforms while taking as little damage as possible. If I had to give it a downside, the combat feels flat at times. A lot of the enemies only have small difference in how you defeat them, but even then the enemies are used as another tool for the Dark/Light mechanic.9/10, without a doubt worth the ten dollars."
,Recommended,305050,20105910,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,EdenStarGazer,"I think Outland is remarkable in it's mechanics and artwork. Typically, I detest playing side-scrollers, though I was 1st inaugriated into gaming in the eighties. I guess, seeing the progression that gaming has made, I just don't like going backwards in time on tech. But, Outland is one of those lovely exceptions. The fluidity of the character's movments, the quality of the sound & graphics, and the atmospheric effects of the game all draw you back for more. That said, skill-type games that require dexterity and speed are not my strong point, so I probably won't progress very far in the game. Since I bought it primarily for the artbook and music, I'm fine with that. And, after my first time looking through the artbook, I have to say I was not disappointed there. Getting the huge discount for the Christmas sale was just an added bonus that succeeded in moving the title from my wishlist to my library. I recommend this game to anyone, really... whether you are into side-scrollers, artwork, or great audio soundtracks."
76561198091747337,Recommended,305050,22437741,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Magic Miller,"Yes, yes and yes.  Beautiful, fun to play and worth every penny :D  An underrated gem"
76561198130352267,Recommended,305050,25900079,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Nordic Taktx,"Very swish little platformer. Great soundtrack, graphics and asthetic appeal."
,Recommended,305050,26221047,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,illykilly,"Great platformer, great arcade game. Reminds me of ""Mark of the NInja"", it's pretty similar. So if you like this kind of arcade games, you will like Outland too. By playing this game, you will recognize that the developer put a lot of effort into this game with lots of lovely made details. Low price, big fun factor.Summary+beautiful graphics, beautiful backgrounds+great light effects+great atmosphere+matching sound design+easy gameplay with XBox controller+solid level architecture+collectable stuff ingame for hardcore gamer+arcade ranking+co-op mod-standard story-saving spots-no ""free to play""-mod after finishing the gameEstimated playtime about 8-10h, but much more possible if you want to collect and unlock all the stuff."
,Not Recommended,305050,33707509,Posted: 21 July,all,L14,"Fairly simple platformer, not bad but not overly impressive and just doesn't do anything too special.It's very colourful and pretty but the visuals don't make up for it's very simple and not very interesting gameplay.Fun at times but just gets boring after a while.Simple and fine platformer for a pretty decent price, but I'd go for most others instead of this."
,Not Recommended,305050,21000549,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,悲-Nobody hellcase.com,"I'm a huge fan of Metroidvania games, in fact it's only thanks to Metroid that i started playing videogames.I got this game because after reading some reviews i thought i could give it a try, plus it was on sale (90%).The game isnot bad, it justdoesn't feel like a Metroidvaniadue to the fact that there's no backtracking and you're guided throughout the whole game. The game also never got me interested in its story, it was just a boring walk 'n slash 2D time killer with some platform. The artstyle is not bad, but there's almost no variation between areas..as somebody already said, you could see a screenshot and not recognize which zone is which.You may want to give it a try on a sale, i'd say a 50/75% is enough.Have an awesome day!"
76561198078784788,Recommended,305050,24915535,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,mafalda_157,The visuals are absolutely stunning! This game has a very unique and beautiful art style that is a veritable feast for the eyes!Combine this with some solid platforming gameplay and a cool atmosphere and you get a very enjoyable experience.
76561198102015570,Recommended,305050,28712786,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Spl4sssh,"Outland is an action/adventure game with a bit of exploration. Honestly I bought the game because I liked the concept of having to change forms in order attack enemies or dodge attacks. When I bought it I wasn't desappointed, at least not for ""changing forms"" part. The truth is that the controls are not quite user friendly, having about 7 keys that do different things all gathered in the right side of the keyboard (I haven't tried a controller but I think it might be easier with one) also there is a lot of searching for the mark of gods (or something like that), they are collectibles that give you some cool stuff and an achievement but they are completely optional. Despite the fact that it is an exploration game apart from the background that changes the difference between regions is not really overwhelming as one would expect, also this game should not be recommended to people who are easily bored because it might seem a bit monotonous although it succeeds to give the player a variety of courses to pass with different obstacles. But all games have their weak spots as they have their strong ones, I really enjoyed this game it offers you some really useful tools, it has nice boss fights and the levels have an obstacle course feeling that require both speed and patience while you must use your forms to dodge projectiles and barriers and your sword and other attacks to defeat your enemies. The levels are well designed and offer you a sense of fulfilment as you pass through their defences and killing your opponents. I do recommend this game to all the fans of 2D adventure games because I believe it should not go unnoticed, give it a chance and you won't be desappointed."
,Recommended,305050,22135939,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Wakane,"Outland is basically a 2D platformerr. It has a metrovania component, means sometimes you go back and forth to previos levels.  However the going back and forth is minimal and you have target indicator of where you should go next, which is good. The game itself is actually pretry linear unless you want to go baxk to some previos levels to get powerups. And you might want to as the levels are rally getting harder later.I have yet to tey the coop missions, so not sure about that. But the single player experience is good. Levels are getting harder and harder. Near end levels are actually hard, although it is not insanely hard yhat you wanna throw your controller/keyboard across the room. But you are guaranteed that you will die quite a lot at near end levels.Checkpoints are not many but they are mostly well placedI played it with an XBOX360 wireless controller and it is great.You'll get additinal abilities during the game that will unlock new areas.Summary. It is a great 2d platformer game. It is from UbiSoft but you don't need UPlay for this game. It is a hidden gem."
,Recommended,305050,32731025,Posted: 24 June,all,wh1te_d@em0n,Recomended! 2D but awesome game by ubisoft!!!Рекомендую всем! 2D  но очен хорошая игра от ubisoft-та!!!
,Recommended,305050,28431755,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Suicide Critic,"Clever mix of Ori style platforming and Ikaruga polarity.  Good title.  Fluid, lag-free controls."
76561198080373710,Recommended,305050,14768543,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Zerefe,"I know this game came out a couple of years ago because i own it on the PS3 it was a great game at the time as it is now .I serious recommend this game for those who like adventure/platform games .The gameplay is rader basic and simple which makes the game fun and enjoyable , and the story line there is not much to tell is one man trying to save all of creation against the gods .But on my book this game it was as it still is 9/10."
,Recommended,305050,18025122,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"8/10 - Visual Masterpiece! Psychedelic Mannn.You will love this game, it's simple and the visuals are stunning. Fun combat based game, with the emphasis on the brilliance of the maps. I would play this game again for sure.Worth $5Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Not Recommended,305050,22076875,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,gokens,"OverviewThis game had potential, but in the end too many elements simply aren't good enough. Movement feels clumsy, the combat system feels limp, the levels stretch the same content for too long, and both the ability system and the narrative are uninspired.The graphical aesthetic is well put together (though it can strain the eyes), but you can see that for yourself in the screenshots.MovementThe movement system feels awkward and clumsy after playing games likeSuper Meat Boyand theSuper Meat BoyinspiredOri and the Blind Forest. For example when you jump into a wall in SMB you slide up the wall with the vertical momentum you already have; inOutlandall momentum disappears when you stick to a wall. It's a tiny detail, but it's the best example of the kinds of details that makeOriandSMBfeel so good, and by contrastOutlandfeels clumsy.CombatThe combat system is lacking heavily in the ""game feel"" department: the attacks feel weak. The enemies don't respond when you hit them, the sounds aren't convincing, and there's no camera shake. The only indication that you did any damage at all is a small burst of color radiating out from the enemy.The attacks also feel a bit clunky but I actually think this is (or should have been) a good thing. Let me explain. The sparse enemy numbers push the game towards a more tactical slower-paced combat (likeDark Soulsnailed). But when the attacks lack that feeling of weight, you can't help but think they should be fluid and smooth (think Devil May Cry[/i]). This is extra painful because the promotional blurb here on steam describesOutlandas ""fast-paced"".The end result is that the combat feels unsatisfying. It's a shame, because I think the combat would have been pretty good ifOutlandhad managed to make each hit convey some weight, some indication that you were dealing some serious damage.Level DesignThe level design just feels bland, not because there weren't some cool things, but because they're stretched too much.The butterflies (waypoints) that show you the way serve the same purpose as the gps system in open world games but it has that same problem: it's far too easy to just zone out and follow your butterfly masters around. This zoning out, unfortunately, greatly harms immersion: there's no chance for each space to feel like a greater part of a whole world.On top of butterfly waypoints, the levels drag on for too long. At the beginning of each level I found myself enjoying the new aesthetic, solving new kinds of dilemmas, etc. but somewhere around the half way point I would find myself blindly rushing towards my butterfly masters wondering when they'd finally let me see something different.The result is that the levels, while coool at first, end up feeling like a long slog through too few good ideas. Which (like the combat) is a shame because therearegood ideas here, and I would have really liked to see a shorter more focused game.Ability SystemThe ability system is uninspired. Of the 11 abilities, only 3 of them interact with the blue and red lights of this game. The other 8 are your typical overplayed abilities and include everything from melee attack (that's right, that's an ability) to ground stomping. One of them is cool,  but I'm not going to spoil it here.The other three abilities allow you to interract with the blue and red orbs of light that are this game's hook. I'm not sure how to avoid spoiling these, because two of them are shown in the trailer. That number is paltry. There are so many cool things that could have been done with this, but instead we have mechanics that are nearly a carbon copy ofIkaruga. Some quick examples: a reflector shield that bounces these orbs of light off you for a short time; or maybe a black hole thing that sucks them in; or maybe the opposite of the black hole that pushes them away; or maybe a something like a Sonic Light Speed Dash through these orbs.Sadly, we don't get any of thoseNarrativeTypical hero must prevent the end of the world story. Still, narrative is more than just the sequence of events, it includes the way the story is told, the aesthetic of it all. I still can't tell if I found the presentation endearing or cringe worthy. I don't think it matters. Outland never intended to stand on the strength of its narrative, and the narratives presence in the game is so minimal that it could be terrible and it'd still be unlikely to affect how you feel about the game.ConclusionA lot of people really like this, but I'm going to go playOri and the Blind Forestagain to remember how good these kinds of games can be."
,Recommended,305050,22791015,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Busverpasser,"After having picked up the game some time ago, I finally took the time to play it and it took some serious self-control for me in order to close it and write this review. This game is not only very beautiful, it is lots of fun. For most of the enemy types, there are certain abilities or attack patterns that allow you to defeat them without loosing health. Finding these out alone is fun. Now, I will go back to playing - the second boss is waiting for me :D.Enjoy the game, folks. I would definitely recommend it."
76561198000878346,Recommended,305050,22193304,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,leemur,"Too many platform games on Steam are basically what I call 'Pixel ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s', games where the novelty is in the difficulty (looking at you,  Super Meat Boy). Outland manages to be tricky without being punishing, rewarding learning from your mistakes rather than killing you for trivial errors. The novelty is in the mechanics, learning new techniques and using the 'light/dark' system to get past enemies and traps. Story is nothing special, but the graphics are smooth and the controls are responsive, which is all you want from a platformer."
,Recommended,305050,22066891,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Clɸse,"Relaxing platformer. Great Theme.A Tribal warrior that gains abilities has the game goes on. The soundtracks are great, especially the boss ones.For those who enjoy, the achievements are actually ""average/hard"" to get. I wish this had a difficulty setting, to make the game more challenging or hard-core.Overall, good game, great concept. Wish it had a sequel."
,Recommended,305050,27909028,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,aLpHa.ZiRaM,Pros-Fluid Combat-Alignment system-Art style*-Amazing music-Awesome bossesCons-Occasional unfair death-Upgrade point placement9/10*Seriously this art style is so good. Even your character's tattoos and sword change with your alignment
,Recommended,305050,22377213,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,St0rmFury,"Great platformer with creative use of the light/dark mechanic.Not the most challenging game of it's type out there but the bosses are a different story which will require multiple tries to figure out the strategy to defeat them.Pretty short (I managed to finish it in about 9 hours), but I got it during a sale so it's worth it."
,Recommended,305050,22312971,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,BaalsDepe,Huuge fun! I really like the art style. It's pretty clean and controls are solid. The puzzles are generally well-designed and there are very few moments when I feel cheated out of progress.
76561198166990052,Recommended,305050,22183115,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,FunSizedToria,Outland is an absolutely beautiful game with unqiue gameplay mechanics and engaging story. I found this game on a whim and I am so glad I bought it.
,Recommended,305050,33171948,Posted: 3 July,all,cookiemonro,"This game was an experience like no other. I loved this game mostly on an artistic point of view. I really suggest this game.Soundtrack: I loved the soundtrack. Each theme matched the environment and tone of the area or scene. One complaint with the soundtrack was that the boss fight music never changed and the final boss music was just a more epic version of the same song. Not many complaints with the theme itself but I like it when there are unique themes for each boss in a game.Presentation: The art style was the best part of this game. The vibrant colors really complimented the static terrain and backgrounds. The FPS of the game was very smooth and each area in the game had very unique art in the terrain such as vines or chains in the ground or trees and rivers in the background. This game really paid attention to detail and it came out magnificent.Gameplay: The controls were awkward at first but the characters and enemies flowed extremely smoothely. In terms of difficulty this game was off the charts difficult. We're talking dark souls difficulty at times. The final boss took me over 10 tries to beat it was insane. The difficulty was a good thing though. I thoroughly enjoyed the challenged this game posed on me. Combat system was simple yet quite fun. It was so fun in fact I would stop at each enemy and fight just for the fun of it. Level design was great. Very labrynth-like with switches, doors, obstacles, enemies and bullet hell spread out perfectly. I have a huge complaint though. The levels were very repetitive and I found myself trudging through the same patterns and trials over and over again with slight changes each time. I did like progression throughout the game with the option to buy hearts and energy and being given new mechanics and skills. One of the boss fights wasn't that fun to me and it felt like a terrible version of shadow of the colossus where you could beat the boss with silly tactics instead of skill and determination.All in all this game was one I will cherish forever. I adored playing co-op with my friend and trying to make my way up the leaderboards in arcade. Great gameplay, amazing art and great soundtrack.I would give this game a...            8.5/10"
76561198051755848,Recommended,305050,33667248,Posted: 20 July,all,K1llKiss,"Great and difficult platformer, TOP for coop, the only problem is that sometimes in coop you and your friend will desinc"
,Recommended,305050,25040304,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Luthecium,"You know how the game can be fun to play, nice to look at, comfortable to listen to music in it, joyful because of introduction of some unique gameplay elements, and, at the same time, hold on some really simple yet interesting? Well, this is one of those games. A decent platformer that lasts long enough to keep you entertained, while looking and sounding good to your eyes and ears.If you like platformers and would like to try something new in this genre, try this one.Ah, yes, there are some flaws in this game: the plot is nearly non-existent - the fact that it is some kind of primitive plot is just to give some reason for main hero doing what he does. And second, quite a frustrating one: key bindings on keyboard are not very good, AND controls are not very responsive - even though my hardware is better than recommended, there is some lag (fractions of seconds, but nevertheless) between key pressings and actions in the game, which becomes very annoying in areas where good timing is needed."
,Recommended,305050,17273885,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Ajah The Jar,"I seriously recommend Outland for anyone who loves platformers. It brings a Bullet-Hell twist, supplying both challenging and outstanding gameplay, than most other platformer games that you'll find in stores or here, on Steam. The graphics are high quality and how smooth gameplay feels (even on this pathetic laptop I'm on) adds to the incredible quality that this game provides. Having played this years before and again recently, I have personally enjoyed playing the story and the co-op levels that adds variety to the mix of the original campaign. If you're looking for a thrilling, yet challenging platformer to spend your weekend playing, then this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,305050,25721351,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,plosnati,Played this on the PS3. Really immersive platformer with satisfying gameplay and a wonderful soundtrack. Also pretty to look at.
76561198277996498,Recommended,305050,25627258,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,TheDragonAndTheFishyThings,"It is nice platforming. It doesn't blow my mind and doesn't reinvent the genre, but it is solid, has a nice color-based combat mechanic, develops organically with the new powers and rewards a bit of exploration, even though the ""exploration"" is usually pretty obvious. The boss fights are mixed, usually a nice idea, but a bit too much trial and error at times. To get all collectibles one would need to go back through most missions once all powers are unlocked, so that is a bit annoying. However, there is only artwork to unlock, so there is mostly no need to bother.I'd recommend it for 2D platforming fans, but it wouldn't make my top 5."
,Recommended,305050,25877116,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Morley,Excellent game unbeatable price
76561197973770564,Recommended,305050,25844157,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,kaizoku,At first I was a bit bored by the game but it became captivating after a while.
76561198166438585,Recommended,305050,25723014,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,zsheng,"Got the game by the week sale. Honestly speaking, I do not attract by the videos or the preview pictures of the game, and I got attracted by the sale. xD.But when I get myself playing it, I feel it is a great game overall. It has every good things of a platformer. Fast-paced actions, stunning graphics, and fluent game plays, it is what I would recommend the game by this week sale.One more thing, I really don't quite get the story.Anyway, great action game overall. Thank you developer."
,Recommended,305050,30054226,Posted: 20 February,all,ShovelKnight49,"One of the most original platformers I've played in recent years. Truly vibrant, beautiful artwork that ties into gameplay mechanics ever so smoothly, balanced difficulty curve, and the absolutely phenomenal soundtrack of Mr Ari Pulkkinen add the finishing touches of excellence to Outland. A 2D sidescroller not to be missed."
,Recommended,305050,16296334,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,VorLok,"A quick review about this game :Beautiful artstyle and visual design, coupled with a nice atmosphere.Engaging singleplayer and online co-op with smooth gameplay that should be enjoyable through and through.The story is not too original or deep, but it's charming in a way.Level design and difficulty are both solid.Summary :Nice little platformer with cool graphic design, appealing atmosphere, fluid gameplay and interesting mechanic (If you know Ikaruga, you probably get the whole concept)."
,Recommended,305050,16833764,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,curio124,"I like metrovidians, but this is not very good metrovidian game. There is little motivation to return back and the character development is not very important.BUT this is really good game indeed. The control is very good, movement and animation is flawless and even the changing red/blue character is very solid and controlable. You are flying through levels with joy and the switching, jumping and killing enemies are in perfecr harmony... Also the strange patterns of bullets you may see in trailer is really interesting in the real gameplay.I thought that this will be repetetive game after short time and hesitate to buy it in sale for 1,5€... But I would definitely willing to buy it for normal casual platformer game - that's 5€ (-:"
,Recommended,305050,17879800,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,dux0r,"This is a refined little beauty. From the store page, I expected a good looking but short and flat indie title with all the usual problems those come with. Instead I got an incredibly well put together, lengthy and polished title, the likes of which I'd expect from a triple A studio. The gorgeous animations, backgrounds, and other visual elements are definitely icing on the cake, but what makes this a great title is the masterful weave of mechanics and abilities with enemy interactions and platforming sections that always makes you feel like you're getting better while progressing through the game.HighlightsOutlands learning curve, for me, flowed in a natural progressive way. As a player I found myself constantly wanting to go further and progress just to see what was next. The unlocking of abilities on the way, and the interesting and fun boss fights were like the Golden Stars you got at school when you'd studied well, and really helped up the level of engagement.The little details have all clearly had time and effort spent on them making sure they turned out right. Everything from the ability to destroy heart drops to turn them into excess gold when you don't need life, to the placement of new enemies after a platforming section has been thought about by the developer and works together to compliment the players progress.The art style and sound deserve special mention, all sticking to various influences from Aztec, Incan, Mayan and even Olmec civilizations and all helping to promote a feeling of the spiritual and the historical and embolden the narrative, they work really well. Outland also has some of the best title screen narration I've heard in any game.Mistakes and AnnoyancesI expected a lot more frustration and annoyance than I found in this game, and the only things worth complaining about for me were little things that could've been fixed like the option of alternative pre-set control mappings, though even this has been addressed in a recent developer update. I only ran into one bug in my entire 8-hour playthrough which forced me to restart a boss fight. Other than that the only time I ever got frustrated in this game was when I screwed up a platforming section or didn't think through an enemy engagement before charging ahead. These annoyances set to show me I wasn't as good as I thought I was and needed to learn something before proceeding, as many of the good old-school games used to.RecommendationsCurrently selling on Steam at £6.99/9.99€/$9.99 and clocking in with an average playtime of 7-8 hours and close to double that for completionists, and with co-op and plenty of replay value, Outland is plain and simple good value for money if it's the genre of game you enjoy. There's even a Two-Pack option where you can save an extra 15-20% if you have someone to go in with.There's also a Special Edition at (locally) an extra 33% which includes the soundtrack and an artbook with some development history and plenty of screenshots. While the soundtrack is unarguably good, it's fairly bland and unexciting, and the art is gorgeous, it's still essentially a collection of things in a pdf which are already mostly unlocked in game. In short, the Special Edition is cheap, but doesn't add much value.Unedited review notes 02/09/2015 for Outland:||+Pretty as hell, the sizes/resolutions are also larger and nicer than usual|-Map legends/icons and controls are pretty weird and annoying to get used to|+Awesome narrator, this guy should narrate love books and GPS|-Game too hard to exit (6 menu selections?)|+Those boss fights are challenging, interesting, encouraging and always leave me with just 1 heart left|+Tons of smart little things like attacking hearts 3 times gives you gold instead all add ingenuity"
,Recommended,305050,16383394,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Zamug,"Very nice platformer so far. Interesting mechanics, nice visuals, the music is good (a little repetitive maybe), difficulty is alright, complexity is slowly increasing... very polished. The savepoints could be a little more frequent, but I guess that's due to the world being somewhat open and something I'll get used to.Update: Ok, so after ~10 hours I have almost completed the game, I have yet to beat the final boss. Yes, there are not enough savepoints in the game, and what's even more annoying is that when you exit the game the savepoint is reset and you have to restart the level. Outland is still a very nice game, and I can recommend it, but some parts can be a little frustrating (not enough savepoints).Update 2: Alright. So the boss I had to kill wasn't the final boss. There's apparently one more super boss hiding after three more levels, and those levels are just infuriating. They aren't really hard, but the lack of save points makes getting through them a real chore. Still a very good game up to that point."
,Recommended,305050,12317855,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos",This is a nice metroidvania lite similar to guacamelee. You can go back and explore but it's really rather linear after all. Still it's a very nice game and rewards the skilled player with stylish sword and jump action.So you got slashing and there's a lot of bullet dodging and platforming.Unique selling point of the game is you can switch your color to absorb same color bullets and hurt different color monsters among other environmental effects. Awesome when you can pull it off with the right timing.The graphics are very artsy which I personally liked and enemy and boss design was also good.Warning: you should use a xbox-controller and it seems vibration can't be switched off.
,Recommended,305050,15343717,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Keizgon,"Outland is a fluid platformer (Metroidvania cross with bullet hell) with a very good art style (music and graphics). The setting takes place in a jungle and puts the player against mythical gods of light and darkness. You eventually gain these light and darkness powers (as well as other platforming abilities) which you can swap between to traverse through obstacles and fight enemy types.For me, it really highlights like an older 2D Metroid-esque / Prince of Persia game mashed together pretty well. Of course, instead of shooting, you're using a sword and sliding into enemies.The story feels somewhat generic, but I would argue the entire setting is basically ""choose your own adventure"" in the sense you're filling the hero's shoes, which isn't a bad thing at all since the game-play is quite enjoyable. However, if this is based on an actual mythology (African / South American?), I would love to know!"
,Not Recommended,305050,33163845,Posted: 2 July,all,Sha|)ini0,A horrible exercise in frustration!The level design and platforming elements along with the blue/red switch are really cool. But the atrocious combat ruins what could have been a really fun and challenging platformer. The controls are bad and laggy. Collision and damage is very unfair. Enemies can damage you even though you haven't technically touched them yet (or vice-versa). Whereas your sword only registers half its length when you're attempting to swing at them from below. Couple that with an unforgiving checkpoint frequency and a game that has maybe 5 hours worth of content will span over a dozen because of all the boring boring boring repetition.I finally made it to the last boss but this one looks like it might take a month so I'm not too sure I even care enough to finish it anymore...It does have pretty graphics and lovely music!
,Recommended,305050,14060478,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Cyril,"I had high expectations for the game upon learning of its existence and I was ecstatic when it came to PC, but should I have been as hyped as I was?Uhh. I guess not quite, because it's not the best game ever, but still, Outland is pretty damn good.The game has quite the variety of different platforming and combat challenges over its pretty decent length (5 main worlds each broken down into a number of sublevels) and I can't really recall anything that felt unfair or unbalanced along the difficulty curve. The platforming and combat both feel fluid and fast-paced enough to be quite enjoyable, and the boss designs are all unique and interesting.The game is also one of the best-looking games I've ever seen, fantastic art direction and animations, and the soundtrack's pretty fitting for the game as well, though mildly forgettable. The game's just poetry in motion in that regards, and I had no instances of lagging or frames dropping or anything, it runs well too.Uhh what can I say negative about this. There seems to be a bit of a delay when switching colors, I've had many instances where I got corpse'd by a projectile and I was very visibly the same color as what killed me, which seems a bit borked. The game's also a bit small I guess, but not really, it just feels small because of how quickly it passed by I suppose! Though there seem to be more money vases listed than actually exist, I cannot find the last two and a quick google search showed that I was not alone in this regard. Maybe they were hidden in a boss room somewhere? I dunno.There's not much wrong with this game at all though, it doesn't bring anything new to the table but it puts all its elements together in an interesting, unique way to create a very solid platforming experience, definitely check this one out."
76561197993045961,Recommended,305050,12313532,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Nefer,"Gorgeous and challenging platformer, been waiting for this one to come to PC.   However you -NEED- a gamepad to play it optimally. Digging it so far!"
,Recommended,305050,12319762,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,SlyCooperFan1,"I bought this game when it first came out on the PlayStation Network in 2011. It was delayed because of the infamous April 2011 PlayStation hack, but I didn't know about it until the day it released. I played the demo to see what it was about; immediately after finishing the demo, I ran to my dad and begged him to help me buy the game.Outland is an action platformer implementing a system that lots of gamers seem to have fond memories of whereas Outland is still the first instance of it to me: ""color"" switching. When you change to red energy, you can absorb red energy from the world and attack blue enemies. Vice versa, when you change to blue energy, you can absorb blue energy and attack red enemies. This comes together in a non-puzzle game to give you some challenges that you'll have to think for a moment about how to solve. That being said, there's nothing challenging about the ""puzzles"" you come across, and the solution is fairly simple. Easier said than done, as the saying goes!Gameplay: Outland's gameplay is very much based off of this one mechanic. You'll be color-switching a lot. Thankfully, it's done instantaneously through the push of a button, so you'll be back to hack-and-slashing as if nothing happened. Hack-and-slash is very expertly done here, and the color system is often used but never to a point where you get sick of it. It feels completely natural. Jumping and moving around feels fluid, and seems to work better than most other platformers. This is especially so with the wall-jumping, which, as other reviews have stated, works better here than anywhere else. Boss fights are given major importance, and the game does well at making them feel large and epic even when they don't have to be. It works brilliantly.Story: The story is so intriguing. This is a case of ""the story is minimal and doesn't matter much"" and ""it's good enough to make you want to keep going and enjoy it"" at the same time. You play a man who has been experiencing visions of the past due to your spirit being a reincarnation of a hero from 30,000 years ago. You're tasked with the same quest that he was: defeat the Sisters of Chaos who aim to destroy the world that they created. The enemies you meet were once good, but they have been corrupted by Chaos, and you must defeat them to restore balance to the Earth along the way. The only voice actor is the narrator, and while his lines and acting are not as iconic as Bastion's, he gives a solid performance that has stuck with me.Music/Sound Design: I want to keep this short and sweet: Buy the Outland - Special Edition pack. I did so as soon as I could. You won't regret owning the soundtrack, composed by Ari Pulkkinen (Super Stardust HD, Trine, Angry Birds, Resogun). The music fits perfectly with the settings they were composed for, and the boss fight tracks have been on loop on my computer since 2011. As for the sound design, it's absolutely solid. That sound when your blade hits an enemy is one of my favorite, and there's a lot of subtle cues like running through the grass, sliding down a wall, that just make this feel like a living world. For an Earth corrupted by Chaos, it still sounds beautiful.Graphics: And I thought the graphics were beautiful on the PS3! Holy crap! The game looks absolutely gorgeous at 1920x1080. I can't tell you if a game is running at 30fps or 60fps because I really don't care either way, but the game definitely runs smoothly on my computers with no issues.Summary: For an indie game at $10, you are not going to go wrong here. The replayability is definitely limited, but the experience is one that may stick with you for three years like it has for me. There are few minor issues with the PC port specifically (I don't want to see two control schemes at once), but those absolutely pale in comparison to the rest of the game. I have recommended Outland to all of my friends since 2011, and that has not changed.EDIT Oct 21 2014: I have now played co-op since writing the review, which works just as well as on the PS3 version. Unfortunately, that also means the game is just as dead, so if you want to play the campaign in full co-op or do the co-op challenges for the achievement, I'd suggest getting a friend.Additionally, Housemarque and the devs at Knockout Games who ported Outland to PC are continously updating the game! My review previously mentioned a bug with the intro video glitching out, and this has since been fixed along with other updates such as better GPU handling and smoother co-op experiences."
,Recommended,305050,32863252,Posted: 27 June,all,NagiSoi,"Average platformer, the default controls have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ layout. If you don't try to look for everything takes about 5-7hs at max to beat it, good price when its 70-90% off."
,Recommended,305050,33109140,Posted: 1 July,all,qlimothkey,Remind me of the prince of persia mobile game. Beautiful graphics. Easy control. Interesting song. 4.321 / 5
,Recommended,305050,20241727,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Reeves,Pretty dece on coop.
,Recommended,305050,19255429,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Dreamer Alone,"I'll be honest, I'm not sure if I like this game or not.The gameplay is nothing outstanding, but entertaining to play with someone else. But a thing that bothered me and my gf the whole time was the jump, it felt like it unnatural and predetermined, it didn't flow well and we were never quite sure if it would do what we wanted.If you can get used to this, by all means, go on."
76561198115066504,Recommended,305050,20210668,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Michael Transaction,Excellent level design and tight controls make for an excellent 2D platformer. Didn't care much for the story. Would highly recommend playing with a controller.
,Recommended,305050,19276684,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Shawnecy,"Solid platforming controls, decent graphics, nice music & sounds. Level design is fairly clever. Your character unlocks abilities by visiting different stages in the game world. The game unlocks linearly, but you can revisit old stages whenever and can do so in any order. The game looks like a bullet hell plaformer but it doesn't feel too much more bullet hell than any typical metroidvania platformer. This game is comparable to Mark of the Ninja or Guacamelee. Outside of the color switching mechanic, this plays a lot like them. I do wish the combat was slightly more involved. For instance, I often found myself wishing I had a diagonal downward attack to kill enemies on platforms I'm approaching in midair. There's a rage bar you build up by killing enemies, and you have a few moves that consume that rage. I probably should've used those moves more but they felt more tacked on here (I believe they're color-agnostic abilities).Overall though, the game is a lot of fun and if you like metroidvanias even a little, I'd recommend this wholeheartedly. 8/10."
76561198072965532,Not Recommended,305050,20348790,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Pyre,"This game lacks much in the way of innovation. The first couple hours are ok when you're unlocking new powers etc, but after that point it becomes painfully samey, to the point where I was skipping combat just to finish the game. It was a sigh of relief to finish it. It's not horrid, but I wouldn't reccommend it, you can do much better for a puzzle platformer."
,Not Recommended,305050,24588068,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Studio Felicita,"this may seem a little odd but i find myself both loving and hating Outland. that being said, Outland is a gorgeous game filled with a beautiful art, soundtrack and clever gameplay.let me start first off by the positive apects of the game: Outland succesfully delivers a detailed environment and atmosphere by having a good soundtracks and gorgeous art that makes it very beautiful. the story of Outland is about the world in chaos because the guardians defect the gods then the gods decide to choose the Hero to bring balance to the world, it sounds simple but it actually sounds like a good story (i'll come back later to it). the gameplay is clever that it makes you think about every movements you take whether to defeat enemies or beat puzzles, swifting between Light and Dark is a clever idea and it really works well with Outland's world and story.but there are a couple of things i think Outland doesn't do well: story, characters and the world. i already said the premise of Outland's story is good and it sounds like a good story. that being said, Outland never really tells the players about the Hero (player), there are some games like Limbo where there are no dialogue at all but they tell stories through background and events. Outland has a narration and narrator telling us stories but it fails to deliver the story. by the time i truly understand the Hero is some kind of reincarnated version of the Ancient Hero (please correct me if i'm wrong), the game reaches its credit. i don't understand that at the beginning of the game, the Hero is sitting with the narrator (i know this because i read it on wikipedia, not because the game tells about it) then The Hero runs through the path and lo and behold there are monsters. i don't think this is believable enough because i don't understand the world. the Hero is wearing modern clothes with a glowing tattoo from his Ancient Hero so that means the world is a modern world but ever since the game begins, the world doesn't look like a modern world, it looks like a jungle filled with altars, snow places (?) underworld (?) and a lot of monsters. i couldn't really grasp where i am as a player and as The Hero. the Hero doesn't really have a personality and whenever he beats a boss (which are always the guardians who went berserk), the Hero doesn't respond. he just stands still then teleported back to the center of the map which is a shame because first i don't know about this guy and second the developers doensn't give me a chance to know this guy. the puzzles in Outland is good but it becomes silly and ridiculous if you compare it with its world, i mean if The Hero isn't at the Outland world, do the puzzles keep on repeating its pattern? . the enemies (monsters) in Outland is just there for the Heroes to beat and that's it, they don't have anything to do other than walking and attacking you and one thing i really hate about Outland is  whenever i touch or bump into enemies, i am damaged, which doesn't make sense, some of the enemies have thorns and if you bump into them then you are damaged, THAT makes sense. but other enemies that don't have thorns have the same logic, if you bump into them even from behind, you are damaged, i always wonder if the Hero is allergic to them but it doesn't make sense because there are Light and Dark elements in Outland and you can switch between them at anytime and say if i switch to Dark and the enemies are Dark but when i bump into them or if i get attacked by them (melee), i am damaged but whenever the same element enemies shoot me , i am not damaged at all, which for me it's inconcistent and such a shame the developers doensn't think about that. The Hero's movement is super fast so it's often very hard to control him whenever i try to solve puzzles, i joked about calling the game ""The Runner"" because The Hero seems to be in a hurry and he keep on sprinting and sprinting.nevertheless, Outland is great at its celever gameplay, puzzles, soundtrack and gorgeous art but it falls short because it lacks story, character developments, believability and its world.buy this game if you want to experience a fresh gaming experience. otherwise, don't.i give Outland 6.5/10"
76561198009784146,Not Recommended,305050,21879617,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,wumpkin,"Okay game, but bad netcode negated the reason I bought this."
76561198138681880,Not Recommended,305050,22126438,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,DimitrisP002,the only reason i don't recommend this game is for the controlsthey just SUCK(https://steamcommunity.com/app/305050/discussions/0/613937306837760462/)
,Recommended,305050,17855884,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Spektrum,"Great art, soundtrack, and gameplay."
,Not Recommended,305050,18389001,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Muftwin,Outland is a touhou action platformer.Boring Level design. Comparing to guacamelee this game is very unrewarding all the extra little secret areas give only a few gold pieces which can be used to buy health and stamina. Guacamelee gives a nice progress system towards higher health and stamina. No need to fight the simple enemys running past them is much more effective. Just tank the bullets try to touhou switch but if you miss its probly no big deal. Lots of waiting for moving platforms.Combat system is much worse than Guacamelees great combat system. This one is basicly just spam attacks sometimes move away. Stamina doesnt auto recharge but the abilitys it allows arent very useful anyways. Monsters cant even find you if you walk off a ledge nearby. Again why even bother to fight them just jump over them and keep running. Most monsters are annoying and uninteresting. Theres this big guy thats like a miniboss that appears 3 times you have to fight. The first time i just held down right and slide attack. The other 2 times he has a really small hit window and it seems random if he hits you back when you attack him. The actual boss fights just seem pretty boring and weird.Most of the achievments are perfectly managable. One is for doing a coop level and theres no local coop good luck finding a partner online. Last acheivement sucks. Have to spend a few hours grinding gold. I only got like 200k during the game the achievement is for 1m. Dont get the health upgrades it makes it slower and the bosses drop extra hp when your about to die anyways so you dont need it. Better yet just dont get this game Guacamelee is strictly better than this game imo.
,Not Recommended,305050,18479066,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Gyrosaurus,"It's an all around meh.I honestly couldn't wait for it to be over so I could never play it again. 4h and I was done.Everything Outland does other games have done better. Guacamelee has done all of it better.Also there's a reason human eyesight is not dicromatic, and this game made me understand why.Very beautiful art though. And the game was clearly designed for an xbox controller."
,Recommended,305050,30583158,Posted: 17 March,all,rhywun,"Fun & polished action platformer with tight controls (Xbox 360 wireless works fine even on a Mac), great visuals and sounds, and an especially wonderful if not particularly detailed world that is nevertheless just very enjoyable to hang out in. Difficulty is just right for me - probably easy for others. Eventually I hit a boss maybe halfway (?) through that is too hard for me but I'm starting over to see if I can make it farther - the game is enjoyable enough to replay after some time away."
,Recommended,305050,25889311,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,rafasc_94,"ok a tl dr type of reviewpros - interesting platforming- open world- interesting bosses- for a simplistic combat system, you can still perfom cool comboscons - game teaches you that (ex) if you are  red you can get it by red shots and not lose hp, however red enemies can deal you damage if you are red. imo it causes in your subconcious to change to red to avoid damage but you will still get damaged- old annoying mechanic where if you touch an enemie you will get damagedoveral good fun game"
,Recommended,305050,26078252,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Al-Crypt.zu],Beautiful arcade game
,Recommended,305050,17967443,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Vortiene,"So this game is great. Metroidvania style gameplay with some bullet hell elements. Melee combat with a single beam attack and an AOE aura attack you both get later on (mana-based attacks). You can switch from red (dark) to blue (light) modes, which allow you to absorb bullets of the same color, while also allowing you to damage enemies of the opposite color. This makes for some interesting color-switching gameplay.Pluses:The game has very beautiful concept-art-ish backgrounds. A lot of blacks, but the game doesn't seem overly dark since it is colored with red and blue everywhere. You'll visit a jungle, an underworld cave area, an ancient city, and other such cool places.Combat is quite fluid, movement feels responsive. Not very restrictive. Not hugely combo-based but you can fly through enemies gracefully once you get the controls down. Speaking of controls, you probably should play with a controller here. It's not designed originally for keyboards as a console title.There isn't much downtime in the game, you move straight to the next portion without any interruption. Collecting everything is enjoyable, and usually rewarding.Music is subdued but well done. You probably won't be able to hum the OST after playing this game in full, but the music isn't out of place or jarring.The visuals are stylized enough that they will never look dated. Very nice.Bosses are the most enjoyable portion of the game. Only the last boss is an exception.Game has a reasonable amount of difficulty. It's challenging, but not ridiculous. No frustrating parts.Minuses:It feels like this game could have used a dodge mechanic. It plays fine without one, but would have been so much more fluid with one.Platforming and bullet-avoidance is more the focus in the game. Combat seems to be sidelined outside of bosses, which is okay, and I think it works, but is a bit dissappointing.The last boss is underwhelming, and its difficulty is entirely placed on the few awkwardnesses the controls have. For example, you can't easily attack below you in the air without having to do a ""ground pound""-esque attack which plummets you off the level, which is one of the only reasons the last boss becomes difficult.The powerups you receive in the game aren't useless for the most part, but the latter ones seem like they aren't better than what you already have, and are just there to enable you to reach the next area. They are supposed to be additions to your combat capabilities, but some of are mostly relegated to traversal techniques rather than combo-additives.The story is pretty half-baked. I understand the game is supposed to be minimally invasive and have almost no interruptions from the experience. This is good, but I think a game needs to have some backstory if it's going to have a story at all. For example, there's unlockable art pieces. Just have the game's background lore in text form unlocked the same way. This means people wishing to learn more about the game's story can check it out. Otherwise it seems like no effort was put into the story.In the end, this game is great for the gameplay and relatively good artistic style. For fans of metroidvania games, this is 8-12 hours well spent.Note: Two of the achievements are a pain. One requires a co-op level to be completed, which is reliant on the game having an active community, which it won't, since it's a linear single-player game in its core. The other requires the collection of 1000000 doubloons, which requires around 1.5 hours of grinding minimum after collecting everything in the game. I don't think that's good design, to require grinding aimlessly to receive one of the achievements. To be clear, there's no way you could get 1000000 doubloons without at least a bit of grinding."
76561198073841664,Not Recommended,305050,17214410,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,gonzo191,"A metroidvania which mixes the polarity switching of Ikaruga, exploration, action, plaforming into one package.Pros- Visually, it's beautiful with its Limbo-like silhouettes and stark colour contrast provided by the enemy and bullet patterns.- Audio is somewhat muted but quite enjoyable.- Platforming concepts such as matching colour polarity with traversing the environment.Cons- The controls are plain horrible. You feel extremely sticky and slippery at the same time. The reason for that is as a result of the acceleration the player has. You often find yourself overshooting jumps due to the acceleration or you undershoot jumps resulting from the sheer sluggishness of the inputs.- Input lag will destroy your enjoyment. Maybe this is a result of the frame rate it's being run at which wouldn't surprise me if it was 30fps or under as it sure feels like it.- Polarity platforming sections are dragged down by the input lag\momentum based acceleration.- Combat seems a bit out of placed as you find yourself constantly being interrupted while exploring by some mundane combat sequences.- Frame rate seems to take a hit sometimes and other times the game just feels so slow.- There are instances when entering rooms you simply run  into the room a good distance and if there's an enemy there you run straight into the enemy as you don't have direct control when during this phase. Control is only returned to you when you're very close to the enemy resulting in unavoidable damage.- From the 2 hours I've played it seems rather boring and uninteresting, though this may be subjective to my likes.VerdictThe flaws killed any enjoyment I was having with the game. I don't mind not being able to rebind the controls as long as there sensible which they are. However, everything else such as controls, input responsiveness and frame rate need to be up to par and this just wasn't. Can't give a solid recommendation so play at your own risk maybe you'll have a better time with it than I did."
76561198078366064,Recommended,305050,31755745,Posted: 14 May,all,Hi Five,Had so much fun with a friend :D
,Not Recommended,305050,18001595,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Lintire,"Outland is a 2011 action-platformer by impressively longtime under-the-radar developer Housemarque, who've made games for platforms nobody has heard of and went on to develop the much-acclaimed title Resogun. It'll run well on just about anything and has full gamepad support, which I suggest you use.The majority of the time spent in Outland is spent following a pre-established route through a larger map, dealing with simple enemy types with a simple moveset, and deceptively simple puzzle traps that evoke ""bullet hell"" imagery.While your moveset caps out the minute you get the melee attack and all regular enemies are dealt with in very few ways, it's quick enough that it doesn't drag the game down and adds needed spice to the platforming, which abuses a generic light/dark state mechanic to some impressive lengths.As far as the platforming pacing goes, it's palpable, with a nice amount of variety in platforming obstacle courses to keep you on your toes. Not quite a precision platformer and not quite an adventure platformer, Outland strikes a pleasing balance between the two, and the game is at it's best when you're platforming through a series of challenges.None of the game supports this and that ends up tearing it apart.Every ounce of the setting is all atmosphere and no substance. Outland attempts a constant air of pseudo-ambiance, which mixes with high-intensity platforming like caramel does with genocide. The sounds of birds fluttering through the trees is grossly out of place while you're busy playing Ceiling Fan Man meets Diarrhea Convention.With that mental image, the aesthetic is initially pretty but the novelty wears off extremely quickly when it becomes obvious that the stages themselves never advance beyond abstract black shapes. It just amounts to different coloured backdrops that fade into visual noise - noise that, during the more intense parts of the game, I found myself resenting for being too distracting. It doesn't mesh with the gameplay at all.The story is a joke - apart from a paragraph of narration about some lore after each boss, it's just your ""Hero"" and the floating ball of light that leads you by the nose. It's not engrossing in the slightest, and by the time the end wrapped up I found that I didn't care in the slightest about this patchwork world. Neither did the developers, judging by the limp end.There are no noteworthy moments. There's no real landmarks, nothing of note that goes on. Everything from the dialogue to the environment art blends together into a single bland stew. Like a single key on a piano being held down for 8 hours, Outland is a one-note experience.None of this would even matter, except the gameplay is too slow, simple and unchanging to be engrossing without supporting material that just isn't there.Outland committed the biggest sin a game could - it became boring. A chore.No single element about Outland is bad, but it tears itself apart trying to aim for two completely disparate directions and feels completely unsatisfying as a result. For everything that Outland does, there's several games that do it better.Unless you're looking for a short romp to drag yourself through , get disappointed and immediately forget about, I wouldn't recommend Outland."
,Recommended,305050,15340907,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"I really like this game, one of the best platformers I have played in a long time. It is one of the rare platformers that manages to be challenging but in a comfortable way, not with loads of BS and what not. It is a complete joy to play and is a rare time that I have almost no negatives to point out about a game. After I started this for the first time I sat and played it for two hours straight. The last entire hour I had to pee but I kept saying ""after the next checkpoint"" at least a dozen times. It is super fun and addicting and it has what a lot of these indie platformers purposely leave out to artificially increase a game's difficulty: tight controls. A example of a game with awful loose slippery controls like you are sliding on ice would be Super House of Ice Skating Ninjas. The controls here are for the most part very tight. The jumping takes a little time to get used to, but pretty much not more than ten minutes or so. The difficulty comes from the level hazards that shoot out waves of blue and red balls, forcing you to switch your attunement accordingly. So far it has been pretty challenging but fair, my deaths coming from my error only. Another problem with a lot of bad platformers is bad checkpointing. Here, checkpoints are well placed. The combat is fluid, the sounds are great, the ambient background music is nice, and the gameplay is all around a lot of fun. Being able to bust up a green heart for coins instead of grabbing it for health is a great sense of accomplishment since it is not easy to stay at full health or even close to it. I usually stay at half hearts on average. As far as MP goes, you will not find anyone online for a co-op unless you play with a friend or ask for a partner in the forums. The graphics are superb, especially the multi-layered backgrounds. Very impressive. I wouldn't consider this a metroid-type because you just clear a area and move on. Any backtracking you do is swift and it gets you to another newly reachable area without too much delay. The map system doesn't look like a metroid map which is the point at which I would say that it isn't quite a metroid type. It is fast-paced, has a good flow, and looks great. As far as length goes it is about 6-8 hours long. One of my more favorite platformers that I have played in a while. $2.50 was a pretty good deal.8/10"
76561198060076497,Recommended,305050,12372043,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,SinisterChill,"This is one of the best platformers i have ever played. the graphics are what really got me and the combat. But the story, its ok but better than most plaformers this year. Trust me i had to have this game. This game will blow your freaking mind the art design made me cry."
76561198060705215,Not Recommended,305050,17905444,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,inspectorcat,I was bored out of my skull playing this game. Better buy Ori & The Blind Forest.
,Not Recommended,305050,18335169,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,MrChance,"I'm checking ""No"" until the multiplayer is fixed. This is horrible."
,Not Recommended,305050,33733753,Posted: 22 July,all,webb.exe,Repetitive and dull.
76561198035862417,Not Recommended,305050,17591519,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,gerbilattack,"80% of this game is outstanding, i cannot recommend it; however, due to the 20% that is terrible being the last 20% of the game;Note: spoilers abound in this review!The game starts with your silent protagonist in a beutifully minamalistoc world, the jump seemed initially clucnky, but that was no longer an issue by the end of the first prequel level. The enemies clearly stand out, have simple and elegant designs, having few uneccessary fetures, which only are there to make the enemy varients more clear, and add to the asthetic involved. The first boss is while not easy, becaome easy after you figure out his patters; to get all the upgrades though there is a coin system, coin farming in entirely uneccesary, but getting every coin pot you can is still recommended. Your character picks up several abilities, the most important (which forever changes you from the gold and black colorscheme) is the polarity mechanic you do not immediatly gain the polarity powers, and only after you gain both can you switch between them, An early flashback gives you an idea of how this works (and will work when you can) to when your appetite. As you go through a number of well drawn, and well desgined stages, you may begin to be very glad you purchased such a well made game. Wexept for a few hiccups mid way through the game, it seems very close to perfect (as far as platfprmers are concened).But why would i still not reccomend the game if most of it is so good?The final boss you fight is a feathered serpent, which as a lot of build up towards it; each of these guardians was an inportant figure in the rich lore and the featherd serpent seems like it would be a dymanic battle (like many of those previous) and with all your new abilities, it seems like you could have a nice arena, and perhaps some reward for victory that really makes you feel like a legendary hero. The fight starts with three autoscrolling and rather minimalistic platforming sections: go too slow, and you get hit by a death beam, fall off and lose qa heart but get placed in a managable spot; the death beam only deals 1 heart of damage, but also destorys platforms thus eating a second heard and putting you in a tolorable respawn point. Each of these sections has a checkpoint in between. After all that running which helps hyp up the fight, even in the running stages are bland, you get ont a lift, which rises into the air and hang there for a second. The Ser[ent arrives and the battle begins!but wait... how do you fight? While it was kind of refreshing to play a game with simple enough controls, and does not feel the need to baby you through everything, i had to look up a guide to figure out how to do any damage; in this fight you spend the entire fight on the beasts back; rendering it's belly mounted death cannons useless and pointless; if an autoscrolling buildup run was necessary, you counld have had the serpend bust through the building with its body, or start the collapse of the temple. Further after a good 15 seconds where no damageable portions are visible, and it has stared raining down polarity colored bombs you will quickly notice your health dropping. Thus is due to the fact that though the bombs are polarity colored, (and suffer damage appropriately)  they deal neutral damage, which means you screen has a dust sand particles moving across the screen, some of which damage you wen some spots on the monster light up. To damage it ou must use the ground stomp; though the raised sections look like you could cut them, and disply the hit animation, unless you stomp, its hitpoint bad does not decrease. After figuring this out, you have to hit the three buttons as the appropriate polatity a few times, and for the latter two the boss starts firring bullets from its fins at the buttons. Unlike the previous two bosses, who despite having basic attack patters, seemed to be fighting you this boss seems to be all but ignoring you as to try to kill it, thetting random debries fight for it. After 3 rounds of button stomping, its head graphic changes a little (it is not easy to see the change due to all the crap onscreen) and becomes damageable by your attacks; and you now need to beat that to death before you run out of hearts. After this monumental battle, the freeroaming aspect of the game is abruptly removed. You go back to the portal, (now unlocked) and are spawned on thedoor, so that as soon as you move you have to start the final set of levels from which there is no return (as far as i could find). In the final levels the goddesses will swap the polarities of all enemies. This would be neat if it was handles better; however, the goddeses have a number of criteria determining when to do the swap (so it seems almost random), they can do it while enemies are mid attack animation (which can result in a swift death), and if that was not annoying enough the aonly warning you get is a screen flash (obscuring everything) which animation begins the instant the color is changed; this means your current attack begun well before the color change may find then enemy innume when it arrives, and already attacking. This turns all of the enjoayable aspects such as fluid mechanics irrelevant. I personally found any enjoment i previously experienced in this title shrivel to ashes with this changes, and as such i would recommoned you spend your money elsewhere.TL/DRMost of the game is good, but the ending is so bad that i would suggest something else; like Bastion (for fighting) or Bleed (for platforming, and fighting)."
,Not Recommended,305050,25762044,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,KI NI NARIMASU!,"The controls are odd and it was often unresponsive. When I tried to jump, lag hit me hard and I just died. Sometimes, I can't even jump. If you guys reach the maze part. Just give up and ask for refund(jk)."
,Not Recommended,305050,20501857,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Decapitator,"It has a lot of good points and a lot of bad points, but the combination of the lacklustre combat system with no dodge and taking damage (including constant knockback) just by touching or landing on enemies makes this game a frustrating grind fest.Initially I recommended it, but I've changed my mind as the game is just too frustrating now to play. It's a pity, considering how nice and atmospheric the game is with the artwork, animations, sounds, music and lighting brilliantly done, but they didn't spend enough time on the most important part: player interaction.Good points:+ Great sounds that give the a real sense of challenges the game is throwing at you+ Great atmospheric music (very high quality and sounds great on a good sound system)+ Love the artwork+ Excellent animations+ Great particle effects+ Immersive lighting+ Solid responsive controls that work really well when navigating levels and do their best with the limited combat system+ Being able to grab ledges and pull yourself up onto platforms is a big win. This is something I found infinitely frustrating in Guacamelee and I'm glad this isn't a problem in Outland!Bad points:- Touching enemies does damage and gives knockback. This is a TERRIBLE design decision and makes the lacklustre combat system even more tedious- The combat system is lacklustre, with only a few basic moves and no real combos- As you progress further into the game changing between light and dark is CONSTANT throughout ALL later levels. This should be limited to a few challenging sections on each level, especially because when combined with the lacklustre combat system, a limited variety of enemies and a limited variety of traps and projectiles this makes the game progress excessively tedious.- Stamina should auto-regenerate and health should get small bumps from slain enemies. This would have lead to a more effective combat system as more stamina moves could have been incorporated- No dodge- I can see an assignment for a shield (which I haven't come accross yet) and I believe this should come earlier in the game because there are enemies which I can't stun and need to block, but can't. With no dodge mechanic and no real fluidity to the combat system, I end up having to take unnecessary damage and this is frustrating- There isn't really a diverse array of traps and projectiles in the game. There are only spikes, beams and light ball projectiles- Certain sections of the game don't have the combinations of platforms and projectiles very well timed, so predicting a pattern for navigating these sections becomes a game of luck more than skill- The knockback from taking hits is much more debilitating than it needs to be. It disrupts game flow too much, especially when touching enemies causes knockback, so often when you try to fight a clustre of enemies, if you make one mistake, you end up just getting knocked around until you die. Once again this might not have been so bad if I could recover through the use of an effective combat system.- Not much of a variety of loot in the secret areas. It's either health or coins, but no character bonuses- Check points are erroneously spaced- Restarting the game DOES NOT take you back to your most recent checkpoint, but back to the beginning of the level you're on. This is also a really stupidly annoying design decision! It probably wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't for the tedious level progress- Changed options don't stick from previous game launches. Every time I launch the game, I have to turn Rumble off- Not much of a storyline"
,Not Recommended,305050,19459390,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,CryStooS,"The only advantage of this game is that it's nice. Good drawings in the bakckground of levels. Color shifting makes enemies beutiful and gives some of the dynamic gameplay. But...That's all. Nothing new. Just an ordinary 2D game with slashing enemies and playing with colors. Every boss have own schematics of attacking, lesser enemies are easy to kill. Or you can just bypass them.I am very proud, 'cause I finally ginished this game. It was hard and exhausting at the end.There's many other games of this genre with better story, more levels and some of them are just cheaper..."
,Not Recommended,305050,17906034,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Rumbletoad,Interactive Penectomy Simulator!
,Not Recommended,305050,17963761,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,DeRais,"This game looks great, and I feel like it's a game I would have enjoyed playing.  However, I can't abide the lack of remappable keys.  If you, as a developer, don't even bother to put a feature like that into your game...all you're telling us is that you really don't care about how we want to play it.  If I wanted that, I'd play on a console."
76561198073889049,Not Recommended,305050,32894364,Posted: 27 June,all,Kentucky Fried Children,"I was attracted to Outland due to having almost identical tags to a game that I recently adored called Hollow Knight and very high review scores but it turns out I found Outland just too boring after a few hours and just quit. The game just felt too drab to me.The platforming is fluid and heavily momentum based which is absolutely dire to control and only improves a little as you get used to it (I guess it would be great for the speed running types though) however the fighting has a nice weight to it and is very fluid. It has a sense of  the ""git gud"" type of games which I have enjoyed many times before but this game just doesn't make me want to git gud as the challenges just seem frustrating to me and I feel no satisfaction in completing them nor do I feel much inprovement.The Soundtrack is ok though, I liked the boss theme (sad there was only one though as far as I played which was the first three bosses) and the second boss I found pretty enjoyable but in the end I was left thoroughly dissapointed by the experience as a whole.I'm not saying you shouldn't buy this game, I bought it in the steam sale for £0.69 ($0.99) so I guess I got more than what I paid for and judging by the high reviews you may enjoy it but It's just not something I can recommend.MUST NOTE: If you decide to buy the game, the key binings are absolutely horrible for keyboard however they have implimented a rather crude way to fix it. Just browse local files and there is a keymapping ini file in which you can rebind keys."
,Recommended,305050,21763149,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Hu$tl3r,Awesome platformer with nice gfx !
76561198261273611,Recommended,305050,33480672,Posted: 12 July,all,gonz,wow
76561197976837296,Not Recommended,305050,33622850,Posted: 17 July,all,mahkra,"Feels boring and uninspired. Looks pretty but honestly isn't much fun. If you want a good metroidvania platformer, go play Ori and the Blind Forest, even if it's not on sale."
,Recommended,305050,17389743,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Simms,The gameplay of Metroid mixed with the polarity system from Ikaruga finshed with the artstyle of Shadow of the Colossus. You've got yourself a threesome made in heaven.
,Recommended,305050,33107609,Posted: 1 July,all,Mxholland,Its a game that I got for a dollar what is there to complain about.
76561198209604063,Recommended,305050,22011508,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,*NiggaClan* DariusSmek,A very good game!
,Recommended,305050,30855366,Posted: 31 March,all,Alxsii,5/5
76561198031205864,Not Recommended,305050,33342445,Posted: 7 July,all,Robin,"Starts out well, but towards the end kinda badly designed sections ruin the game a bit. Graphics get in the way of gameplay, since everything that matters is either blue or red and enemies can ""hide"" inside a red/blue carpet of bullets and are almost impossible to see. Falling down to sections you can't see, hitting enemies you couldn't anticipate, long pointless walk or climbing ladder sections, lack of checkpoints were it matters most.If the game ended after the 4th boss, I could give it a thumbs up, but the last part is just so annoying and were most of the problems start to shine.."
,Recommended,305050,19502136,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,™ Æñç,lost interest shortly after the menu.
76561197997095172,Recommended,305050,25077270,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Outline,A solid platformer for a rainy day.
,Recommended,305050,24449786,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,IDon'tNeedAName,Best Game EVER
,Recommended,305050,12334806,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Arillius,"The game's good enough, I guess. The controls are good, the visuals look nice for this type of game and the story's pretty interesting as well so far during the time that I write this. Just be warned that you can't change controls so if you don't like how it's mapped out, then you're pretty out of luck. But, all in all, it's still a good enough game."
76561198091972361,Recommended,305050,12430492,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Khameleon,"Reminds me of Trine and Super Mario.  Side scroller that requires good timing and some combat skills.  The Co-op is a ton of fun, but requires a lot of communication and teamwork.  I have not had any disconnects while playing co-op but I do notice a little bit of a screen tear every few seconds.  It bothered me for a few minutes but then got used to it, since it didn't really affect our ability to play the game.  Don't bother playing with a keyboard, just plug in a remote.  Definitely worth 10 bucks."
76561197979487649,Recommended,305050,12514599,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Trashware,"Outland is a beautiful, stylish platformer succesfully exploiting a twist mechanic to the fullest. The artwork and character designs are really nice and the main reason for me to keep coming back at this game. Storywise there's not a lot going on, but it's presented in a nice way anyway. The meat of the game is at the level design and mechanics.The levels can be hard as nails at times, but never are they impossible. If you die a lot it's your own fault, so count to ten and try again. I haven't felt the need to throw my controller against the wall as yet, but I can't promise that won't change for the rest of the game. And still it is fun. There are multiple ways of using your color shift and other abilities to make your way, which give a sense of freedom and satisfaction once you manage to get through.The way the map works reminds me of the mazelike map Knytt uses but more lineair; you won't get lost as long as you follow the guide (but feel free to digress or come back at an earlier point to get some bonus loot).Yes, I recommend this game, either on sale or at full price. It's challenging, beautiful and addictive, so give it a go. I wouldn't know how it plays without a controller though, didn't have a reason to  try that. Same goes for co-op."
,Recommended,305050,14540568,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Hus,"Played it on PS3 before, and I am willing to play it again on PC"
,Recommended,305050,14776271,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ThunderZsolt,"this game is awesome!first, it looks really nice. i hate when developers think that platformer games were popular in the 1990's, the game have to look 20 years old. This game has a really good design, the visuals backed up with smooth music create a unique atmosphere, which improves the game experience a lot.second, the gameplay mechanics are also well designed. the use of the light and dark alignment is the key not just fighting enemies, but getting around the map too - platforms, blocks and spikes can appear/disappear depending on your colour.as you progress hrough levels, you unlock variuos skills/speial attacks, and different enemies appear, so the game doesn't get repetitive.the coop feels like a totally different game. you can use different alignments to make all platforms appear and fight all enemies at the same time. however, when you have to switch alignments rapidly, your coordination must be on point to get through some areas.also there are the coop challenges, which require really good communication. best (and also the most fun) is when you play local coop, or at least speak through voice chati have to note, however, that i find it a little annoying, that in coop mode you collect the money and the marks differently. since the achievements which involve the marks are tied to single player, this is not that big issue, but at some points you'll face the situation, that one player has the money for an upgrade, while the other doesn't. And in general, the amount of loot and enemies is the same, while you need twice as much to unlock everything. This might be because the coop is already easier, and on top of that you can revive your ally when he loses his last healthTL,DR: good game, do yourself a favor, and buy it!"
76561198067446107,Recommended,305050,15345355,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,masterswordlink,2D platforming done well and rewarding.Just finished the first boss fight and loved it.More games like this and I am happy as peanut in a peanut gallery.{that makes no sense}.But yes if u enjoy good platformers then this is 4 u.No one who is a fan of this type a game will be disapointed.
,Recommended,305050,15390128,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Saerydoth,"This game is hard to describe.  It's like...Super Metroid and Ikaruga got together and had a kid.  And somehow, even though that sounds like a weird combination, it somehow works.  It's a bullet hell platformer with the light/dark mechanic of Ikaruga.  It has some hard platforming puzzles at points, but it's nowhere near as hard as say, Guacamelee."
76561198181769681,Recommended,305050,15397003,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Toksikks,"Bought this and played it for a few hours. Really good game although its a bit frustrating at times. Since this game had full controller support, I played it with my controller. Only problem is that this game doesn't let you look around the map with the right joystick :(Other than this, I have no regrets buying this game"
76561198136806642,Recommended,305050,15401905,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Jimmy Neutron,this game is AWESOME. in the case of me only choosing one game for the rest of my life it is this one!!!
76561198064192992,Recommended,305050,15449710,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,BIGSEXXXY,"Great game for price (2.74 ON SALE), I dont know if I would purchace it for the full price (10.99)PROS-Fun Multi-player-can be hard at times :)-Beauty Graphics/Visuals-Fairly Simple Controls-Full Controler Support-Dece SoundtrackCONS-Kinda Buggy (I found jump doesnt always register along with some other buttons at times)For what the game is (side scroller/platformer) I give it 9/10And for the sale price I give it a BUY"
76561198152001411,Recommended,305050,15453279,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Pawliko,"Good game, best platform i played:)Definetely worth the price especially if its on sale right now:) Good co-op, no bugs, cool story :)"
,Recommended,305050,15691849,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"Fun basic game with a little bit of unique features.Good graphics (2-D), good pacing, a bit frustrating with jumping but lots of checkpoints.Some basic fighing, basic moves and dodging things. Nothing spectacular and a bit of repetitive jumping and typical obstacles but it can be simple fun.8/10 for a basic indie game standards and lower price range."
,Recommended,305050,15793922,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,emil_hedgehog,"Fun and quite challenging action platformer, with the main focus being on the ability to switch between blue (light) and red (dark) alignments in order to progress through the levels and fight the various monsters in each. It has a beautiful artstyle and a fitting orchestral soundtrack, both of which help to make this a nice little game that seems to have been overlooked by most people. It also has a co-op mode if you'd like to beat the story and extra challenge modes with a friend."
76561198167357035,Recommended,305050,16217433,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,dafnic,this game is so hard  you will rip all your hair trying to finish it. i made it to the final boss after 3 hours of trying i just gave up....if you are looking for challenge then look no further.
,Recommended,305050,16400379,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Alex Jones,"Amazing game. Beautiful art and very cool diverse mechanics and abilities. Plenty of levels to play, Co-Op mode is very fun with a friend. Also, singleplayer is great too with many modes such as story and arcade. Would reccomend! Told many friends about this game."
,Recommended,305050,16484446,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Eric the Goblin,I don't think it's possible to be any more satisfied with my purchase. This game is absolutely beautiful and a joy to play.Highly Recommended for fans of Zelda or Metroid.
76561198023117872,Recommended,305050,16520443,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dacoo,"A great game.As a long-time fan of side-scrollers and metroidvanias, this fell right in my realm, although I think it is a great game for about anyone.  The platforming is pretty good.  The combat with the light/dark switch makes for some clever scenarios.  The challenge was decent.You could argue that it isn't much of a metroidvania.  It does have the standard large map with many areas.  exploration is fairly minimal as the game tells exactly where to go at all times.  It does still require to get new moves to progress into new areas.The graphics are great.  The controls are very responsive (on par with a Megaman X, minus a bit of walking slide like Mario, and the wall slide could be a bit better).  I think there must be something up with drivers or something for those who complained about controls being unresponsive.  I never noticed anything like this, and I am one for very tight controls.  The level design is great.This will be a game I return to regularly.  Considering that I got it on sale for $2, it was an amazing buy.  Replay could be helped with difficulty settings.  I thought the difficulty level was pretty good for a first playthrough, but I would love a hard mode."
,Recommended,305050,16543121,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Akyiarin,"I have enjoyed this platformer a lot. The graphics are exceptional, the pace and mechanics take little effort to get used. It's definitely worth  the cost and I would recommend it to anyone."
76561198221908736,Recommended,305050,16556682,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,lowey81,This is actually a very good game.  I picked it up on sale for next to nothing and was not expecting much.  The graphics are great in the background and ok in the foreground.  The gameplay develops your characters abilities and storyline from extrememly simple to more complex.  Boss fights are spaced out pretty far between simple puzzles and challenges.  The boss fights have a smoothe mechanic and are very creative.  This game is simple to play but more advanced to master.
,Recommended,305050,16639749,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,teadrunks,Enjoy what seems to be a light show and die multiple times. My only complaint is how confusing the controls can be when starting out because they're extremely close on the keyboard but I'd say it's convenient when you get the hang of it.
,Recommended,305050,16717650,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Harcile,"Very impressed so far. Interesting gameplay mechanics, great presentation, runs like a dream. A very stylish platform game at a very reasonable price. Definitely one of the better platform game experiences on Steam."
,Recommended,305050,17360149,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Ciaran,I've really enjoyed the game so far.Graphically it's very pleasing.Mechanically with the phase shifting between light and dark is a great concept and very well implemented.I have not experienced the entire story mode as of yet but it is keeping me interested.My only criticism would be the claim for full controller support with no way of reassigning the controls.It is still a wonderful game and I do highly recommend it to anybody!
,Recommended,305050,17425380,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,J.MA,Laser Warrior Jumping Thing
,Recommended,305050,18021296,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Ark0s5,very good platform game but i seem to be incapable of finding a game online
,Recommended,305050,18188342,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Connor,"Ikaruga meets Ninja Gaiden. (Perhaps not quite that difficult...) Don't miss this one- as action platformers go, Outland is one of the better titles I've played.If you, like me, have terrible reflexes or clumsy fingers the story campaign will take you about 10 hours to complete, including the time spent finding all the secret areas and extra bonuses. If you really want to find all the goodies you'll have to backtrack some, but there's a teleport ability that makes it pretty easy to do.I'll be honest: I died while playing. A lot. I found Outland to be pretty challenging, but it wasn't unfair. There was only one instance where I thought a frustrating level was frustrating because it was designed poorly. The rest of my deaths? Entirely my fault, and I'm good with that.Two or three of the abilities are used once or twice right after you pick them up and are then promptly forgotten about. It would have been nice to have to unload your full arsenal on the final bosses- missed opportunity, in my opinion.The artwork is gorgeous. The amount of detail in the background, from the tiny spiders flitting around in dark corners to the water dripping overhead to clouds floating idly by in the distance, all of it's amazing, and all of it subtly varies in color and texture depending on your location in the world. Take a break from platforming to admire it often or you'll miss out on the full experience.There aren't many different music tracks in the game but the sound that's there is great. The boss themes will give you a rush every time you hear them.Buy yourself a copy. Outland is worth every penny, even when it's not on sale."
,Recommended,305050,14734095,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,GringoBurrito,"A light ""metroidvania"" styled game with pretty artwork and challenge enough for few nights worth of playing. Boss battles get more challenging and the environment changes for each theme to keep things going. What I missed though was an urge for exploring the places where you couldn't access before player acquires new skills. Looking forward to check out the co-op challenges, although they are only available online. Add some interesting rewards for keeping the exploration interesting and couch co-op, and things would look good for the next game. All in all: good buy."
,Recommended,305050,15067241,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,LIKEUCARE,"Solid platforming gaming with impressive visuals.Highly recommended for those who loves platforming games.Word of notice though, play with a controller for best experience."
,Recommended,305050,15449620,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Muscle Moose,"Yeah, definitely a great platformer with that age old, simple color/world/spirit changing mechanic. Though Outland is a platformer, metrdoivania, blah blah millions of genres, it's not those features which excel it; It's the boss battles. They can be killer and really, really unique. The final boss had me screaming with angry delight.Outland is definitely a 9/10. Minues some shallow level design at some points, this was a very enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,305050,18068177,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Tak!,"Outland is a sort of guided, primitive-themed, 2d metroidvania.The player controls a hero who is possessed by the spirits of past heroes, in a not-really-that-clear quest to save the world somehow, or something. He approaches this by navigating a series of geographically contiguous areas, defeating the bosses of each, and utilizing the abilities reaped to make his way to the previously inaccessible next area, finally having a showdown with some celestial dragon goddess sisters.In terms of gameplay, Outland really reminds me ofGuacamelee, and that's a good thing. The main game mechanic is the interplay of dark and light. The hero is (eventually) invested with both dark and light spirits - which one is currently embodied determines which enemies the hero can damage, which attacks can damage the hero, and how the hero interacts with various environmental elements (platforms, spikes, etc.). The areas are carefully constructed to take advantage of this, often forcing the hero to choose between dodging energy ""bullets"" or jumping over spikes, to switch spirits in midair, and so on.The art style is very polished and consistent. The bright, active backgrounds in some areas can be extremely distracting, but it feels like the designers made this choice intentionally to put pressure on the player's focus and concentration.According to Steam, it took me about 6.5 hours to complete the main singleplayer campaign (at least 2 hours of that must have been boss fights), with maybe ⅔ of the optional secrets discovered.I played through on Ubuntu 15.04. Performance was good, my dualshock3 gamepad was perfectly supported, and I didn't encounter any crashes or other problems."
76561198138630203,Recommended,305050,15404504,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Abraham Lincoln,I love this game! it runs very smoothly on even my old laptop with high graphics. the story is good and although some of the enemies can be a bit annoying (Im talking about the beetles) the mechanix required to beat them is cleaver and rewarding. but still better to w8 for it to go on sale. however even at full price it is still worth it.
,Recommended,305050,18918896,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Womackx,what the helltoo many circles
76561198069204393,Recommended,305050,12760468,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,AH6,Best platformer to date.Same level as Strider
76561198010641857,Not Recommended,305050,18464684,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Ivan Moreira,"its a pretty platformer. and thats it.the combat is dull and forgetfull.the music and ambience is ok, nothing more.the platforming is sometimes clunsy, sometimes more of the same.it feels void. it needs something that brings it apart from other platformers, and it just doesnt have it.buy trine or trine 2, instead. much more interesting."
,Not Recommended,305050,22018142,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Reyes,Is this elysian tales?
76561198150274551,Recommended,305050,14491384,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,...and a voice was screaming...,"Like the side-scrollers of old, tis' an adventure through a labrynth full of wonders and mysteries.It's really simple fun.Except for the really hard crazy complex gauntlets. Really good game. Gets pretty brutal."
76561198083848552,Recommended,305050,14491223,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Fartnado,Holy balls!Those boss fights are amazing!(But sometimes game can be very very veeeery annoying... I'm talking about little spiders...)
,Not Recommended,305050,25073981,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Hadramar,"Outland is an unoriginal, unimaginative game that slaps a coat of paint on a too familiar skeleton and pretends like that's enough, with bare-boned platforming, combat, and exploration, and no story to speak of without gravely insulting the term."
,Recommended,305050,32225592,Posted: 6 June,all,nathanbd4,Great 2D platformer.
76561197990836013,Recommended,305050,14452144,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Tyrion Lannister,"Awesome game, remind me the first Prince of Persia.. Fantastic visuals and gameplay too.. 9/10"
76561198054538711,Recommended,305050,12322742,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Preceptorbat,"Just played this game for about 30 minutes. I know it's not enough to post a review, but i guess a 2D side scrolling game tells a lot about itself if we find it awesome from the get go.This game is fantastic. The visuals, graphics are beautiful and often times, jaw dropping. The use of colors is the highlight here. Cool combination of colors makes the game look vivid. Sound is crisp and sharp. Gameplay is fun and highly responsive. It has a strong metroidvania layer into its gameplay. Meaning it involves frequent puzzles while moving about the levels.In short - Just get this game, good to fill up your time if you don't want to get into a AAA game right now."
76561198113050656,Recommended,305050,15389875,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,vivo,45min of gameplay review:You only need 5 to realize how awesome is this game
76561198127615622,Not Recommended,305050,25515288,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Kellion,Neutrals:-It plays ok-It looks ok-The sound is ok-It has ok bosses-It has ok progression-The combat is okCons:-Beyond generic and completely forgettable story-Dull gameplay after a while-IT'S SO BORING
76561198060003577,Recommended,305050,18012933,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Andrej Nikolajev,"My Co-Op Experience: Red, Blue, Red, Blue, Red, Blue, JUMP, don't die, please don't die, DOOOOON'T DIEEEEE!!!! Blue, red, blue, red, LOOT, LOOT, LOOOOOOT, LOOOOOOOOOOT, DIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"
76561198194887653,Recommended,305050,21941045,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,SzeChuan Sauce,So good game but How to play 2 players on one computer?
,Recommended,305050,34804335,Posted: 7 September,all,DarkRookie,Recommend
76561198167044551,Recommended,305050,15542611,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,✪ dodah,getting points yay.
76561198128287463,Recommended,305050,17824548,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Shiny Magikarp,"I love the artwork, I love the storytelling, I love the gameplay, I love the music, I love it all. Outland is one of my favorite 2D metroidvanias.In Outland you have to switch between two alginments/colors to defeat enemies and avoid obstacles. A large part of the game feels very much like a unique cross between metroidvania's and bullet hell games. This creates a pretty steep learning curve, but Outland feels SO good when you begin to master the movement and combat, though.The game is paced well, the bosses are fun, the visuals are pretty, the music is great, the combat doesn't stale (which is very important), and even the collectibles are a fun challenge.I don't have anything bad to say about Outland!"
,Recommended,305050,17898475,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,AV Archivist,It's alright. Creative but gameplay could have used some polish. Wait for a sale. Definitely not worth full price.
,Recommended,305050,12533807,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,[I.V] Kursix,"This game starts out slow but it gets a lot better once you've gained more abilities. Smooth gameplay and nice art style but I didn't care much for the controls on pc, this game is much better with a contoller.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqUIoclqypA"
,Not Recommended,305050,15457125,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,adam.belmont,"This game have a problem. In the last section of the game they didn't use the enviroment to make it hard. Instead they use a series of cheap moves. Sometimes you feel sometimes unfair the way the enemies shift from one color to the other which makes the games frustrating.The movements are slow and breaks the flow of the game. This makes the controls feel stiff, even when it's in fact, responsive."
,Recommended,305050,12292036,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Munithe EXT,"Played with a controller, very fluid gameplay.  Seems like a pretty nice game."
76561198362722560,Recommended,305050,31212418,Posted: 17 April,all,Domminator,a good metroidvania title.
,Recommended,305050,29177177,Posted: 10 January,all,lowercases,"No cute girls, 0/10."
,Not Recommended,305050,15556164,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,diegov_,"Great linux port and gamepad support.The game itself:* Small sprites* All sprites use the same colours (alternating between red and blue) and style, including your avatar. It's confusing at times* Often changing colours doesn't add any challenge, it's just a case of ""Right, I need to be blue for this enemy""* The art of all the levels is very similar, with only differences in hue and some barely noticeable backgrounds* Generic story about gods and the destruction of the world* Climbing action that adds very little and often causes jumps to be interrupted because you accidentally hit a ledge. The climbing animation is also slow* Constantly being told exactly where to go, and which path to takeNot recommended."
,Not Recommended,305050,15516042,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Bomadeno,"I was drawn in by the art and music, and the color change mechanic looked nice. I left after half an hour because the controls are just too sloppy for this kind of game. It's worth clarifying that I have no complaint about the controller support/keyboard.What is sloppy is the raw implementation. He's sluggish to respond to input - I can't quantify by how much, but it's crippling to a game of this nature. I press change color, and it happens perceptibly after I press the button. I'm sure I could learn to play with that, but it doesn't feel good. Secondly, the character has inappropriate acceleration and speed for the level design. He will frequently overshoot, undershoot and just generally jump to just the wrong height. It's possible to get used to no doubt, but for this kind of game it simply isn't fun. And that acceleration... wow. He won't move for almost as long as there is input lag, so you frequently accelerate for too long/not long enough. Argh. Finally, the levels are scattered with ledges which look in reach that aren't quite, jumps that look doable but aren't, and so on.Briefly touching on other stuff, the art was occasionally interesting but for the most part bland, making poor use of silhouettes. The story concept was a non-starter for me. The music was lovely, but it's not enough to redeem it for me.If the controller was overhauled, I might recommend this. That's never going to happen, so it's a thumbs down from me."
,Not Recommended,305050,15607339,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,thebunnyrules,"THE GOOD: It's an intensly beautiful game with alot of interesting platforming concepts: such as timing the switches between light and dark magic to avoid light and dark energy attacks, kill light and dark fiends, the story and the tribal setting is really facinating.THE NEGATIVE: It's repetitive, same thing over and over again. The levels designes and enemies are repetitive. Lazy lazy lazy....  They don't mix it up enough to keep it interesting and a few hours into the game it just becomes a painful chore to play. They just took the same levels, enemies and visuals and gameplay and cut and paste them across an endless ligne up of rooms that don't really seem different from one another. I got through 20 of them but then I said to myself, I have 50 other games in my library that are actually enjoyable, I'm over this.I usually avoid Ubisoft games because Ubisoft Montreal represents everything I don't want to $$$ support in a game studio, an intense amount of talent and potential in the lower echelons who pour their hearts and souls into the game and completly idiotic MBA grads on the top who try to be clever with the $$$$ and just mess the whole game up: ASSasin's CREED DISUNITY -  need I say more. Outbound seemed fresh, so I thought I'd support it and give it a try."
76561198008620069,Not Recommended,305050,14752121,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Hnglftz,"Outland is an interesting mixture of a light/dark system, bullethell and platformer. It's a shame this game is so awful due to its broken controls. The controls are so bad that playing Outland you think your playing an unbalanced beta. Let me explain this in more detail:-you accelerate and decelerate quite slowly-your maximum walking speed is rather high-the movement of the character seems a bit delayed-not jumping to maximum height is possible, but very fiddly-the character grabs edges automatically, but it is very diffucult to anticipate if this happens-switching between light and dark is very delayedSo you have a high speed platformer with delayed and sloppy controls. Good luck wih that...Besides the controls there are also some other negative things:-the graphics are very dull, everthing is just dark-blackish-in to many places you can just rush through, relying on the fact that you are invulnerable for a short time after a hit-there are to many parts where you have to observe a pattern or just wait for the enemy to do the ""right"" thing. Sometimes this game really asks for you patience and personally I thing that patience and platforming is a horrible combination.-Your health isn't refilled at checkpoints, but after resetted to a checkpoint you have full health. So the game forces you to commit suicide. It's a small detail but it shows how unpolished this game is."
,Recommended,305050,12294395,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,mikolajholowko,"Yeah, good. Get it!"
,Recommended,305050,25697088,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Darryl,tis is cuwl
76561197978199772,Not Recommended,305050,25847578,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Thom,Co-op mode doesnt work.Very frustrating.
,Not Recommended,305050,28182494,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Cartof,Extremely bad controlled with keyboard. Very sluggish.. If you play with keyboard.. just avoid this title.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_P54fT6HyQ
76561198003332779,Not Recommended,305050,15511996,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Boxxxed,"Terrible and laggy controls, unplayable."
,Recommended,305050,23691878,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,8/10 TJBs
76561197997969048,Not Recommended,305050,28301084,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Double_A_Ron,Super unforgiving. About as fun as getting punched in the face.
76561198315626015,Not Recommended,305050,34996561,Posted: 16 September,all,Syel Allouch,"Slow, but enjoyable. Good story, clunky controls."
,Not Recommended,305050,16278708,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Absolutely Haram,this looked like gr8 bantzand the design of the map behind the levels is tbh p gr8but it wasnt good bantz ;_;
,Not Recommended,305050,12301727,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Again, this is another situation where'd I'd like some sort of better choice then yes or no for recommendation.In short, this is the kind of game to pick up at a steam sale in my opinion.While there were enjoyable elements in particular with platforming, when it comes down to it, combat drags this game down and frankly the game just didn't keep my interest. New mechanics went away very easily and I never got into the groove of the game.Not to say the game is bad, it's visually appealing, and when the Ikaruga like elements work, they work well.It's just the type of game I see that could easily get your interest, or frankly could fall off the face of the earth. I my self can't recommend it, although I can understand why people would like it.More thoughts I've placed on the game is here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKsaJXS9St4"
,Not Recommended,305050,34016411,Posted: 4 August,all,Salsify,this game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,305050,31864233,Posted: 20 May,all,J04nm4c4t,"Well, this is difficult to explain, probably due to the main point in a videogame: fun. And ""Outland"" is not fun.It is a game with no remarcable history, probably because the game DOESN'T EXPLAIN NOTHING TO YOU. Under a very beautiful, gorgeous graphics and the intention to enter in the Indie market, Ubisoft created the perfect excuse to sell a pseudo-indie game with a lot of light but no essence.Well, ""a lot of red and blue light"", of course because the brightness in the game doesn't exist and this adds more difficulty to the game. But here we can see a second disturbing feature: the difficulty.Outland is not difficult, ergo is not amusing. A correct difficulty could represent a good point for a game which has no any kind of essence or purpose.I paid 1'60€ for this game but costs 9'99€. With 10€ you can find more amusing stuff here."
,Not Recommended,305050,31998958,Posted: 27 May,all,ムゲン ☄,"I got this game as part of a bundle.In two words: It's boring.Plain and simple.Controls are also annoying, there's a noticable delay before actions are executed and it's just got an overall 'sluggish' feel to it. It has absolutely none of the elements that make other platformers good: eg.Compelling storyGood graphicsFluid gameplay/controlsSo really nothing compels me to play it at all. I don't recommend, even for €10."
,Not Recommended,305050,12312174,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,gorby,"Awesome game, but the co-op is totally unplayable even with a ping of 40-50 to the person hosting the game.Blah blah, bad console port, co-op not thought through or tested sufficently, dont buy until they patch the co-op."
,Not Recommended,305050,28886328,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Books,"como el pico la wea weon no logro hacer nada y mi amigo se muere de cancer y tenia 3 meses para vivir y ahora le quite 5 horas por culpa de esta caga weonsendo lag hacia esta wea imposible y su ultimo deseo era jugarlo sin lag y el culiao se re pudrio en su camilla en el hospital, y ahora está 3 metros sobre el cielogracias por hacer el co-op una ♥♥♥♥♥♥ injugablecon amor, pinochet."
76561198185520325,Recommended,305050,29556224,Posted: 28 January,all,SpiderriaN,"This game is a cool little game that I was never expecting to find. I first saw it on Xbox live while at a friends house and it sparked my interest. It's basically a side scroller, hack and slash, adventure game. It's fun, it's beautiful in a simplistic way and it's got a great soundtrack. Would recomend to people looking for a new platformer to fill some time with"
76561198184693286,Recommended,305050,15433232,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Robin™,Beautiful game... So much fun and nostop gameplay. Artwork and OST are too cool. 100% recommended. Didn't tried co-op yet but single player is itself engaging.
,Recommended,305050,14429014,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,AZURE WITCH,"Nice Gameplay, the Place just look so premitive but, it's so great. I recomended this one :)"
,Recommended,305050,14693119,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,VENDETTA,Awesome platformer & action mix with a flawless linux port!
,Recommended,305050,16070794,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,weeniebutt,"i love every bit of this game, art style, level design, enemies, i could go all day long X3"
,Recommended,305050,15370827,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,biggaass,+ Nice graphics+ Awesome game mechanics (dual elements remind me of DmC Devil May Cry)+ Online coop multiplayer+ Linux support!!!- Awkward control (can be remapped though)- Can't remap keyboard control in game (need to edit ini file manually)- No remap option for gamepad/joystick...Overall a great game for a cheap price (I bought it during sales).
,Recommended,305050,19154656,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Anthony817,"An XBLA and PSN modern classic, recently ported over to PC with some nice extras like coop. Plus, it is one of the only newly released Ubisoft published games on Steam NOT requiring Uplay! I mean, everything about this game is awesome! Not having to deal with Uplay is a plus! This game is perfect for Big Picture mode. I don't have many hours on the PC version, but I have played a lot of it on the PS3. I never thought this game would ever come to the PC, let alone Steam, sans Uplay! If you love classic 2D platforming hack and slash puzzle games, then I can not recommend this game enough!It is absolutely WORTH the full price! If you can get it on sale then even better!If you are a fan of Metroid, Castlevavia, or similar 2D classics, this game is one of the best in recent times.9-10! Worth every penny!"
76561198155851402,Recommended,305050,20194792,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Lord McSmith,"Features some of the smoothest platforming controls I've ever seen in any game, and the unique bullet-hell puzzle elements and combat are supremely satisfying."
,Recommended,305050,24263096,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Madzeus®,A polarity platformer metroidvania with beautiful artwork.
,Recommended,305050,20678576,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,arbor day,Super Metroid had sex with Ikaruga and Outland popped out.
76561198024689730,Recommended,305050,21047630,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Laike Endaril,"Solid metroidvania style game with lots of flash.  Good progression, very nice graphics, sound, and music.  I have to call it ""A rainbow of 2 colors.""  There are more than 2 colors in the game mind you, but play it and you'll understand."
76561198071646366,Recommended,305050,21089743,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Zarchev,Hard game man
,Recommended,305050,20976813,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Henry Barrel,"Outlandis a nice sidescrolling game based on a phaseshifting gameplay.Your character can change between alight and a darkness-beingand you need this mechanic to activate switches or defeat enemys of the opposite shape. Iliked the musicfor the most and the changinganimation were fluent.The Graphics are simply but sometimes to uncluttered but with agood contrast, the action taken in color and the background in dark gray tones and black.The scrolling-event, after you activated a switch, wasn't were good coded. The screen faded out, faded in,  the camera moved to the activated event, moved back, faded out again and faded in again."
,Recommended,305050,21864767,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,✪ FP,A very good bargain if you purchase this game when it's on sale but I feel it's original price tag is a bit too overpriced. Still a very great game. :)
,Recommended,305050,21873906,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,An Actual Irish Accent,"This game will not screw around with handholding BS you have to figure it out sure there's a guide kind of thing but it doesn't hold your hand telling you it's gonna be alright it tells you ""do your f'in job you're a hero act like one"" you will fail a lot in this game i can tell you that it took me 10 tries to beat the first boss on easy (i don't pay attention there may not be set difficulty levels)  This really kinda reminds me of the ye olde Tomb Raider on the gameboy for those out there who played it. the only issue i have with this is that you can't seem to (or i'm just stupid and don't know how) configure custom controls i'd like to involve my mouse a bit more. it's no dark souls but it's not a cakewalk either once you get the hang of it it's very entertaining."
76561198281049420,Recommended,305050,21869974,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Хикка ДомоSAD,10/10
76561198274538486,Recommended,305050,21929015,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,goldgamerpup2003,This game is gorgeous. The artwork is amazing. The gameplay if fun while the controls can be a little confusing at times.
,Recommended,305050,21862741,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,akmccomas,"Im roughly 2 hours into this game, it is fantastic.i dont see this as having much replay value, but for less than a dollar, who can complain? i believe i may have about 3 more hours of value to extract out of the game, and i am happy to report that i regardless of the fact that i am playing with a keyboard, the controls work fine. i do have a feeling that this game would be a little more fun with a console style controller, maybe when i buy one that isint a total P.O.S. i can pull anouther couple hours of fun out of this awesome purchase.if its still on sale by the time you read this, BUY IT."
76561197995815520,Recommended,305050,21925565,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,gabrielpereca,"I concluded the Story mode with all the hidden stuff in 8 hours. There are still the arcade and multiplayer mode.I enjoyed this game and I don't remember the last time that I enjoyed so much a boss fight!I wish there were more weapons in this game, but because I didn't pay much for it, let's say that this is a suggestion for the Outland 2 (that if they ever release, I will definitely buy it!)."
76561197968752104,Recommended,305050,21823182,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,-=TcG=- sleepdeprived,"great game, gameplay is simple yet so hard.  very challeging end boss"
,Recommended,305050,21844214,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Willie D.C.,I've always wanted to get my hands on this on PS3 and I happened to get this during a sale on here. Very happy with what I bought. It's a lot of fun and a platformer that I don't think many will put down once you get started. Plus the switching between energy types is really a nice touch that just adds to the game. Plus it plays well and looks great. I recommend this game to anyone who loves platformers and may have had some experience with Ikaruga lol. Not really good with my words I just play the games and enjoy them. :)
76561197998859633,Recommended,305050,25350648,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,aramaz,One of the most enjoyable platformers. If you like games like Ori then you'd definitely wanna give this a try.
,Recommended,305050,30862956,Posted: 31 March,all,Reeze The Vampire,"I want to start by saying that this is not metroidvania....not really. There is little to no backtracking, no loot, and you are giuded on where to go at all times. That said, Outland is a pretty enjoyable game, that's just about the right length. I think it should have been a little bit shorter, just because it's pretty repetative, but it wasn't so long that I got so bored of it that I quit playing. One thing that is important in a game like this is platforming, which is done very well here. it is very fluid, and precise enough for the game to work well. You can also tell that it is somewhat of a bullet hell game which, mixed with the platforming, leads to some pretty interesting gameplay from a mechanics perspective. Overall it's pretty fun, and It's worth a play. If I could complain about anything it would be the hitboxes. It seems that the hitboxes are a little too big on the enemies and your character, leading me to die when it seemed I was out of harms way. That's really not too bad, though, as you get used to it. So if you like bullet hell, and like platformers, and aren't expecting this to be metroidvania, you will probably really enjoy this title."
76561198137328275,Recommended,305050,22834489,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,thekapn655321,"Starts off, in a well stylized platformer environment.Adds some wall-jumping right away, great start.Then brings in curtain shooter swathes of enemy energy attacks out of no where,which is actually pretty awesome.You get a sword a little while after that has a great attack arc and fancy combat, which you can still do while jumping.Then slides, and ground slams...Then goes Completely bananas with TREASUREgames trope of, ""Control both halves of immunity; one at a time.""tl:drIt's friggin Sweet as hell.Very very good.Co-op also involves some mind bending co-operation with the second player that makes it super super challenging."
,Recommended,305050,22054556,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,I N F,"Just an hour into the game and I got amazed by the simple beauty of it. Outland is a very good game and has great platforming overall, even though the story is not the greatest it is very enjoyable and relaxing."
,Recommended,305050,22279960,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,doofer20,"Great story telling and gameplay.The boss fights are some of the best I've played in a long time. I did find some of the level repeative but that happens to most platforms but if you enjoy platforms you will love this game for sure. I did find that you could skip a lot of the harder obstacles by taking the hits and getting to the next check point then getting full health by dying. My biggest problem really was the up-stun attack, as it stun locked most mobs... none these are reason to skip the game as its just me being a critic and i highly recommend getting this game as the switching is a lot of fun and some of the best made boss fights i've ever experienced ( and i count raiding vanilla WOW when bosses could take up to a hour with 40 people  )."
,Recommended,305050,22237199,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Magdroid34,"it is a awesome game!! great soundtrack nice graphics and story. so amazing :3the only thing that annoys me is that when you play co-op, there seems to be some kind of lag with the servers or something where when you jump and such it is delayed, but if you look past that it is amazing"
76561198146467961,Recommended,305050,22267712,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Zhou,Really.. this is an interesting games.. I like the stories and the effects
,Recommended,305050,22153196,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,TheGingerDeadMan,"Metroid/Castlevania had a baby with Ikaruga and it was ok. Decent platformer with a single nifty mechanic. Level design was alright with the bosses being slightly better. Worth picking up if on sale. Artisticly, the game is very pretty and stimulating to look it."
,Recommended,305050,26505576,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Pertel,"There's a LOT of platformers out there.  This is one of my favorites!  The background art in each level looks amazing, the movement is very responsive (do yourselves a favor and play with a controller), and the soundtrack 100% fits the atmosphere of the game!It sorta reminds older platformers (when I say older I mean early-2000s), where there were simple controls, you had to pick up coins, get to the end of the level and hopefully find some secrets along the way!Excellent game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WP6p8vwibeE"
76561198050379221,Recommended,305050,26475830,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,rotslayer,"This game is awesome. It is one of the best multiplayer platform games I've played (NOTE: I did not play Outland single player). My favorite is still probably Goemon's Great Adventure, but the styles are very different.Outland is what happened when Ikaruga was turned into a platformer, and it is neither too frustratingly challenging nor too easy. The gameplay is quite creative and really well designed. Red and blue bullets fly at you, red and blue enemies attack you, red and blue structures appear and disappear - and your character has to switch his color to red or blue to deal with them effectively.If you like bullets being shot at you (in video games) and you like platformers (in real life), buy this game now. Stop reading this. Click the add to cart button. There you go. Don't let me catch you on this page again untill you have that green bar that says ""Outland is already in your Steam library"". Even then you should be playing the game rather than finishing my review."
76561198106421622,Recommended,305050,30887337,Posted: 1 April,all,R.Ptel,"Amazing artwork, very fluid platformer, good combat so far. Definetly a hidden gem and if you can get this on sale its a steal considering its original price is ten dollars."
,Recommended,305050,23811724,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,XRetroX,"Hey!, This game is pretty good."
76561198197085322,Recommended,305050,23927814,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Zemmy,Pretty cool game
,Recommended,305050,24177483,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ishvii,"Really nice platformer with some interesting gameplay elements. Swap your orientation to attack enemies of differing colours, dodge obstacles and land on platforms. Nice art style. Quite challenging towards the end, definitely worth it."
76561198040145109,Recommended,305050,24242685,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,RichardEpsilonHughes,"I sat down to give this a go and two hours vanished in to it easily. Great fun - if you enjoy the metroidvania genre at all, this is well worth your time."
,Recommended,305050,23156359,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Shanks,gw menikmati game ini. Hanya satu yang kurang. Aku baru bisa menemukan 207 dari 208 vas uang! Hanya kurang satu! Dan aku pusing tujuh keliling karena walaupun sudah kucari mati-matian tetep nggak ada rimbanya.
,Recommended,305050,28653364,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,To be Frank,"This game has a nice artIt is kinda hardcoreGameplay is good enough, it is direct, which I like.And it gets really cheap sometimes"
,Recommended,305050,28585348,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dez K,"Very good looking game, aesthetically pleasing, challenging. Good to lose yourself in for a few hours."
76561198151477068,Recommended,305050,33189975,Posted: 3 July,all,Nick Crompton,great single/multiplayer game
76561198258799758,Recommended,305050,33049729,Posted: 30 June,all,MidKnight,"Absolutely fantastic game, love the story, art style, and overall fun of the game, would highly recommend!"
76561197967904760,Recommended,305050,33026235,Posted: 29 June,all,Nice One,A unique platformer which allows you to change spirits to collide with platforms with same spirit and attack enemies of opposing spirit.Not much else to talk about unless i play more...pros--unique-easily treversable levels-secrets that are well hidden but not too difficult-Steady difficulty level (no spikes as far as i've played)-introduction to mechanics is fast but not constantcons-cramped hand controls(takes time to get used to)-Much better with a X360 controller-if using one remove all consPS;I got this game for £0.69 so expetation was low
,Recommended,305050,33100094,Posted: 1 July,all,aaaa,"Got this game without even reading the description or looking up at the screenshots that much.Even tho I didn't know what was about it, I played and instantly fell in love with it. Such a beautiful and well detailed platform game. The movement is amazing and it feels so good to play.Absolutely a must have if you like platform games. Especially with this beautiful environment."
,Recommended,305050,29286908,Posted: 15 January,all,BLUESTORM2112,"A enjoyable platformer that focuses more on learning the patterns and timing of each section rather than reflexes or precision. Your not on any kind of timer either, so you never feel rushed which is nice.The alignment switching mechanic is interesting. A simple concept that is well executed for the most part, but sometimes it can be very frustrating. For example sections where you're being shot at or attacked by one alignment while standing on a platform that requires you be the other alignment. If you change your alignment to avoid the damage you will fall through the platform (sometimes to your death) and have to start over from the beginning. For the most part though the sections aren't to hard and each area generally provides you with a unique set of obstacles which is fun.If you enjoy platformers, aren't completely horrible at them and are intrigued by the alignment mechanic, than Outland is well worth you time and money. However I would not recommend it at full price and suggest picking it up on sale. There really isn't enough replay value to justify it with the amount of good platformers around. Personally I wouldn't pay more than $5 USD for Outland unless your a big fan of platformers."
76561198259528065,Recommended,305050,29312163,Posted: 16 January,all,sillywillyt,"Entertaining and challenging, while not overly complex."
76561197995135418,Recommended,305050,14476052,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,KMetal,Very fun game.  It has just enough difficulty to keep it fun.  The art is nice to look at.  The only down side I would have for this game would be the controls are a bit weird.  I just use a controller and that solves that problem.
76561198020236323,Recommended,305050,29709496,Posted: 4 February,all,LeoKraeas,"This game is one that i tried on XBox 360 years ago. It was recommended on a ""games you might not have tried"" video on youtube and deserves to be played!  Outland is a mix between Ikaruga and Metroid shifting gameplay with bullet hell and a metroid-esque upgrade path that will leave you satisfied. The game is colorful and eye catching while the Boss Battles tend to feel like scaled down versions of Shadow of the Colossus as you hunt down various godlike figures and take their power for your own!  The Ikaruga-esqe shifting is used very well in Outland and the game benefits greatly from it's use as a core mechanic.This game is a definite cult classic and deserves more notoriety than it probably has..."
76561198308454180,Recommended,305050,31043107,Posted: 9 April,all,maxsteel178,"Its an okay game if it had key rebinding i would like it more but hey, can't judge."
76561198297902060,Recommended,305050,32233948,Posted: 6 June,all,loons5150,"Reminded me of Apotheon in art style and movement physics with some Guacamelee special move abilities. It's a pretty game - not the prettiest; but, attractive nonetheless.What impressed me most about the game was the boss design - just fantastic. The main bosses are pretty simple, but the interaction of their design with your moveset is seamless. The end boss does have a bit of a difficulty spike v. the predecessors, but nothing a few tries won't solve.Second to boss design was the light / dark switch ability - I wouldn't exactly call it a bullet-hell game by any means, but the color switching to avoid opposite colored projectiles is just fun.There is one con I found annoying, especially when trying to end-game grind - the teleport / map system just plain sucks. The devs did a poor job of attempting to make this work. What should have been done was the integration of an overworld / sub-world map. The teleport devices just have this generic overworld map with names of places; it's a trial-and-error♥♥♥♥♥♥show.All in all, it's definitely a buy! For the price of less than $10US, you can't beat it...it's a steal!"
,Recommended,305050,32441488,Posted: 15 June,all,hshhhhh,That art... is amazing!
,Recommended,305050,32526279,Posted: 17 June,all,-NN-,"This is an extremely fun and casual romp of a metroidvania, but it's very straightforward and there is very little to uncover. It's likely that you will exhaust every single thing the game has to offer within 15 hours. The game spoonfeeds you constantly with where you're supposed to be headed and where collectibles are so your hand is very much held throughout the entire experience. Collectibles are obviously enough placed and there are very few real ""secrets"" in the game to uncover. It's a game that works very nicely on the surface level which lacks depth, ergo: it's like good K Pop."
76561198066102167,Recommended,305050,32523280,Posted: 17 June,all,ShadeOfNight,"Wow, I have to say, I was not expecting much from this game. I was thinking maybe a few 1-2 hours of enjoyment and then put the game down. NO way. I was playing this thing for HOURS and HOURS on end. It is a fun game. Puzzles, platforms, enemies, action, mystery, story. Everything!The boss fights were fun although too many swarming enemies sometimes put the fun away, but overall it didn't bother me too much. That final battle though, wow. That thing was tough. You have to have precise timing and perfect accuracy otherwise you are dead. VERY satisfying after you beat it though.I really enjoyed this game and I am not one who leaves very many reviews if you can tell.I recommend this game, most definitely. :D"
,Recommended,305050,33801732,Posted: 25 July,all,RoboticScorch,"Great Game, Bought it for 1$ and now I regret it"
76561198330192257,Recommended,305050,34038067,Posted: 5 August,all,FROSTICS SIX,This game is like limbo but for me this is better
76561198278506126,Recommended,305050,33997878,Posted: 3 August,all,OhMagoo,"Very enjoyable game. There are some parts that were difficult (boss fights) , but not impossible. The art style, graphics and gameplay were all very well done IMO. I did not finish the game completely, i may have missed some powerups that would have been helpful in defeating the end bosses. I went to sleep a few times with the game running, which added quite alot to my time played.  Even though I didnt finish,  I definitely enjoyed the game and definitely got my moneys worth for entertainment. Two thumbs up for this game1I may even reinstall and finish it up one of these days..."
,Recommended,305050,34232185,Posted: 14 August,all,spos,Excellent metroidvania with beautiful aestetics and great design and mechanics.  Highly recommended if you like the style and enjoy metroidvania type games.
,Recommended,305050,34391626,Posted: 21 August,all,Bear King,"ProsSomewhat challenging puzzlesAbove-average visualsFun boss encountersInteresting ""stance-dancing"" mechanicConsStory is mostly lackingExtremely linear considering the ""metroidvania"" tagThe gameplay gets quite repetative and dullThe story for this game is almost nonexistent. It gives you a very brief cutscene at the beginning of the game, and tidbits of lore about bosses after you have finished their encounter. That's about it.Considering this game is tagged as a metroidvania, it is extremely linear. Under normal Metroidvania games, your new abilities will allow you to progress in the game by backtracking to old regions of the map, and using your new abilities to go a different path. There is almost no reason to backtrack in this game, unless you're simply searching for the 52-or-so collectibles. Rather, this game takes you down a few separate paths branching off of a main hub room. After you defeat the boss at the end of the path, you're teleported back to the hub to travel down a different path. It's so linear that there's essentially a big floating arrow that continues to point you in the right direction. Since there's virtually nothing more to the game than following said arrow, I'd consider it much to dull to be called a metroidvania.On the other hand, the core gameplay mechanic of switching between light and dark brought an interesting aspect to the puzzles. You stance-dance between red and blue phases, to either attack red/blue enemies or absorb red/blue damage. Many puzzles involved switching phases in quick succession, which definitely got challenging. This challenge helped keep the game fresh, and I definitely found myself repeating the same puzzle until I got the pattern down. The visuals aren't anything amazing, but they were still pretty to look at and did a good job setting the scene for each region of the game (forest, city, etc.)If you're expecting something on the level ofOri and the Blind Forest, you may as well keep on looking. However, for the sale price of$0.99I'd definitely recommend this game.*Note: I didn't use any of the co-op features, so I can't comment on that."
76561197970148466,Not Recommended,305050,34482390,Posted: 25 August,all,seanfish,"I've played 14 minutes of this game. It has beautiful visual design but plays like a flash game. The controls are sloppy and not in a way that informs gameplay.I would recommend it for a compulsive metroidvania completist but not for someone who is into the deeper challenge of the genre. If you want to own all the games, put this at the bottom of your list and get it when you can. If you want to play excellent, tight design - avoid."
