user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,305380,17912680,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,😺 Jolly Kitten,"Here's the recipe. You take:House of the Dead rail shooter-style gameplay;the protagonist with Shadow Warrior's Lo Wang sense of humor;asian-themed jokes, also from Shadow Warrior (also italian-themed, not from SW);tons and tons of stupid criminal mooks from Max Payne;a script full of criminal shenanigans with GTA levels of insanity (also think Guy Ritchie);a dash of obscure satirical humor from South Park.Okay, now mix carefully, add cool graphic design and generic, but not annoying background music, plus nice score breakdown at the end of each level, adding to replayability....If you done everything right, you'll get Blue Estate in all its glory.I've said enough. This is a damn fine game. I recommend you to pick it up (better on sale, tho).And do not forget to praise the Hua."
,Recommended,305380,21170226,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,✯𝕁𝕆ℍℕ 𝕎𝔼𝕊𝕂𝔼ℝ✯,"Pros+ Tight controls+ Great voice acting / soundtrack+ Interesting and funny story+ Solid visuals & animations+ Grindhouse aesthetic, if your into that.+ Local co-op play+ Great rail shooters are hard to findCons- Story could be a bit longerVerdictIts a nice little game with high replayability,best played with a friend its a blast 7.5/10"
,Recommended,305380,15273422,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Warrior,"Probably one of the best rail shooters I have ever played to be honest. This game first off is worth its full price. The story, voice acting and writing is awesome. The music is great. The graphics and mechanics are tremendous and the overall gameplay and game itself is outstanding. This game is fuqing AWESOME. 9/10"
,Recommended,305380,16101245,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Kaneki Ken,"Excessive, vulgar and especially pleased with his own nature, Blue Estate is a shooter on rails certainly more memorable for its attitude hopelessly stupid, between noir and screwball, not for its gameplay itself. As a shooter is in fact genuinely pretty ordinary and not particularly memorable (missing something in terms of rhythm, with levels guiltily long boss fight not exactly inspired), but the overall experience manages to entertain and amuse by virtue of its ingredients speziati.Se you are sensitive to certain types of content and will go for an evening of enjoying a dip in the brain strictly off, let us a little thought , but don't tell to your wife."
76561198167940370,Recommended,305380,31368256,Posted: 25 April,all,PhantonGualterio,"Blue EstateI remember the last time I played a game of similar ilk to this I was vastly unimpressed. Rambo was it's name I believe, and it should have stayed untouched.This attempt at an on-rails shootfest is vastly superior in every way. PLUS...it's funny.This can be a fiendishly difficult shooter at times, but with one hot chick to look at, gags nearly one every minute, and multiple bad guys almost every second, coupled with a killer soundtrack makes this a perfect addition to anyone's game collection. I've played some dire on-rails efforts in my time, this is most definitely not one of them."
76561197983301475,Recommended,305380,15270362,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,RabidUrko,"This game is as action packed as any free roaming FPS, in fact its better than some ive played.Great graphics, sound and voiceovers/storyline (filled with humour Duke Nukem would be proud of) with fluid PC gameplay control even with keyboard and mouse.Loads of replayability, well impressed.The trailer is ingame footage btw, the game is filled with the same action as in the trailer."
,Recommended,305380,18001523,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,mark | dj.,+ Humor+ Solid on-rail shooting mechanics+ Pretty graphics+ Decent (over-the-top) voice acting+ Solid controls- Too easy if you play with a mouse- Levels are a bit too long; tend to drag- Cluttered story[Rating: 74/100]
,Recommended,305380,15310939,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Cronkllr {Cχ:$$},"At first I was hesitant about buying a rail shooter, After I have had bad luck with some previous ones.But playing this game was fun. It had a good storyline that will give you a few laughs. It did have a few problems but nothing that breaks the game.Pros1. Good mechanics. ( it runs smoothly and the hit boxes work properly.)2. A good Adult themed story3. Good replayabilty  (especially for Achievement hunters.)Cons1. the game is not long Story playtime wise.  It is only $11.69 so its worth the price. I just wish it had more. But You will have alot more gametime if you hunt for achievements, play arcade mode, and play for 4 stars to prove your global might.2. At the time I played this game there was no way to turn off aim assist.---------------------------------If you do end up buying or playing it go into the control options and change the arrow keys to WASD, It really helps out to get the fastest response without having to take your crosshair off of a target."
,Recommended,305380,15367020,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,TesseracT,"If you enjoyed the 90's / 2000's era arcade rail shooters like Time Crisis, Vritua Cop, House of the Dead, and Lethal Enforcer then you will dig Blue Estate.It brings the same level of game play and story telling that made those games fun in the arcade."
76561198077858912,Recommended,305380,15273720,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,common xyz,"Blue Estate is one of the best of a dying breed of shooter.The gameplay itself feels like a classic arcade shooter and the story is both interesting and funny. the game plays great on the xbox360 and xbox one controllers and fairly well on Keyboard and mouse (though that may be personal preference). Because it is an arcade rail shooter with a scoring system, there is a lot of replayability and the game's achievements feel well earned.If you miss the old arcade shooters from the good old days, i recommend this game for you, the only thing missing is the arcade cabinet and gun peripheral :)"
,Recommended,305380,20218802,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Redd Wolf,"The short time i played this reminded me of the good old arcade days. Running straight to the light gun games (police 911, time crisis, house of the dead, carnevil, etc) and having good old fun. If you loved those games growing up (eyes are getting watery here) then this might be a game for you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3DcO_pPJHs"
,Recommended,305380,19560362,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Chaos Epoch [HAX],"Pulp Fiction, Southpark, Michal Bay and that one uncredited guy who made all the cheesy one liners in every 80's action movie ever all went into a hotel room and banged."
,Recommended,305380,15276930,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Solidus,"Good graphics, action packed and g*ddamn funny !Probably one of the best on rail shooters I've played. Makes you forget the bad taste RAMBO left you ;)I say BUY THIS Cool Badass Funny On-rail shooter !"
76561198066558162,Recommended,305380,33528872,Posted: 13 July,all,PANDA,"So outside of an arcade, rail shooters are extremely hard to find nowadays, on any platform. It seems that fast paced multiplayer shooters (think Counter Strike and Call of Duty) or open world pseudo shooter/tactical games (think Day-Z, Far Cry, etc.) are the way to go for most developers nowadays. So it's sadly pretty rare to find anything that breaks the mold, and when you do, the end result is not always that great.With that being said, however, Blue Estate The Game was a welcome addition to my steam library and breath of fresh air after playing an endless stream of fast-twitch, zombie horde, open-world shoot 'em ups. It's actually based on a graphic novel of the same name, which I've read and definitely reccomend.The game is silly and over the top, and buyer beware, it has plenty of dirty adult humor, if that's not your thing. But if it is your thing, my goodness have you come to the right place. Half-naked mermaids floating in glass tanks, corrupt businessmen, drug dealers, rampant crime of every kind imaginable - these are some of the things that are commonplace in this game. Please ignore all of the terrible reviews it recieved on sites like IGN, it seems with their typical PC mindset they missed the purpose of the game entirely, and instead of focusing on the fact that this is at its core a simplyfungame to play they decided to focus on the games ""degrading"" humor and its misguided social ideas.Anyways, enough about that. Back to the game itself. While not overly long, Blue Estate is enough to satisfy anyone looking for a fun, retro feeling arcade on-rails shooter. In a world where most gamers are given massive open worlds to explore with dozens and even hundreds of trivial tasks, I found it fun to sit back and only really have to worry about pointing and aiming in a game for a change. The story in Blue Estate is nonsensical and simple, and I couldn't really tell you all the little details if I tried - but hey, if you're looking for a deep story in a black-humored crime-themed rail shooter, you've definitely come to the wrong place. Suffice it to say, the story is funny enough and entertaining, alternating between two protagonists, a crooked down on his luck hitman and an ex-Navy SEAL.It's by no means a perfect game, and there could have been more of an effort on the developers part to create better boss battles, among other things. But overall, I found the environments and levels in the game refreshingly fun, and most of all, the gunplay kept me satisfied all the way through.If you're looking for some kind of epic shooter or extreme realism, then of course look elsewhere, but if you're looking for some old-fashioned arcade rail shooter action on Steam, it's tough to beat this one. It was worth every penny in my book, and if you get it on sale, it's a steal for sure."
,Recommended,305380,15318608,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Purple_storm,"You know....I will freely admit that going in to this, I had no idea that this was going to be a great game, mediocore at best but once I got in to it, it was grand!It's soo refreshing that this game is unashamabily un-PC (Politically correct) because Tony (the protaganist) is a ruthless italian mobster that's soo vain, he weilds a golden desert eagle with lavish engravings, are people right to be offended? sure they are but then again, they may be taking this game way too seriously as it never pauses for a serious moment (At least so far), you've got chiwawua's humping your legs and golden AK magazines shaped like a♥♥♥♥♥♥n' balls, it's crude and rude but god is it refreshingly lovely.After seeing Rambo the video game and Heavy Fire: Afghanistan, I had no faith in the rail-shooter genre but playing this takes me back to those old arcade games like Virtual Cop and Time Crises with it's non-stop action and busy background to keep your eyes busy with a variaty of enemy's and mini-challenges throughout the level where you have to turn a valve to open a door while fending off enemy's and a whack-a-mole esque game where a timer counts down then a enemy or two pops up at random where you have to quickly shoot him.It's such a crime that big gaming journalists has descided to bury this game...because I want more and I LOVE this concept, wanting the rail-shooter to make a comeback."
76561197975017173,Not Recommended,305380,15340643,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,warlock1,"Mmmmmmeh.The good: It runs at 1080p on my computer without any hitches, snags, or bugs. The stylized art is fairly attractive, with characters and locations both well-realized. Some of the jokes are worth a chuckle.If you like on-rails lightgun-style games, this uses the style and adds a few wrinkles in in-level minigames, quicktime-style events, and switchable weapons.The bad: You might note that as of this review, I've played ""Blue Estate"" for 2.9 hours. That is about how long it took to complete it on ""normal"" difficulty, going through eight stages.You can make a good game that only takes 2.9 hours to complete. But despite the aforementioned attempts at humor, the running narrative, the weapon changes, etc., this amounts to 2.9 hours of fairly same-y game play in ""story"" mode, leading abruptly into a conclusion that rather obviously doesn't ""conclude"" anything plot-wise; neither character has accomplished anything towards their alleged goals by the end, and one is explicitly stated to be heading straight for new troubles.Having completed the game, there's very little reason to stick around. Do you want to memorize enemy patterns so maybe you can get a four-star rating on each level? Play it at a harder difficulty so you can die slightly more often? Listen to the whiny-voiced narrator (whose annoying-ness the game attempts to mine for humor, with frequent interruptions ""apologizing"" for or ""muting"" him, as though the game wasn't responsible for the very quality it mocks) go through his schtick a second time?I don't hate this game, but there are better offerings out there, even in this genre. ""Typing of the Dead: Overkill"" offers both a typing and a rail-shooter with a longer play time, better script, and more interesting boss fights. Call me if they offer a sequel that actually concludes... and then patch things to tie the two together."
76561198135239949,Recommended,305380,32776851,Posted: 25 June,all,Crafty Con Man,This is VERY GOOD rail shooter-Good humour-Good Graphics-Good FPS-Good musicAlot of people are saying its not very long but to be honest most rail shoters arnt as they are arcade inspired so 2.5/3 hours is the norm and what was expectedI look forward to a Blue Estate 2
,Recommended,305380,15278226,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Menin Gate,"This is a GEM amongst recent rubbish like RAMBO and to some extent Heavy Fire: Afghanistan. It's a fabulously well produced game.Having just completed the first four chapters I am impressed by the fast paced action, theme music and the dialogue. The dialogue feels like a comedy script that is played out as the game progresses, it is mixed between the character(s) comments and the narrator; and I have found myself chuckling continously.The ingame characters have personality that is fleshed out well in the short time that they are alive in game..!I'm enjoying this far more than a $90 FPS  - it's a steal at full price, a bargain at it's current release price, and will be an absolute steal if you ever get it on sale.The is a lot of replayability here, lots of acheivements, STEAM cards, and lots of difficulty options.If you like on-rails, if you LOVED arcade on-rails then get this, If you have never tried an on-rails game or were burnt by RAMBO, get this.JUST GET THIS.10/10+the leg humping dog+the random screaming guy with sword+first boss with a B-cup bra"
,Recommended,305380,24481741,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:HeSawPublishers:HeSawInitial release:April 2015Genre:FPS, On-Rails, Humor, Casual, Palette Cleanser#Worth/NotWorth:#ItsNotTheBestButItsFineExposition, Concurrence and SummationBlue Estate (based on the comic series) is an on-rails shooter of the variety of a cop/crime satire. You play as either Tony or Clarence who have distinctly different weapons and personalities. Narrated by Roy Devine, a private eye detective, commonly elaborating in places he would have no true knowledge of is often interrupted by quips from the FBI stating how inaccurate his findings were in an often (attempted) humorous fashion.ControlsI'm told that the PC version does indeed support “lightgun” peripherals as the console counterparts of this game were designed for move controllers. I did not test things these personally but I've heard no issues with any major brand. I used the mouse controls for this. You can play entirely with the mouse but there are some gestures to be had with the arrow keys and well as perform the swipe actions required in some sections. Either opening a door or attacking a melee character about to affront your senses.MainsAs an on-rail shooter you can expect an arcade mode and score attack stuff. That's all present. It's pretty strait forward. There are pick-ups that require swipe actions from health/ammo to slow-mo and secret collectible things to shoot each episode/level. There is a yellow “next damage indicator” that can be extremely helpful in mitigating restarts as there are limited amounts each level and this can prevent guessing as to which enemy has it in for you next.Negative AspectsTony has this mechanic in which his hair falls into his face rather often and Clarence has this thing about a Chihuahua humping his leg that tends to get in the way more than is an interesting task or challenge to be had. I feel like they rely too much on the same jokes and definitely try too hard to be funny. For something based in satire I think I chuckled once, maybe twice. For instance, when the Kim Jong-un representative was in play he attempts to shoot a rocket at you and fails. His dialogue is simply “Why do you shame me weapon?” Which was one of the few moments I felt some respite.THE GISTAll in all, it's a fine distraction and doesn't take very long to complete. I'm not familiar with the comic series so I don't know if this is a decent representation of that material. But, this is a nice functional on-rails shooter perfect for in between larger and more substantial games.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,305380,16273208,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,[iM]Mallorn,"Railshooters... not a really popular genre in the pc gaming world.I've always liked them though, ever since playing Operation Wolf and Thunderbolt on the Amiga and Virtua Cop in the Arcade hall. I even (kinda) liked Rambo The Videogame on Steam, and the odd game The Typing of the Dead.Blue Estate is based on a comic book called ""Blue Estate"" (duh) created by a guy named Viktor Kalvachev. Doesnt ring a bell for me, but I'm not really into comics so that might explain it.I've been playing this with mouse/keyboard.You start playing with an interesting character named Tony Luciano. Tony is the no-brain son of a mobster boss who gets into a war with another gang called the Silk Brothers. (Later into the game another character is introduced, a merc named Clarence.) The story is insane but not really relevant. It involves a lot of shooting, outrageous scenes, strippers and a horse.I guess you all know the concept of a railshooter right? You follow a story from scene to scene while shooting down enemies as many as possible. You have your handgun, rifle and shotgun. Leftclick is shoot, rightclick is reload. Arrows are used for cover, melee, collecting items (ammo, guns) and reflecting incoming projectiles.You shoot enemies, bonus items and every now and then there's a bossfight or a shoot-a-mole.Now why would you get this game? Because its well made. The action is smooth and the graphics, music and voiceacting are great imo. The dark humour might not amuse everyone though, personally I thought it was a hit and miss. Great and terrible at times. The whole game and dialogues are cheesy to the max, the action over-the-top. The characters you'll meet are just... very interesting.Just watch the trailer on Steam. It basically covers everything.Only downside I see is that I cant play games like this for a long time. I cant play this longer than 45 minutes max. My head explodes and my hand gets too sweaty. Its too hectic and fast. But it sure is a fun ride.That Sarkeesian woman will totally love this game."
,Recommended,305380,15295970,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,SHITBIRD 2000,"This is an awesome little shooter with some excellent voice acting, silly humour and badass soundtrack.The controls are also kept very simplistic, yet the gameplay manages to be very satisfying.Rail Shooter games have never been this much fun!It is also heavily inspired by old action movies, so expect the experience to be something like that.10/10 I absolutely love it, and the pricing is on point.I really hope this'll get a sequel or something."
,Recommended,305380,15275846,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,mitch2103,"This is game is pretty fun and action packed. It reminds me of an arcade game, you can't control movement just random gestures like opening doors the rest is point and shoot. Theres also some comedy to the story telling part of the game witch is nice.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4P9o9ozS1U"
76561197988012862,Recommended,305380,16105114,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,mendel,"First impression after 20 minutes in single-player and 40 minutes in co-op:Blue Estate is a rail shooter aka shooting gallery. It's like you're in an action movie and get to shoot everyone, but what to do apart from that is being decided for you (you can actually do some more things when prompted, but you get no say in what to do). The writing and some gimmicks are humorous; basically, if you like the trailer, you're going to like the game. The low difficulty setting seems ok even for casual players.This game has local co-op, which means if you have a friend over, they can pick up an Xbox controller and start shooting as well: the goons will spread their shots between you, you get separate health bars, but apart from that it's pretty much single-player with two guns, with the added difficulty of one player having to aim with the thumb-stick instead of a mouse. (Dual mice won't work - I checked.) Maybe it works better if one player or both have a light gun or the leap motion?If you want this as a co-op game, I'd advise against it because the co-op is really light-weight, and the guy on the Xbox controller has drawn the short straw; but if you ever want (or need) to play a first-person shooter with only one hand, or you like the style, want to turn your brain off and just  go ""blam blam blam"" then this game will be fun."
,Recommended,305380,21015096,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Kaz (Select Input),"First off, this is NOT a First Person Shooter with free movement. I think the information in the game's description is very clear about this, but a few people seem to have been confused. If you're a fan of arcade lightgun rail shooters like Time Crisis and House Of The Dead, you'll most likely enjoy this. It's well-paced and looks great, and in a genre that doesn't see many releases, one of this caliber is very welcome.+ Good controls+ Decent voice acting / story+ Solid visuals & animations+ Grindhouse aesthetic, if that's your thing (WET, Overkill, etc.)+ Local co-op play+ I paid $5 for it, which is far less than I've blown on Time Crisis 2 in my life+ Great rail shooters are hard to findFrom what I've heard the console release suffered control problems but I've had a great experience. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,305380,15370417,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,FlowerBlossom,"It brings me back to the arcade days of House Of The Dead and Time Crisis, it's on rails and yes - it's deserving of all the possitive reviews.  And double yes, it's replay value is high.  Weird, huh? I didn't believe it myself until I played through a few levels and realized this game (and all of it's pseudo-noir black humor elements & tasty graphics) will have you wanting to go back because you missed one of those darn Kitty statues or maybe you want to try to earn all head-shots (I did).  Controls are fluid and precise with a mouse but you can also do fine with a 360 controller (read: fine, but not stellar).   At times I felt like I was watching Robert Rodriguez's movie Sin City, but in color.  Also, make sure to read the comic which is available as a free download on Steam and remember to eat your vegetables."
,Recommended,305380,32049822,Posted: 29 May,all,LazyRider,"Blue Estate is the story of a mafia Don . . .'s good for nothing son who crosses the non-specific Asian mafia trying to rescue his girlfriend/favorite stripper. After killing a Kim Jong Ill expie and being sold out by his father he then flees to Jamaica. How he does that is a little baffling given that last we saw he was knocked out by two Russian gangsters who implied they were going to bury him alive. Meanwhile a former soldier becomes a hitman to save his mothers home and begins killing off the leaders of the Russian mafia, who incidentally own a chain of fried chicken restaurants. And then there's something about a stolen race horse and a plant that makes drugs and a trip to Cuba and then it just kinda ends without any resolution. Adding to the confusion is the fact that the whole adventure is being related to us by way of a private investigator, who's narration is constantly being interrupted by government fact checkers. Maybe if I had read the comic book this was based on it might make something approaching sense but as it stands, I'm completely lost.The game is a rail shooter, something of a holdover from the heyday of arcades, meaning it puts you on a predetermined path, and while there are occasions where it's possible to jump in and out of cover at will, the game does all the moving for you. If you're worried that a lack of movement controls will make the game feel too static, don't be. The game still manages to be very dynamic, in fact the camera movement can be so sudden that it interferes with your aim. There's a variety of weapons available; In addition to a standard pistol that never runs out of ammo there are shotguns, rifles, and magnums picked up over the course of certain levels that you'll need to find additional ammo for. Pretty much anything that isn't shooting or reloading is done by QTE's, but they are fast, simple, and more or less inoffensive; even if they are pretty repetitive. For all the nonstop craziness going on beating the levels isn't too much of a problem, in fact the whole game can be beaten in less than three hours. There are Boss fights and while they turn the difficulty up a notch, they mostly seem to exist to inject a little more personality into the game. The real challenge in Blue Estate comes from trying to rack up high scores. There's a points system for skill shots and completing mini-challenges such as killing enemies in a certain sequence or scoring a number of quick head shots. While I enjoyed mowing down thugs, I can't say that I really liked it enough to replay it in the hopes of getting higher scores and achievements.I played on a mouse and keyboard, and while that worked well enough I feel like this suffered from the same problem that most rail shooters do, without the light gun and the overall arcade experience to back it up this comes across as a little lacking given what typical shooters can do these days. The right peripherals probably add a lot to the experience, though. While the irreverent zany humor is funny, it's also one note and overplayed. After about an hour the gangster cliches; the often recycled one liners start to lose their punch. Nonetheless Blue Estate makes for an fun off-the-rails kind of on-rail shooter. It might not be worth full price, but on sale I think it's definately worth picking up."
,Recommended,305380,15281218,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,DINNYFORST,"Blue Estate is a great combination of on-rail shooter mechanics. It's crazy fun and stylish.The story is the prologue of Blue Estate comic. The game fills with heavy narrative and cheesy dialogue of two main characters blazing through horde of mobsters in main seven long levels.The gameplay is main fun core of the game. You will be able to switch between two weapons in each level. Each weapon gives different advantages and firepower feels very satisfied.The gunplay is very solid as you shoot enemies on the scene, avoid object, doing fast gesture, and slow-motion with very well level design and movement script. These elements push the action to the top and keep you busy all the time. The score system also adds replayability and gives feeling of big scoring. And arcade mode will test your aim reaction. Thanks to well optimization and porting which make both mouse and gamepad control are well responsive.However, the game itself feels letdown in last level and sometimes first-person weapon can be your perspective obstacle.If you’re familiar with other rail shooter like, Virtual Cop, Time Crisis, or HOTD. I’m pretty sure this game will offer you a great experience of arcade shooter as you expect for a long time."
,Recommended,305380,15287622,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,pyramids,"Beat the game in under 3 hours and will beat it again and again in Arcade mode. Easily one of the best rail shooters Ive ever played. It stands its ground against games like Time Crisis and The House of the Dead as a rail shooter but as a video game its leaps and bounds better. Its got a storyline which is hilarious and worth the buy alone. I literally laughed out loud many times while playing this game because of how funny it is.There are 7 levels and most of which take about 20-30 mins to complete. The game has 3 difficulties in total, the hardest is unlocked when you beat the campaign.I highly recommed this game and its well worth every penny.I give this game 9 Chihuahuas humping your leg out of 10 (you cant let them all hump your leg, that would be weird)."
,Recommended,305380,15282228,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,CazAndrogyny,"This is just so much stupid fun. I loved Time Crisis back in the 90's arcade days, and this is a glorious re-imagining of those mechanics. The game is presented as something you are watching for hilarity as much as playing, an excellent choice for this genre. Tons of pop culture jokes, and humor guaranteed to offend someone in your social group. And for $13 this is way more value than you get with most major releases."
,Recommended,305380,15966624,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,windycornertv,"After playing Rambo The Video Game, I was left hungry for an on-rail shooter that was actually good and fortunately Blue Estate has filled that void.Now I first played the demo of Blue Estate on the PS4 in 2014 and found it virtually unplayable. The developers had opted  to utilise the Dual Shock 4's built in motion to control your aiming. But it felt awkward and it was no surprise every second comment on the Playstation Blog urged the developer to implement Playstation Move, which at the time of this review hasn't been patched int the PS4 version.Despite the control issues, I was in love with the game's B-grade tone and no thrills game play, so when a PC version was announced with mouse controls, I jumped on the couch, threw my arms in the air and said yeeehaaa!!!The PC port gives you a choice of 32bit or 64bit version plus V-sync, adjustable resolution and three graphical settings (low, medium, hard). This is to be expected from a port of a console game. Control options include a mouse, 360 controller and supported light guns, which sadly I don't own the latter for my PC. Mouse is the way to go, especially since you can do almost every input and quick time event with just the mouse, no need to use the keyboard, although the option is still there.With the controls and graphic options out of the way, let's talk about the actual game. As I mentioned before Blue Estate has a B-grade feel with the story starting with an Italian mobster trying to get his prized stripper back. Blue Estate stirred up quite a bit of controversy with it's racial undertones, sexism and cheesy jokes. See what these critics failed to do, was switch off their brain and learn to laugh at the fake Italian accents, sex jokes and general craziness. Every AAA game and film tends to look the same, but B-grade stuff is so dodgy, it has a charm of it's own and same can be said about Blue Estate. Movie buffs will also enjoy some of the nods to various films and directors.Blue Estate is an on-rail shooter, meaning the character moves automatically and your only job is to shoot everything that moves. I love Blue Estate, because it doesn't try to over-complicate the formula with RPG mechanics, stealth or innocent hostages like Rambo or Heavy Fire. If it moves, you shoot it and that's basically it. The way it should be.The production values of Blue Estate are quite impressive for a $13 game: catchy music, strong voice overs and is powered by the Unreal Engine with surprisingly good textures.It's no surprise the story mode can be finished in 3 hours, after all it's a $13 game. The game also local co-op (sadly no online), multiple difficulties levels and an arcade mode to fill your boots up, if you're hungry for more.Overall Blue Estate delivers a basic, but enjoyable on-rail shooter that at least has decent production values and some evidence of care, which can't be said about Heavy Fire or Rambo. Obviously the racial undertones and sexism will offend many people, but if you switch your brain off, I guarantee you will have a good time with this one, mate."
,Recommended,305380,15275947,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Tony Bamanaboni,"Haven't played it for much but I have to say, the media are really bashing this game like there is no tomorrow. I'm guessing because of all the Feminist Social Justice Warriors that work at those review sites were paid to give this game a negative review score.I for one, actually found myself enjoying the game a lot and I must say that the hate is not warranted. Blue Estate was funny, action packed and enjoyable to play, it was basically like Duke Nukem on Rails.Still, the game does have a few flaws but over all, gameplay is great fun and I'd recommend it.8.5/10"
,Recommended,305380,15290034,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Travis.touchdown,"Based upon Viktor Kalvachev's graphic novels, ""Blue Estate"" oozes pulp aesthetic from every pore! It's essentially a Tarantino flick gone on-rails shooter, and a glowing love letter to the heydays of arcade shooters like ""Time Crisis"" and ""The House of the Dead"". The console release got a lot of slack by major review outlets for its alleged racism, misogyny and overall 'tasteless' humor (I'm looking at you, IGN...) -- which led to review scores mainly reflecting the authors' disapproval of the game's cynical tone rather than its actual gameplay qualities. However, while ""Blue Estate"" might present its whimsical world and d-o-u-c-h-e-bag delinquents in a crass manner, I wouldn't deem any of its content overtly offensive -- particularly not when compared to other politically-incorrect games like GTAV or Saints Row.The visuals, utilizing the tried-and-true Unreal 3 Engine, are splendid and perfectly capture the title's comic roots. It's not a particularly 'next-gen' looking game in terms of textures and effects, but its sleek, vibrant look, somewhere along the lines of ""The Darkness II"" and ""Saints Row 2"", greatly intertwines with the comic-stills footage.The story is nothing to write home about, just all your mafia film cliches in a nutshell, really (one-man army vs. cannon fodder, la familia is law, shoot first etc.). Yet it's delivered in an exaggerated and charmingly whacky way that makes for a jolly good time. Protagonist Tony Luciano is a complete m-o-r-o-n as well as a psychopath, but you'll grow fond of him eventually as the silly plot unfolds.The KB+mouse controls are spot-on, and, most importantly for an on-rails shooter, the locations are varied and colorful while the enemy/boss encounters needn't shy away from any free-roaming FPS. Even the QTE segments, which prompt you to either use directional buttons or your mouse, are fun since the game is surprisingly responsive to your inputs/motions.Ultimately, your enjoyment of ""Blue Estate"" might hinge on whether you can appreciate its deliberately cheesy, self-aware humor and stereotyped characters. Political/social white knights will likely find no value in it.But, merely judged on its (niche) genre merits, it's a near-flawless experience, and arguably the best on-rails shooter since ""The House of the Dead: Overkill"".Here's to hoping we'll see a sequel.8/10"
76561198058554835,Recommended,305380,15279296,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,richieb817,"After playing serious games that take up to much of my life its nice to find a game thats fun, Fast paced, looks good and makes me laugh while playing i played threw all the chapters and plan on playing over and over again its worth the money spent!!! Go Buy It!!!!"
,Not Recommended,305380,28895066,Posted: 1 January,all,N-Nani?!,"While Blue Estate have been getting positive reviews, I gotta say that it's just not my cup of tea. While the price is cheap and the core gameplay itself is kinda fun, the game's appeal diminishes over the course of my playthrough, and all I wanted to do was just finish the game and get it all over with. I've got a few gripes about this game;- Most of the humor is corny and imo just plain annoying- The story isn't too interesting and relatively short- Using the mouse to shoot while your character is moving is infuriating, this makes combos so hard to maintain and makes it necessary for you to turn on aim assist- Gameplay doesn't offer much variety other than the environments- Even though the bosses are unique, their fights don't offer much of a challenge and ends up being incredibly tedious, especially the Bloodshot boss- Little replay value other than the split-screen modeOverall; if you can get past all these negatives ,which pretty much sums up the whole game, and have nothing else to play, get it, but ONLY if it's on saleNote : If you are looking for an alternative to this game, I'd recommend checking out Call of Juarez Gunslinger< 5 / 10 >"
76561197979521890,Recommended,305380,15274977,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Aakos,"""IF"" you like old school on rail shooters like T3 arcade or Time Crisis you will like Blue Estate, it's a lazy man's FPS.Thumbs up !!"
,Recommended,305380,21268078,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Ugeeze,So this what a rail shooter game looks like' nice. Hopping on the next train to Blue Estate.
,Recommended,305380,22698198,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,AirshipCircus,"Buy it, just buy it. If you're apprehensive because of the whole rail-shooter aspect, don't be. It's very well implemented and the gesture gameplay definitely shakes it up. Blue Estate is one of those rare gems that will likely sit in your library til one night you're too bored to play ""Insert period appropriate hot new triple a game that everyones been hyping"" anymore and install it on a whim. It's memorable like Shadow Warrior in it's ridiculousness but without having to worry about getting bored, ever.It's a ride, the entire game is a rollercoaster ride. It doesn't stop being funny, doesn't stop to ask you for microtransactions, and not once will you regret buying it. This is a real video game. It's short, yes, but so was portal and they're both that way because the devs didn't needlessly pad it out so people would still be playing when they released dlc and all that hootennanny.The characters are definitely what made it for me, but the controls are tight, and the gameplay isn't repetitive (a rail shooter, surprising, I know). You'll pick up the controls easy and be jetting along at the same speed of the game in no time. I got worried a little ways in when they swapped Tony with Clarence for a couple missions, thought it was MGS2 all over again but not so.Anyways, play this when you want to experience a slice of really great cake-pie stuff that was cooked in just the right way to be fun, and nothing less. It will leave you wanting more, yes, but that's just more credit to how good it is. Dear LORD somebody tell me they've got another episode in the works."
76561198041573788,Recommended,305380,15306866,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ryan0110,"Dear God this game is fun! Great humor, smooth controls and camera, looks great, awesome replayability (haven't beat it but want to do better on stages).I caught myself smiling and saying ""this game is great"" out loud to myself. I'm following these guys to see what else they do or have done. Just an amazing game overall."
,Recommended,305380,22669601,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,♥ Boner ♥,"I really LIKE railshooter and i have to say THIS is one of the BEST. the style is awesome, the jokes arent too lame and have the right taste of craziness.For an railshooter the game have a lot... i mean, A, LOT of action.The Story are a bit short but i think its ok for such a game, the level instead are long enough.The voice acting is awesome.The jokes are funny.The gameplay for a ""simple"" railshooter is AMAZING i had a lot fun with it.Long story short, the money worth."
76561198045653877,Recommended,305380,15280467,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,deathwish,"had they made this a true FPS, it would of sucked. honestly i thnk alot of these FPS's nowadays that sucked hard should of been made on rails. not having to worry about aimlessly wondering around looking for secrets and what to do next is a rerlief. all you have to do is kill everything that pops out in front of you. its been along time i played a game like this and i loved it. dont think, just buy, its worth the money."
76561198015526767,Recommended,305380,15287956,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,NIN2,What we've got here is a company who still has passion for the industry. It is like a band making music they love and people will follow because the music is good. First of all congratulations on not going main stream. This game delivers exactly what it promise. It is Duke Nukem meets Stranglehold (John Woo). The graphic is beautiful and launch time will never be the same again.
76561198038968845,Recommended,305380,15657216,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,NicePotato,"It's great. Really. I was surprised. It's actually funny and has charm ooozing out of its characters and places.But it is a rail shooter, and for some that might be a deal breaker. If you don't mind rail shooters, then really there is nothing wrong with this game. The boss fights ... I can take or leave. They are the standard boss fights. Not bad, and even funny, but kinda repetitive and go on for longer than they have to.The areas are varied and interesting. The characters are funny without over-doing it, the story is fascinating and the general production quality is rock-solid.I'd totally say it's worth your money if you like rail shooters (or even if you just don't hate rail shooters).If I were the kind of guy that gave scores, I'd rate it:Mechanics: 7/10Level design: 9/10Dialogue: 9/10Models/textures: 9/10Pacing: 7/10"
76561198003030375,Recommended,305380,15513077,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Blue Estate: The Game~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~This game took me literally by surprise! It has been quite a while since I played this type of game (rail shooter) and actually enjoyed it immensely.You will play Tony Luciano (son of a jovial mobster) and Clarence, an ex-Navy Seal, in a 7- chapter story pack of black humour.You will have the pleasure of calmly visiting the twin Dragon club to rescue your sensual dancer; you will be entertained in a prestigious golf club avoiding very small projectiles (bullets); and you will even be a health inspector in a chicken factory.Make every shot count to maximise your combo. But be quick though, as you have a small amount of time between each kill. Go over the time limit and you will have to start your combo all over again. It is a bummer when you reach 150 hits in a row and miss the next one because of a stupid bottle. That’s right; make sure you kill these annoying bottle-throwers or you will get a bottle right in your schnoz!!The game runs smoothly and has really nice and polished graphics. I personally like the artwork in each introduction. Oh, and the soundtrack is brilliant too! Absolutely Marvellous and plenty of fun!Positives:~~~~~~~~-	Story and Arcade Mode-	Splendid graphics-	Good levels-	Black humour-	Great narrating-	Achievements-	Trading cardsNegatives:~~~~~~~~~-	It has to endAn epic rail shooter – not to be missed!9/10MORE THE_CPT_FROGGY REVIEWS HEREFOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
76561197969842964,Recommended,305380,15293019,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Darkcola says TY! Artur!!!,"For full disclosure: I LOVE rail shooter games since they ever first came out in arcades.Now, normally I have bent over backwards to make railshooters from consoles or MAME games work using my wiimote and some emulator on my PC.  Why?  Because Rail shooters do not show up on personal computers because people do not find great thrills in mouse clicking people to death or using a thumb controller to do the same.Blue Estate is a happy middle between Time Crisis & House of the Dead Overkill on the Wii.  The graphics are outstanding and the developers are also on board to help anyone who wants to use other devices to play the game besides a mouse or controller.I of course, as I am hopefully more famous for, use Mic's wiimoteoncod9.exe (see our group page).  It runs perfect and the game does have varying degrees of difficulty.  The stages are rife with cut scenes but thankfully they are not that long or interrupt the gameplay too much.It plays perfectly like an arcade shooter, which is what it SHOULD DO.  It doesn't pretend to be anything else.Here is some good wiimoteoncod9 video of play:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=524-e3B2BuwFor who is this game for?  Enthusiasts who are willing to do a little more effort to use this game on PC with something that looks like a gun.  It is also for old school arcade gamers.  It is also for people who like the genre of noir with a fat slice of silly.I recommend this game, it is really cheap(seriously 12 bucks) and please support the developers.  Because if they do well, they'll make more and maybe next time with dedicated IR support :D"
,Recommended,305380,15280139,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Holly King,"This was a quick, fun, hilarious little rails shooter that has offensive humor with some balls.  It's about three hours of entertainment for twelve bucks.  That's about the price of a movie ticket - it's the right amount of value for the right amount of game.  I played through it once and am going to forget I own it, I can't even remember the main characters names, but I definitely enjoyed the time I spent on it and look forward to more from Hesaw."
,Recommended,305380,15284431,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Randroid,Great comic becomes a fantastic rail shooter adaptation of the style and storyline. If you enjoy a bit of humor in your random gun violence or just like seeing a well made game in action (at a great price) you can't go wrong with this one.
,Recommended,305380,15274365,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Cybervision,"Okay. This game is kinda amazing, especially for ten bucks.Even as a rail shooter, the gunplay is pretty awesome and the humor is actually funny at times too.It also has content that will trigger any modern-age feminists MUHSOHGUNNY triggers too, so theres that.Reloading can be a chore though, and its also hard to not take damage and survive when low on health.All in all, I heartily reccomend this game, even at full price."
,Recommended,305380,24171107,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"It's a rail shooter -- think Time Crisis but with a lot less time spent in cover. If you're a prodigy at clicking on heads, nearly all your reloads will be when you move from wave to wave, not ducking behind flimsy shelter. The end result is Blue Estate moves faster and more hectic than the Time Crisis games. Where they were about survival, Blue Estate is about piling on headshots as quickly as possible.Story mode spins a yarn as sleazy as it is funny, of a burnout mob scion and the trail of bodies that follows him from the top to the bottom and back up. Add in different mechanics per level and per boss fight to mix it up. Story mode felt deeper and more rewarding than Arcade mode, but also more challenging. Arcade mode throws the wacky mechanics and story interludes out for a nonstop shooting spree whose continuity won't make a lick of sense. Oddly enough, Normal felt like a struggle on story mode but S-rank scores come really easily on Arcade on CrazyTrain difficulty.Blue Estate is a blast but its story mode is pretty short and the extreme downward shift in difficulty from story to arcade means Arcade mode doesn't offer as much replay as it ought to. Pick it up on a sale and you won't regret it."
76561198143242930,Recommended,305380,16109712,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,FwackJaggles,"This is a prime example of a game that I wish I could recommend more than one time. I am not a big fan of rail shooters (excluding Time Crisis), but i have to say this is one that got everything right. The shooting mechanic is spot on, almost no lag to the move of the mouse. Just point and shoot and you make your target. Next, the moving in the game is very fluid like. It doesn't make the player lose track of the character, or the constant action that is happening all the time around you. You know exactly where the character is, where he is gonna go, and where he has been. It's not awkward movements that most rail shooters offer, which confuse the player, and make him/her ask questions on the surroundings. If you don't play for the gameplay, and need more, this game has what ever you want. The amount of fourth wall breaks is amazing, and they happen in the best of times. Enough to make you or anyone ""lolz."" I have not played enough to get into the story, but I cant already tell it will be a great one. Guns. Nudity. Hilarious jokes and comedy. Dead people everywhere. What more does the modern gamer need."
,Recommended,305380,15283636,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Matthew,The game story does not have a conclusion. It abruptly ends. Despite that I had a blast charging through the game. Normal difficulty is easy enough to beat the game and never lose more than half health. Mash the quick time event keys and you'll always win quick time events. The automatic rifles take up way too much of the right side of the screen and hide enemies on that side.
,Recommended,305380,15296743,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,labtob,"Blue Estate definitely has that arcade feel to it.The campaign felt a bit short, but there are several modes of difficulty and an arcade mode. Arcade mode is probably the most fun, if you're looking for a quick fix.I played the campaign using a mouse and keyboard, but I felt like something was missing.  An on-rail shooter doesn't require light guns to be fun, but I think it would bring the experience to that arcade level.I recommend this game if you were a fan of just about any on-rails shooter from the 90's.  Think Lethal Enforcers with hints of racism and better graphics.8/10 - TL;DR: Short campaign, big fun."
76561197967070224,Recommended,305380,15273703,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Darkstar,"The production value alone would be worth the price of admission on this crazy train. Luckily graphics and sound are the second most impressive dishes in this full course meal of a game that truly does revitalize the on rails genre. The game is constantly inventing new ways to spice up the old formula by adding mini-mini-games, such as a version of simon says with human heads and bullets in place of light panels and hands, and all of these tweeks to the gameplay effect your score using a very in-depth combo system like the one used in Bullet Storm. all of this beautifull combo-filled violence is topped off with an engaging and funny story that weeves its way throughout the gameplay. I don't know if i can call this a criticism but i did find the story left me wanting more, as it ended without slowing down at all, but that being my biggest complaint do yourself a favor and pick this one up."
76561198035469803,Recommended,305380,15287786,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,wesleyspipes,"Guys, this is the real deal. If you like rail shooters, this is one of the best of all time. It has all the components - fast pace, humor, style, ememy variety, etc. Very well done. Full support for wiimote (w/ GlovePie script) and guns like my AimTrak gun. What more do you want??!!!I played the crud out of the ps3 version and was so happy to hear I can simply play it on my pc now.Show your support for an amazing genre that has very few releases these days. Just because you can't move your character like COD, doesn't mean you can't have fun!!!!!"
76561198105079311,Recommended,305380,15273547,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,SaneJellyfish5,Looks Good Plays Good Sounds Good Money Well Spent
,Recommended,305380,32901850,Posted: 27 June,all,uppercase,"I got this game because I got a yearning for on-rails shooters like Time Crisis, House of the Dead, and Sin&Punishment: Star Successor. I like it a lot - the meat of the game is most definitely, on-rails shooting. In addition, there are bonuses to collect to make things a bit more interesting, and a couple of secrets to find and shoot. There are accuracy bonuses, for those who have the perfect snap-and-fire movement down. There's multiple weapons. There's even a cover system at several points, like Time Crisis.This game really, really satisfied my on-rails shooter itch. I've only finished maybe 2/5 of the game, and I'm moving on for now because I'm getting the urge to play other genres, but I know that when I get the on-rails shooter urge again, I'll come back to finish this game."
,Recommended,305380,29733306,Posted: 5 February,all,DeViLzzz,Jim Sterling did a video on this once and what I saw sold me.  It is an on the rails shooter which you don't see much of anymore plus it is an adult themed game that from what I see so far doesn't go too far over the edge.  Also to me this is the best on the rails shooter I have ever played. The comedy is great.  The bonus hunting is great.  The stat tracking is great.  All sorts of stuff that makes it replayable.  Also having different difficulty levels and control options makes it even better.  I wanted to keep playing but needed a break to clear my mind after playing it for over an hour but I think I will be going back to it tonight.  By the way the cut scenes are great.  Oh and boss fights well I have only faced on thus far but there are multiple things going on in it and it is hilarious too.  Hopefully in the future we will see more on the rail shooters that are of this quality and heck it would be nice to see more different styles/types of games continue to come out in the future.  I don't want the same all the time and this definitely delivers something different. Different and very good. 69/69
76561198074938738,Recommended,305380,25489953,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,EXP HUNTER,"i paid $3.99 for this game and it was fantastic , best game ive ever bought for under $5.Blue Estate absolutley shi7z on any other railshooter ive ever played."
76561197997074716,Recommended,305380,15879957,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Finnegan,"Great overall way to spend an afternoon. Rail style works well with controller and mouse setup. Graphics aren't cutting edge, but don't have to be, the 2d and 3d renders get their point across well enough. It is an adult game, and with that said it doesn't push one thing too far to the point of annoyance(nudity, violence, language, etc.). Poke fun at a lot of things, A LOT of things, and the plot isn't great but is still entertaining. Good game, would recommend."
,Recommended,305380,23821131,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cham? Jarred? Who knows?,"Fantastic game. If you're into on-rails shooters, snarky caricature casts, and over-the-top wacky humor, give it a shot. It ends on a cliffhanger and gets a little repetitive after a while, but the 2 player mode, multiple difficulties, and huge amount of high score potential mean that you'll have a good time replaying levels if you're into chasing spots on leaderboards.It's an absolute shame that sites like IGN and Gamespot speak so foul of the game. It's all just virtue signalling, really. They should keep their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ identity politics out of video games."
76561198131316470,Recommended,305380,15327381,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Dark_Chuck,"Let me just say that this game does justice to Rail-Shooters like no other. The genre of rail-shooters has become nothing but poor, unimaginative, lack luster cash grabs in recent times. This game generaly tries to inovate, and it does. For instance, look at ""the swipe to interact"" system.When I first saw this feature, I thought it would be annoying, but I couldn't be more wrong. You use it to kick open doors, punch machete wielding thugs, pickup shotguns, get health, or knock grenades back at their throwers.I have never liked a rail-shooter more than I like this game. This a genre that I've loved since my child hood, and this game has restored my faith in the genre. I've only reached the third level, and I've been smileinge the whole time. If you like comedy and fun shooting, you like this game. Keep in mind this is definetly a fourteen and up game. Ya know, strippers, nutshots, chihuahuas on steroids.And going back to the Action, it's great, tere are times you will literally be swiping the hair out of your characters eyes. I have never found a character more relateable. And do you like it when your player character talks ocassionally? Then you won't like this, Because they never shut up! I freaking love how outspoken Tony and Clarence are. The story is freaking gold.8.5/10Only the 8.5 because I havent finished it."
76561198113873822,Recommended,305380,22564503,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,meep,"A big, funny screw you to new age, stick-up-the♥♥♥♥♥Political Correctness.It's also really cool."
,Not Recommended,305380,35055652,Posted: 18 September,all,JRE,"The initial gameplay is fun, that is true.  But the story is confusing and the end makes no sense. It is somewhat funny but heavily juvenile.  The real problem is that it's just too repetitive to me. Once I completed the game, I had no interested in repeating the story just to get the badges. Yes, I did want to shoot more people in their package but not enough to play it again. I lost interest. Loads of other people love this game though so take this for what it's worth."
76561198004063929,Recommended,305380,15275825,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Pippala Games,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYPU9vQ7hf4PresentationBlue Estate the Game is packed with fun. With nice voice acting and jokes littering everywhere, it is certainly a game that will make you smile.Before you say rail gun shooting game is a dying business, Blue Estate could not disagree more than our antagonist Tony himself. Oh, did I just say antagonist?The graphics here is good and solid. Character facial expressions and voice acting are great. Funny remarks, ironies, metaphors, politics… OK, you name it, they have it.Headshot is a common thing, but being able to nutshot? That’s awesome!GameplayTaking the role as Tony and Clarence, you are here to wreak havoc. All of this, started with the kidnapping of Tony’s favourite poledancer, Cherry. With intermittent black humor and swipe actions in-between gun fights, explosions, Chihuahua, bullet proof samurai…Oh well, you get the idea.Blue Estate does have a unique way to separate itself from the other railgun shooters. The thing that keeps you playing is not how the story is unfolding, yet it is all about the funny bits and pieces that are still to come.This game offers 2 game modes, the story mode comprises of 7 missions and the arcade mode. The arcade mode has a timer and is refreshed every time you killed an enemy. This fast paced version of the game is a test of skill with the humor taken away from it.For doubling the fun, the game also allows local multiplayer with another person and can be played with various controllers including Xbox Controllers, the Leap Motion controller and light-gun.However, with all the good being said, this game lacks one of the most important elements in today’s gaming: Character progression and upgrades. There are many things the developer can do to increase the fun, simply by leaving a few tweaks for players to fiddle with. For example, crazy weapon customization, even more stupid looking enemies and may be…well…more Chihuahuas.Summary,In summary, this game is a very much enjoyable shooter that is good for not so serious gamers or those that are looking for some relaxing moments with your best friends. As Jin Bong Sik once said: Insolent Missile!"
76561198138908930,Recommended,305380,30566690,Posted: 17 March,all,OCD™,This is an excellent game....it's like Time Crisis on steroids with humour added :)
76561197973167449,Recommended,305380,19629952,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Hand O,"Playing WITH Lightguns.I have ArcadegunDOTcom light guns (The brand that is actually shown in the trailer) for my Hyperspin Arcade setup .  I changed the one setting made for lightguns and the game works perfectly.  I highly recommend that if you like lightgun games to get this game and these guns (Note: I have been told that a Version 2 of the guns will have the ability to have a blow back option)  The game works exactly like it should and I have had no problems with the ""Swipes"" to move his hair (Dumb gimmick) or collect health (actualy useful).PLEASE KNOW that this game is NOT for kids and the trailer should let you know that immediately.I personally hope that we get a few more games like this in the future, they will be a great addition to by cabinet."
,Recommended,305380,15328858,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,FullMetalDemon,Its brief and quite repetative but the good voice acting and pace keep it going. I think the price of the game justifies what you get. Looking forward to more episodes.
,Recommended,305380,31888687,Posted: 21 May,all,Rj0lnir,"A short (~3h) but fun, on-the-rails shooter with a mediocre story. Recommended to get at discount and complete at least once. 6/10."
76561197978736155,Recommended,305380,24148663,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Uncle Joe,"The simplicity of the rail shooter format takes out a lot of the stress making this game what a buyer should anticipate:  a light-hearted, funny, romp.  The character commentary is funny and fresh enough that it doesn't get old or repetitive and the arcade style action keeps you engaged.  Cheap game for cheap thrills, well worth it."
76561198071764538,Recommended,305380,25474841,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Pleco,Rail shooter done right.
,Recommended,305380,29918189,Posted: 14 February,all,AI_Stardog,"Blue Estate is an excellent rail shooter that brings me back to the days of arcades playing House of the Dead and Virtua Cop. This game has basic shooting mechanics while you mosey along a predetermined path, like a theme park ride, or every US president election for the past hundred years.What Blue Estate brings to the table is its own weird sense of humor full of pop-culture references,♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, and a nerdy narrator telling the story as if he were some noir detective. There are also some cool visual effects scattered throughout levels that give the visuals a bit of a comic book feel, without going full-blown cell shaded graphics or anything headache inducing.The scoring system is fun and encourages replaying levels, with scoring more headshots (and nut shots), shooting collectible items like balloons, and taking less damage. There are also contextual sorta-Quick-Time-Event things that take advantage of the arrow keys, but they rarely interfere with the action, and only spice up the gameplay so it isn't just a mouse affair.TL;DR: Fun rail shooter, funny jokes, arrow key QTEs, doesn't overstay its welcome. GG"
,Recommended,305380,29324047,Posted: 17 January,all,PR0XIDIAN,"Blue estate is a ton of fun with a mouse and keyboard. Similar to old light gun games in Arcades, this ranchy shoot-em-up is a blast. I'm not sure why people are offended by the humor, it simply adds another interesting layer to this title. That being said, the gameplay is certainly the best part. Kids who play modern shooters might not understand the appeal here, but anyone who has played on-rail light gun shooters from the 90's will enjoy this modern classic. -PR0XIDIAN"
76561197973253186,Recommended,305380,15671736,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,GrimmaceF13,"Glad to see the full version of the Leap Motion game finally out. I had not played a rail shooter in a long time. It has some pretty humorous moments and dialog too. Some mini game type moments to break up the game play too. Has reply value too in an arcade mode based on the levels you complete. I would think it might be too easy with a mouse though. It's a lot of fun.One of the best games I have played on the Leap Motion Controller. It never flaked out on me, and the control options always worked. Reloading, swithcing guns, taking cover hand gestures all workedwithout a problem."
76561198031174808,Recommended,305380,19719586,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,MyglarN,"I really don't understand all the bad reviews this game has gottenfrom sites like IGN etc. They can all suck my balls. They onlyappreciate new crap games like Call of Duty. If you don't likethe game-genre you can't complain that the game is crappy.This is a rail-shooter, classic arcade style. Reminds me of VirtuaCop etc. And it's bloody fantastic. Tony Luciano is my new role-model."
,Recommended,305380,21246532,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,V3NOM,It's a really nice game!Pros:- Extremely funny- Fun to play- Nice acting / Dialogs / Lines- Replayability x 1000Cons:- Story a bit hard to followIt feels great to have an arcade game like this one in my pc that isn't going to ask me to insert one more credit everytime I want to play it.
,Recommended,305380,22632966,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Dead2TheWorld,"Well, if you like games where you unnessarily shoot people, this one is for you.Great comedy, great character design, fun characters, amazing art and really tight controls.Also, you can't go wrong with the fanservice!Edit: Man, the story is too short. I need the 2nd game now to fill the empty void in my heart."
,Recommended,305380,22865346,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"I like the graphics of the game.Was looking for an on rail shooter on the pc.And this basicly was the only option on Steam.The storyline and game are very short.You can finish the game including Arcade Mode in about 3 hours.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IRS_bOfflABut I replayed it many times, wanting to get 100% (takes about 10-11 hours)It's a pretty cheesy game and I love it.So I would recommend it, specially for the PC but onsale because it's so short."
,Recommended,305380,16100333,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Kissaki,"+ Rail shooter+ Humour- Takes a long time to initially start up each time, without obvious reasons- Displayed messages and cutscenes (that otherwise add to the atmosphere and humour), can be annoying/blocking actual gameplay.Playing with the mouse is very efficient.I also tried playing with the Razer Hydra. The MotionCreator has no profile for Blue Estate yet, and the default / what I tried was not good yet. The view tilted (after you hit the border, the controler was not centered any more), and shooting the AK-47 seemed to be inconsistent; sometimes triggering single shot and sometimes automatic."
76561198015050226,Recommended,305380,23901644,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,cinedine,"Blue Estate is a solid exemplar of the near-dead Rail Shooter genre. While it features all it needs to, it doesn't make an effort to add anything too innovative to the genre.One of the game's first victims is political correctness. The game's writing is sexist, racist and full of outdated stereotypes. If you have an issue with this, consider yourself warned. If not, you are in for a great ride. Although the humour can be a bit hit-and-miss at times. The game also rarely gives you more time between jokes than you need to shoot the enemies, which can feel a bit irritating and shoe-horned in. The lines are delivered by fitting voice actors who all do a great job at bringing the characters to life. Anyway, the general quality is pretty impressive for the price tag.The game sports two modes in three difficulties. The Story mode is rather short with up to three hours maximum and can be played either solo or in local Co-Op with shared life bar. Finishing one of the seven missions will unlock the Arcade variant of the level, in which you race against the clock, prolonging the countdown with kills while raking up highscores. After around 5 hours you should have seen everything there is. Which leaves you either going after the various achievements or competing on the leaderboards if you want more.If you are looking for some quick mindless fun, don't look any further. Especially if the game is on discount. But if you are looking for some meaty experience with a deep epic story, you won't find it here."
,Recommended,305380,15309330,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,PsykoNL,"This game is seriously awesome but no Serious.,there is nothing serious about this game ,. thats why its so awesomefunny commentary thru out the whole game,. alot of humour ,The funniest shooter i have played in Looong time ,.ahd a laugh from lvl 1 to lvl 7 ,.too bad the story is too short in my oppinion , but overall real funny game makes up for alot of fun and for this price lolthere are more expensive games on steam ,. that doesnt even come close to 1 % of the fun in this game"
,Recommended,305380,23830178,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SockDog,"Blue Estate is an on-rails shooter in the same vein as the House to the Dead series. It offers your regular shooting mechanics alongside cover and QTE (either a cursor direction or mouse movement) to pick up ammo or interact with the levels.Given the price of the game you'd think presentation would suffer but it doesn't. There is a full cast of character audio narrating throughout the game which really adds to what could be quite a shallow and hollow experience. The game, much like House of the Dead, does everything it can to not take itself seriously. It's good, dumb fun with guns. Graphically everything is modeled and texutred way above the price point, levels are full of detail and stylised with a few flourishes here and there.Gameplay, with the addition of the few other mechanics mentioned above, is as you'd expect. You move through the levels on a set path, enemies coming at you or popping up from behind scenery. At times you can rack up bonuses by meeting certain 'mini-game' criteria such as getting headshots only for a group of targets. If you don't like on-rails shooters this won't convince you otherwise. If you're indifferent or a fan I'd say give this a purchase.Downsides? There's always some I guess. I'd have to criticise the deafening startup logos. Yeah, petty, but DAMN! why so loud? If you're easily offended I'd suggest Church or a local support group instead, consider this a trigger warning. Legitimately I'd say the reload (R.Mouse) and weapon switch (dbl click R.Mouse) can be a bit clunky, especially as some weapons require you to hold the right mouse button down to reload. Sometimes the levels are also a bit too cluttered resulting in it being hard to see what you're shooting at. It's also of course an on-rail shooter, that means limited replayability unless you enjoy chasing scores and stats.In summation. Get this, it's polished, funny, stupid, entertaining and well put together. Well worth it at full price, an instant purchase if discounted."
,Recommended,305380,15288325,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Widowmaker,"It's fun, but nothing to write home about.The humor is great, and the action (even for an on-rail shooter) is pretty good.Don't expect much more than a few good hours of casual fun.UPDATE: I've just finished the Story Mode under Normal difficulty and while the game is certainly too short, it's still a very good game."
,Recommended,305380,22697139,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,A Damn Fine Penguin,the main menu has pole dancing10/10 not gonna start the game
76561197967654397,Recommended,305380,21035032,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Lakrits,"Great rail shooter with good humour! The story mode is a bit short, but there is a fun arcade mode to extend the game time some more."
76561198231218888,Recommended,305380,21643775,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DJliammack,Blue Estate is the best on rail shooter I've played in years
76561198020822205,Recommended,305380,19723323,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Y'Golonac,I gotta get a PC lightgun.Lots of fun this.It reminds a guy/gal that a rail shooter can be serious fun.And it's funny.p.s. Not for the easily offended.
,Recommended,305380,19371191,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ev0ker,"Really great looking, fun, and very funny.  I really recommend it."
76561198151579756,Recommended,305380,31471149,Posted: 30 April,all,SentryWolf,"I usually dont buy, rail games ( no control on movement), but i have to say this one i dont regret buying.The history is just fun, stupid and adult fun. Got it on sale, but i would gladly pay the full price for it.There's girls, midgets, angry asian people and so on. Its a fun game. Also the achievments are just dumb and fun"
,Recommended,305380,18005859,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mr. Matt,"Rail shooters. Yeah, so typically I wouldn't touch them with a ten-foot pole because the premise seems rather boring. I enjoyed the first Umbrella Chronicles game on the Wii, and I enjoyed CarnEvil in the arcades, but otherwise, I just dismissed the genre...until I watched a ""let's play"" of Jim Sterling playing through the first level of Blue Estate. Oh my word, this game's pedigree and production values are what all rail shooters should strive for. If you already like the genre, you should buy this when it's a price you're comfy with, because it's grand.What's so great about it? Well, you play as two different characters throughout the game, and there are other characters involved as well, either present with your character in the level, or over a radio. Not only that, but you have a *very* geeky private eye narrating and adding commentary, as well as sarcastic and witty remarks from the ""Federal Bureau of Procrastincation,"" if memory serves.  There's plenty of dialog, tons of action, some of which is quite stylized, a unique gun on every level which you can use as long as you have ammo, or else you default back to your infinite ammo normal guns (but if you're careful with your shots, you'll rarely run out and can use the ammo guns almost the whole time!).Last but not least...the humor. This game is hilarious. Obviously, everyone has a different sense of humor, but I laughed aloud on multiple occasions and found myself smirking or grinning through much of the game. The comedy and gunplay go hand in hand as a real treat, and I'm so glad I finally played this game. I'm sure I'll end up circling back and playing through it again sometime in the future, because I had a great time with it, and it's just so charming with all of its comedy, action, and brevity. I dare say this may be the finest rail shooter I've ever played."
76561198050396737,Recommended,305380,15435657,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,elderkt,FPSs are nice but I've always enjoyed a good rails shooter. This game reminds me of House of the Dead Overkill. This game plays really well on a PC using a Wiimote with a wireless sensor bar and GlovePIE to map the controls.
,Recommended,305380,21059394,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Syndwar,Awesome game!
76561198122022585,Recommended,305380,25685488,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,teremaster,"Great fun. The jokes are hilarious (don't let SJWs fool you, just because they're insensitive doesn't mean they aren't funny). The only gripe i have with the game is it's only roughly 3 hours long, but the stages have tons of replayability to make up for that."
,Recommended,305380,15402569,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,†H△† Be▲Ʀ B△5†aƦD,"Best $13 i spent in a while, its fun as hell especially if you use a light gun!"
76561198034162850,Recommended,305380,15370681,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Punisher,"Love it, but really short. I hope they put more content later. Other than that it is a solid game and lot of fun."
,Recommended,305380,21143183,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,BrendanButcher,"With a game like this I have alot of good and bad to say.For starters I want to say whats good. Blue Estate is of course a fast paced rail shooter based off of Victor Kalvachevs graphic novel of the same name which feature charcters such as Tony Luciano, Cherry Popz, and Clarence. This game feels more like a promotion done right because every moment I played it was truly intoxicating with the humor and gun play. Now I do wish it wasnt a rail shooter but its overall incredible fun. Although I haven't read any of the books this game is making me want to buy a few only to engross myself into the universe of Blue Estate.Now comes the bad which is this game is very short (3 hours to be exact) and dosen't really offer nothing more than arcade mode and a difficulty mode. Also Clarence is almost very uninspired and boring lacking what made me love Tony Luciano. The charcters portrayal of a stereotypical ugly american italian mafioso is just icing on his comedic preformance from his racial slurs down to his shoot first ask questions later attitude.I can and obviously will recommend this game to anyone looking for a good laugh in the beggining but to be sure to fall asleep in the middle as Clarence."
,Recommended,305380,25576579,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Oleg,This is a railshooter done right. I played it with a couple of frieds using a leap motion and it was ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Took us a couple of days and quite a bit of beer to get through it.
76561198062588872,Recommended,305380,15736099,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,B82REZ_,"This game is funny and comical.Not your usual FPS. Works really well with the mouse controls. The story line is good and reasonably immersive.Its just entertaining. If you're wanting a serious game that you can get really into and play forever, then this probably isnt that game. But its highly entertaining, repetitive gameplay is a good time killer.I enjoy it.Works well in the comic style."
76561198029852280,Recommended,305380,15820352,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Valtheknight,"Memories from time passed...Blue Estate: The game.Whom of you born in the 90's remembers the arcades? Or Arcade-cabinets for that matter. I do and I found myself looking back at those times long passed as I was playing Blue Estate the game. Giving me nostalgic memories, Is one of the surefire ways of getting my approval. HOWEVER, it is also one of the most effective ways of getting burned at the stake if they soil those memories.Luckily for HE SAW, they managed to avoid the latter.Blue Estate is a great blast from the past, giving back the good name of rail-shooters and arcade shoot'em'ups. I won't go over the story, since what there is, is minimal at best. Let's just summarize it into: A pulpy, over the top, humorous, d-movie, with a lot of shooting thrown in. The game is based on a comic, however I haven't had the pleasure of reading it.But, I can say. That if the comics are as fun as the game, they will be added to my collections post-haste.But what about the game? Well, I think it's already obvious that I love this game. And everything I say must be adhered with a good measure of bias.The game is short for what it is, but can it be blamed for it? I shall paraphrase ""I would rather pay for a short and well constructed piece, than something made to take hundreds of hours."" And that works with this game. Although it took me  under 4 hours to finish the game on normal difficulty, including the arcade modes. I can say that I enjoyed it greatly.The game ran well on my PC, right now I'm downloading it onto my laptop. So i will update the post afterwards to tell you how it ran.EDIT: Laptop.After setting quality to low, it ran fine. Once again, it is the integrated Graphics-chip that is the hurdle. (Intel HD Graphics)The games visual quality is pretty good, however I did notice some strange blurriness with some areas. Otherwise the game ran perfectly fine, there were no noticeable framedrops anywhere (PC). (Unreal Engine at work..)The games voice-acting is wonderfully cheesy, giving the characters some great personality. The music is somewhat mediocre at some points, however it manages to settle well with the areas. Giving them a bit more life than you would normally see in a rail-shooter.. NO! I SHALL NOT SAY THE NAME OF ""THAT"" GAME. NO! ARGH!!Anyway, where was I?Overall, I cannot recommend Blue Estate enough. The price 13€ might be a bit steep for some people, especially considering the games length. However I personally feel that the gameplay in itself is a good reason to get the game. The story is a bit so-and-so, but it gives a few good laughs and snorts, with its somewhat silly references now and again.For those who want some funny and enjoyable arcade fun, Blue Estate is the game for you."
,Recommended,305380,16396809,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,J4CK BUR70N,"Excellent game. These guys know how to make an entertaining game. Not to mention, got it on sale, dirt cheap. Can't ask for anything more out of a comical/arcade type FPS."
,Recommended,305380,19780371,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Williamtx900,i love arcade shooters like house of the dead time crisis jurassic park lost world arcade evil night carnevil well blue estate is pretty funny shooter its pretty short tho its fun u should buy it on sale.
,Recommended,305380,31420074,Posted: 28 April,all,iddqd,Great rail shooter. Graphics are decent at least and the animations are flawless!
76561198011514925,Recommended,305380,15315207,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,JoyWritr,"Fun, easy to play (I played entirely with mouse, never died on first-time Normal Story playthrough), and in my opinion at least, not nearly as offensive as I expected based on what some sites say. Would definitely buy a sequel."
76561198049195768,Recommended,305380,22146013,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,_Cal,Super Funny FPS and play as a guy named Tony whats not to like
,Recommended,305380,19702444,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,kschang77,"Blue Estate is a rail shooter. Yes, a rail shooter, powered by the Unreal Engine, and it was used to very good effect as you shoot your way through waves and waves of goons, and a few boss battles. The game does not take it self seriously, as the characters, based on a graphics novel, are over the top bad, combined with sitcom dialogs and hilarious plot developments. The action is also excellent, complete with occasional minigames (shooting based, of course!) to raise your combo score. Bosses are also attacked in a similar fashion: half joke, half serious. The result is a very satisfying shooter, that you sort of which was a little longer, but the existing levels are VERY long.Any way, you play either as Tony Luciano, son of the local Mafioso... except you're never doing anything... proper. The only thing you can do well is shoot. On half of the levels you play as Clarence, ex-SEAL now mercenary. Any way, Tony starts the game shooting his way into a bad Chinese Restaurant operated by, uh... I honestly can't tell what are those two Asian goon leaders were supposed to be. Any way, you shoot your way through the restaurant looking for your stripper sweetie. The story was supposedly being told by some PI relaying a story from the stripper, so you'll often get disclaimers, ""clarifications"", commentary, and so on to set the mood. Yes, all this is in game. As Tony shoot his way through the restaurant, goons appearing from every direction, Tony can only rely on his trusty Desert Eagle... and later, the occasional shotgun. Clarence has a silence pistol (unknown caliber, probably a .45 or Baretta) and gets to use a Winchester rifle (yep, lever action, from the Old West) and even later, SMG, and SCAR-L (the military rifle with suppressor).As you work your way through the level, each level has bonus objectives, usually some symbol, for you to shoot as sort of ""collectible"". Bonus items have to be ""swiped"" (either with controller gesture or with WASD keys) which can also act as QT event moves to dodge, jump, vault, etc. There are occasional bonus moves you can perform in game (the Chihuaua one are funny, at least the first few times around).Enemies can be shot as soon as they appear on screen. If a reticule appear on them, that means they are almost ready to shoot, and you should target them ASAP. Items that can be shot, such as locks, chains, and so on that are mission critical  have a translucen flashing outline about them for you to see. There are bonuses for total eradication (kill every target on the map), wait till last minute (danger close), dodgy (never got hit), and more.There are only a handful of levels but each level is VERY long or at least it felt very long. Enemies are armed with variety of weapons, from pistols to shotguns to SMGs to grenades and assault rifles. Some may even melee you by rushing you with machetes. And they do pop out of nowhere, sort of. Each level has something new. A level with bees (shooting it will distract the enemies for you to deal with others), a level withThe engine game is served with ""style"", a certain bravado that's hard to find in game nowadays, so it is very refreshing, despite it being a rail shooter.Usually not my cup of tea, but it's fun enough I bought it, and I do enjoy it very much."
,Recommended,305380,20446144,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Der maskierte Magier,"A very well writen story and good rail-shoother with hot girls! :PSpecialy recommend if you have a light gun! If I had one, I would play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game! :D"
,Recommended,305380,16804972,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,falseprophet,"The genre of the ""Rail-Shooters"" is pretty outdated by now but blue estate shows that its still worth playing. Sometimes a bit cheesy jokes, decend gun-mechanic and awesome level design made this game really awesome. So you can't move freely (haha as if you ever could in a  call of duty title.. sry those cheesy jokes got me) - what do you do? well you shoot and aim. Quick aiming is the main focus here and sometimes really challanging! The only critic i have is that there are not that many guns and you keep using the pistole because you gain more points and its more precise for headshots. I wish they would have added a bit more weapon variety and made them more powerfull then the pistole. An other problem is if you respawn you start instantly in the middle of the battle again (and not somewhere in ""cover"") so you get instantly shoot at and lose often health. In the graveyard section i occured a bug as the game broke after skipping a cutscene (might be a one time only error, didnt try to skip it again). Besides that its a good title and definitly worth the money!"
76561198039263346,Recommended,305380,15678739,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,CHROME_BUDDHA,"This game is F#@*ing Awsome! In a gutteral toilet humour way, if you are young enough to enjoy a good fart joke yet old enough to go the the strip joint and do, you will enjoy this. I hear it is great fun with a light gun as well.Well worth the coin."
,Recommended,305380,33373556,Posted: 8 July,all,Dark,Arcade shooting heaven.
,Recommended,305380,20312569,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,"New Player, Be Nice","My Impression:Blue Estate successfully combines beautifully designed levels with humor, self-sarcasm, and light nudity. It's essentially a Tarantino flick gone on-rails shooter, and a glowing love letter to the heydays of arcade shooters like ""Time Crisis"" and ""The House of the Dead.""Positive:+ Great story and characters, including humor and sexiness+ Solid on-rail shooting mechanics+ Voice acting was great, very funny as well+ Solid controls (played with mouse and keyboard)Cons:- Too Short, more story and this could have been a 10/10 game- Price, only buy at discount because of the length of the gameOverall fun game, and worth the play. I would recommend this to anyone who asked me if the game was worth buying at a discounted price. It's far too short to recommend at full price.Metacritic scores were low because of the jokes and nudity. They do not represent this game. The only flaw in this gem of a game is that it is too short.8/10"
76561198138514950,Recommended,305380,15288085,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Gunslinger,I got to free a hooker dressed like a mermaid from a fish tank.. so yeah. looks good [=
76561198184688345,Recommended,305380,18160337,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,D€a†h Un†åm€d,"Well this is game is new experience for me,  it’s different game, funny game lot of shootings and I like the Graphics, Story seems fun too, No regret, Recommended D"
,Recommended,305380,15306031,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Shrike,"I was skeptical about playing with a mouse, but it turns out to work very well.The story and all the little details and mechanics are hilarious and the game deserves more coverage. Love it"
76561198011380705,Recommended,305380,15332127,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,kelp,Not a bad time. Worth the cash drop.
76561198017321912,Recommended,305380,17385476,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,windwalker,"I have an only one complain about this game - i would like it to be longer. Why? Because its fun, its TONS OF FUN. It's been a looooong time since i saw a rail shooter as good as this one. I strongly recommend to get it - you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,305380,21195546,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Nontheist,"If you like FPS games and you want a change of pace, Blue Estate is great.  I finished the story mode on Abnormal (middle) difficulty in about 3 hours.  Audio levels could use some normalizing as it was hard to hear some of the voice overs. I enjoyed every minute."
76561198211779312,Recommended,305380,25667082,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Cheese grater,"Loved the game,big fan of onrail shooters the only downside for me that was how i had to reopen the game aboout 20 times to get it working as whenever i clicked on the game it just said it wasnt responding,i dont know if this is only me that has it do that.apart from that would highly recommed the game"
76561198023640043,Recommended,305380,24219428,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ninos10,"A very good on rails light gun shooter, badass game with a great pacing, great shooting and awesome sense of humor. 10 out of 10. You like Time Crisis, Virtua Cop and The House Of The Dead? This game is a bit slower but still awesome!!!!"
76561197977410928,Recommended,305380,24297713,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Eu4ia,"This an amazing shooter if you`re into this sorta of things,I`d recommend it if you can get it on a discount,not worth the full price,baseing this on the shortness of the game.Lets do the usual charts:+good graphics+very funny characters and story+really responsive and precise shooting+steam achievements+steam trading cards+2 modes of gameplay,different chars to play with+compete for the highscore+excellent challenge to train your reflexes especially on hard difficulty+replayable-no multiplayer-story shortI`d give it a 8/10 for a shooter game."
,Recommended,305380,24223773,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,OhioMan,"I bought this game on sale, I am not about to waste my time with the same basic review as others who have given details about the game and say basically the same thing..Decent shooter game and good graphics."
,Recommended,305380,32704676,Posted: 23 June,all,dewolfd,"First rails-type shooter on PC I have ever played and I was laughing throughout the whole game. Problem is, I bought and played a long F'n time ago (years) and the next chapter still has not come out. Arg!!! That's why I hate episode games."
,Recommended,305380,24166647,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Superior,A Rail-Shooter game+ Humor+ Gameplay+ Characters- Too short
,Recommended,305380,27870893,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ducky the Bee,"Oldskool railshooter.Short story, but very funny.  After finishing the story you can still kick♥♥♥♥♥in arcade mode and trying to up your score. All in all a very funny game and definitely worth the time and money (3.24 eur on sale).It made me laugh out loud pretty often, so that's good!I never been a great fan of rail shooters, but this game kind of changed it.I kind of felt sorry for the enemies for shooting their nuts....  Had a blast playing this game:D"
,Recommended,305380,22611861,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,188man,"This is a great light gun game, and i say ""light gun"" because it's essential for enjoying this game to the full. I love light gun games, games such as time crisis, house of the dead and virtua cop were among some of my favorite games period and i feel that this genre has been left out in the cold for far too long.This game plays very much like virtua cop, were it focuses on accuracy and precision rather than a duck and cover mechanic like in time crisis. Head shots are key to getting combos quickly and timing your reload is paramount to survival. Often you'll be met with on screen notifications showing you where to swipe the screen, these come individually, in quick succession or continuous like spinning a valve to open a gate. You can only carry two weapons which is a shame, though you won't need a lot of weapons anyway. The style of the game reminds me of house of the dead overkill, which had a grind house feel to it. So for the most part the game doesn't take itself seriously and perhaps you shouldn't either.If you like light gun games, do yourself a favor, get this game and a aimtrak light gunhttp://www.ultimarc.com/store/section.php?xSec=7you won't regret it, and please don't use a mouse and keyboard or xbox controller you'll only be experiencing a fraction of the fun if you do so."
76561198067677985,Recommended,305380,15508788,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Fudruckers,A fun and highly stylized rail shooter with couch co-op.
76561198032081304,Recommended,305380,18738123,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,39HUDSON,Why did i wait so long...ok u can call it a simple rail shooter...but the story and jokes made me laugh out loud alot...a rare thing in a shooter.....good fun !
76561198022794680,Recommended,305380,20303362,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,PUSSY SCHMETTERLING,Best game to kill several hours!Now I wish they will go forward and produce sthg like this soon!
,Recommended,305380,16380028,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AstroHun,"(take heed: I'm drunk while writing this)This might be one of the best Light Gun games on PC if you don't actually have a light gun peripheral (Typing of the Dead doesn't count). If you don't know a lick about the comic this is based on, you needn't worry (though you should do yourself a favor and also check it out for the gorgeous artwork alone), the writing in this has you in mind. The writing and production quality might veer off into the adolescent (sup stripper femme fatale pole dancing right on the start menu!), but it's surprisingly well done and put together beautifully. I thought it'd be a lot more ""budget"" quality considering how little I've actually heard of this game around the internet, but man am I happy to be proven wrong. I bought it during a Steam sale, but so far it's one I'd recommend even if it weren't discounted."
76561198146281450,Recommended,305380,16514188,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,jackstriker,"Very cool rail shooting game on PC.  Simple, just reload and shoot.  :)"
,Recommended,305380,18445842,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,XmattbeeX,"Rather crude, but the humour is usually light hearted enough. The cover can feel a bit fiddly, but guns are good and overall I'm enjoying this on rails shooter."
76561197970509330,Recommended,305380,18783719,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Blurfester,"Campy over the top shooter with a great story and superb one liners, albeit very gritty. Not to everyone's taste, but if you can handle lowbrow humor plus violence this is a must buy. This is an on the rails shooting gallery game but if you like games like typing of the dead, you can't go wrong with this title. Great production values and voice acting. Plus the stripper in the Menu screen is worth watching alone. 10/10 for a great shooter experience."
,Recommended,305380,19420903,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,HeWhoDies,lolololololol
76561198038856864,Recommended,305380,20303055,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Lov3Glov3,"This is a rail shooter where you have to keep the hair outta your face long enough to shoot people in their face lolThis is a genuine surprise. I bought this because it was cheap and I enjoy rail shooters but not only is this game very funny but it's also quite engaging as well. Is it perfect, no. The game is quite short and main characters do get grating after a little while.Still, if you're looking for a fun, dumb shooter to fill up your afternoon, you can probably find it here"
76561198020123928,Recommended,305380,21191438,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Abbott,"So i was a bit sceptical about on-rails shooters, but after watching trailer i thought i may have few laughs and go on with my life. But the game is soooo good !! unique gameplay, enjoyable shooting, easy to pick up but can also provide some challenge on higher difficulty, and i can safely say that it is the funniest on-rails shooter i have ever played. You can say the game is short (around 3h if you skip arcade mode complitly) but it has all the elements in right place without unnecessary filler. I can see myself coming back to this game every once in a while to play by myself on higher difficulty , trying to beat my score on arcade mode, or have good time with my freind or gf.need more hair gel/10"
76561197969593119,Recommended,305380,19951165,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Codc,HotD: Overkill meets Max Payne.
76561198013785602,Recommended,305380,21750237,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Dzuljzebari,"Amazing game,lot of great jokes.I wish I had a gun controller for more fun and hardcore. Best game of this type, highly recommended"
76561198236497138,Recommended,305380,17557495,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ThePacificFury,"FAN-FLIPPIN-TASTIC. I'm usually not one for rail shooters, but the trailer caught my attention. Games that make me laugh are worth a try. Games whose trailers make me laugh are worth a buy. Blue Estate delivers! I literally died in-game from laughing from at a joke Tony makes."
76561198058659934,Recommended,305380,19155096,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,RT6Hall,Well... silly and fun... Put the kids to sleep first and don't get stuck at the first screen ( she's not real ) oh and i'm not 12.Great game overall and i'm not even finished. Used the 360 controller but the aim was strange with there being no movement just aim so I recommend using K/M.
,Recommended,305380,19559929,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,calvincjh,Funny & Fun!
,Recommended,305380,20365130,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Yaridovich,"9/10If you want a good on-rails shooter game on Steam, look no further - Blue Estate is the one to get.Blue Estate is incredibly fun and does exactly what a game of the genre is supposed to do - provide the gamer with action-packed levels where it's all about quickly taking aim and gunning down enemies before they gun you down. And even while the game stays true to the simple premise of on-rails shooter games, it still provides variety within each level, as the player has moments where they can take cover to protect themselves and on other times the only protection they have is being a quick shot. The swipe motions, albeit not being anything too game-changing, does add an extra layer to the gameplay, but even more so are the special in-game moments like Shoot-a-mole or Showdown, where the player has to do something in specific like take enemies down in a specific order or pay attention to quickly shoot an enemy as he comes out of hiding.The story is completely packed with humor in a way that it doesn't feel cheap - it's not mindless jokes thrown around randomlessly, it's actual humor included within the game's story, both when it comes to character dialogue and certain funny moments during each level.Couch coop is, gladly, included - two players can play together with a keyboard, mouse and/or controller... And even a light gun, for those who do own one.The only thing I don't like about the game is how they set the weapon change command to double clicking the right mouse button and it can't be changed, which can be a problem sometimes as a single right click is the command for reloading. Would be a lot better if I could just reload with R and change weapons with a single right click instead. Still, it's just a matter of getting used to it."
76561198031944134,Recommended,305380,20926143,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,itchcrotch {PLX},I'm usually itno rail shooters. They seem a bit antiquated these days. But this one manages to fill in the gaps left by an absence of movement control with a short but densly designed campaign that stopped me from getting bored.I really like the art style too. They have sort of a half-tone comic book style ambiance going on. Very colourful.
76561198001807994,Recommended,305380,21569003,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Crudux Cruo,"i bought this for like 10 bucks and played it for 14 hours and thoroughly had a blast. its a little short though and it does get a little stale, but the humor carries it through, and the price is more than reasonable. i'd actually pay 20 bucks for something like this."
,Recommended,305380,15361455,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Mauzi,I had some fun with it I mean the last Railshooter I played was Rambo so yeah my expectations were low and I got a bit suprised.I didn't actually care about the story but I found some of the jokes quite funny well thats it (I did not read the book thats maybe why I didn't care that much)It runs perfectly on my computer so it will on yours (well if you have the minimum requirements at least)Just a bit short it took me 3 hours to complete the story and to go trough the Arcade mode twice (on different difficulties) but if really I want to squeeze everything there is in the game out I would need to replay the whole campain on the latest difficulty mode (that you unlock by beating the game).But that being said rail shooters are not really famous for being the longest games.
,Recommended,305380,21006829,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,BOT CHEESE,Kill these Chinese Mother BEEP as Be BADBUTT gansters and BEEP some BEEP up.
,Recommended,305380,21133156,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Minerva,"If you've played Times Up on your PlayStation 2 and liked it - then this is a must buyA fantastic new born arcade game in it's best way.You'll play as two characters named Tony Luciano (Mob bosses son) and Clarence (an infiltrator agent)Throughout 6 really well adjusted chapters you'll encounter countless enemies and tons of humor.It's a really short game, but worth all your money if you're into that retro thing!"
76561198112200135,Recommended,305380,15330744,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,XMAN3000,"Summed up!  ..Quentin Tarantino's Grindhouse on old school Rail Skates! Guns, Girls, Goons! Fun shooter! I'm a fan of the comic book also, so check out Blue Estate! ..Used mouse but can't wait to try this baby out with my Wii remote!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=524-e3B2Buw"
,Recommended,305380,15528300,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,PreacherMcFluffy,"EDIT: I changed my review from minus to plus because i didnt read the reviews and it's my bad for not researching the game. It clearly says Rail Shooter all over it, I shoulda googled. Rail shooters are not my thing, but if they were, I'd rate this as a good one for the sheer art alone.I bought this after searching on First person Shooters and seeing the positive reviews, without going too much further. At the price point, I could afford to...ooops.Great visuals, great style,  what a shame rail shooters are not for me :("
,Recommended,305380,20307709,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,kyris,Played it for 2 hours.Didn't get passed the menu screen.10/10.
76561197991724231,Recommended,305380,23176642,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,brainfuzz666,"well put together On The Rails shooter. it does all the moving, you do all the shooting and ocasional quick time event. funny and violent, 2 things i love in a game"
,Recommended,305380,22598862,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Sizz Of The XRK,"Blue Estate is a call back to the days of Virtua Cop and House of the Dead, brought up to modern standards with no punches pulled when it comes to the humour. I've just paid three quid for it, its worth every penny already and I've only played the first level and had a look at the settings and erm.... stuff that's there. Recommended."
,Recommended,305380,15299468,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Law Abiding Engineer,"Blue Estate. Boy oh boy oh boy, where do I even start with this one. Initial thoughts were that it was an interesting shooter with decent graphics and all and then the trailer showed that it had some humor, but that's about as good as the trailer gets. The real fun starts as soon as you actually start the first level.Blue Estates is suppose to be based off of some novel and the plot revolves around a few mobster families fighting over various things such as a race horse (can't say name or else minor spoiler), a sexy busty Japanese dancer (super sexy), and other things. The game genre is known as a rail shooter, which you rarely hear about four a few reason. One, is that they are linear. People these days seem to gate linear things because of their freedoms as this, their freedoms as that. If you're too anal about that, then move along. If not, then listen up. The point of rail shooters is at the very least, to force you into situations where you have to adapt, and you get to see exactly what the creator wanted you to see. Anyway, enough ramble, time to review.Gameplay:As stated earlier, its a rail shooter, so in each level you start off with a pistol that has infinite ammo. That's just standard protocall. Through out the level, you occasionally come across another weapon that can be used but with limited ammo. These are usually shotguns, ARs, rifles, and stuff like that. You move from place to place, and have to defend yourself against a lot of enemies as they charge after you, or pop up out of no where and shoot at you. Due to the nature of the game, and that having true unassisted aim would make the game really difficult for some gamers, they have a very generous aim system in which you have to aim close to the head with a general crosshair, and then allow the small crosshair to adjust slightly enough to get hopefully a headshot. This might make the game seem easy, but when enemies bob around, it can be hard to even get a lock on them so just good ol' aimming is required.While in the levels, there are times where you have to do minor interactive things that are not exactly QTEs, but they involve moving the mouse in directions, or keyboard bindings. An example is that when the main Italian guy is running around, he sometimes has his long hair get in the way. A simple swipe, and poof, its moved. Opening a door, just swipe left and right and tah dah. Ammo and health packs are plentiful, maybe too plentiful, but they can be ignored if you please.Graphics:The trailer and screenshots show it all. Not super ultra HD 4k texture stuff, but enough to be fun and cartoony enough to enjoy.Sounds:The music, while simple is very effective at setting the mood and changes as you progress. The voice actors for the game, are amazing. Each of the characters have an unique enough voice to easily know who is who, and you don't even need to know a thing about them to figure out what type of person they are. Also, the humor, oh god the humor in this game is flat-out, hilarious. If you don't find a moment in the game to laugh about, then seriously, something's wrong with you.  No, Im serious, how could someone not find one part of the game funny? The humor is raunchy at times, but very clever and witty. There are a few moments that might rub people the wrong way, but the humor is done in good taste and pokes fun at all sorts of people.Overall:Rail shooters have been an old-school game genre that have not gotten a lot of love, nor respect that they rightfully deserve. This game proves that the genre is not dead, and that you can enjoy a linear game with tons of humor. While I have yet to try the game on the hardest setting, I feel like the game is a bit too easy BUT you can make it harder by not picking up health packs, maybe not hiding while reloading, and stuff like that. This is definitely a good game that Im afraid will get bashed because the console version of it, didn't have the best of reviews, but still, this is PC version, not console. The price is one hell of a bargain for this, and if you enjoy rail shooters, humor, and a silly but fun story, then get this."
76561197967962246,Recommended,305380,35148366,Posted: 23 September,all,[n00bs] Vinny,Fun to play. Had some good laughs. Good graphics. The game offers what it advertizes.
,Recommended,305380,21261759,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Joratox,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game blew my mind, i played the old Time Crisis games and this remind me of them, but better. While some of the bosses are really bad and the game is way to short it do a great job of making me enjoy my time"
,Recommended,305380,19488452,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,TheRealTNT,"So far from what I have played this game is awesome.  The gameplay is original.  The graphics are cool, and the overall production is great.  I really can't find any fault with this one.  If only all games were like this !  It is a lot of fun for those that like shooter games.  But be wary, the movement of the character is fixed.  The gameplay is based on point and click style shooting.  It works great though and is original :)"
76561198107819829,Recommended,305380,18027047,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Tikwell,"Guns, Girls, Goons! Fun shooter!Blue Estate is a fun little shooter that has a sense of humour, but ends too soon.If you're a fan of on rail shooters this is sure to please.Visual Arts are by Viktor Kalvachev and are awfully pretty ... The game is a prequel of Blue Estate Season 1 (Comic)."
76561198026797849,Recommended,305380,31918601,Posted: 23 May,all,Yopt,"Really great game with amazing voiceovers. This is probably the first ""Shooter on Rails"" i play and didn't expect it could be so much fun. Definately recommend!"
76561197974694456,Recommended,305380,33153008,Posted: 2 July,all,usercar007,"Crazy rail shooter game. The game has a lot of dark humor and comedy. This is a adult theme game and definitely not recommended for children. Its best played with a controller for rail shooter games. It can be played with keyboard and mouse, but its not as smooth causing you to die a few time in game. Story is top notch if your into adult humor. One downside is the game is very short.Pro+ Great HumorCon- Best play using a rail shooter controller- Short Game"
76561197997743522,Recommended,305380,22146403,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,RoyalFlush,Best rail shooter ever!So much fun :)
,Recommended,305380,19560924,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ticklefist,"Bite sized game with mob shoot outs, crude jokes, andstrippers. What you see in the trailer is what you get. No smoke and mirrors with this one."
,Recommended,305380,21396008,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,pango,It's worth it even just for the poll dancing on the menu screen.
,Recommended,305380,18333137,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Borracho,"Perfect, politically incorrect, ultraviolent, a sheer joy for fans of old school rail shooters. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,305380,16128546,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Hellbrigade',A fun and hilarious rail shooter. You should probably get it.
76561198032705148,Recommended,305380,17991298,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,zondeozx,its freakyn awesome i love it 10/10
,Recommended,305380,32902292,Posted: 27 June,all,Carlos Danger,"Opening scene has hot Asian striper with some nice junk in the trunk in a thong working a stripper pole. I didn't even make it to the part where you play the game. That said, 10/10. Buy this game whether you plan on playing it or not."
,Not Recommended,305380,32816473,Posted: 26 June,all,killkenny,"It's not bad, though the rating certainly does not deserve to be 90% positive.While the narration and atmosphere are very entertaining with relentless enemies showing up to shoot,the design direction of action sequence took a wrong turn.Many of rail shooting arcades have a pause / cutscene in between and sometimes a mini-boss in the middle.However, the length of until you reach a certain point is way longer than you expect and surprisingly a player may get tired and bored from the combat.That is unacceptable for any rail shooting genre.The sequence of action and length should have been divided into small portions rather than un-ending long one-take shoot."
,Recommended,305380,15311188,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Dimi,"Best on-rail shooter available on Steam.This game is more fun than a weekend watching all the episodes of ""Married with Children"".High replay value, awesome humor, excellent atmosphere, great balancing...Get it!"
,Recommended,305380,16014682,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,jonathan,Very good game.
,Recommended,305380,17741319,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,VandeGarde,"I like my games and I like a good Rail Shooter. There are too view of these out there for the pc. Yeah...Rambo...f*ck him, they did it all wrong. I read all the reviews and took notice of the bad Meta-critic score. But there where a couple of good reviews and I could tell 'bout their way of reviewing that they were my kind of people. 'Been there, done that and a rail-shooter is a rail-shooter so don't expect anything else'.I went in with high expectations.It hit me on the head, took me by the balls and kissed me on the *&*^%*%And I've been playing it for only three hours.With a big smile I browsed through the forum and saw that Leap Motion was mentioned.Never heard of it....took notice and ordered the damn thing a minute ago.Tomorrow I'm gonna by a bottle of whisky and wait for the arrivel of the Leap Motion.This weekend I'm gonna shoot the crap out of everything in this game with my finger as main weapon.Hell yeah!Did I mention that this game has a lot of humor? Perfect voice acting? (if you're an addicted gamer you'll recognize the voice immediatly....hi Robin)  great soundtrack?Well, the game has all of that  : )I'm gonna replay and replay this one 'till my wife tells me to stop it or get a divorce."
76561197960277861,Not Recommended,305380,28401742,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,[STA] Cheeto,"While this game does everything it advertises, the disadvantage of a rail shooter that wiggles the camera around are imprecise shots. I had to turn aim assist on in order to have an enjoyable experience, and recommend everyone do so.Great for a waste of 3 hours of your life (especially co-op!) But I have a hard time encouraging people to support a game that constantly moves the camera while you're trying to shoot the dudes. While it runs beautifully, and is better than other rail shooters released for PC (looking at you, ""of the dead"" series), I can't recommend this for anyone trying to get their Time Crisis 2/""good"" rail shooter fix."
,Recommended,305380,21547997,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Dinamita,GG but how do i use Xbox controller?
76561197961467427,Recommended,305380,17651578,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,kpdkenny1,this game is a nice throw back to the 80s and 90s arcade games rail shooters i use to play.its funny game with fast action and alot of comedy only thing missing is the plastic gun pointing at the screen.here is a video if you are interested in getting this gamehttps://youtu.be/WG_8Y_wTC3E
,Recommended,305380,18447686,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,rmz,"Blue Estate is an on-rails shooter, the kind that is quite uncommon today. This Steam version is a re-release of the XBone version. The story is rather corny and the story missions are rather bland, but the game shines in arcade mode. It's actually more fun than House of the Dead.The story mode is sometimes fun even if rarely funny, but as I mentioned the missions are too long and drag on and on. Fortunately there is the arcade mode. I was so bored after running through the story mode, which took me around 3hrs, that I almost missed the arcade mode completely. That would be a mistake as the arcade mode is great fun. Fast paced, crazy headshot nutshot extravaganza. Fun!VISUALSEverything seems pretty enough. It looks amazing compared to the last HotD, but then HotD was so horribly horrible that anything would look better. Fact is Blue Estate is quite nice to look at and smooth at all times. The levels are not that complex but still good looking.AUDIONice music all along, nothing spectacular but fitting the game pretty well. Sounds are allright, weapons sound cartoony, but meaty enough. Voice acting is spot on. All in all everything is aok in the audio department.GAMEPLAYThe game controls surprisingly good albeit it has some sort of auto-aim which was a bit weird at first but quite handy later. The story mode is a bit fun-ish, but the diminishing returns quickly kick in and after a few minutes every minute is less enjoyable than the previous one. In the arcade mode you revisit some of the locales from the story mode and pop heads for high scores.If you like on-rails shooters play this one. It's not an amazing game by any stretch of the imagination, but it is a guilty pleasure worthy of some monies.Blue Estate - Random Game Footage:https://youtu.be/fJn6jv1-EKk"
,Recommended,305380,20518974,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,All American Bad Boy,I just need some god damn light guns to fully enjoy this work of art.
76561198006849221,Recommended,305380,23320897,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,rjazz2,"If you love shooting stereotypes and saying ""BRO"" a lot, this is for you.The gameplay had its moments but it does get repetitive and the story was dull."
,Recommended,305380,15290667,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,TheRooKie,"It's like Time Crisis, but with more pew pew pew pew pew . . .11/10 would kick chihuahua again."
76561198046449908,Recommended,305380,17876180,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,danny,my character keeps getting stuck behind a railing in level 1. Can someone please help?
76561198067787542,Recommended,305380,26884791,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PinkiePie,"An overlooked rail shooter that deserves to be a cult classic.A modern style rail shooter in the same vein as House of the Dead:Overkill, this game takes its story and toggles the cringe B-Movie Style all the way to 11.  Fortunately, it plays a lot better than HotD.If you are into rail shooters in any capacity, you need this game."
,Recommended,305380,15810636,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,El Chupacabra,"THİS İS PURE FUN AND JOY!!Worth every penny.So dont look the stupid reviews,critics or whatever, you should try this by yourselves.İ wish there are more on-rail shooters.At least we got this gem."
76561198139800890,Recommended,305380,17145030,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,devilnion,This is the first on-rails shoother I've played and I must say that somewhat I liked it. The story itself is rather short but there are some quite funny and bizarre events. The gameplay is simple and relaxing just aim and shoot with some extra clicks for dodging. If I must rate it I would say 7/10
76561198185042322,Recommended,305380,15310496,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Super Cobra,Fun! I dare say it was a blast. Great for old school light gunners!
76561198079449433,Recommended,305380,15309376,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,lost1,wow one of my new favorites. it is funny and fun
,Recommended,305380,15312218,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Panos |m3|,Wow. More of this Steam please! Where are these light guns!?
,Recommended,305380,15296326,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Gemanoneko,Second best rail shooter after the House of the Dead: Overkill. Definetelly worth 13$. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,305380,17993351,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Clone303,"if you feel like a bit of fun then this is really good game and also okey fun to play, yea normal i dont play shooter on rail but this is really good at what's doing"
,Recommended,305380,25240280,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Lyes,Great game for a great price. Get it when it's on sale. You won't regret it!
,Recommended,305380,15285638,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,jr.miqell,"IF YA LUV RAIL SHOOTERS AND POSSESS LIGHTGUN , DO NOT MISS THIS JEWEL.ABSOLUTE GEM.SUPER RARE"
,Recommended,305380,32877474,Posted: 27 June,all,Vanzer,"I need a light gun, badly!"
,Recommended,305380,32965786,Posted: 28 June,all,Iamdigidude,Surprisingly Awesome
,Recommended,305380,33057758,Posted: 30 June,all,the thing is...,Do you remember Virtua Cop? So play this and feel old...
,Recommended,305380,28653670,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MF DOOM,The best Rail Shooter on steam.pure fun story 10/10a hidden gem of game.
,Recommended,305380,17912369,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,schwarzie2478,"This game was a very pleasant surprise for me.  Good action, good gameplay, good humor.I always was a fan of these kind of shoot'em up games and this is one is very good!"
,Recommended,305380,18594834,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,L. F. Antrider,"The stripping sequence on the Title screen alone is worth whatever investment you have to make for this game.  3D assets at their finest in the form of what seems to be a busty, curvalicious Chinese stripper.  Full of lewd humor, violence, ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, guns, and political incorrectness.  These game developers know what you horny, high ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s crave and have given it to you.....And honestly, the rest of the game is worth playing through as well.  The shooter is challenging, made more-so by the constant barrage of bad humor, asses and greasy hair in your face.  (Vulcans may be exempt from this particular element of challenge.)  It's a fun experience that will take you back to the good ole days at the arcade, shooting side-by-side with some buddies as enemies pop out of the backdrop.  Two different play modes, an entertaining campaign and arcade mode, both worth playing through.  You may or may not squeeze out an obsessive amount of hours of gameplay out of Blue Estate, depending upon your own particular disposition, but whatever hours you do spend on this beautiful piece of art are guarunteed to be well ♥♥♥♥ing worth your time.This isn't just raunch.  This is raunch done with class, style, and nice programming.  Two-stick controls provide ease of use when drinking or smoking copius amounts of marijuana."
,Recommended,305380,20316163,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ANCRON,"This game hasTHEbest menu screen in gaming history. That screen alone is worth the price, game itself is a nice bonus.P.S. If you like women in lingerie, high heels, pole dancing, you will like this.P.S.S. You will like the menu screen I mean.P.S.S.S. Game itself is a mouse controlled point and click, cinematic, rail-shooter."
76561198008302916,Recommended,305380,15335212,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,dirtyCAT,"With leap motion this game is absolutely worth playing.Who doesn't want to shoot the screen using your fingers as an imaginary pistol. Its like all my childhood playground battles come to life :DGraphically its fairly pretty to look at too - but aside from the fun gameplay what carries this is the writing / dialogue. Its tongue in cheek and great fun. If you enjoyed the writing in Shadow Warrior then you will love this too.An absolute MUST buy for anyone with a leap motion controller, and well worth your time even if you don't and aren't complete child when it comes to on rail shooters."
76561198232585072,Recommended,305380,29997510,Posted: 17 February,all,Deets,"This game is good, funny and clever. Ok no but it's better than rambo the game so buy it on sale and you should have fun."
,Recommended,305380,20166418,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Vargh-,It's hard to aim if you're laughing all the time.Really nice game 10/10
,Recommended,305380,20179459,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,GORYOTEISHIN,"This game is awesome.It's graphic style is pretty... and silly, voice acting's way over the top... and sometimes funny, music is just in place... and on-rails with everything else. Anti-heroes are cool and heroes are absent, so all you have is your trusted Gold Desert Eagle (and a small arsenal of other shooting devices) and unlimited bullets to go ballistic.A perfect on-rails experience just for sh*ts and giggles!"
,Recommended,305380,20150596,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,gunsage,"Blue Estate is a bit hit and miss, and no, that's not my accuracy in shooters.  On the one hand, it's funny and even clever at times.  On the other, a lot of the ""sliding actions"" are annoying and unnecessary, such as flinging your long hair out of your face.  The graphics are serviceable, nothing to write home about.  The plot, characters, dialogue, and voice acting is on point.  If you're looking for a funny game, look no further.If you're looking for a balls to the wall rail shooter, well, it works, but it could be better.  In many cases, you feel like you're just going through the same room again and again, just from different angles.  This is a game that will please people looking for a chuckle, but leave rail shooter enthusiasts with apathy.  I was looking for both, so I'm satisfied, but won't be playing it in long bursts."
,Recommended,305380,20119942,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Burger Grim,"A huge surprise for me, Blue Estate is a masterpiece that does everything right. A game that uses phrases like ""warning headshot"", is flooded with all kinds of references, is narrated by some nerd detective and ""fps authorities"", has an amazing cliché protagonist and stripper chicks every step of the way is a game after my own heart. I strongly encourage you to check this one out."
,Recommended,305380,22736923,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Cool Burr,"The core gameplay is everything you could want from a new, modern lightgun shooter. However the game's attempts at humor, with its edgelord racial stereotypes and money cheese wackiness, land way more misses than hits."
76561198057775784,Recommended,305380,28447276,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SaMaN7UP,"another rail shooter with funny story , this game remember my childhood rail shooter games like ( house of dead i think or two cops )but honestly i like the menu screen in this game :))"
,Recommended,305380,24251177,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ねこ,เป็นเกมที่เล่นแล้วเพลินดี ยังมีมุขซ่อนในด้วยอันนี้แหละโครตชอบ
,Recommended,305380,26596188,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Spizy Chicken,"Shadow Warrior + Postal 2 + Rail Shooter = Blue Estate.Humping Dogs, boss fights, lots of bad guys to shoot, crude humor, jokes, and challanges.Short but sweet! Finished the entire game of 7 levels in about 3 hours playing casual. They do offer arcade mode and you can always replay to try and get better scores.Fun, funny, and enjoyable. Got it on sale for $3.99 and it was worth it!If this game offends you then you are probably a cry baby liberal college kid in diapers and need a pacifier and a safe button. Go trigger someplace else."
76561198006890090,Recommended,305380,23121933,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,brutalnewt,Buy it just for the menu screen alone.
,Recommended,305380,24696546,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Thraco,Killed hundreds of guys to save a marihuana plant.10/10
,Recommended,305380,28786179,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Olaf,"I finish this game in 4.3 hours, wish it was longer! Such a great game with great humor. Recommended!"
,Recommended,305380,24322276,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Death2iPod,WoW great and funny game!
,Recommended,305380,24102504,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jonsta,Virtua Cop if it was written by Tarantino.
,Recommended,305380,15299968,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,William Shakesman,"I'm a light gun fan from way back. Confidential Mission and House of the Dead 2 are still tops of the genre in my book. Overkill is the worst House of the Dead game but not all that bad. Blah blah, I just want to establish that I am a light gun critic.Only two levels in but Blue Estate is so far a solid light gun game and one of the best on Steam. It's quickly paced, has enough satisfying hits, cool ragdolls, motion, glitz, glam, blasting, and all the other good stuff you expect in a good light gun game. Plays great with a mouse. A score system rewards mostly lightning quick reflexes. No tricks like Operation GHOST's stupid 1 second enemy jumps in while you're tagging 5 second enemies or nonsense like that. The dialogue is hokey, bouncing from joke to joke to fourth wall breaking self-aware sarcasm to joke so fast you can't help but smile at the sheer energy even if there are not that many especially funny liners.Will add more later but so far this is a winner."
,Recommended,305380,27319354,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ocean Prince,It's like if Deadpool decided to make a Rail Shooter after watching WAY too much Pulp Fiction.
76561198106115722,Recommended,305380,27313161,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kirtz,Wow this game had me laughing for hours
76561198111506879,Recommended,305380,25420269,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MailmanS0S,it's okay
,Recommended,305380,25440563,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,PENTOR,เป็นเกมส์ที่เล่นแก้เบื่อได้อย่างมากทั้งมันส์ ทั้งฮา มีมุกแทรกเป็นช่วงภาพกราฟฟิคก็สวยดีในระดับนี้ สุดยอดมากๆ
,Recommended,305380,26019098,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,"Eric ""Eazy-E"" Wright","This game learned some bad things from Rambo. For example:-the weak AK47 sound effect,-the annoying enemy AI thug/soldier ""taunts"" (they always say ""he's a psycho"", ""pshychopatic"" etc.),About the game:-the game is fun for the first few hours, but after that it gets really repetitive and boring,-the chihuahua ""joke"" was ok for one try, but after the many many chihuahua sequences it was very frustratingI give a 6/10. My feelings are mixed."
,Recommended,305380,25476071,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ScrinGeneral,Two words: MAIN MENU
76561198050026565,Recommended,305380,32956818,Posted: 28 June,all,bill_a99,Surprisingly fun. Campy but good story and characters.
76561197985951941,Recommended,305380,33069329,Posted: 30 June,all,Jcknuter,YEP...ANOTHER KEEPER....get it...highly recommended!!!
,Recommended,305380,32725060,Posted: 24 June,all,Lord Death-Em-Up,"It may be short (completed the story mode in 3 hours total), but it was certainly fun (and  very funny).  The graphics are very nice, music is great and the action is near constant.The only real criticisms I have are :* Mouse swiping is very hit and miss (using the keyboard is the only way to go)* Gun pointer isn't reset to the last position when you duck (so you have to re-aquire the target again)* Ending is very blunt"
76561197991013889,Recommended,305380,35310821,Posted: 29 September,all,Krokus,"an Awesome game, This has lots of Action and I'm Pretty sure i Love this gameRating: 10/10"
,Recommended,305380,26167533,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,abcug,This is a terrible mistake... Both the f|_|cking game itself and the way it comes into my pocket ! I like to shot down myself rather than playing it once again... :))) ( okay if somebody don't recognize sarcasm... there is the grin :)
,Recommended,305380,29156796,Posted: 9 January,all,Certified Panda Handler,"In the age of the JSW, this game comes as a refreshing cup-o-fun. It's the type of game that ♥♥♥♥♥ on the sensative mindless drones that spew madness from every orifice. Good job devs, keep up the good fight."
,Not Recommended,305380,25454971,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Zeverus,"I tried everything but the game will not save the data. That is the only reason I do not recommend it, if you can get it to work great, I thought it was fun and had funny writing but still being unable to save kind of ruined it for me. Basically buy it, if it works well there you go, if not then refund it before you play to much."
,Recommended,305380,24113736,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,DOOMGUY,A hilarious on rails shooter on PC that's actually really good?11/10 would let small dog molest my leg again.
,Recommended,305380,24780595,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Last Caress,"Tight game play, good humor, good game. Buy it on sale as the story is pretty short. Definitely worth it for the $5 I paid. Arcade mode is great and could definitely add some time to the game if you're interested in it."
,Not Recommended,305380,28846645,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dai Tou Zai,"Blue Estate has a freeze/lock up glitch that happens to keep priates form having fun (Which is well and all good) but when it happens to somebody who actually bought the game then you won't get any assistance and it'll be a big problem, the game is great i bet but while there's a chance of you getting this bug i wouldn't recommend buying itEDIT: Also it takes like 15 minutes to start up"
,Recommended,305380,29273227,Posted: 15 January,all,wobbler,"Proof that on-rails shooters like time crisis (or the abysmal Rambo game that came out a couple years ago) can still be a whole lot of fun.Hilarious characters and story, with ludicruously funny dialogue and set-pieces, solid shooting fun (for an on-rails shooter of course), with plenty of variety in settings and even in gameplay to a degree. I mean there is only so much variety you can pack into one of these games, where you literally only have to point and shoot (you never need to touch the keyboard in this game at all, you can do everything with the mouse). But they have managed to keep the game feeling fresh in each level, with new stupid characters, equally stupid reasons for taking on the mission and over the top comedy violence.For £2.50 (on sale), you really can't go wrong.I have never heard of the comic book this is supposed to be based on, so I can't comment on whether it follows it properly or not. But for this price it really doesn't matter. Just dive in and have some solid shooting fun, and be prepared to laugh a lot at how well written and well thought out the story and characters are. In a ridiculously stupid and funny way of course."
,Not Recommended,305380,25380466,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,DOOMJESUS,"not a bad game really. except that it is designed to be used with a light gun controller or something and it does not translate to mouse and keyboard or gamepad controls. very awkward and difficult to control with kb and mouse and that means there is no way you can reach the high scores and you'd be very lucky to make it through without mistakes. you will find yourself repeating sections over and over and that♥♥♥♥♥♥gets boring fast.the pc controls simply can't play this game in the way that it was intended and there is nothing you can ever do to change that.to me, essentially, a waste of money."
76561197987811627,Not Recommended,305380,26488685,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Pain_Man356,"This is, apparently, my first ""rail shooter"" so I'm not going to judge the genre by this game.But I have to give this game a Non-Recommend.The first problem is this game was clearly written for tablets/phones and the Devs did not see fit to rewrite the game to fit the PC's control structure.  This makes playing the game awkward to say the least.  (Perhaps if I had a touchscreen for my PC things would be different.)The lack of controller support is also a negative.  The game's setting appear to let you use the controller, but once I was actually playing the game, the only way to do anything was mouse/keyboard.Perhaps rewriting the game's interface for a PC port was a bridge too far - I don't know enough technical stuff to be able to say.The StoryThe story is light-hearted noir (similar to Pulp Fiction, LA Confidential, etc).Unfortunately, in the few minutes I played, there was very little story, just a constant stream of Asian badguys, muttering in Classic Cliched Asian-speak.  If we're going to play with ethnic stereotypes, why not be at least a little clever about it?I think there is some real potential here with this material, but I'd much prefer the game to be structured in a more traditional manner.  Because, apparently, I'm no real fan of ""rail shooters.""  I wanna be able to move around, duck, dodge, dive and duck.  And shoot.If you're a rail shooter fan, this game is for you.  If, like me, you are not, I'd avoid this one.Almost a good game."
,Recommended,305380,15319528,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,𝓢𝓱𝓪𝓭𝔂,Awesome game
76561198262233191,Recommended,305380,34357183,Posted: 19 August,all,CHITOWN,RAIL ARCADE GAME AND GREAT GAME FOR THE PRICE.
,Recommended,305380,28921910,Posted: 1 January,all,Konrad,Awesome on rails shooter. Cherry Pops.
,Recommended,305380,22630146,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Cuddletauren,"I have 30 minutes played so far--just finished the first chapter. My money has been well spent, and I rarely have the pleasure of saying that these days with ""bargain"" games. Simple controls for numerous devices, great voice acting, graphics, gameplay mechanics, great controls, and classic on-rails mayhem.If you were unaware of the ""On-Rails Shooter"" tag or description, it simply refers to a game where you essential do not move your character--rather the games automatically moves you along. There are abilities and ""swapping"", which allows you to pick up items, such as health, ammo, weapons, as well as constantly flick your hair out of your face (so as not to obscure your vision.)With cool stats, steam leaderboards, achievements, and extremely satisfying gameplay, I am happy to recommend this game to anybody who loves to shoot people, whether it be full price, or the (as of this writing) 70% off price of $3.89.I just wish the game had a Jimmy."
,Not Recommended,305380,26610844,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Vivianite,Pressing R durring gameplay crashes the game.
76561198054337027,Not Recommended,305380,22870858,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Aikura,"An on-rails shooter without a light gun is, as it turns out, the most pointless thing ever devised. And while I am all for dumb attempts at humour, this is TOO dumb. I actually felt embarrassed playing it."
,Not Recommended,305380,22752262,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Duncan Hunter,"As a game? Meh. If you have a lightgun though, have fun."
,Not Recommended,305380,21038646,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,phignuton,"Eh. Points of entertainment, but mostly, it sucks. It's a rail shooter, so you shouldn't expect great depth of gameplay or anything like that. There's titillation for the sake of being ""gritty"" or ... something like that. Levels drag on *way* too long and the boss fights aggravate that tendency. If you're looking for something stupid to waste some time, then take the chance, but good lord, don't buy it at full price for any reason."
76561197975551289,Recommended,305380,29638317,Posted: 1 February,all,TuRoK 2....,Drugs Women Gunz....Awsome Game xd guys
,Not Recommended,305380,34378925,Posted: 20 August,all,dentist,"The gameplay is pretty fun and works well, it's too bad the truckloads of really forced juvenile humour ruin the experience completely."
,Not Recommended,305380,33843215,Posted: 27 July,all,𝓐𝔁𝓲𝓲,"TL;DR at BottomIf you enjoyed this review,consider giving it a thumbs up!Pick up on a heavy salehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1092232154Gang WarsBlue Estate is an on-rails shooter that uses Saints Row-esque humor to try and keep the gameplay fresh in a genre with little that can be done in terms of innovation. The game focuses more on gameplay, using story as nothing more than a means to an end, so most of it's rather generic or just straight up boring. You play as a gangster, Tony Luciano, who's relationship with a stripper named Cherry Pops sees him mow through dozens of rival gangsters in his attempts to retrieve her after she's taken. Blue Estate is a rather short game, clocking in at just under three and a half hours on my first playthrough, and I think this works in the games favor since if it had dragged on for much longer the experience would have started to get progressively worse and more repetitive than it already is. There's only six or seven levels and each one seems to have its own story that only loosely connects to everything else, you even switch characters a few levels in, which is an incredibly odd choice for a game that's this short. There isn't much that Blue Estate does to freshen up the on-rails shooter genre, but to its credit it isn't like there really is much to work with.""Diplomacy and tolerance were not numbered in Tony's talents, he liked to shoot first and, well, he just liked to shoot""- Roy Devine Jr.The Old SwitcherooAs aforementioned, Blue Estate isn't particularly focused on story and also makes an odd change in your player character not but two missions into the game. Blue Estate's story is already on the lower quality side and do make such a switch with so little time left in the game is both pointless and also cheapens any building story that was already started. Similar to if you were given eight hours to write a school paper, and with four hours left you decide to throw everything away and start again, it just doesn't make any sense, especially in an already poor story. But the story being of poor quality doesn't really get in the way of gameplay too much since Blue Estate was developed to focus on gameplay without really needing a story. The story is definitely functional and serves its purpose but there's a noticeable difference between something that's good and something that just barely works.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1092231345Laughing the Problems awayI'm not really going much in depth about Blue Estate's gameplay here because there really isn't a single thing that Blue Estate does any differently than just about every other rail shooter that's out there on the market. Blue Estate seems to attempt to differentiate itself from the rest by using dark humor in the most obnoxious way possible. Some games, like Portal for example, weave humor into gameplay and use it so that the moments where you aren't doing something are still enjoyable. Other games, like Blue Estate for example, wield humor like a great hammer and swing it about with the intent to beat you upside the head until you start laughing. I found myself getting progressively more frustrated as the game went on and they re-used the same jokes and tricks over and over again until they had beaten the humor right out of them, the ones that were actually funny in the first place. The game uses the joke of a chihuahua humping your leg six or seven times throughout, on top of other reused jokes like the first protagonist's hair constantly flopping into his eyes. There's nothing wrong with using humor as the driving force of a game, and there's nothing wrong with dark humor either, but Blue Estate does both horribly and instead of making you laugh, you just end up wanting to go play something else.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1092232535TL;DRBlue Estate is a run of the mill rail, repetitive, rail shooter that's trying so hard to implement dark humor that it becomes a frustrating turn off in a game that needed every little bit of help it could get.If you found this review helpful or entertaining then feel free to leave a comment and join my Steam Curator Group atMudkips Gaming"
76561198086743161,Not Recommended,305380,16633597,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Horseborn,"A fun game thats well written, but it is in no way worth the asking price, i finished it in 2 hours."
,Not Recommended,305380,15516610,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,"[REDi]1R MAJ princecoo [A,D,ds]","This is an on-rails shooter in the same vein as that classic arcade game Time Crisis. You shoot at the bad guys, occasionally take cover, reload, pop out and shoot more guys, rinse repeat.It is generally pretty funny, and the set pieces are varied enough that you don't get too bored, but the gunplay is lacking a bit, which is not a great sign when the gunplay is your whole game, essentially. Also, the main characters hair keeps flopping down over your eyes in game, requiring you to push a button to flick it back, which is annoying.So basically, it's bad.But then, remember it's meant to be silly and not to be taken too seriously, and now it's still not particularly good.But it's not bad."
,Not Recommended,305380,16062408,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Sgt Fats,"Game gets old quick, you start off with a pistol every level and then get a secondary weapon that will not carry over to the next level. Enemies are pretty easy to kill, even on the hardest difficulty. I played with a mouse and key combo, I have not tried it with the light gun. Its a little much for the current price, I would wait for a sale. My biggest gripe with the game is the forced story element. Many of the levels are filled with in game story exchanges, that can drag on. you can not skip them."
,Not Recommended,305380,26505733,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,x2Li,Rails Shooter like Virtua Cop 2 (who is old knows)
,Not Recommended,305380,19579494,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,www.mxngxxse.co,"Game had issues running, launched, but never showed a window. Dissapointed, i really wanted to try this game out."
76561197970479197,Not Recommended,305380,18576334,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,dfaugust2k,"lots of potential, too much repetition /feels like being at work, like I should be paid to ""play""."
,Not Recommended,305380,19644279,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Crow,"A fun game thats well written, but it's no way worth asking the price, i finished it in 2 hours"
,Not Recommended,305380,16673465,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SubJaeger,The Good:- Good Style- Good core gameplayThe Bad:- Way too repetitiv- Short (3-4h)
,Not Recommended,305380,18859488,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,periurban,"Hard to know why this game exists. Are there fans of the Blue Estate out there just gagging for schoolboy humour and twenty year old gameplay? This could have been a passable No-One Lives Forever kind of shooter, but instead it's a dreadfully dull point and shooter.I suppose it some would find it ""funny"". Some might appreciate the ""retro"" mechanic, but I found it annoying and predictable. Not that I persevered very far with it, so maybe there was better stuff around the next corner, but somehow I think there would just be an endless stream of lumpen ""gags"" and breasty women."
76561198021872483,Not Recommended,305380,26154103,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Ackara,Comic screen shooting game without a gun controller.... would been fun with a gun controller....with a mouse not so much.
76561197983878024,Not Recommended,305380,25168502,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,simregan,"on rails shooter...need i say more,,whats the point of these type of games!"
76561198061517468,Not Recommended,305380,31871425,Posted: 20 May,all,Panter,Not what I expected and boring
,Not Recommended,305380,29514963,Posted: 26 January,all,Noct.BYZZ4,BORING♥♥♥♥♥GAME
,Not Recommended,305380,15316106,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Simebone,"If I was in the arcade, I wouldn't put another token in at the continue screen."
76561198141417626,Not Recommended,305380,15307921,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,MooMooMtherfockers,"Sigh, what ever"
,Recommended,305380,30546994,Posted: 16 March,all,Enigmmo4,hilarious game with a lot of shooting and action i recommend it :)7/10
76561197972225375,Recommended,305380,15515478,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,The Elliott,"I will give it a positive, a Duke Nukem wanta be, Read careful only draw back game is on rails. Just continous killing. Would have been so much better in Shadow warrior format."
,Recommended,305380,15298024,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Gamerz-Zone,Great game funny shoting lovely
,Recommended,305380,15306099,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Crowbar Jones,Mindless violence of arcade-style persuation.  Crude humour and pop culture references keep it alive - think of it as Saint's Row meets Time Crisis.
,Recommended,305380,19630100,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,I make girls insane,top fun
76561197999850394,Recommended,305380,25470935,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Lov3toPlay,Super fun shooter. The story line is engaging and has unexpected twists and gun battles are fast and furious! The visuals are vey impressive and the levels are very well executed. I highly recommed this title as it will bring you hours of mayhem and fun!
76561198022186188,Recommended,305380,30929301,Posted: 3 April,all,selambentolgi,very entertaining and funny game.... you want a shooter? here is a hardcore one... you asked for it... highly recommended
76561198056196988,Recommended,305380,27323794,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Leon Stormbringer,if you want a game thats about something and just click and shoot. this is the game for you! and its funny as hell!!!
,Recommended,305380,27381114,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scorbutic,It's about as good as you can expect an on-rails shooter to be.
,Recommended,305380,26117754,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Oak SK135,Shootup KFC Simulator.
76561198126975019,Recommended,305380,26422597,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,wolfinston85,"This is one of those games that in my opinion was assailed mercilessly by plenty of different critics, simply because of some of it's concepts, i've never read the comic, but be that as it may, Is it really that bad? There are a couple of jokes here and there that are very offensive and of bad taste, a lot of the humor feels forced, but even then I got a chuckle or two from a couple of jokes, very short game I must say, even while playing on the hardest difficulty available.In all in all I just don't understand some of the problems that critics had towards this game besides personal problems that they may have had with it's humor, and with some aspects that the game talks about, it's a silly, and a really vulgar game, but I don't understand why this necessarily makes it a bad game, the game has a really good combat system, I love the art style, and as I say it's a relatively fun time as long as you know what to expect, (which by the way you can do exactly that by pretty much playing the available demo) overall it's been a really nice time, reatively fun, and enjoyable, while being a bit funny at times, nothing new, but really nothing terrible neither."
76561198052332353,Recommended,305380,26605401,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,AndersonLAX,"As someone who doesn't play a lot of FPS, this is the best kind of game for me. If you like rail shooters this is top notch. Its funny, fast and easy to get into. It's a short game but has a lot of replay value. I highly reccomend this game as a fun side game to play when you got some free time.The only downfall that I see is that the story is short and I wish there were more weapons but all in all it's great. A+ from me, I hope more people pick this game up!"
,Recommended,305380,26838552,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MacLe0d,A good old shooter.
,Recommended,305380,26833169,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,el chupacabro,"Fun, short, stylish rail shooter with some replayability if you like arcade-style high score challenges."
76561198006816268,Recommended,305380,26107623,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,inugami,great shooter on rails
,Recommended,305380,25899498,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,grand_turko,"Pros: - Enjoyable,- Different style,- Like a movie.Cons: - Limited control over the character movement,- Occasionaly indecent humor, (e.g. Dog scenes get very annoying as you progress)- Short.In sum, I can suggest this game if it's in discount."
,Recommended,305380,24179642,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,fireryone,"It's short, under 4hrs game time to finish the story and arcade mode.On sale is was under $4USD so still getting some reasonable value for entertainment time.For the achievement hunter there is a fair bit of replayability.Story is ok but no where near amazing, but its meant to be over the top.Has homages to John Woo and Starwars and other pop culture refrences.OnRails Arcade shooting is a fun break between other games.If it's on sale again and your not sure check out a trailer or a gameplay vid.To me it wasn't a terrible way to waste a few hours."
76561198152308686,Recommended,305380,23092296,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,BRAVO2033,Best on-rails shooter game ever !!!10/10
,Recommended,305380,22826655,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Zhuyin Stormstout,"I have this on Playstation 4 but the cursor keeps deciding to move gradually on its own so I have to keep pressing the center cursor button to fix the issue. So I got this on PC and honestly enjoyed it a lot more.Sure it has a few things here and there that could be improved but over all it looks nice, plays well and has some nice technical features like destructable enviroments that I personally enjoyed.Over all I recommend giving it a try at least. At worst it's a fun shooter."
76561198198074545,Recommended,305380,22787941,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nuts,"This game is a lot of fun, but only on sale. It is not worth 14 bucks but if it is like 3 or 5 then pick it up."
,Recommended,305380,22585146,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ElkhanArt,"This game could have been amazing...it does have a very fun gameplay...reason why i'm giving it a thumb up...don't buy this if you expect a good story and a coherent ending...also, don't trust the trailer, this game isn't like that except for the 2 first episodes...Anyway, great buy if you get it on sale, thats how i got it and i don't regret it.fun times!"
,Recommended,305380,22653316,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Dumle,It was fun to play through Blue Estate. I had not played a rail shooter in a long time and it was really nice and relaxing to play a level every now and then. The game looks really nice and have some varied levels with some fun encounters in them. The narration is actually pretty entertaining and really adds something to the game. One problem the game have though is that it is pretty short (took me around 4 hours to complete it) and that the story just ended abruptly in the middle of the whole thing without resolving anything. I was really shocked when the game just ended and i actually suspected that i had to unlock some secret level or something to get the ending level but i have found no mention of this anywhere.Another issue that i have is that you have to redo the whole level if you fail. It just does not appeal to me to replay an entire level if i screw up against the boss and i am not looking for that kind of experience when playing a game like this. It only happened once to me at the last level but it annoyed me and it almost made me drop the game.But overall i enjoyed Blue Estate and would recommend it to anyone interested in this kind of game.
76561198112143958,Recommended,305380,22241956,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The Imperial Wizard,"Great game that, although I haven't played much of I think I'm qualified to do a review ofPros:-hilarious-racist?-addictive-simple-clever-good plot-fun game styleCons:-racist?-it's on rails-slightly repetitive-it's on railsOverall: 7.25/10 Really funny, well made game that, if arcade-style shooters are your thing, you should not hesitate to buy at full price, and if not, get on sale"
76561198081543675,Recommended,305380,22360222,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,assasinan,"A little fun game with a good sense of humour, unfortunately has a quite short story mode."
76561197991583378,Recommended,305380,22563911,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Rock_and_Roll_Detective,"This is a rail shooter which means that all you do is aim, shoot and once in a while presse up, down, left or right once an according arrow appears. No walking, no decisions apart from in which order to shoot the enemy and no leveling etc. pretty basic. While you are doing this your 1st person characters moves automatically (thats why rail shooter) and tells a story. Is it fun? Astonishingly yes. Writing this I finished the 1st playthrought in about 3 hours and must say: The game is worth the 3,89 euro I paid for it. I would consider more than 5 euro too much, however. Great game to distract you for a limited time from whatever you consider distraction worthy. Also great game if you want to try the genre rail shooter."
,Recommended,305380,22335640,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,DirtyJews,"I don't like on-rail shooters, but I had a great time playing through the game in story mode and arcade mode."
76561198019998793,Recommended,305380,22504885,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,the nazrat,"Blue estate is a on rails shooter based on a comic series. It's remnicent of hardboiled fiction but is incredibly sardonic and comedic in tone. The story is fantastic, framed as a fbi interrogation of a wannabe detective retelling the story of the son of a crimeboss, Tony Luciano. The story opens with him saying something like: 'Bring me the girl, or this deasert eagle is gonna say it louder!' as you go on to have a shootout with gangsters. The game controls really well and the on rails setpeices are fantastic, then juxtoposed against things like your hair falling down, blocking your vision. The only sin this game has is that it is fairly short, although there is a fair bit of replayability with challenges and scoring system. In short it has a good story, great homour, tight controls (well on mouse and keyboard. there is leaf control support, but i hear it is not particularly intuitive), brilliant gameplay, doesnt feel repetitive as there are 2 characters you switch between, and different weapons for each level. It feels like what a revival of the rail shooter genre should be, and to my knowledge, a rare genre to find a game for. A very enjoyable game that is appropriately priced for the experience."
,Recommended,305380,22297802,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Hexie Lambent - ♤,"A lotta fun, really.  The presentation of it all makes the big action sequences actually pretty intense and awesome to play out, what with the loud music and explosions and guys dropping dead left and right.  Most of the guns are punchy and feel satisfying to shoot, and the acrobatics your character tends to pull off (one much more than the other) lends to that real action-antihero badass feel.  The tension of the fact that you are pretty fragile if you let your guard down for more than a few seconds kept me into it and focused.Much of the humor is pretty low-brow.  I had a good few chuckles, but most of it was passable.  Story is... definitely a story.  Ended kind of suddenly as well, which caught me off guard.  Only real complaint I have is the fact you can't customize your very large and obstructive crosshair which made some more precise long range areas and even a few mid-range fights more of a hassle than it should have been.  Everything beyond that is nitpicks, like how I had to enable raw mouse input, the gun viewmodel occasionally blocking an enemy, and a few annoying sequences."
,Recommended,305380,22292413,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bluemeanie,"Like the old arcade games you played as a kid with plastic machine guns mounted on the front. If the games were trying to get banned for being full of inappropriate humour and boobs. If you like rails shooters you'll love it. I nabbed it in a sale, not regretting it at all"
,Recommended,305380,22578266,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Frosty Grin,"Fun, snappy and good-looking game with modest system requirements."
,Recommended,305380,24245621,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,Fun game. Story mode is great. Arcade mode is great.Graphics and audio are all great.Lots of hilarious moments.10/10
,Recommended,305380,24264577,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Merenth,"Came across this by accident; I'm glad I did!Very fun Rail shooter with a good storyline, well as good as they come in shooters anyways.Lets hope for a sequel!"
,Recommended,305380,30984114,Posted: 6 April,all,N4me404_,Ahh I miss those old arcade game
76561198050484139,Recommended,305380,28640928,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Crannberry Sauce,"The humor is garbage and it knows it, that's why i like it so much. Usually i hate this kind of BS flagrant obscenity but for some reason it works. Maybe because the trash makes a bit of sense instead of being offensive just for offensive's sake. Other than the only talking point about this game, it's a pretty solid rails-shooter. The hits do lack some punch but the action and set pieces surely make up for it. This game is usually on sale, but even full price at $13, i think it's well worth it."
76561198050995649,Recommended,305380,28485391,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Salomon,"Just played Blue Estate for a while. It's a wave shooter and a finger exercise; if one doesn't take anything of its content seriously, which the developer also recommends one shouldn't do, it's quite some fun. I laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off during some game comments, and in short, it has everything a man wants: violence and sex (again, not to be taken seriously). :PDefinitely recommended for some finger exercise in between ... whatever it is you're doing."
,Recommended,305380,28380716,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,-W3E- The DJ,"Where even to begin. This game has great gameplay, and funny commentary. It's a great game for people who like simple shooters and had fun in the arcade with those gun games that are like this. The story is great, nice diffrent weapons that you can have thought out missions and just all out funny. If you like comedy, and shooting things, then buy this and have fun. Sexy Ladies too. ;)"
,Recommended,305380,28418358,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,✪ GnG,GG for Training ur aim
,Recommended,305380,28194020,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Pepsiman,"Playing this makes me wish more devs made Rail-shooters. The action, the setpieces, the humor; it all fits together and the game feels focused.Shooting feels great and all the weapons are fun to use. Story is pretty fun with some great voice acting and funny twists.Music is badass and fits the tone perfectly.I didn't try co-op but singleplayer is great so don't dismiss it so easily.However, the game ends so abruptly. It honestly feels like a part 1 out of a bigger game.Still, I am very glad I played and I had a great time!"
,Recommended,305380,27689085,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zombie-Fu,"Remarkably fun, solidly built, smooth running, beautiful game.  I wish the story mode was a bit longer but it's a hoot to play.  A nice change of pace from usual FPS or sandbox games."
76561198062929052,Recommended,305380,27582849,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Feels Good..,"Gratuitous T&A, constant jokes, ridiculous action and plot........and chihuahas.. 9.5/10 (not a perfect 10 only cuz I'm spoiled and love a bit more freedom of movement)"
,Recommended,305380,27683252,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,herman,"Fun over the top on-rails-shooter, especially when enjoyed in local coop."
,Recommended,305380,33354494,Posted: 7 July,all,Dain_Torson,"Not a bad game, but could have definetly been better. Graphics are OK and the gameplay is pretty dynamic, However, the uninventive level design in conjunction with very basic and abrupt story ruin at least half of the fun."
76561198039118673,Recommended,305380,33397565,Posted: 9 July,all,Ewyndall,"It is an on-rails shooter, so bear that in mind that there is only so much you can do within such a limited framework. Still, I must congratulate the developers as I believe they managed to make the most of what this style of game can deliver.A fairly short game with some replay value but it does manage to give a good 3-5 hours of solid entertainment. That is, if you like the style of the good ol' action movies of the 80s, because Blue Estate has spades of that (most notably the cheesy humour that's so bad it's good).I think the most genuine endorsement I can give is that I wished it lasted longer.So the game itself is more than enjoyable if you don't mind the style. Price/value is always subjective but personally I think for 13€ it's alright. If you find it too much for such a short gametime, just wait for a sale as it definitely worths a purchase at a discount."
76561198003332807,Recommended,305380,32772505,Posted: 25 June,all,EternalNewbie,"Fun little railshooter where you get to kill lots of people.  As its an on-rails shooter there's only so much that can be done with the game mechanics, so it has to rely on the story & sense of humour to maintain interest, which it just about manages to stetch over the 7 missions."
,Recommended,305380,32909127,Posted: 27 June,all,Kingpin,"Great, engaging and hilarious rail-shooter. But the the game just kind of... ends. Didn't feel like any real conclusion, but really fun nonetheless."
,Recommended,305380,29215273,Posted: 12 January,all,Shadow Kin,You can play while eating pizza.10/10
,Recommended,305380,29236610,Posted: 13 January,all,ears_rape.exe,♥♥♥♥ing ace lol 10/10
76561197996668645,Recommended,305380,29261500,Posted: 14 January,all,Lephtovermeet,More fun than it deserves to be.
,Recommended,305380,33876438,Posted: 29 July,all,Serbian Potato,"One of the best rail shooters i played to this day, the humor is out of this world... it's maybe a short game but it will give you a few laughs by the end of it.8/10"
76561198041153724,Recommended,305380,33975135,Posted: 2 August,all,JKB#Kinguin.net,"When it seemed that the on-rails shooters were buried deep underground, Blue Estate appeared to show that even today it can be fun, especially thanks to movement control. Developers have done a good job because Blue Estate has not only entertaining gameplay but also crazy characters and funny moments, on the other hand, the game could be longer and offer more modes. This is good entertainment for a few hours, at a slightly higher price."
,Recommended,305380,24809303,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,zwan,"A pretty good on-rails shooter, a rare sight on PC these days!Great humor, voice acting and story telling :)It also supports leap motion controllers and light guns, so it's even more of a blast if you have one of those."
,Recommended,305380,34419713,Posted: 22 August,all,✟4²ºƒιиεssε✟°,If you like on rails shooters.... This is the best you'll find at least on Steam. Had a lot of fun playing it until I got stuck on a level on crazy train mode. The replayability is pretty low as the levels are exectly the same everytime. Good for a playthrough once every couple months though. Recommend.
,Recommended,305380,34794943,Posted: 7 September,all,Bodomi,"A fast-paced rail shooter with a sense of humor, great gameplay and a nonsensical, but short storyline.Blue Estate is a pretty fun rail shooter game that has a weird storyline being told by anot-so-reputable 'detective'.The story does end quite quickly but I still enjoyed it.You get 2 different weapons each level in the story mode, your stock weapon which is a pistol, and another weapon that is relevant to the level you're playing in one way or another, like a shotgun or an SMG.I personally only used the pistol as,not to toot my own horn, I have better-than-average aim, and with good aim the pistols are much easier to use when you want to consecutively hit headshots while not tanking your bullet hit-rate percentage.The Story-mode is quite short, about 2 or 3 hours, but the meat of the game,arcade mode, is where the real gameplay lies; that's where you will be spending most of your time playing this game, as is with most rail shooters.Seeing as it is a rail shooter it naturally requires you to have some form or level ofgoodaim to not constantly die, or to get some self-satisfying stats at the end of each level.Getting close to 100% headshots at the end of a level while also keeping a high bullet hit-rate is quite satisfying.All-in-all it's a great game for what it is.It's a rail shooter that is meant to be played most in the Arcade-mode, but even if you get tired quickly ofrepetitivearcade-modes I think it's still worth it if you just want to complete the 2-3 hour long story mode."
76561198045047829,Recommended,305380,35257186,Posted: 28 September,all,UsedForks,"I absolutely recommend you pick up this game if you see it on sale, but I definitely wouldn't say it's worth thirteen bucks, at least to the average user.  If you love arcade style games as much as I do, however, then it may be a different story.Don't get me wrong - It's a lot of fun the first time through, and is probably the only rail shooter I've seen with actual charm and personality.  There are a lot of amusing characters and moments in the story, and even if story isn't your thing, there's an arcade mode where you can just blast hundreds of dudes in only a few minutes, which is great if you want to cram a lot of mindless action into a short amount of spare time.  That being said, the game is best enjoyed in short bursts, as it eventually suffers from the typical tedium that this niche is known for.It's also a fairly easy perfect game, if you're into the whole achievements thing."
