user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198055914756,Not Recommended,305640,11148771,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Ognoggin,"Personally I hate the thumbs-up or thumbs-down review method.  I clicked do not recommend because I myself would not want this game recommended to me.  Not because it is bad or broken but because I don't enjoy it enough to warrant the price.It is very well-polished, stable and the graphics are top-notch.  The UI is all click-based (think touch screen design) and easy to use.This game however is very simplistic and is not a deep game with lots of variety or replay value which is a hallmark of Rogue-like games.  Personally I would not call this game “Rogue-Like” at all as it has only passing similarities. Primarily it has procedurally generated levels and the notion of progressing through multiple levels but that’s about where the similarities end.  I guess you could be generous and call it Rogue-Lite – very lite.The game was designed as a mobile/tablet app and as so is intended for quick game play in between flights or while waiting at the doctor’s office.  It is not a “sit down at the PC for a few hours and build up your character game”.There are only 3 stats for your character (Strength, Wits and Luck) and two gear slots (weapon and head).   From these stats and items are derived your attack, dodge, defense and critical ratings.  Plus you have hit points.  That’s it – that all of it.All of the equipment is pretty similar stat-wise and basically offer some combination of modifying the 3 stats and may offer specific damage type or defense.  There are 60 melee weapons and about 20 ranged ones.  There are 60 head gear items, many of which have the same stats and just different graphics.There are a total of 5 “classes” to choose from that you unlock while playing.  Their starting stats are all the same but each one has a unique ability they gain for a period of some moves when starting a level.  You level up each class separately. So in effect you are slowly upgrading each class over the course of the game – which is really the point of the game I guess.The levels are very small – you usually can clear each one in a few minutes. They are basically a few “rooms” (maybe 5-7) with some hallways connecting them.  Monster variety is limited with 28 different creatures.  Gear occasionally drops from creatures but “potions” can be found here and there on the ground.  The potions are unknown at start and you basically burn one to find out what they do.On each level you will also find two resources scattered about. Metal which is used to level up the strength, Wits or max HP of a class between level runs and crystals which are use to randomly generate head gear and weapons between levels. It appears that all the available gear can be randomly generated and there are no unique items only found as drops.Monsters wander around levels and when they get close enough, or are attacked by a ranged weapon, move towards you and attack.  Then your only option is to click the monster and go back and forth taking damage until one of you dies.  Killing monsters has no benefit other than they may drop some gear (rarely) or metal (often).  Some of the monsters are not hostile and can be completely ignored. On many levels you can make it through the entire level without having to fight a single monster.There is no perma-death.  In fact there is no real death since you are a clone. You keep your character the entire length of time you play the game.  The only consistent aspect from session to session is the stat upgrades you purchase for each of the 5 classes between runs.The entirety of the gameplay is to explore a level to try and grab as much metal and crystals as you can before proceeding to the next level.   Do this until you run out of life and die. Then respawn grab two new pieces of gear and do it over.  Just keep grinding metal and crystals to increase the stats of your classes.Your gear is lost when you die (but it’s not a big deal since you can generate all new gear between levels) but any stat increases made on each class is kept.In summary if you are looking for a quick, low-depth game that centers on quickly grinding through as many small levels as possible before dying just to slowly build up a few stats without much power creep then you will probably like this game.  If, like me, you are looking for a deep game with lots of stats and equipment and skill options where you build up your very customizable character to progress as far as possible in a single dungeon then give this one a pass."
76561198029864377,Not Recommended,305640,15578671,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,nehznehz,"I like the humor of the game, I like the art. But I can't recommend it because of one glaring problem: there isn't much game.There are some different classes and a range of abilities. The problem is that everything is gotten through grind and that there's only about two tactics: walk up and bash things that you have to while avoiding others or manage to get a gun and kite things. The first way is the way you go because you don't have a gun. You try to survive as long as possible and die due to attrition. Skill is not going to save you here. If you have a gun and a shovel on the other hand you can survive anything. You'll eventually die simply because you get too bored to keep paying attention.A level basicly goes like this: enter a level, get as many goodies while taking the least possible damage and find a teleporter to get to the next level. If you're successfull, the game will quickly run out of things to throw at you. Expect to see the same levels and enemies time and time again, just in a randomized layout (which doesn't really change much)The only thing that stands out in this game are the random event tiles. Stones or stumps that look slightly different. If you click on them, you get an event, followed by a choise and a skill check. This is the best part of the game.In the end, the game relies a lot on grinding and doesn't offer enough variety or gameplay depth to back it up. You can have fun for an hour or two. You can pick it up at a very low price, but I recommend you quit playing once it's starting to feel a bit boring because it's not going to get any better. Don't buy this at full price."
,Recommended,305640,14737813,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,peremptor,"Shattered Planet is a fine rogue RPG type that unfortunately, is designed for mobile systems in mind. Even so it is still a lot of fun to play on the PC but the lack of any keyboard integration is annoying to say the least since the game could easily be played through it. Also the inherent focus on the mobile market for this game makes it a tad less deep than the game could have been but for the price, it's still a pretty good game that offers good value for what it charges.The game is very easy to get into and is fun to play, at least for a while, most games don't even get this far so if you are a genre fan, check it out."
,Not Recommended,305640,22015301,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,anglerman,"While this game might have some neat systems, it does fall flat in its core, which is surprisingly dull.Pros:-Good looking world, tiles are crunchy and very pleasing to look at-Fair amount of customization and replayability-Discovery system that rewards many actions keeps you willing to explore-Decent soundtrack-Very polished, feels a bit refreshing in a world filled with unfinished games-You can play as a robotNow for the bad part, which I feel outweight the good stuffCons:-While it does have a beautiful environment, character animations are awkward and clunky-Combat is crazy uninspired and unsatisfying; click to hit enemies, they hit you back, and then you can hit them again or away while they just follow you again. Several similar turn-based tile-based with single-character games handle this sort of combat miles better than Shattered Planet. Items can be used for various effects such as displacing them, damaging at a distance and so on, but the core is basically clicking and and clicking, with little tactical maneuvers to be done other than try to use narrow passages so only one creature can hit you at a time. It's just not engaging enough and I felt tired for just about 15 minutes of doing this.-Pets can't be controlled at all-Item gamble should've been only divided into weapon and armor rather than by tiers which are useless since you can keep gambling for the highest tier literally after five minutes and the other two are there just for show. Even then, after about 10 tries I got 9 headgear and a single weapon, which made runs fairly more annoying.-The game bases itself in exploration of planets, but in the end there's just very little to find from exploring other than a slightly different enemy that behaves exactly the same and a new tileset to a map that feels the same as the last oneOverall 4/10"
,Recommended,305640,11487417,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Evilhippie,"If there’s one thing that remains constant inShattered Planet, it’s that you’re going to die, and die a lot.  Indeed, in this particular subset of the RPG genre, it’s not a matter of if you’re going to die, but just a matter of when.Shattered Planet, as a space themed dungeon crawler, embraces the inevitability of death, taunting the player to conquer just one more floor before sealing their impending doom.As an isometric rogue-like adventure,Shattered Planetlooks and plays very well.  The character sprites and environments are beautifully detailed, though the game lacks variety somewhat in the number of tile-sets and enemy types.  Similar to other games in the genre, combat is turn based, with the usual array of weapons, armor, and potions one would expect.  The main game mode, Explorer, throws the player into an infinite dungeon, and though each floor itself is short, the descent into the dungeon is effectively endless.  When the player succumbs to their inevitable death, all items found in the dungeon are lost, though currency is found on each run to spend in the waiting area on upgrades and character development, or the player can spin a random item wheel with 3 potential tiers.  Unfortunately, there is no real crafting system present, nor the ability to sell accumulated junk to for currency.Being an adaptation of a mobile port, the micro-transaction currency shop has been removed, though the mobile version is marketed as free to play.  At times, collecting currency to upgrade can seem to be frustratingly slow, as once you are teleported back to the main area, you will more than likely spend that currency obtaining new weapons, armor, and items for the next run.  The class variety is also somewhat narrow, with the only differentiation being a different starting bonus that wears off rather quickly.  While players receive experience and items for “identifying” new things found along each new run, it’s apparent that the variety of dungeon types and item-sets is limited.  After a few runs, everything begins to blend in and seem a bit familiar, leading to that undesirable tedium so often loathed as the “grind”.That’s not to sayShattered Planetis not a fun game in its own right.  Despite the lack of variety in the content, what’s there is well done and quite polished.  You might see the bulk of whatShattered Planethas to offer fairly quickly, but it’s enjoyable along the way.  Though there are five different player characters, they’re all similar enough that they essentially only differ in character sprites.  Of course, you could play through multiple times with different characters, but there doesn’t feel to be any reason to do so without more clearly a defined delineation between the classes.  The lack of a crafting system inShattered Planetreally feels like a missed opportunity.Though it has its roots as a mobile game,Shattered Planetis a surprisingly fun for what’s there.  While it may be one of the more stylistic rogue-likes to come out recently, the game would benefit greatly from additional content at its current $14.99 asking price.For more game reviews and in-depth information make sure to visitFeed Me Pixels.-Evilhippie"
,Recommended,305640,18118858,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Two Clicks,"VERDICT:Shattered Planet is a fun, enjoyable and for the most part non-taxing casual rogue-like-lite. Though its an iOS port With a simple formula, its solid design and addictive gameplay offer a range of unique experiences ensuring the somewhat repetitive nature of gameplay doesnt detract with each playthrough.  With multiple game modes and a host of research items to discover it will keep your interest high for weeks if not months.If you enjoy taking a character to explore small randomly generated maps, exprience many unique events, collect a vast amount of unique items, while fighting off enemy monsters then this could be something for you.  With minimal RPG elements, basic character skills and inventory management the game is a great little time killer between those larger budget games you no doubt play.... More info below ...01. GENRE:2.5D Isometric, adventure, lite rogue-like, mobile port.02. SETTING:From your starship orbiting a strange unsurveyed planet, you take on the role of an expendable clone  created to conduct exploration missions and discover what is on the planet below.03. STORY/BACKGROUND:Once you step into the teleporter on your ship you are beamed onto the ground below.  Your mission is to explore the different areas of the planet which are split into levels. Arrayed across the map you will meet the indiginous people, an assortment of random and varied enemies to defeat, items to collect, events to experience and obstacles to overcome.  Your aim is to discover and catalogue serveral hundred elements unique to this world and in some modes reach the end level of the mission.  Standing in the way of progress is the deadly invincible blight, that follows you from the beginning of each level ready to infect and overcome every living being in its path.  To avoid succumming to its effect you must locate and reach teleporter that will transport you to the next level.04. GAME MODES:There are four types of game mode: the basic quest - Daily Challenge (10 levels), the Exploration Challenge (150+ levels) and the two harder Signal and Old Blood Challenges (10 levels).  All with their own objectives.05. GAMEPLAY/MECHANICS:Though the games biggest draw is the element of exploration resource collection and harvesting plays a big part.  Perhaps the game's greatest strength is the numerous gameplay mechanics included with its uncomplicated design.  Numerous playable archetypes(character types), several recruitable allies; melee and ranged combat with dozens of varieties of weapons, armors for protection, resistance and immunity to certain elements, collectibles for healing or boosting character stats and abilities.The starting area of the starship contains several consoles and dispensers from which you can setup options such as character archetype, starting inventory for the next game.  They also allow you to upgrade character stats, choose your ally and, buy weapons, armors and item from dispensers using two resource types.  Resources include metals to upgrade stats and minerals which can be used to make other purchases.06. ENEMIES/OPPONENTS:There are too many to name here but the variety of enemies means it will take you a while to discover all of them and what their weaknesses are.  Sometimes you will not have the perfect weapon or item to quickly take care of them, so you will either have to improvise or flee.  The most common enemy types are: Crabs, Robots, Humanoid Natives and Plant-life.07. LEVEL DESIGN:Levels consist of four or more areas defined by terrain.  Areas can number from four upwards depending on the game mode or the depth of level entered.  Terrain can be destroyed with weapons.  Levels are covered with events and collectibles provide the player with tough choices.  What to do or what to keep in order to remain intact and progress as far as possible.08. A.I:The A.I controlling the various npcs and enemy monsters does a good job of randomingly sending them towards or away from you so until you get too close they seem to be oblivious to you.  Unless you attack them of course.  As there is little interaction by the computer controlled critters the A.I is basic but good enough for the job.09. CONTROLS:Good basic keyboard and mouse controls.  For an iOS port, mouse control is up to the standard you would expect for PC games.10. GRAPHICS:The graphics are well-drawn and cute, if rather basic.  Overall the aesthetics are functional and nice.11. SOUNDTRACK & AUDIO:A simple repeating melodic tune which changes when combat starts is the mainstay of the games sound.  Its apt but nothing to write home about.12. VOICE ACTING:Minimal but used to good effect during the tutorial and at key levels during certain game modes.13. CHALLENGE/DIFFICULTY:The game has a useful tutorial at the start.  Progression is measured almost perfectly with a learning curve that will match most players commitement to the game.  In addition achievements mark significant events so if you go after them you will learn more about how the game mechanics work and what you should be doing.14. PROBLEMS:Only a very few which required a restart at most.  More annoying than game-breaking.  Sometimes the tooltip for held inventory items can become stuck and take up part of the screen.  Only moving the mouse pointer over the item fixes this.A few minor bugs with interacting inventory when buying items from the randomly located robot trader.   Sometimes this will lock up you game and you will be unable to move.  Can be fixed by restarting the game but any progress for that level will be lost.  Annoying but not game-breaking.15. ACHIEVEMENTS:Actually a great mix of achievements.  A few teach you the games basics. Most though can be categorized as: Kill x y z; Complete each game mode; Complete n amount of research or upgrade character stats.  Just be warned that two to three achievements will need many hours to grind - at least and most likely more (2x kill 10000 critters).  Be aware that one achievement is unobtainable.  Complete ALL research is bugged with and events items not in the game. Unfortunately the game looks abandoned so dont expect any fixes.EDIT: 16 Mar 2016 - broken achievement removed.  Now 100% completeable.16. DLC:There are no dlc and none planned.17. PLAYTIME:You could play most of what the game has to offer in around 25-30 hours.  That includes the 4 major game modes.  Though you would probably need to play around 50 hours to get your character up to the sort of level you will need to get to level 50 and beyond on the Exploration mode.  I have 100 hours with 70/71 achievements, the only remaining one is the bugged research probably requiring many more hours to get all the available research items. Something Im not bothered with.18. LONGEVITY/REPLAYABILITY:There is a massive amount of longevity and replayability in this game.  Yes the nature of gameplay is repetitive but which game isnt...  the game seems to be designed around this (as you'd expect) to a certain degree as its a mobile port.19. ENJOYMENT/APPEAL:Anyone who likes rogue-likes or doesnt mind good mobile ports will enjoy playing this.  Though if you dont like casual games of a somewhat repetitive nature then it wont be for you.  Even though it has lite RPG elements I dont think there is enough for players who may want something deeper.  It really is something you can play for 5-15 minutes each day but no more than an hour or so.  Short spurts of fun.20. VALUE FOR MONEY:Excellent a full price even if you only play twenty or so hours.  In a sale its a bargain.  If you intend to play this well-made game for longer then you'll get many weeks / months of entertainment for peanuts - no sweat."
76561198002579015,Recommended,305640,12455313,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Skydawne,"I really like this game, I am not really into ""roguelike"" games, and don't even know what it means. But, I like the atmosphere and the scifi setting, and although you keep doing the same over and over again, it is different every time and it feels satisfactionary to make progress. Nice game to play when you just want to do some quick game.+graphics are well tuned for such a ""small"" game+easy and understanding controls+music and sounds-story is not that evolved (but it isn't made for the story i guess)"
,Recommended,305640,11056836,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,PrivatePsycho,"Enjoyable planet exploration rogue-like game with certain elements that carry over to next playthroughs. Offers quite a few of unlockables and a very good sense of progression throughout the game, with every new monster and weapon carrying you a bit closer to the next unlock.Addition of daily challenges and quests makes for some good variety addingto the 'standard' runs.I'd recommend it :)"
,Not Recommended,305640,16515472,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Draken,"Warning,1) This is a mobile game recycled for PC!2) There is absolutely NO SKILL involved in playing this game!3) The whole game is about grinding! You die and die again to accumulate ressources and level up, and leveling up is not interesting at all since all you gain is health and damage4) This is NOT a rogue like! With rogues there is a wealth of diversity in items, situations, exploration, and sometimes skills. This game has none of that, just a flat progression and grind, very bland!The game is not ""bad"" per say, but there is no reason to spend your money on this instead of something better. Grab it on a big sale, for a couple of dollars maybe, but full price this is a waste of money and time."
,Recommended,305640,11484899,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,mark | dj.,"+ Detailed, high res graphics+ Random events+ Research+ Pets+ Tons of items- Potions are always random until you use them; research has no use here and therefore you can't rely on these items you sometimes desperately need in the heat of battle (also known as: counter-intuitive)- Lots and lots of grinding before you feel you're making any progress- Earning money and crystals is very time consuming until you at least get better armor and weapons (with a 4-5 star rating)[Rating: 77/100]"
76561198027475328,Recommended,305640,14627684,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Timwu,"Very nice rogue-like game where exploration is fun and rewarding above all else.  Adorable art style and object references,  Smooth and interactive gameplay and UI, solid mechanics and RPG element, it is a very enjoyable game.Shattered Planet's biggest strength and weakness is its progression system.  Between each run player can and should purchase permenant upgrades which increases the raw strength of the player.  This provides consistent progression after each run which can be very exciting.  However this also incentivise grinding to obtain more power in order to face tougher challenge instead of relying on luck and skill to overcome obstacles like a true rogue-like game.  Since the upgrades do not change the way you play, the game can become stale quickly.  Also the system imposes a cap on the game; you'll only play to purchase all upgrades and explore all of the contents.  The result is you receive a more finite experience than other rogue-like games, which can be a good thing for some players.All that said, I would still recommend this game to just about anyone."
,Recommended,305640,12934330,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,The Great Saiyaman,"Shattered Planet is the kind of game I would not recommend to anyone. Without a doubt, I have fun with it, but after some hours, it feels kinda repetetive.You play as a clone (or rather many of them) and try to discover the ""shattered planet"" as good as you can. On each stage (distance) you have to find the teleporter to the next one, and you will encounter stronger and stronger enemies doing so. Money and resources you find while you are out on your mission are stacked into your bank, and back on the ship you can use it to craft items and develop your characters.The varieties of items is good, but after four hours of playing it, I rarely got a new one.There are some small things, that make this game different than others of his kind. For example the pets you can clone, the potions you can find and you have to discover them each mission again, cause they swap properties or the daily challenges.It is a really nice game to play in a break or play for ten to twenty minutes. But play it too long, and it gets a bit dull and repetetive.The controls are good, but you can see that it fits more on a mobile device like a smart phone (and yes, it is available for those ones, even for free if I am not wrong).Pros:- daily challgenges- potion system- challengingCons:- no story- very repetetive"
,Recommended,305640,28333148,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Audish,"I always like to have a game on hand that I can play for a few minutes in between other games. Caves of Qud was that for a long time (at least until I got good enough to spend hours on it), Hero of the Kingdom was perfect, and even hidden object games have filled the bill at times. Coffee break games are a fine and necessary tradition, and Shattered Planet makes a strong showing in the genre. There's no telling how long it will stay strong for you, but it's worth diving into for as long as it does.Shattered Planet has you investigating a planet that has, well, shattered. You beam down from your tiny survey ship onto randomized islands suspended in the atmosphere, and wander around looking for the teleporter to the next bunch of islands. Along the way you'll come across alien life forms, strange liquids, bits of equipment, and all sorts of random events as you keep ahead of a blight that's consuming what's left of the land. You'll keep chugging along until something inevitably kills you, only to be re-cloned back on your ship for another go.During your sojourns you collect two kinds of currency, scrap metal and crystals, which can be spent on your ship. Crystals can generate random equipment (by default you start with nothing) and purchase pets to accompany you, and scrap buys consumable items and permanent upgrades to your class. There are five classes to unlock and over a dozen pets to capture and add to your menagerie so you have plenty of options for making each run a little different.Gameplay-wise, it's a lighter version of very traditional roguelikes. You navigate along a grid by turns, bump into enemies for melee combat, and use the scant items you find to survive as long as possible. Equipment isn't a common find in Shattered Planet (since you can generate your own on your ship) so the main finds on your expeditions are going to be vials of liquid. There's maybe a dozen of these, all different colors, and their effect is randomized and hidden every run. Some might heal you, some might poison, some might permanently strengthen, and some might explode. This is a holdover from classics like NetHack where you had to experiment with unidentified items but here it's just a pain, because it means the first vial of each color you find is either going to be wasted on testing or gambled on yourself. Another holdover is the blight, which functions like a timer on each level as it consumes tiles, but serves no real purpose because within the limited mechanics there's nothing to exploit by hanging around for too long.There's a multitude of biomes to explore, each with their own indigenous life and random events like haunted tree stumps and angry natives. Every time you encounter something new it gets added to a codex of the game's content, and at certain discovery milestones you get rewards. This is the real progression of  the game, filling out this codex, and I admit it can be tempting to push on for another run or two when you just have a few discoveries left to the next level. However, this is the ONLY progression in the game. There are no bosses, and no end to the main Discovery Mode, so your enjoyment of Shattered Planet is going to last as long as your interest in finding new things is.You do have a few options besides Discovery Mode, like the daily challenge with fixed equipment and the three scenarios that task you with specific objectives. They extend the lifespan of the game, but only so much. It's a bit of a cheap-feeling game as well, with stiff vector graphics animated in Flash style and a pretty limited spread of enemies to face. The sound design is fine, especially the music which fits the coffee break chill of the game perfectly. Shattered Planet doesn't aspire to much but does what it does well, and as long as you keep chasing the game's secrets you'll have a fine time with it.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
76561198004388901,Not Recommended,305640,11080494,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Karthas,"While the gameplay is somewhat engaging, the game's touted 'class system' is a complete letdown. All of the types of clones are functionally identical, and despite an almost overwhelming assortment of items, the limited equipment slots and lack of character options leaves me feeling like something is missing. In the end, I just think there are better rogue-likes out there."
,Not Recommended,305640,11467059,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Topagae,"Beautiful, slick. If it had as much content as other comparable Rogue-likes on steam (Dungeons of Dredmore/FTL/Tales of Majeyal, Sword of the Stars Etc). It'd probably be in the top 10, easily. Sadly it is hindered by a lack of choice and content. Buy later if it gets modded or expanded. For now. Avoid."
76561198014848467,Not Recommended,305640,11078113,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ExitDose,"It looks great and the daily challenge mode is cool, but so far it's feels a little thin on challenge while it's high on difficulty. It's a bit of a grind, but unlike Rogue Legacy, it's not getting its hooks into me."
,Recommended,305640,14847539,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Katie's Hannah,"Recommended:A somewhat slow and difficulty-prone meta progression doesn't stop Shattered Planet from being a pretty fun game. Much akin to something like FTL, there's as much fun to exploring this strange world as there is to the actual completion, and there's plenty of variety to be had in different playthroughs.  Well worth a look for someone looking for a short-run roguelike that's akin to actual rogue games rather than just being a shooter with procgen or the like.Read the full reviewhere"
,Not Recommended,305640,15643926,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,JamesKilowatt,"Too simple and game progression feels empty and meaningless. The first few play sessions will see you upgrade your helmet and weapon once or twice before you die. But soon you'll be dying with the equipment you started your play session with, as new equipment rarely drops and its even rarer that its any better than the stuff that you already have. You'll have the chance to permanently upgrade ""Strength"", ""Wits"", and hitpoints of your character before heading out, but it doesn't feel like it has much immediate impact. Over the long term those upgrades are sure to add up, but there isn't enough compelling content in the game to keep me going until that happens.If you happen to see this on a deep discount it might be worth picking up, otherwise there are much better ""rogue-lites"" on Steam to spend your money on."
76561197966664228,Not Recommended,305640,23250958,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Djtooth,"This game feels like it has less to offer than your standard flash game.There is no depth, no story, and the combat is just ""You hit them, then they hit you.""Your character has one ability that they can use once during a run. (Unless you pay a hefty sum to upgrade)The abilities are not anything interesting. Heal yourself 30 hp. (You start with 100) Deposit an item for the cost of a large sum of money, ect. Just boring and uninspired.The reward you get for completing or dying in a run are shards which are used to buy a temporary item to use on your next run or money which is used to upgrade 1 of your characters three stats. (HP, Strength, or Dodge)This game entire gameplay is about seeing all of the items and enemies once. All this game has to offer are pretty sprites. Nothing more. Not worth the try."
76561198000510038,Recommended,305640,11145727,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Outlaw Panther,"Reasons I love the game:Sci-Fi Setting!Cool Weapons!Daily Challenges!Pets!Random Loot Generator!Sci-Fi Setting! (Again!)I think the art style of this game is fantastic, and if you haven't guessed from the list above, I love sci-fi settings/game worlds. It allows for the artists and devs to create something cool and I always feel more immersed and exploritory when i run around in a futuristic universe. I enjoy the generation of the levels and progression.The main exploration mode involves fighting down randomly generated levels to find loot and kill creatures. The farther down the greater the risk and reward. Upon death, weapons and armor equiped are lost, but scrap (money) and crystals (shiney money) and kept to be spent leveling your stats, buying items at the vending machine and spending crystals to randomly generate loot. You can also unlock various classes which have different skins and abilites/buffs. You then gather your upgrades, equip your weapon, trusty headgear and pet and voyage back into the unknown.Kill more stuff, discover new events (which give crystals upon discovery) and enjoy the randomly generated worlds until death. Rinse, Repeat. (Did I mention you're a clone?)The daily challenges give me more incentive to test my skill, wether for a short time or for longer sessions. Daily challenges give the player a certain set of equipment to start with and the goal is to see how far one can get before death. Shattered Planet is a  highly enjoyable game made by highly responisive and interactive developers.Would highly recommend!"
,Not Recommended,305640,25607377,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,X x X,"Played for almost 30 hours total when I had a shared account with my ex. Gave it a spin almost a year after and wrote this review!  Everything remained almost identical. Was serching really hard to find depth the 1st time,  but its simply not there.Summary: (out of 10)Graphics: 6Sound: 5Story: 3Gameplay: 3 (counts x 2 in total score)TOTAL: 4 / 10Pros:+ visually better then most roguelikes out there+ Daily challange once per day is fun concept+ Blight system is a nice ideaMaybes/ not many rougelikes feature a Sci-Fi theme, this one does/ Cartoonish art is kinda cute if you are into thatCons:- Few characters, they are almost identical- Few weapons, armor- Few different enemies- Mostly melle, guns are rare and their gameplay is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Tactically VERY lite, few opportinities to use brain here and there- Simplified leveling system- 1 armor 1 weapon is all you can wear - way over simplisticConclusion:There are far superior roguelikes, even roguelites.If price was 5$ then maybe, at this price? DEFINETLY A NO GO!"
,Recommended,305640,11793145,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Menin Gate,"What an interesting game!I had no idea what this game was about, and just started playing. Easy to get into and interesting, its a kinda of permadeath dungeon {alien world} crawler that lets you increase your stats and make armour, via crystals, along the way.Easy to get into, hard to let go. It has heaps of replayability.8/10"
,Recommended,305640,18619822,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,EternaTea,"Shattered Planet is a very well made Sci-Fi Rogue-Like.  The story is interesting, and the concept of playing as a series of clones, sent to your sure death in the name of Science and Exploration, is pretty great.  As a warning - this does mean perma-death, for those who don't like the mechanic.  There are a few different ways to play the game (including a daily challenge-type mode) and none of it feels unpolished.   There are loads of unlockables, as well as several environmental and enemy types that have varying interactions.  I had a lot of fun discovering all the crazy, deadly and bizzarely adorable content in this game.This game really is lacking in very few areas.  It does rely more heavily on RNG than any Rogue-Like I've ever played.  The difficulty (for me) eventually ramped up so hard that I couldn't begin to finish the game.  I have a suspicion that playing with one of the unlockable characters might have helped, but the idea of re-raising all of your stats (which carry over from clone to clone) turned me off.  I had spent way too much time just upgrading the one character I had started with.  As much as I enjoyed the game, I couldn't see playing through everything I'd already done all over again, just to get a chance to finish the content I had remaining.Still worth the price, and a fun way to spend some hours.  Give 'er a go.  I also found out that Shattered Planet is available on mobile.  As a turn-based game, with such depth, I actually would have prefered having it for my tablet.  For no particular reason, other than because there are so few games like this on mobile that are worth a damn."
,Not Recommended,305640,28084779,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,The Bastard,"If you can get it cheap enough, it's good for at least 5 hours of play.The level up system is strictly a grind that is only accessible after you die.  It is very underpowered and requires hours of grinding before noticing a difference.Unlike hardcore rogue-likes, you only lose your inventory when you die.  Generating equipment doesn't feel very randomized and you end up with the same garbage over and over again.  You only have 2 equip slots; 1 weapon and 1 helmet.  You can choose a character to play, but they level up independently and have very little and sometimes insignificant differences.  Usually they have 1 passive (which is generally an insignificant stat boost) and 1 ability (useful in most cases, but can only use a limited number of times depending on how often you level it up).The only things you need to get through 30 floors is a shovel and multiple teleport guns (which are easily found).  There is little incentive for killing mobs (very little loot).The overarching ""goal"" of the game is to fill the archive with information such as mobs, items, weapons, helmets, terrain and guns.  As an example of how frustrating this is, I looked at the guns section and found that I had discovered 33% of them after 10 hours of gameplay.  The problem is that I've seen every version of those 33% at least 10 times each.  There may be a ""secret"" to finding other guns, but the game provides little guidence.Mobs do a lot more damage than you recieve healing items.  Some of the larger mobs are pointless to fight because of how much damage they do compared to the little to no loot they provide.  They are better off getting teleported over the edge.  There are weapons and helmets that can grant resist and immunity to various damage types, but good luck gathering them all.Mobs have terrible AI.  If there are a couple hostile mobs after you, as soon as one is on a 1 square wide bridge; the other will halt because it can't find a path to you instead of following the other mob.  Companion mobs wont try to position themselves to help you fight and there is no way of controlling them.Once you get deep enough into the dungeon, there is zero worth to killing enemies.  They either have too much health or defense.  The best strategy at this point is to teleport them over the edge and avoid them.The interface is relatively impressive considering the only controls you need are mouse movement and left click.  This is allowed because of the games simple design and lack of depth.Overall, I can't recommend this game to enthusiast of rogue-likes because this game is too grindy.  I feel that rogue-likes should provide reward relative to your progress whereas this game took away active leveling, diverse skills and intricate equipment."
,Recommended,305640,11145642,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,tsumetai,"I'm pleased to find that Shattered Planet is every bit as enjoyable on the PC as it is on my phone. There's enough new content to keep things interesting for players who are already familiar with the mobile version of the game (though getting beaten up by crablets again is a little... humbling, haha). For new players, the basics of the game are pretty easy to grasp. Just remember that you'resupposedto die, and don't get too frustrated when it happens.The price made me hesitate at first, but then I thought about how much enjoyment I have gotten (for free) from the mobile version, and about wanting to support the developers. And in the end, I honestly think the game is pretty well worth the cost."
76561198110681230,Recommended,305640,11344939,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ElevatorEuphoria,"Shattered Planet has made me lose several hours of day, and still does. No regrets. I love how the challenge keeps me going for more and somehow losing does not feel like punishment. It is exciting to see how far I can explore this time around. There's always something new to discover, something humorous, horrifying and delightful. Those who like time-consuming roguelikes should find Shattered Planet interesting."
76561198074091223,Recommended,305640,11102264,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,moggetin,"This game is alot like Rouge Legacy. Die and play again while you build your stats.No crafting.no fear of death, just start again and die again.no skills.2 things that you must have to get far, shovel and teleport gun.easy no brains game."
,Not Recommended,305640,18915963,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Droopy The Dog,"Mechanically the game's very basic. 1 Weapon, 1 Armour, no skills, and a very rudimentary stat system (choose between damage or hit/dodge rate). A basic damage type system too but it's basically a no-brainer that quickly boils down to don't use the type enemies are immune to if you have the choice.Some entertaining flavour text, but there's too little depth to keep you coming back. All character types unlocked and about 1/2 the pets in the first 2 hours and they're all pretty samey and don't add much extra complexity.The movement system is just a little too clunky and unresponsive to make the mindlessness enjoyable, frequent missteps and missed commands provide enough frustration to take you out of the mood quickly. Unlocking the research entries is mildly satisfying for the completionist, but not really worth the enjoyment/time investment IMO"
,Recommended,305640,11080862,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,davet010,"A definite recommendation for all fans of rogue-alikes.You'll walk,  you'll scavenge, you'll find little bouncy things that attack you (or occasionally, follow you).  You'll make daft looking helmets and wear them.And you'll die (well, your clone avatar will).  Again, and again, and again.  But you're always getting better, always moving forward.And you'll do it all with a big smile on your face.  And keep on doing it.Because you can (hey, they're only clones, right ?)"
76561197992022921,Recommended,305640,11057997,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Leezo,"A fantastic fantasy/sci-fi, rpg, rogue-like. If you are a fan of procedurally generated rogue-likes like Risk of Rain, Binding of Issac or Nuclear Throne then you will probably like this. It is a little bit more methodical and slower paced than these games but still has the thrill of perma-death, randomly generated worlds and crafting loot.If you are still not sure then I recommend trying it on a tablet first if you have one, as I'm almost certain its free on ipad. I feel this kind of game works better on PC though and fully recommend it."
76561198042266743,Recommended,305640,11095772,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ZhugeXinhua,"A very welcoming and graphically polished roguelike with a one-click system which works well for both beginner and veteran roguelike players. I definitely enjoyed most of my ~20 hours of playtime, which was enough to finish story mode and make a 39-floor run through explorer mode. However, there are some caveats. This game has some depth, but not as much as it seems to, and balancing the usefulness of items is a problem.In terms of depth and mechanics - both elemental attack and defense are extraneous; I've found only two monsters in the game that attack with pure elemental damage, and all the rest are primarily physical based. If you want to fight, you'll more often than not ignore elemental rock-paper-scissors entirely (I'm not even sure it exists, as monster entries in the compendium only list resistances, not weaknesses) and settle for bashing your way through.However, fighting becomes unnecessary if you find two other somewhat gamebreaking items in a playthrough. One removes the enforced time limit from each stage if used correctly, and the other means instant death for any monster (but no drops) as long as you're positioned right. Both have timeouts and may take some time to find (and the second one seems bugged and will not affect certain monsters adjacent to the player), which limits their power slightly, but once you have them there's practically no other strategy that's as effective as using them. Unfortunately, this lack of viable alternate strategies makes the game less playable in the long run, and I hope the devs address this."
76561198002505205,Recommended,305640,11211014,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,fume,This is a fun game. 10/10.Don't watch any videos or read any guides. I dont think i would have bought it if i had researched it. It's brilliant somehow.
,Recommended,305640,16931133,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Orrus,"Shattered Planet is a charming rogue-lite in which you play as a disposable clone sent to discover and explore fragmented Alien worlds. The core gameplay loop is simple - Click to move, click to attack, and wander around the map discovering new items, enemies, and events. You will inevitably die, losing all of your equipped gear and items and hope you earned enough resource to upgrade your stats, or unlock a new pet or character class. Then buy a new set of random gear from the vending machine, and head out for another run. Shattered Planet captures the spirit of a classic rogue-like, but it’s extremely simplified mechanics, soft-core difficulty and lack of strategic depth will leave fans of the genre wanting more. I give it a thumbs up, as it held my attention for a good few hours.The Good:The sprites and art style are clean, consistent and fresh looking.Item descriptions and flavor texts are clever and well written.Menu interaction and combat feels responsive, polished, and smooth.Large variety of world tile sets, and item icon art.Progression feels rewarding, with stat increases and unlocks coming at a slow, but steady pace.Pets are a nice addition and a very important ally.Random event tiles are rare, but exciting. They present a choice between two options, where a skill check determines if you found a new item, a new pet, or spawned a monster, etc.DNA menu shows all the monsters, events, items, and tile-sets you’ve discovered through an easy to navigate, slick looking UI.Daily quest with random gear set provided for free.There is a free Android version available, and while it has less features than the Steam version it could serve as a free demo.The Bad:Shattered Planet has a REALLY slow start. For the first few hours expect to fail constantly, get one shot, and not feel like you’re progressing. Farming scrap to get your stats up, and unlocking a pet will get you over the hump.Moving around the map feels slow and clunky due to a slight hitch or animation pause at each tile.Pet AI is insanely, atrociously, bad. The pet is so extremely important to your survival since it acts as a damage sponge, but 90% of the time it stands there, refuses to attack, or moves away from enemies.Only 2 equipment types: Weapons, and Helmets. And only 3 player stats: Strength, Wits, and Fate. Gearing your character just isn’t interesting when there are only 2 slots. Before a run you just slap on a helmet with the highest star rating, and a weapon with a proc and go. There aren’t enough interesting or strategic choices when it comes to gearing your character.Equipment doesn’t feel special since you lose it after every run, and even the best item is only marginally better than an average item.Stats feel inconsequential. You don’t feel any more powerful after increasing your stats, or wearing an item with a stat bonus. The power curve is too subtle.90% of the items you use will come from a vending machine in home base which spawns items for a resource. It’s just not very exciting to push a button in a safe zone and have items pop out. I’d much rather loot these items when out in the field, or have the top tier items ONLY spawn out in the maps.Some mechanics are poorly explained. Like how recycling items is one of the best ways to gain scrap. Or what exactly defense does.Locked rooms require you to find a key to open, but rarely contain anything special.Enemy variety is lacking. Sadly many of the enemy sprites are just minor variations of each other, so a lot of them end up looking and feeling the same.Potion identify mechanic inspired by classic rogue-likes doesn’t fit well in such a “lite” game. There should be some way to permanently identify potions, after say using it 100 times, or paying lots of scrap (resource).Confusing goals and win conditions. NPC buddy says I’m supposed to map out each world which gives the impression that I should fully explore each map. But mission UI says rewards are given based on how deep you reach not how many tile’s you explore.Shattered Planet would be 10x better with a healing skill available to all classes. There are some consumable items you can use to restore health, but they are both extremely weak and rare. The last character class to unlock does have a heal skill, and he feels extremely overpowered compared to the other classes.Stat training costs increase sharply which means it’s far more efficient to level the cheapest stat rather than specialize in one. This discourages specializing in one stat, makes all the classes feel the same, and feels like poor design.Shattered Planet is fun in short bursts, and slightly addicting. The engine and art style are fantastic, so they really could do great things with this game if they continue to support it. But as it stands, the lack of depth and dumbed down mechanics don’t hold my interest for very long. I would say Shattered Planet is worth a buy at around $10, or if they patch in a new content update. If you do give it a go, be sure to stick with it for at least 2-3 hours to get past the slow start."
,Recommended,305640,11111927,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,stevowitz,"This is a great sci-fi Rogue-Like game. It reminds me of Sword of the Stars: The Pit, while retaining it's own unique gameplay. I really like the whole clone idea, just makes sense for a rogue-like. I highly recommend,"
,Recommended,305640,11850564,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Phyraxic,The game I wanted Sword of the Pit to be.
,Recommended,305640,14636571,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,NotStop,"Developers are working on their next game but for the current sub $5 price I have to say this is a pretty fun roguelike. Watch some videos, check out a stream or something WYSIWYG but it's pretty fun for what it is. Plus as an added bonus the french translation is apparently perfect if you're interested in that type of stuff.Gameplay is the traditional roguelike though. Expect to die a lot if you don't like roguelikes this might not be for you. I've had more fun with this than with Dungeons of Dredmor the humor is a lot more subtle and less lolrandum."
,Recommended,305640,19209764,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ney,My casual go-to when I want to game for 5-15 minutes before I have to leave.
76561198079013011,Recommended,305640,11106398,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,PleaseDontRageQuitOnMe,"After playing close to 40 hours with this game, I am torn between recommending it or not, but decided to support the developers and provide feedback that would help the game.In bulleted fashion, here is what I liked about the game:- very polished look-and-feel- decent soundtrack- a sense of growth of your character, via the pernanent upgrades- interesting concept- cool weapons, helmets, and itemsAnd what needs improvement:- The different clones are not really that different. After the first 200 turns, it’s the same clone. Eventually, your clone is going to become so powerful that the initial advantage that a particular clone grants you (regeneration, sneak, etc.) would be meaningless.- Not enough variety. The daily challenge is nice, but after you beat it, you are left with the three “return with all items you found” quests, which are fairly repetitive, especially if your clone is of a high level.- No procedurally-generated weapons or items (a la Diablo, if you will). Not sure if it’s a fair criticism, but it was problematic for me.- On my final exploration, I reached close to 60 levels of depth with a possibly game-breaking combination of items (another reviewer pointed that out, too) and the fun was gone. I was just grinding for gold and each monster was so powerful that it could one-shot kill me... which happened eventually. Past a certain clone level, you will find yourself grinding for gold as well (or items, if you do the side quests).For now, I will lay off playing the game, but I sincerely hope the developers improve it and you guys support them by buying it or providing helpful feedback."
,Recommended,305640,11137809,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Fiannawolf,I am Queen of The Crab People!10/10 would clone again!
,Recommended,305640,11435494,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,DrNo~i ache,"Holy frickin moly is this a winner! I'm a giant fan of this rougelike genre..I'm awful mind you. But none the less I adore this title. It's very silly and has great sense of humour. Super easy to get into and a ton of fun once you get the hang of the cycle.You will explore, you must. You will science, how could you not? You will upgrade your clone and die OH SO MANY TIMES.big BIG fan. Go get it!"
76561198116379581,Recommended,305640,12738246,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,mxi,"Shattered Planet offers a simplistic and very friendly user interface, solid if simple mechanics, lots of variety, and light humor. It's quite a good game all in all, but it tends to fall flat in places where it has so much potential.The story is basically nonexistent, and those hungering for some sort of story to latch onto will find themselves clinging to the pathetic shreds of the missions.The simplicity ends up working against it. At a certain point, one might feel that they are simply blazing past the first few levels then suddenly hitting a wall where the difficulty is ramped up so much they are one shotted. But til that point, strategy is minimal anyways.I recommend this game, however, because it still offers quite a fun time. It is amusing to learn, fun to watch, and easy to pick up, do a quick run, and drop when something else comes up. The dev team, too, is great, lightheated and very responsive. They are truthful as well, and basically everything a gamer could want from the developers.The game is definitely worth getting, if not just for the gameplay, then to support the devs. I am also hoping they will add more content in the future, as this game and mechanics seem to have a lot of potential, and I heartily recommend it to anyone who enjoys a simple, Rogue-lite type game to bring out every once in a while."
76561197992401352,Recommended,305640,27735378,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JCC,Good game. Full of humor on many different levels.Be ready to die...a lot.Not a deep or complex game. Great if you hace a just a few minutes to spend on something mindless.
,Recommended,305640,15582502,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Bionic,"Shattered Planet is a turn based rougelike based on exploration. Much in the way that rogue legacy has, each life you are collecting resources that you can use to improve your characters (I feel this game improves on this by allowing you to keep resources between lives). I really enjoy how the game is exploration driven, you get points and progress through the game by discovering new items, enemies, and environments. Another fun element you explore are ""events"" where you are given a choice and that affects your game play. For example, in one event you encounter a strong enemy who is injured and you're given the choice to kill it or heal it. If you heal it, then it becomes a companion animal and attacks your enemies.The game has a great sci fi flavor, the art is great (and not pixel art which is nice), and most of all it's really fun to play. Roguelikes are all ready about adventure (mostly loot based) but this is the first game I've seen that actually makes the adventure the primary drive for the game. Definately worth checking out."
76561198067692156,Recommended,305640,15653915,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,yac,"So I got this game for about 2.6 € as I already owned other good rouge-likes from the sale :)I find the game too simple for longer runs but extremely good in twitch bursts. Because it's turn based and small, you can leave it running and play in between other things, be it chatting, downloading or waiting for the rest of your party to kick some buttz in your favorite MOBA :)I do like the graphics and also the hilarious item descriptions. It's indeed an exploration game, you even level up by discovering new stuff, which is absolutely great concept as opposed to increasing experience variable by repeatedly slaying same stuff.As you'd expect from an exploration game, the fun comes from discovering new stuff. There's quite a lot of fun stuff to discover, but you always start from distance 1, so you discover new stuff with bigger and bigger lag... But I haven't seen it all.It's simple and good. Grab it in sale if you can. Or not, I'm not your mum."
,Recommended,305640,15854133,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,AltairVonH,"Found it very interesting the first time I saw it and well, it sure met my expectations. For its price tag it really is worth for the time that you will be playing it and most importantly having fun while doing it. While its story ins't the most appealing the gameplay aspect definitely compensates for any lack of background, and in top of that the soundtrack is really good for this genre. If you are into this sort of game I would recommend you try it out.--8/10"
76561198060321596,Recommended,305640,11692418,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,morrellekristofer,"A fun game, monsters get a little repetitive, the vast array of items makes it interesting."
76561197993428347,Recommended,305640,11603462,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Anonymister,I was expecting a little bit more out of the PC port for this. Its quite fun but wait till its on sale before you buy. Right now its not quite worth the price.
,Not Recommended,305640,14828019,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Moncho,The game is quite plain and gets boring very fast.
,Not Recommended,305640,25052146,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ishvii,"Although quite pretty, the actual gameplay is very simple and grindy. It belongs on an iPad, not a PC."
76561198127402143,Recommended,305640,17390709,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Chasey,"First off, I need to say that this is my favorite game I've found on Steam, so I'm a bit biased.Jumping right into what you want to know:Gameplay/Story: Simple; easy to learn very fast. Choose a clone, each with their own skillset and buffs, and traverse the ever-changing shattered pieces of an ancient planet crawling with monsters and tribals, littered with loot and new weapons to help you on your way as you progress onto harder and harder levels that are different every time. See how far you can get before the flora, fauna, or your own mistakes spell your end. You will die. A lot. But don't worry; your clone can pick up where you left off to start the adventure all over again with all the information and levels that your last one was able to earn before his untimely, and probably sudden, demise. But you're not always alone in this, you might sometimes also find it in your favor to either purchase or tame a companion or pet to help fight with you on your next trip to the surface. If you'd rather have a goal to reach instead of pushing the limits of your clone endlessly, there are 3 other difficult missions for you to complete with cool rewards for each, but you'll fare better practicing in endless first! Grab some scrap and crystals (money) in there to buy yourself some fancy murder-tools before pushing your luck in the missions. Travel a lot and you'll find it lying all over the place!Graphics: Clean isometric environments come together with soft, painterly-esque textures and crisp characters to make for an interesting but pleasing-to-the-eye adventure. Animations are smooth, but your clone's walk cycle usually seems a bit short or abrupt, but it's nothing too jarring. Waddle on, fresh meat.Sound: Adjust sound and music to your preferences or turn them off completely. Tranquil and sometimes ominous music follows you on your travels, each pretty decently set to match your current environment which changes every few levels you progress through to mix it up and give you different enemies and events to find. Every time you stumble into a fight, though, you'll get a more rambunctious action clip to keep you on your toes, though this one only has a few variations based on the enemies you're fighting. I like the music in this game a lot and it's not too invasive or annoying. The fight music does sometimes make a jarring jump in volume compared to the other tracks, however.Controls: The controls were obviously made for mobile platforms but everything is, thankfully, operated with the mouse. There are no key binding options, which is a shame as right now you need to click every tile you want to travel to and you can only see so many ahead of you. This game would greatly benefit even from simple arrow-keys or WASD walking controls, but the clicking-to-walk isn't really a deal-breaker; it's just a little annoying until you get used to it. The camera keeps your clone the center of focus, though, and sometimes I find my eyes feeling a little dizzy the way the environment moves but I stay riveted in the center of the screen, which probably isn't a problem for most people. Think Pokemon Mystery Dungeon.Notable/Other:It pains me to say that right now, several in-game items and events are bugged in such a way that you cannot find them through legal means. Since one achievement in particular banks on you being able to come across everything at least once to add it to and level up your data-log, that little bug makes this one achievement impossible to earn, along with one or two bugged events. They just seem to not be coded into the game to unlock the achievement once found. There is more information on this in the steam forums, but it seems that until the developers (a small team of 4) finish with their other, newest game-making endeavor, these achievements will remain broken. Achievement-hunters be advised.- The devs removed the achievement that required finding all the items, some of which were broken and undiscoverable, instead of fixing the broken items, but that works, too, I guess.Overall: The game is fun, addicting, and easy to play; other than a few tiny annoyances, I feel Shattered Planet is well worth your time and attention, and even a few broken achievements don't make it unplayable. Believe it or not, some players enjoy a game with or without achievements. Personally, I love achievements, so it's a disappointment that a handful of them are broken, but truly, that's not going to keep me from playing this and having fun. I recommend nabbing it on sale."
,Recommended,305640,11492460,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Madcat,"I enjoy playing this game as a time killer!  I started playing on my phone and decided that it was fun, so I got it on Steam.  I enjoy the gameplay and hope more content comes out for it!"
76561198018620561,Recommended,305640,11080287,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Kune-Tear,"Let me preface by saying I don't play rogue-likes often. I've only ever played one or two. That being said, Shattered Planet is great. It's really a lot of fun. I was skeptical at first, so I read the reviews, and there were no negative reviews. Then I started the game and I forgot what time it was. Three hours later I realize I just played it for three hours, not even realizing it. You feel captivated the entire time."
76561197975150655,Recommended,305640,11059752,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Wildsleven,"For a roguelike game, this game is quite simple and easy to get into. I recommend this game for anyone who are new to this genre or simply want to play a great game."
,Recommended,305640,11291974,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,MIDIManNI,"What a truly great game...great graphics, nice idea...a great roguelike with lasting appeal!"
76561197994125600,Not Recommended,305640,14970312,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Skev,"The complete opposite of a Rogue-like.  Instead of your decisions mattering, where the right choice could mean the difference between success and failure, nothing matters except how fast you rush through.   Dying = a chance to spend your money on permanent upgrades = easier next run that earns more money = more progress."
76561197972954321,Recommended,305640,12198180,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,TimidTiger,"Pros - easy to play, addictive and funCons - lacking in depth a bitOverall - worth buying"
,Not Recommended,305640,11210801,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Obstinate,"Not much strategy to this game. As far as I can tell, it's a huge grind with minimal tactical or strategic complexity.Enemies are all equally fast as you and all do the same thing: charge and attack. I have yet to meet one with any special ability besides the monster spawners. Most of them are just critters with claws. The first boss can be beaten with a gimmick that would be almost impossible to figure out, but makes him a complete pushover once you know it.Your weapons mostly just do raw damage, with various elemental effects and resistances, but ultimately they boil down to ""click until dead."" There is very little tactical variety in the weapons, with the one exception being the fire weapon (you have to run away from the burning ground afterward). There are also poisoned weapons, but they do so little damage that it's hard to say why the effect was included at all. Armor is even simpler -- almost all of them are just some numbers + a resistance type.What use items there are break down into healing items (boring), guns (boring), and potions. Potions randomize, like in Nethack, but there are so few of them and the missions are so short that you are unlikely to find out what they do in time to make good use of them.The levels are randomly generated, but identical with the exception of monster distribution and textures. Very samey.The toons are the same except appearance and a temporary buff that lasts for the first 200 moves. The Emmisary is the sole exception, in that he has a permanent boost to his stats, and is therefore mathematically better than the rest except in the very early game.I can see where they were going with this, but there simply isn't enough depth or variety to hold my attention. The game has more in common with Diablo than it does with Nethack or the vast majority of the rogue-like tradition. I do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,305640,11617082,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,RollingCow,It's not worth $15 but it's fun to mess around in - grab this if it's on sale
76561198005271335,Recommended,305640,22529709,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Pale Dolphin,"TL;DR:Surprisingly good rogue-like with almost unique mechanics.As far as rogue-like goes, this is the most random one I ever saw, I think. And definitely one of the most enjoyable.So, you have 5 classes to choose from (2 are available from the start, 3 are unlockable), three stats to raise (strength, hitpoints, evasion), and two slots (headgear and weapon). Now, it certainly does not look like a lot to play with, but trust me on this -- it quite is.I don't know if there is a certain goal to the game -- I didn't get that far, to be honest. Your main gameplay is exploring some planet, moving from square to square, and jumping from region to region (closest thing to floors in any given rogue-like here).Levels are generated procedurally, of course (this means you get to play a randomly created level each time you start over). There are also random events, like encountering some crab's nest, or finding some stash, etc. There's even something like a roll, when it happens -- if you fail to roll a certain number, you'll fail the encounter, and some negative thing would happen (like, instead of coming with you, crab will attack you) -- just like in some tabletop RPGs.Character customization seems a bit weak at first -- I mean, what the hell, why only two slots?! I want boots, gauntlets, a necklace, and a pantyhose or something! Or greaves. Yes, greaves. Of course, I meant greaves... But after some time playing, you'll notice that these two slots is basically all you'll ever need -- items are dropping a-plenty, plus you can forge a random item at base, choosing from 3 qualities (low-tier, mid-tier, or hi-tier) with prices varying as well.Another significant part of the gameplay is unlocking new content for your journal. Every item, every location, every encounter and every defeated enemy give you a new entry in your journal on your first encounter, and you get addicted to unlocking new entries quite fast (especially if you have OCD, like myself). Also, you raise a special metric by unlocking a certain number of entries -- consider it your explorer's level, with each new level unlocking something new.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Do I need to buy this game?If you're a fan of rogue-likes, don't hesitate to buy it for full price. If you're not, wait for a sale and buy it with a discount."
,Recommended,305640,15551665,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,thorvindr,"If you're tired of ""roguelikes"" like Rogue Legacy and Pac-Man (who the hell tagged Pac-Man as roguelike?) and want a game that is actually LIKE ROGUE, this is it.Shattered Planet plays a lot like Rogue, but with a point-and-click interface, as opposed to using arrow keys. Honestly, this is the first modern game I've played that I would even BEGIN to compare to Rogue. If you haven't played Rogue, stop reading because the rest of this review won't mean anything to you.Start with Rogue. Between games, add a sort of home base where you respawn after every death and buy equimpent for your next run. Here you have a storage locker to keep things you buy at the store (you can't keep things you find during a game, except for money and money (there are two kinds of money)), a place to cohose your class and pet for the next game and a place to buy permanent stat upgrades for your current class.Now put in a few different quests. Of course there's the main ""quest:"" run until you die. There are also a few other game modes that I haven't really gotten into yet because the novelty hasn't worn off the basic game yet. In addition, there's a daily quest that you can only run once that picks your starting equipment for you and challenges you to make it through ten levels before dying for a nice reward.Add some fun graphics and average sound effects and you've basically got Shattered Planet.Seriously. If you ever loved Rogue, you NEED Shattered Planet. And there's a mobile app as well. It's free, but significantly watered-down.Shattered Planet gets an A+ from me. If for no other reason than the simple fact that someone has FINALLY made a modern ""roguelike"" that actually feels LIKE ROGUE."
76561198048931289,Not Recommended,305640,17224571,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,codeclad,"Not a bad game as such, but it feels a bit shallow compared to the price (11 euros). Maybe I haven't got far enough in the game, but I think it lacks options/content in several areas which could easily have been implemented."
,Not Recommended,305640,16000899,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,craig.bottomley,"I'm not saying this is good or bad. I simply don't get it. I've yet to finish a level. I lose all my kit every time I die. There is no real point to playing it, as far as I can see. The levels being different every time is good and would normally keep me interested. I am clearly missing something due to all the other positive reviews. There is nothing to keep me interested and no end goal to aim for. It seems to be play, die, lose everything, play, die, lose everything with a really slow upgrade mechanism. I've barely got an hours gameplay and I doubt it will get any higher."
76561198040870901,Not Recommended,305640,14774457,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Sladespool,"There is nothing overly bad about this game, except that it is boring.  Between expeditions, the game gives you the option to spend discovered resources from previous expeditions to buy random items, rent-a-pet and improve your character. However, the process of expending these resources has little strategy or intrigue. Some people may like gambling via purchasing random items, but it simply leads to a cache of stored items for your character to choose from and turns from gambling to hoarding. Likewise, the linear progression of character advancement is dull, but a necessity in order to explore the planets: the grind certainly feels like a grind. The game has some humorous aspects to it in the form of your boss’ dialogue and the zany items. Also, the colour pallet for the planets’ are visually appealing, but the repetitive narrow paths connecting each location lends itself to a successfully repetitive strategy for dealing with the monsters and advancing throughout the planet. After quickly finishing the first of three planets in “story mode,” getting bored with the daily’s, and finding the second story planet equally as dull I decided to uninstall the game. If you enjoy grinding character advancement, bad humour, and rogue like explorations then Shattered Planet is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,305640,18370964,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Rocket Life,"This has the makings of a great game.I have seen 40% of the things in this game [according to the game's tracker]and put in just under three hours before the game lost it's appeal.Now I'm grinding really hard to progress at all,and playing the main portion of the game feels pointless;so I ended up running the first mission repeatedly,until I felt comfortable doing the second one and etc.It seems like it might be fun to just try the daily quest,maybe do a quick run or two once or twice a day.HOWEVER, when you know that just grinding wouldallow you to ""progress"" faster, it all seems pointless.TLDR: Pretty good premise, not executed so well."
,Not Recommended,305640,24577391,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Alexander,it looks nice but turns out to be a repetitive and boring game without any elements drawing you to play moreanother one sitting in my lib
76561197973269730,Not Recommended,305640,15851078,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Nightfire,A beautiful but ultimately hollow experience.
,Recommended,305640,14756384,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,AjiMundi,"Starting out feeling I'm gonna be bored with this game, but as it turned out, this is a very fun game to play. You just keep wanting to try another run each time you die. Definitely worth the money I spent on it.Pros:- Simple rogue like game with a nices cience fiction back story.- Easy to pickup. Not too hard to put off casual players, but tough enough to keep it interesting.- Loads of interesting items to find. Love the nods to great sci-fi franchise like Star Trek and Star Wars.- Random events (finding books, nests, etc) that gives you reward if you pass the stat check.Cons:- Doesn't save bottles description. How many times do I have to rediscover the purpose of that golden liquid anyway?Will update as I progress further into the game."
76561198031725579,Recommended,305640,33377077,Posted: 8 July,all,LG,"It's a nice time-waster of a game, but I'd say definitely get it on sale.I like that I can jump in, play a round or two, and quit. It's easy to play, even though it annoys me a bit that there are no real defensive moves: you can attack, run away, or try one of your items, and that's it. The game is low-stress because dying doesn't really mean anything. Which is good, because you'll die a lot. The fun comes from collecting and trying out new items, finding new pets (which is mostly a matter of chance), and leveling your clone up. I both like and hate that the effects of all potions are unknown whenever you send your clone out. You have to try them to see what they do and hope for the best. The pets are probably one of my favorite features of the game. I wish it were easier to find and collect them - half of the ones I currently have are unlockable ""gifts"" from the game.So far, I've mostly played Exploration mode. I've played one of the ""winnable"" levels a few times, and actually made it to the end once, mostly due to luck (I hit the much-more-powerful-than-me creature with a teleporter item and they just happened to teleport off a cliff). I prefer Exploration mode and its complete lack of goals, but it's nice to occasionally play an area where it's possible to survive and make it back to the ship."
76561197983970175,Not Recommended,305640,15003390,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,SatanPlayingGames,"I bought this game when I got in a serious rouge-like mood.  It advertises all the great things you may want in a rouge-like, but it boils down to just clicking through a dungeon, clicking on some monsters, dying, and doing it again.  There is absolutely no depth to anything you are doing.  I later found this game in the store...on my phone...boy do I feel stupid for buying this game.  Do not waste your money, this game does not deliver anything that you can't get from a better, cheaper, game."
76561197991567851,Not Recommended,305640,15612714,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Fixxed,"As a gamedesigner, i think this game succeeds immensely on art and small features, but fails on the core aspect of the game.It is confusing and difficult due to a design mishap imo. Hear me out cause its tough as ♥♥♥♥ to describe.You start. Gear up and move in a tactical point and click way. So the map is square divided, like xcom, fireemblem etc right? but.. its not turn based, so basicly its real time point and click with the fluidity of a tactical/board type of game lol.Confusing? well, to make things worst, when an enemy spots you, he moves square by square as if in a strategy game lol, but to attack him you have to spam the mouse, because the more you click the faster you atk?!? Plus the tile real time point and click movement, is frustrating as times, since you end up walking around what you want to interact...a confusion of genres that makes no sense...Not only that, but the art is just perfect for an rpg, a tactical rpg, which in a way i was led to believe. But no, this game can be described as half strategy, half rpg, half roguelike and bigger half confusion and lack of direction....as a ""upgrade on death"" type of game, this game fails for me. Because simply put, you gear up for a playthrough but when you die, you lose your gear. Ok. But you playthrough to make new gear... Wut? where is the upgrade? i see 1 cycle of never ending difficulty, confusion and♥♥♥♥♥♥ There is a stat upgrader, which just adds to the mess and pile of ""dont understand doesnt feel right""...Sry but it feels that they were heading at a great classical rpg/strat game (fireemblem style) with modern art touch and made a turn into action ""bastion"" style game.... The product is a waste with great graphics."
76561198070404991,Recommended,305640,29012311,Posted: 4 January,all,Craaz88,This game is super easy and stupid addicting. It's a love/hate relationship. Great for making time pass by.
,Not Recommended,305640,18670786,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,AdolfShitler,Not a bad game. There was so much more potential here. Its pretty boring and what works for mobile can not do the same for PC
,Recommended,305640,22808361,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,UlrikkeF,"It's a nice casual game. If you want to spend a couple of hours doing something interesting, pick up the game on sale!"
,Not Recommended,305640,19142537,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Android,"This game is just about grinding.you going into a new area get money and die.you make your character a bit better with the money you got and you go back into another randomly made area and get a little further.thats the game.""Explore a dangerous planet that's different every time and try to survive!""no you dont try to survive because everything is just random so theres absolutely not skill involved and to make your character better you have to die first.I paid $2.99 for this and im getting a refund for it because im never going to play it again.I really would hate to of spent $15"
,Recommended,305640,22542085,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,FyreNyxie,"Here's a link to my review video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MG-u2eaCoWwHello Ladies and Gents! FyreNyxie Here!Shattered Planet gets a 2.5/5. I liked how it looks and the idea behind it, but it got very repetitive very quickly. This is one of those games where I wish there was a ""so-so"" button. It would be best to grab it on sale if you want it.-Graphics: The game looks really nice and I like how the tiles dip under your weight.-Sound: The ambience is nice, but it's noticeable when the music loops back and starts over.-Story: You're a clone sent down to the ever-changing planet to gather specimens and samples and explore as much of the planet as you can.-Single-player/Multiplayer: Single-player.-Controls: Simple. Click to move, click to attack, click to investigate objects.-Setting: I enjoy the randomized planet and the blight that starts spreading when you show up forces you to move along, but doesn't panic you.-Characters: Five different character types to choose from once you unlock them all.-Gameplay: You won't need to employ serious strategical tactics since this game is fairly simple and casual. Every once in a while you come across an object that gives you a little event, but overall it's pretty basic.-Customization: Each character has five different heads to choose from.-Dialogue/Well Written: Not a lot of dialogue. Mostly just the alien making little quips or giving you tips on the ship.-Tutorial: Not much of a tutorial, but the game is also not very complex.-Other: It would be nice if you could command your pet to attack an enemy instead of moving around in the hopes that it will get the message and fight for you.-Worth the price tag: I waited until it went on sale before I got it and I recommend you do too.Have Fun Gamers!"
,Recommended,305640,28825205,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,wyulf,"a roguelike-lite game. simple controls, minimal customizations, although plenty of items to discover and use. obviously this game was designed with mobile in mind.still, there's plenty to like, from the simple, but yet nice graphics, the quirky creatures, and funky items scattered through the game.probably not so much for the hardcore roguelike game fans out there, but would better suit people who wants a more casual experience, to slowly explore and discover the world."
,Recommended,305640,16872962,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Zeemond,"I really liked Shattered Planet, im a general roguelike fan, but prefer when there is a behind the scene progression in them. Scattered planet gives you lots of choices in how to go about with the game, from minions to equipment, along with 'classes'. The game also offer daily quests and such to keep thing interesting and rewarding for newcomer. It has a few problems but these are not from the core gameplay elements, they mostly stems from our expectation ans what we usualy see in these kind of roguelike. The game main 'stand out' element is that it function with square grids rather than flat terrain which makes some movement and action more.. dangerous and rewarding.-Lost"
76561198001448841,Not Recommended,305640,28487146,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,PDT,"This game is a good experience at first, some nice references and a lot to discover. But things get boring really fast when you understand how the game works, and that's not hard to do.I would rate the game a 5/10, just for the art, music and the experience I had on the first few hours. But I still not recommencing because of the lack of replayability and shallow mechanics."
,Recommended,305640,19762810,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,yssuP gnipmaC,Good Time-destroyer.
,Not Recommended,305640,15815878,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Fancore,"decent game with lack of pc functions.no rebindable keys.clearly ported from mobile to pc without any effort put into it.only controls you have is the left mouse button.since you now buy the game you can clearly see the pay to play aspect of the game.crystals u can get through the game probably increased since port.would not reccommand full price. buy it on garbage sale or something.(edit)the game has almost nothing to offer. after playing 1 or 2 hours you have pretty much seen everything the game has to offer. not to mention how repetative the game is. about 5? different area's? sure random layout woohoo. you don't actually look at the envirement. but to sum it up.baren (crabbets) grassland (plants) graveyard (humanoid) factory (machines) frozen(ice mobs)thats pretty much it. the selection of enemies is short as well. within about 5hours i encountered all enemies in the game.achievements are alright though. most of them are normal. discover this, reach this milestone. and other things.unfortunately there also the ""grind"" achievements, kill x amount of specific creatures. unfortunately such a high amount that its not worth doing."
76561198000903121,Recommended,305640,18084435,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Tasl,Can I give it a meh? I don't want to give it a yes or a no.  Just a meh.  A standing ohmehshion.  Maybe I should dig into the details.At its sale price it is worth it.  No regrets at $3.00.  I've played a fair amount of roguelikes and this one really just didn't grab me and pull me in.  The graphics are what they look like in the pictures.  Not amazing but not terrible.  The pacing is just slow for a rogue like.  If you try to rush you'll kill yourself in record time.  If you slow down and not mad dash into trouble it's slow paced and meh.Overall on sale I give this a yes.  Not on sale I give it a no.
,Recommended,305640,14717279,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Hiræther Harbinger de Behçet,"Wicked Sci-fi Rogue that rewards the player for distance & death, ""Shattered Planet"" offers tons of variety through randomly generated dungeons.  The graphics are pleasent, actually adding to the atmosphere of a game that would be almost just as enjoyable in ASCii.  The music is quite good ambient, switching to the battle theme when proper.Crafting, alternate advancement, tons of gear, unlockable alien races, & grat fun exploring thus far.In theory, anyone could beat the game eventually if they jut keep throwing themselves at it like a JRPG;  (^_^; )However, the game keeps adapting...  Fiendish & fun, this rogue guides one gently by the hand and then kills them relentlessly.  Good for beginers, yet enough insane items and powers to make it fun for the advanced dungeon h4x0r."
76561198145755972,Recommended,305640,24525168,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Loafie493,"I'll start off by saying that I think the price for this game is too steep. It's a good game in short bursts or for when you have some time to kill, but once you spend some time with it you will realize that it is a grind fest with gameplay that becomes extremely repetitive despite the procedurally generated levels. This game is good for a casual gaming experience but lacks depth for anything else."
,Recommended,305640,14698347,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Macheath,"A simple, fun roguelike with excellent art and a sense of humor."
,Recommended,305640,34068165,Posted: 6 August,all,rufusdufus,"Love this, exploring, discovering new plants and items, random item creation, upgrading and enhancing characters, everything I love from this sort of game and done quite well. I was a bit miffed when I first discovered there is a free version in the app store but when I realised that the Steam version has additional content and the app store version has micro transactions I was satisfied."
,Recommended,305640,25474667,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Snerk,"its alright. you explore an isometric set of maps, see how far you get, then die and do it again. it has roguelike and rpg elements, a simple interface, turnbased movement and combat, and a charming scifi aesthetic. rounds do not last long, so gameplay consists of snack-sized portions that leave you eager for more."
,Recommended,305640,25742269,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,burlapjack,"For those of you who want the Roguelike experience without all the hassle of having to keep track of complicated stats and dice rolls,  this game is for you.  This is one of my favorites.P.S. - the free tablet version of this game is amazing, definitely worth picking up if you don't mind ads."
,Recommended,305640,25101483,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,romkey,"I love this game. It's a simple, fun roguelike. It's not a game you can play for hours on end, but great to pull out every now and again to try and beat your last score. You can upgrade your clone after every mission, plus bring a limited number of items with you on each quest."
76561198059677004,Recommended,305640,15728049,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,zagann,Great game. Simple. Lot of fun. Addictive. Recommended.
76561198080833647,Recommended,305640,30088358,Posted: 21 February,all,Durgine,"Worth the time I put into it, not going to play it again though"
76561198008600821,Recommended,305640,13400061,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,KrazyJake,"Simple to play and addictivly fun, what more could you ask for.  One of the best Rouge-like games out there."
,Recommended,305640,14166985,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,thebsdude,Fun little rouge-lite with a good sense of humor. The daily challenge is a great touch.
,Recommended,305640,11068661,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ron liason,This is a wonderful game where you take acid to take you somewhere far away.. to the far reaches of the galaxy!
,Recommended,305640,11058134,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,pureluck13,Great game. Addictive rogue-like dungeon crawler. :)
76561198042890140,Recommended,305640,11939717,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,SFF,"Pros:-There is a wide, WIDE range of items to collect, each one having their own strengths and weaknesses.-Multiple play modes, including the main ""exploration"" mode, three ""story"" modes, and a Daily Dungeon.-A good amount of humor, particularly in the post death-quips.-Its a Roguelike, so there are MANY ways to die horribly, and have fun doing it.-Sucessfully capture the important Roguelike feeling of triumph when you clear a depth you've been stuck at for ages.Cons:-Actual content in terms of enemies, zones and events are somewhat lacking.-This is more of a personal thing, but in my opinion the Blight (essentially a timer to complete the zone) spreads WAY too fast. I know that many Roguelikes have similar systems to ensure the player doesn't waste too much time exploring, but the Blight's speed can make it extremely hard to backtrack if you wind up at a dead end well into the zone.-Crystals become harder and harder to find as you continue to discover new log entries, and since Crystals are your main method of acquiring gear, it can be a hassle.Overal score: 9/10"
,Recommended,305640,18833463,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,Really weird roguelike.I mean roguelike too. If you don't know what Rogue is then ♥♥♥♥ off.
76561198021656095,Recommended,305640,16965426,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Bohandas,This sci-fi rogue-lite is a fun way to kill some time.
76561197993780180,Recommended,305640,14755720,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,rpgarcher,"it's a little simple, but it's a good roguelike.  interestingly the focus is on exploration, and combat earns you very little.  It doesn't have the depth of some other games like angband, but still very fun all the same"
,Recommended,305640,29042562,Posted: 5 January,all,<(ASR)>Dauthi,Just like on mobile quirky rouge like
,Not Recommended,305640,19238464,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Peldrigal,"It's not a bad game, it's probably quite good in its genre, but it's extremely repetive, very slow paced. I would not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,305640,31628535,Posted: 8 May,all,calvin,"Decent loot reward mechanic. Real basic gameplay. Not much replay value. I got it on sale, definitely not worth the full price $15."
,Recommended,305640,14660508,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ulterior Motive,Very fun Rogue like.
,Recommended,305640,14627986,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Flatline,This is *the* rogue-something I looked for. Addicting as hell :)
76561198073170419,Recommended,305640,33204680,Posted: 3 July,all,Mr. Wiskers Destroyer Of Worlds,"Its a good game, but not very long in terms of playablility."
,Not Recommended,305640,11106742,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Darkstar81,"This game really is a big let down for me.  You get to choose only a weapon and a hat and they are pretty bland across the board. Nothing feels special from item to item.  Attacking is simply left+clicking with no special skills. You might get lucky and get a companion early on but it also falls short of making the game more interesting.  I wasted $14 on this as an impulse buy.  I enjoy rogue-likes very much but this is just bland and not very complex. You will die, a lot.. and its not enjoyable and you start wondering why spend another minute clicking aimlessly.  I feel the art is good except for the sprites. The character/mob sprites feel cheap to me.  Its a shame to see such clashing things across the beautiful looking map/terrain.  This is just a dumbed down rogue-like with no goal other than trying to make it as far as you can. No special abilities. No special awe-inspiring items.  Just click click click until you're dead."
76561198090469443,Recommended,305640,23620976,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Daitenshi,Very amusing game and entertaining!
76561198042219693,Not Recommended,305640,35082817,Posted: 20 September,all,L.orD,Shattered Planet - 5/10 . . :/
,Not Recommended,305640,34206272,Posted: 12 August,all,kome360,"Unfairly hard. 0ther than that, it's actually kind of fun, but definitely not worth $15.00"
76561198001897796,Not Recommended,305640,11789546,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,CheliosBiden-san,"This is no Dredmore or Don't Starve.  This is not a quality rogue-like.  Because I have re-reviewed this game my time played has been reset.  Closer to 18-20 hours.  This game is a dumpster fire.  There is very little to do.  You just wander though a bland tile-based world until you die.  Then -- you do it again.  And again.  And again.  Then you have a few dollars to upgrade your stats.   Then you head out to the same place, again, and get 2 stages farther.  Then you die.  And do it again.  And again.  Repeat until your face melts.  This game isn't worth 5 dollars.  15 is a violation of the rules of gameplay."
76561198041229794,Not Recommended,305640,11476511,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Bullfrog,"Can't believe I paid for this game.  It's should be a free phone app, not a purchasable PC game."
,Not Recommended,305640,13716786,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SoaringChef,"Not recommended at all. I bought this game at 50% off, still think it's a rip off. Should be priced around 2 dollars at most. I've played this game in and out, maxed out all the stats and completed 90+% of the achievements (there are crazy achievements like killing 10000 monsters that I decided to ignore). This game is fun at first, but it gets repetitive soon enough. The thing that bothers me the most are the enormous amount of bugs. Reporting the bugs don't help, since the forum is flooded with advertising and apparently they have given up on updating this game."
,Not Recommended,305640,14647297,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Aduh,"I get into the world where everything is darkness and void. Nothing, can't do anything, can't see anything, just black.Dev gotta fix this ""black thing"" that made me stuck can't do anything.No stories, no quest, only searching for journal entry and teleport ? really?"
,Recommended,305640,31952469,Posted: 25 May,all,MonKayLi,A bit buggy but still a whole lot of fun and addicting. I lost many a hour playing this game and I don't regret it one bit!
76561198029286994,Not Recommended,305640,12216284,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,TooMuChC4 [DK],Ragecrit and wtf moments all the time.NOT worth it
76561198026674250,Not Recommended,305640,11440736,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Golob,meh...
76561198043893999,Not Recommended,305640,11232716,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,DALEK! DALEK!,My copy of the game is perpetually stuck on a completely black screen prior to the main menu. I have uninstalled the game and reinstalled it. I have uninstalled steam and reinstalled it. None of these actions seem to of fixed the issue. I am severely disappointed that I paid fifteen dollars and now the game will no longer work. Please remedy this situation.
,Recommended,305640,12334874,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,SCLeo,A very very nice game.
,Not Recommended,305640,12300604,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,TheGreatGooglyMoogly,"The graphics aren't bad. The UI is good even though it was designed for a touchscreen.The gameplay is simple, boring and fails because of awful RNG.  No perma-death and 3 minute 'puzzles' so the game is really not rogue-like and in my opinion should be coonsidered a puzzle game and definitely not an RPG."
76561197995491919,Not Recommended,305640,22715379,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,endril,It overstayed its welcome in about a half hour.
,Not Recommended,305640,31814637,Posted: 17 May,all,Tenebras,"I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not ive played trough this game in 1 hour...This game is so basic i can program it myself in even less then an hour!Don't get me wrong, this game is cute and i like the style of it... But it is a smartphone game!It would be fun on a flight to play on a plane for 1-2 hours or so, but you would never touch it again afterwards!This game has almost no game mechanics and almost no content!Things may look different but are the same and behave the same, its walk/atk collect... Not that thats bad!It is just very little, still if this was a smartphone game for like 5-10$ i would have like it, but not like this!"
76561198064879731,Not Recommended,305640,11146347,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,NickZ0421,boring
76561198006670709,Recommended,305640,21428776,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Gyhthy,"The game is a lot of fun, and the development team is definitely one in which I am quite happy with. The game itself is a turn based, map exploration game with an RPG level system, but the main point which will draw your time and interest is the number of captivating item names, descriptions and art. This game isn't afraid to run headlong into satire, making use of pop culture such as Friday the 13th, Star Wars, Valentine's Day/Cupid, among other points.One point of note, is that the developers are still willing to make changes to the game and fix bugs as they appear, even years after the game is released. Most notably, an achievement that was unobtainable was fixed; most triple A titles wont give that kind of support this long into a game's release, and yet, this company took the time to do so.Good game if your into rogue-likes/rogue-lites, of if you simply wish to support a small development team which seems to be doing what it can to resolve the stigma of bad support, bugs and DLC that other, bigger companies have created in gaming."
76561198131265658,Recommended,305640,13353804,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,There is only ONE God,I was hesitant about buying this game but it turned out to be one of the most fun games I've purchased in awhile.  Takes a certain amount of strategy to navigate the levels and even though your clones life will be short lived the loot is worth another play through.  I highly recommend this game but fair warning... It's addicting.
,Recommended,305640,15528316,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,bopo,Such roguelike.  Wow.
76561198111329199,Recommended,305640,14728270,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Talant,Picked this up on sale only to find out it was well beyond worth the price.
,Recommended,305640,24487535,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Onebadterran,Curator Review:This 2D Isometric Indie Strategy/Adventure/Roguelike game from Kitfox Games is another entry into the Roguelike genre and it does it justice. Take the role of Clone 001 and explore Old Earth. Learn what happened to the planet through the small bits of lore found on items and fill up the datalog with all of the new strange creatures that now inhabit this Shattered Planet.https://youtu.be/HHXQaFyNuKI
76561197994417329,Recommended,305640,24550699,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,fearmyninjas,"I've had a lot of fun with this game. There is a certain amount of grinding that goes with it, but it's still a fun rogue-like to zone out with."
,Recommended,305640,27291490,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cancer-chan,"Almost endless meditative game. And it is not without humor.The game is worth to buy it, especially with a good discount."
76561198001957151,Recommended,305640,26927708,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Roth,"Basically ""Baby's first Roguelike"", with good graphics, and easy, well-designed UI, but not a lot of depth. It's makes for a fun few hours, but you probably won't want to come back to it again later.If you're new to roguelikes and like the theme, you could do worse than giving this a try when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,305640,11180370,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Yiasmat,"(05/10) - At least PlayableI give up on roguelikes on steam...This one is actually nicely done, but it lacks soooo much, that it´s a shame it is a roguelike.Equip? Weapon and a helmet. Heck thats all u get... Enemies? Recycled enemy spammed through the entire game. Strategy? Nope! No items to be found that would be usefull plus a ""hectic-design"" via having to hurry up not to get into the corruption which slowly spreads. Oh, then there are keys which you can find. What do you mean, they should have a purpose? Sure, they open the door.... which leads.... nowhere.... more expensive weapons always better? why would you think that? some even kill you flat out. makes sense, right? level up, purchases and ""customization"" (there rly is none) outside of the level. what? that makes it no real roguelike? oh bless the gods.....Just don´t buy this game..."
,Recommended,305640,23411269,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Loth,"Picked this up after reading Tanya Short's article on making the game over on Gamasutra, sounded really interesting for a roguelike.I've played little bits here and there, but generally it devolves into hours passing before I realise I've been sitting concentrating on this game for so long!Just completed a run through to level 34, with a level 1 clone, and got thousands of materials for upgrading my clones!Strangely satisfying, the music and humor fit the game well."
,Recommended,305640,23291857,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,GabrielTheGreat,"I really enjoy this game. I normally don't care much for rogue-like games, but this one was always a lot of fun. I played this game for a while on mobile, so when I saw it on sale for less than $3 on Steam, I had to grab it. I must say that it seems a good bit more difficult on the Steam version, but I enjoy the greater challenge. I love the variety of items, of creatures, the clone system; there are a number of things that are great about this game. Now there are some areas where I do feel the game could be improved, but some of the complaints I see (the combat system, ect.) shouldn't really be complaints because they are what makes the game unique. Now I do think, however, that the game lacks a driving plot that gives the player the initiative to move forward. Discovering new loot and enemies can only go so far, so if there was a series of levels that had you saving the Gekkians or covered some other tangent where ""You,"" ""Clone ..."" was the only hope for some linear, purposeful objective, it would improve the game.Now the fact that the objective of the game is open-ended, and the only goals are exploration and discovery, is not necessarily a bad thing. The only thing is that when I play, it feels like something is missing. The concept and gameplay are things that I love, but it feels like there is something central that was left out of the game. Nevertheless, I love the game, and I'm very happy that it's on Steam. I am indeed a satisfied customer, and I very much support Kitfox games along with their ability to make unique, interesting games."
,Recommended,305640,29914242,Posted: 13 February,all,The Crazy Zonie,"First bought this game from the Google Play store. Loved the game so much, I got it when it came out on Steam. Consider this:- It's a solid port from iOs/Android systems to PC.- NO PAY TO WIN!- NO MICROTRANSACTIONS (like some candy based match 3 games I won't metion names)- Fairly simple gameplay mechanics.- lasts from 1 minute to about 10, depending on what you're playing.- Lot's of replayability.Only thing better would be if I were paid to play the game."
,Recommended,305640,29826216,Posted: 10 February,all,Nesquick Snake,"As yet another addition to the seemingly endless slew of roguelike / roguelite games of recent, Shattered Planet doesn't do anything extraordinary to distinguish itself from most of it's predecessors.What it lacks in originality however is matched by a sizable amount of content variety, some good humor and characters, and levels that feel genuine and fun to explore. Staying closer to the older, tried and true trifecta of roguelike mechanics - turnbased gameplay, permadeath, and random generation allows Shattered Planet to focus on achieving a balanced and refined experience, and it's a lot of fun.If you're looking for something new and out there, this is not likely to satisfy that thirst, but if you're looking for a roguelike that is honest about what it is, Shattered Planet is a good place to look."
76561198152497960,Recommended,305640,33823004,Posted: 26 July,all,hammer1649,"I'm not a huge fan of roguelikes, but I picked this game up on sale and I have to say I have enjoyed it thoroughly. Neat game, graphics are solid for this type of game. Might not be the type of game you can play for hours at a time, but a blast for an hour a day."
76561198115812513,Recommended,305640,34031338,Posted: 4 August,all,King Skywhale,"This game is a nice relaxing way to spend time. It's randomly generated and you explore. You get stuff via exploring, and you level up by finding new stuff. You can make new things with crystals, but they're randomly generated. This game is a good game to sit down with and relax."
,Recommended,305640,34254011,Posted: 15 August,all,Kurasu,"Have you ever played the game 'Azure Dreams'? Shattered Planet is practically a spiritual successor to that game, only without the town storyline involved with it.In other words, it is Azure Dreams, without the roleplay aspect.OOh, don't get me wrong: there *is* a story and lore, but it's nowhere near as deep, and instead of playing a single character who mysteriously returns to your city every time you die, you play as 'Clone #1'..... or rather, you play as several million clones, *all* named 'Clone #1'. Subtle, and yet a fantastic joke.That's something to be noted about this game: while it's a completely serious experience as a game, it has small nods to humor here and there that don't quite seem out of place. It's 'smart humor' for the most part: stuff that doesn't jump out and smack you in the face, but that strikes you about three minutes after you see it, causing you to facepalm and laugh.It's.... quirky, I think, would be the best way to describe it. And I mean that in the most affectionate way possible.Progression in the game depends on both luck and skill, and like many of the better games of its style, it's one that is unforgiving, and yet at the same time is incredibly, brilliantly, clever about it. You may tear your hair out as you keep dying as the game progresses, but death by death, you actually start to grow, not just by learning about various creatures and how to tactically fight (or avoid) them, but about how to manage your resources and when to utilize your various characters, and how.Would I recommend it? Yes. Yes, I very definitely would. It's the kind of game that I find catches my attention for days on end, and yet that I can put away for several months without feeling guilty about. It's a great 'time-killer'. Especially for fans of the 'roguelike with growth' genre."
