user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,305960,20548312,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Sabecius,"*UPDATE 12-24-2016* Well looks like Red Level Games is avoiding steam at all costs, with no updates to the game I would call this game development dead.  Apparently the devs are still updating people on Kickstarter (But I haven't heard of any builds being updated) so now my only guess is Red Level Games are trying to save face.So looks like Dragon the Game is just another failed Early Access story.  Just add it to the pile.TL;DR version:Kickstarter campaign has (expensive) stage walls for some of the features below.  Game hasn't really improved in a year.  To my disapointment, it's to risky to pay 18 dollars.Long version:I purchased this game the first day of release, I wanted the final product to be a decent indie game.   Sure it would have flaws but it would be enjoyable at least.  When I first booted up the game boy was in for a surprise... not for how far along the team was in developing this game, instead for how little and broken everything was; flying was awful, the camera was confusing to use, there was little to do, and everything about the visuals was just ugly.  At first I figure; this game is in early development and it's just needs more work, no worries I'll just watch it develop over time.  However over a year later and I would be lying if I said things got better.  Sure they did add some new NPCs, some new sturctures.  However flying is still broken, the scale of your dragon to the world seems off, and the game doesn't feel anymore improved.So normally I would brush this game off as a bad purchase and I would have learned a lesson, or maybe still give the dev team the benefit of the doubt.  I honestly don't know that much about game development, so maybe there is more stuff under the hood they are working on that we just don't see yet.  The main problem for me is.  Even after being on the Steam store for over a year.  Red Level Games has decided to start a campaign on Kickstarter.  (To be honest I think they are the only ones to have started on Steam, then moved to Kickstarter.  I know the reverse happens or maybe even they launch at the same time)  It seems really strange to me.  I know games cost money to make, you need to keep people employeed in order to work on a game, you also need a place for them work.  I get it and I don't care that they have this campaign of the side for people who want to help some more.  My real issue is, some of the features listed below (As of the date of writing this review) are now suddenly blocked off by a stage wall.  Even though their Kickstarter Goal is 30K some of the features such as; adding more Dragon body types/species is a 750K milestone on their Kickstarter.I don't know what Red Level Games was thinking.  This game isn't really popular, it isn't really drawing the attention needed for a Kickstarter to get the majority of it's milestone/stages funded.  It's only popular in a niche market, so the people who would have been willing to donate to the kickstarter probably have already purchased the game and even a smaller percentage of them will  be willing to give even more of their money to this project.After this Kickstarter I'm now worries on the progress that will be made here.  I feel like it would be a huge risk to anyone now to spend 18 dollars on this game.  However all of this could work out, the game gets finished and it's amazing.  I would be so overjoyed and woul gladly admit I'm wrong.  It's just from where I'm sitting right now... I don't have high hopes."
76561198044791882,Not Recommended,305960,15014890,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,silverdragon53,"I understand that this game is in early access, but I don't know if it's worth the money. I'm glad I spent it so they can work on it some more, but I'm having doubts. This game definitely has a cool idea, but it's not quite ready for anyone to play right now. In fact, there's almost nothing to do but fly around. Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love the dragon concept, but I don't know if they have a good enough foundation to get this off the ground (I made a pun because the dragon can barely get off the ground). Here are some ideas to make this game awesome:1. Better flight controls - It's very clunky and full of bugs. I found this nifty little nook on the top of a mountain and I tried to get to it, but my dragon kept falling backwards for some reason. No idea why. I would like to see something like Zelda: Skyward Sword. The birds in the game had very simple, but easy to use flight controls. Flap the wings, they'd go up. If you were high enough, you could coast on the ""wind"". I'm not looking for realistic, I'm looking for fun.2. Better ground movement - Dragons are mythical creatures, so I can't never know for sure...but I'm fairly certain that they aren't supposed to move like that. Also the body of the dragon doesn't interact well with the ground, and I'd like some motivation not to crash my animal into the ground. So far, the only way that's possible to land your dragon from high up is to do a death spiral to the ground.3. More interesting landscape - I get that they are trying to be realistic, but I'd almost prefer if they focused more on mechanics and less on landscape. Plus, the mountains are kind of boring at this point. In the future, I'd like to see snow on top of them, and forests so thick with trees that it is almost impossible to land among. Also, rivers and lakes.4. Dragon Territory and Hoard- I think the game makers are going for a territorial/combat/choose your destiny kind of game. I'd like to see some caves where I can store all my treasure and princesses.5. Better dragon customization - enough said. I'm glad I have an option to explore as a silver dragon, but I'd like a little more detail than that.Once again, I understand that this is a work in progress. But they aren't moving very fast and I don't know if they have the foundation for this to succeed. I will remain hopeful, however. So buy the game if you can afford it, but think of it like a donation right now because it's not much of a game at all currently."
76561198078447500,Not Recommended,305960,23518667,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,TheMiles,"Update: 8th Julyhttps://youtu.be/IuWKNlnIirkThis video says it all.I started like em all. I saw a game about dragons and instantly bought it, because I felt it needed support.Do not give these devs money. Don't purchase the game in its current state.They had a kickstarter, a successful one that granted them 35k dollars and they presented a new dragon model, along with promising to have weekly updates on their progress. The last time we heard from them was in April and now it's June.I wouldn't be so upset, if they at least did keep us up-to-date on their progress, but they don't.And I am starting to feel like they never will."
76561198073164102,Not Recommended,305960,20987756,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Tobykenobi88,"******DISCLAIMER******** I don't recommend this game for specific groups of gamers. Please read the full review for my thoughts! thank you!This game is difficult for me to review, and I'll explain why. I have dreamt of this game concept for YEARS. I have told all my friends about this ""idea"" I had about a game where you played AS a dragon. Where the game was a mix of RPG/Action/Strategy/Open World/Co-op and PvP. A game where you started off as a baby dragon, heading out into the world. You would set up a lair, and then proceed to level up and grow as you saw fit. Maybe you'd be a typical giant red dragon breathing fire on all the nearby villages. Or you could be a diplomatic dragon who forged alliances with humans instead. Each level would allow you to customize and upgrade various aspects of your dragon. Etc...I could go on all day about my ideas (Been thinking about them for years as I mentioned.) Reading the description from the developers, this game COULD potentially BE my dream game, finally realized.On the one hand, I want to enthusiastically recommend this game so more people will support it and it can grow into the game of my dreams. However, I have to be honest and tell people what they are getting into before they spend their hard-earned money. I have barely started the game up, and quit after a minute or so because the controls were so un-intuitive and I couldn't figure out how to switch them. The graphics were poor, and no amount of messing with the settings would improve them. Obviously this is still in early access, so there is still hope for lots of improvement. With such a limited amount of experience in the game, I can't talk about any of the deeper mechanics, etc...but the small amount I did experience was hard to endure. I am planning to not ask for a refund in the hopes that this game will continue to grow and adapt into a game I can love. I bought it on sale for $15 ish, normally it goes for $17.99 I think. If you love dragons like I do (and like the developers, from the sound of it) this game could very well be worth supporting. If you're kind of ""meh"" on the subject of dragons, maybe wait a few months before purchasing.I will continually check up on this game and revise my review as time goes on. Thank you for reading!END OF OFFICIAL REVIEWTo the developers: (if they read these things...)Thank you for doing this game! As I mentioned, I have pictured this game in my head for 10+ years now! I always toyed with the idea of submitting it to some developer, but figured it'd already been discussed and dropped, of that there wouldn't be much interest. Every few years, I'd do an internet search for ""dragon games"" to see if there was by chance a game that somewhat matched my ideas. None ever have until now! Happened upon your game in a STEAM sale and bought it pretty quickly. I understand that this game is a side endeavor for all of you, outside of your regular jobs, so it can't be your main focus. All I ask is that you do what you (reasonably) can to make this game great! I could die a happy man if this game is able to fulfill even some of my grand dragon aspirations. Again, thank you for undertaking this project."
76561198053214292,Not Recommended,305960,13105482,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Dragoneye,"Magnificent idea, without a doubt. A game where you take the role of a dragon for no greater reason other than to do dragon-y things. That's really the kind of game i'm craving these days.That being said, i cannot in any way recommend this game in it's current state. This is VERY early access. Like, SUPER early access. It runs like a snail through molasses(very slowly) on my somewhat competent computer, and there are glitches in the most noticable of places, like that one where your dragon gets stuck tilted at a 45 degree angle from the ground.Of course, the biggest issue here, the one that really bothers me the most, is that none of the dragons movement feels especially dragon-like, with the arguable exeption of the flying. There is no weight to any of your movement, the fire breath carries all of the force of shining a flashlight on things, and all in all, in it's current state, the game ultimately fails to deliver on the one thing it tries to be: a dragon simulator.I hope, i truly hope by the grace of the moon that this game becomes something grand. And when it does, i swear i will shower it with all the praise i can muster. For the time being, though, i'm just waiting for this thing to become decently playable.Oh, the curse of early access games..."
,Not Recommended,305960,21826133,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,gay babys first playboy,"I've owned this game for maybe 2 years, and it's still an utter piece of crap. Slightly different crap than what I originally bought, but still utter turd. I bought this game, as many others did, because this is a concept I've always been looking for in a video game. This game does not deliver on that. Dragon: The Game makes a lot of promises, and fufills none of them. Its unplayable, it's ugly, and little to no progress has been made in its development. Frankly, its gone backwards. When i first played, the UI actually worked, to a degree, and I could atleast run the game. Now many of the buttons do literally nothing when I press them, and I immediately crash a few minutes into 'gameplay'. Don't buy this game."
76561198057243981,Not Recommended,305960,21538819,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Oros_Abaddon,"This game sucks. There is absolutely nothing to do and I bought it AT LEAST 2 years ago and there has been no update in which  I think ""Yeah, this is going somewhere."" It's a damn scam."
,Recommended,305960,12835977,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Grageon,"Best indie game since Notch's most famous of games, the mighty Cliffhorse, whose release rocked the indie world. It's like Cliffhorse, but WITH DRAGONS!All jokes aside, it's pretty barebones at the moment, and I knew it would be when I bought it. Don't buy it if you're not prepared to play a seriously early alpha build game. I am gonna recommend it, because I have been waiting for this game and would like to believe the developers will continue to the end. But there are some problems.- Dragon creation screen is broken. Can barely see dragon and most of the features appear unimplemented.- Multiplayer stuck me in an endless loop of connecting and freezing then reconnecting.- I deleted the dragon named New Dragon, and now the Dragons button no longer works so the game is unplayable. Exit button also broke.- If you kill a peasant they bleed and bleed until the game freezes.- Launch option doesn't work. You must go through the options pop up first.(I could not care less about that last one, but worth noting.)Again, do NOT buy this game expecting a finished game, but do buy it if you are willing to trust the developers to finish it properly, or if you're just really in need of a dragon simulator."
,Recommended,305960,12840497,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ChivalricSloth,"First off, following what everyone else has said, this game is in averyearly release stage.There are multiple glitches, including but not limited to controls, clipping, humans dying in an excess amount of blood crashing the game. There is basically nothing to the game at this moment. It is a skeleton, and in my opinion, a little too bare for early access even.That being said, I am loving this game. I am a bit bias in this, but flapping the dragons' wings to barely make it over that mountain peak, and the gliding down the side at increasing speeds was a joy. The controls are intuitive and are leagues above majority of the dragon flight games I have played, some including Lair, and Divinity 2, and multiple others that I do not remember the name of.I recommend this game for dragon lovers alone at this moment, who just want to fly around. I have very high hopes for this game, and I do recommend keeping your eye on this game if you do not buy it now."
,Not Recommended,305960,20138440,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Benie,"Going by my profile picture, this has been on my wishlist for quite some time. And due to the Winter Steam Sale, I decided to get it. Though I do hope my investment helps with their continued development of this game, because wow.. does it need it.I'll be 100% honest with you. If you love dragons as much as I do, and you pray this small development company can deliver, then invest and enjoy the game as-is. But realize, this game is only a whelp right now. It just needs some time to grow.And like the typical age of a dragon, it will take a pretty long time until this game will be what I want for this. This game has been in Alpha for over a year. Thankfully the dev team haven't abandoned it, giving me hope it will be as epic as a dragon should be."
76561198034142001,Not Recommended,305960,33357840,Posted: 7 July,all,Raynor,Sadly this game has lost all of its drive. Recently there was a glimmer of hope that the development was still on going and that the team would start communicating again. The update that was said to be coming out still has not hit and they have gone silent again.Also just found this little article here:https://www.tricitiesbusinessnews.com/2017/01/13/red-level-games/#myaccountwhich suggests that this game is going to continue to sit idle for awhile if not be completly abandoned. The article states that the people who were working on this game are focusing on building a weed growing game. This game had a great concept but I would just follow it in case it revives and not risk your money buying it in its current state.Edit: Since I posted this review there has been a response from the developer which you can watch herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azfsXpjMTMU. Hopefully this is a step in the right direction and he does what he says especially in the communication department. I will wait and see what happens. For anyone considering buying this game then I would just like to remind you that it is an early access game and is struggling with its development. It might turn into a good game or it might continue on life support and eventually die. I hope this one finds new life but it is a risk and if you dont want to accept that risk then dont buy it atleast not yet.
76561198057109145,Recommended,305960,18405996,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Misteragamer,"**Updated 4-1-16**The last time i played this game was 11-7-14. At that time it was little better than a tech demo.I have redownloaded the game. This is my new impressions.I'm going to compare what was, to what is now:(Note, i played on ""good"" setting for graphics).The UI prior - Seem to be well made for the starting screen where you pick your dragon/map and hit the play button. The background was equally nice. Over all, I liked it. When picking your dragon you could look at stats and what could be skills/powers. Detailed, very easy to read. This alone I'd say was very well put together and awesome at that.The UI now - The starting screen where you pick your dragon. First impression... Green neon grass/ground. Picking your dragon button over lapped the play button so all you can see of play is LAY. Which is fine since you can put together that it is a play button. Picking dragons, the details of the dragons you can pick from are lost on the right side fo the screen into the neon green color. Leaving you guessing as to what it is saying.. I think i saw the word Ox for one of the dragons.. not sure what that would be.. maybe fav food? Really not sure what happened here. Hard to read, buttons over lapping. Step down from last time i played. Real disappointment. Almost feels like they went backwards here.Map prior - poorly put together, could tell it was either rushed, or someone new to map making had put it together. Lots of seems where you could see the parts that were put together. Things would randomly fall through or if they walked into a seam, they'd fall through. Going too far in one direction would unload the map from where you were. Once unloaded, the map wouldn't reload. You were left with ""dead zones"" where you couldn't go back to them. Few trees. Villagers and their homes were bunched together like small villages (this is a plus). Over all, really drove home the feel that the game was a Tech Demo.Map Now - Improved, smooth, no seams, nothing falling through the floor. Map doesn't unload and fail to load again when you come back. Rather odd coloring, kind of a neon green or off green for the ""grass"". More trees. Trees look nicer now. Villagers do not appear to live very close together. Takes away from the feel of villages. Over all, makes the game feel like an Alpha so a step up for sure.Mobs prior - Few villagers, chicks with swords and guys with pitch forks (and of course the villager of doom, but he was a bug/glitch), cyclops, wolves, ents (or where they giants?). AI wasn't that good, simple see and attack. Passive mobs, cows, sheep. Easy to kill.Mobs now - Same types of villagers, plus man at arms (or what i'd call them since they had shields), Didn't play long enough to find many other types of mobs. But i did take note there are now deer, and rabbits. Wolves are still in. AI is still rather basic. Though now they don't all attack on sight (but should in cases like the wolves who sat there and let me fry them for one of the quests)Dragon Prior - Going to be honest here. The dragon we had access to when i first played was awesome looking. Really made me think Dragon. Handled ok, would go lopsided every once in a while. Could even change it's face a little.Dragon now - While it does offer i think premade dragons? Not sure as it wouldn't let me actually pick anything. I was able to change the color of my dragon with sliders. Didn't have that option prior. You could make a pink dragon if you wanted to now. However, the body of the dragon as well as head leave me thinking lizard then dragon. They did it the right way the first time. Though to be fair, i heard we'll be able to have more control over what our dragons look like... hopefully. Otherwise I'd say a step backwards here with the shape.Quests prior - there were zero quests.Quests now - very simple quests at first. I didn't put a lot of time in this time around, but i get the feeling the questions are going to become more and more involved.Combat prior - We had claw/fire to use for weapons. Pretty simple to be honest. shoot some fire, or hit them with your claws. I never found any bugs or problems with it when i played then.Combat now - Able to use fire or a tail whip. Tail whip doesn't always seem to hit. Fire will fly off into the distance and cross the map. I found this out by ranging in the direction i had sent some flames doing the quest to find a chest. Actually seems more buggy then it did prior.Over all prior - I felt the game was a tech demo and nothing more. I wouldn't have recommended the game to anyone, but didn't want to leave a poor review as it's not a finished game. I wanted to wait until the game is finished, then give it a real review that may or may not be positive.Over all now - I don't feel like the game is a tech demo anymore. If i were to gage it's ""age"", i'd say it's early to mid Alpha. It's gettingn a lot of factors together now. The map is for sure cleaned up. Just needs more TLC. Combat and UI needs some heavy work. The game does though seem to flow better. There are some real possibilities for this game if it ever gets finished.Do I recommend the game? My answer is still sadly no. Not because it's an early Alpha after 1.5 yrs. Nor because of the remaining bugs, and unfinshed features. It's not even the snails pace it seems this game is being developed at. The reason why I am not willing to recommend this game is simple. Commuication. The developers made a promise to maintain that with us. They failed to keep their promise. I will not move my recommend to a not. Because the game is not finished. As such, there is still a chance the dev's will turn it around yet again. But we'll see how that goes. I will be uninstalling the game now. I'll load it up again when there appears to be either some heavy updates or the game is finished or in another 1.5 years ;) Which ever comes first.**old review**First, I am not recommending that anyone buy this game.I am putting it as a recommend as there is no middle choice. Right now i'm waiting to see where the game goes.The idea of the game.. oh my god, it's awesome, what it could be is fantastic... but fantasy and reality don't go hand in hand. What will come out of this game is by far not set in stone yet.Currently the game play is little better than a tech demo of a game. Bug filled, not very pretty graphic wise and lacking in content. You can fly around as a dragon, and haphazardly attack things with either fire, or melee. You can fly, and burn stuff. That is what is currently available in the game, plus bugs, lots of bugs, tons of bugs, map disappearing and not reloading, suddenly flying with a tilt, etc.To be perfectly honest here. Only buy this game if you want to support the dev's and take a change on if this game will go anywhere or not. It's been out since Nov 7th of 2014, their last update to the game (not counting the testing updates that you can opt into, was in Jun of 2015. They did have some updates before then. They have been working on the game according to the opt in option. However, being one of the people who didn't opt into it, i wouldn't know what sort of ""testing"" is going on, and based off of the forum posts of actual testers... there doesn't appear to be that much to be impressed with. So, if you like the idea, and want to try to help out the devs... then by all means buy the game. But do so knowing that at this point in the development, you're taking a shot in the dark as to if there will be any sort of pay off (aka finished game) or not.I bought on the first day it was released onto Early Access. While I'm disappointed that i don't have much of a game yet to play, i do have hope and currently do not regert buying the game.I will update this review once the game has something to show for itself other than a tech demo style of game."
,Not Recommended,305960,17622403,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Shibby,"I bought this game with super high expectations, it had a lot of potential (just think, being the DRAGON) so cool. I got involved on the player boards. reported bugs, made suggestions, was incredibly excited for the future of this game.but then I noticed that after 6 months of playing the game, it was still a game with no direction set in a glitchy world with tiny paramaters, where you could fly off the edge of the map where it wouldn't render in under 15 seconds, and it STAYED THAT WAY.now I'm all about supporting a game that I see has drive and potential, but this one seems to have turned out all potential, no drive. with months of the same glitches and bugs, and no new content ever added, I see now that it's not going to turn in to anything beyond an empty shell of a game idea.wish the devs put more development into their game before putting it up on steam like it had any semblance of a game."
,Not Recommended,305960,25414843,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,lanessar,"At this point, I can't recommend this as an early access title. It's probably one of the three crowdfunded titles I actually regret purchasing. In the last two years, very little has changed in the actual product. While there might be ""under the hood"" work being done, there is also very little communication from the developer despite numerous requests for information.The last round of customer complaints on lack of updates elicited a post from the developer where he stated ""I can communicate more regularly and authentically.""This was on July 10th.It's now nearly two months later, and not a single post or bit of information has come from the developers. It could be a deserted project sitting in early access for all I know, but there is no communication present.Even before this, it was spotty - this started on steam EA and had a number of purchasers (I'd guess a few thousand). Then, after that initial open-up for purchase, there were a few updates, almost no communication from the devs, and then silence for several months afterward. Things became active again for a month with a Kickstarter which got another 50K to develop the game, a couple of updates during that time and then complete radio silence for 2-3 months. Until the people that purchased their game practically shook the cages asking what the hell was going on, can we hear anything at all about this project?When tracked down and found in a livestream, the developer stated they were afraid to communicate because of possible ""misunderstandings"".This is a pretty bad excuse.No one misunderstood anything, no one was being negative in their forums, just asking ""can we get an update?"" or ""has this project been abandoned? I haven't seen any sort of communication.""Bottom line, I urge you with all caution NOT to purchase this early-access title. Due to the lack of communication from the developers, the strange excuses, and the lack of overall progress over the period of two years, this is most likely not going to be finished, and any money or hopes put on this are likely to be a wasted effort. I do expect another round of crowd-funding before they finally go totally dark and abandon it, but the pattern has been pretty clear since this project started.If the behavior actually changes, then I'll be happy to update the review. At this point, though, buyer beware. They don't have enough personnel or resources in order to make the project they are selling."
,Not Recommended,305960,19823192,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,StalkerZA,"It Saddens me to have to write a review like this, but let it be said that firstly this is all my own opinion based on MY experiences with the game over the last 4 months since I bought it and played it.With that said, this game is disapointing beyond measure. The poor attention to detail, the absolute laziness and lack of effort put into something as simple as a camera control, and I won't even start on how the graphics have gotten WORSE over time!This game has absoutely amazing potential, it is a game that would go absolutely over the moon! However, there needs to be some sort of change in the current direction of the game. There is little to no effort of improvement on the actual core of the game and what you see in the trailers and advertisement is not what you get when you actually get into the game.There are of course many great things about this game.. The play style, the fact that the protagonist is and will be a dragon instead of a human, and the fact that you can choose to be good or evil. However, all other good things about the game that are possible right now are just ideas at the very core thrown into the game without a second thought.I urge you not to buy the game just yet, as I believe it was thrown into crowd funding without any plan as to what to do with the money towards the game thereafter. The result so far is poor and quite appauling, I sincerely hope that this will change in the future as I was not nearly as excited about any other game as I was about this before I bought it.Overall: 3/10Don't buy it just yet, wait it out a bit. That is my opinion."
,Recommended,305960,12909540,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,FeralMoonlight,"I do recommend this game, even at this stage, to people willing to put up with bugs and etc.I played it for a couple of minutes and I love the concept. I would really like to post this review to notify fellow players and mostly the developers about the things I have found. Please don't burn me down, I am not a very good gamer, but I believe I should be able to at least have a shot at any game, so here are some things that would make the game idiot-proof:1. Dragon flight speed has been greatly improved since last time I played it. Steering my dragon around now goes easily. However, I am still missing a possibility to kind of hang still in the air and possibly land like a helicopter. I am curious if there are going to be air battles and how those are going to be implemented because we are going to need a better way to brake, make sharp turns, perform acrobatics and etc. Sometimes you will simply need a sharp turn to eat that one goblin's head off!2. Camera: Is fine now, good job!3. Dragon creation screen: Yay for customisation! I realise that once the mechanics of the game are running smoothly, you can start focussing on this point. Being able to zoom in on the face and edit features would be great (look at the Elder Scrolls series, Fallout, etc). Turn your dragon around like you are sculpting it would be awesome. And genders, we need genders.4. I believe that there should eventually be a ""lock on"" option during battles and the HP bars of your target should be visible. The battles right now are just really easy: you land somewhere, goblins come running and you burn them, then eat them. Or turn them into a bloodstain and then eat them.5. SFX and music: The music is really epic, but in my opinion it would be great if the music would change depending on the situation, calm during flight and just walking around, and epic during battles and engages. The SFX are fine for a game in this stage, however you may want to make the dragon a little more menacing by e.g. adding a kind of snarling sound when he breathes fire, adding sounds of pain and agony when you are hit (same goes for the enemies).6. FPS: I have a very decent PC that can run pretty heavy games, but somehow when I play the game in high graphics, my FPS drop to levels I'd expect on my 5-year-old laptop. Low graphics work fine.7. Graphics: yeah I know these are not important yet when you are building on the mechanics, but of course the graphics need an overhaul. Ground textures are simple, characters look square. Movement of the dragon is lacking especially when running. There is no AI implemented into the enemies (yet) so they come running and start hitting you like they are suicidal. Yada yada, stuff for later.Keep up the great work, I am really looking forward to more!"
,Not Recommended,305960,33817074,Posted: 26 July,all,FeralCat,Bought this 3 years ago and there has been no notable progression!  I understand that it is in Early Access however I paid around £15 for this in 2014 in the hope that it would become something.I've waited long enough.  I think I've been scammed.
,Recommended,305960,19131759,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Prolynx,"There seems to be quite a few negatives for this game.First of all, I would like to point out that this very early early access. It has potential; and this is why I supported it. I play on and off when new updates are released. This is a very unique game which I hope does become a reality like the developer envisoned to begin with.Just imagine flying around like a dragon, being the fiercest dragon around. How great is that?There are bugs and problems which you expect at every early access. But would I give it a negative. No. There isn't much to do at this stage but I hope people buy it because they see the potential in the game and want the developer to foinish it so we can all act out being a dragon.If I have to i'll pay the developer to keep going. :) that's how much I like the concept."
,Not Recommended,305960,15337467,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Acharenus,"A great concept, unfortunatly came with no real content and developement progress is incredibly slow.Steer clear."
76561198128079930,Recommended,305960,15909209,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Seranner,"I'd like a bit of survival, maybe? Add hunger, thirst, territory and the fight to keep it as you guard your eggs and your mate. This would make it a bit less of an RPG, but you can also add a RolePlay mode to it. This would give players a choice to RolePlay, or survive in the process of RolePlay, or  only survive."
76561198058699167,Not Recommended,305960,26665430,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Adoring Fan,"Come back in 2 years and you might see this in Alpha, and no longer in a Pre-Alpha state.Dragon: The Game has been in development for 2 years, with a team of people working on it, and all that is offered is something that cannot even be called a demo. I refunded this game almost a year ago after quickly realizing the path it was taking, and following it to this very day, I can see I made the RIGHT choice on refunding it.A year ago the public build for this game were abysmal. No sounds, crashing everywhere, no multiplayer, NPCs falling from the sky, caves filled with holes, very unresponsive and basic melee attack, etc. Now from what I've seen, (and from the most recent update) sounds have been added, there is much more diversity in the NPCs, crashing seems to still occur for some people, etc. While the game HAS improved somewhat, you have to realize that over the duration of a year, this team has added things I've seen other devs that weren't even properly funded do within 4-6 months. This game has been funded successfully for 35k on Kickstarter.I look toward the devs of Yogadventures and then I look back at this game, and I see a similar fate. Yogadventures is infamously known for being funded, but handled by inexperienced developers who simply gave up in the end, and plopped the filth they had been working on for about a year or two on their kickstarter supporters. And EVEN then they seemed to have made more progress then this game has.I'm not saying this dev team would do such a thing, but for HOW LONG they've been working on this successfully funded project; and what they have to offer within the duration of 2 years, I simply don't think people should purchase this game. Atleast, not until we ACTUALLY see some real progress here.Don't get me wrong here, I WANT this game to be what it promises. We ALL WANT a Dragon Sim. I really hope the devs will be able to somehow pull this off. If you are a DIEHARD fan of dragons, and have always wanted a game like this, get it. If your like me and are a bit skeptical on the duration of this game's development and progress, wait either for a price drop or, again, when we see some real progress. Best of luck guys! :)"
76561198149514970,Recommended,305960,15831406,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Shadowling,"This game has a lot of work to be done, but besides that, its a wonderful game and the graphics are really well done, even if it is in Alpha stage.Note that this game will not be completely ""bug-free"" for say, and it wont be ""waxed and polished"" when you get it, i have only played 20-something minutes of it and every time i die i will start to lag really bad, but it is what i expect from a Alpha stage game.Yea, i HAVE noticed their are other games out there such as Istralia, and I of the dragon, but i personally think the quest-line in I of the dragon gets boring after a while. And in Istralia, you have to pay to play as a dragon, and (even for me) it takes WEEKS to even become an adult in that game >.<Listen, people who are making this, TAKE YOUR TIME! People (including me) have been trying to find a game like this FOR YEARS, this is an actual game where you can take on the role of a dragon, and i know you WILL meet the people's standards, just keep chugging along~"
,Not Recommended,305960,21884167,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,DracheNfeuer,"Worst EA project ive ever supported, after years of ""development"" it's not really even a game yet, there is no actual gameplay, just a glitchy, buggy open world in which you can try flying your dragon around if you can handle the awful flying controls and lack of any physics, nothing is properly implemented yet, not even basic stuff like controls or attacks, visuals are below horrible with games with dragons from the 90s like Drakan looking much better.This project doesn't seem to have potential to become a real game and i won't really recommend it."
76561198011118610,Not Recommended,305960,24734975,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,craftz,"Probably another early access scam. Nothing improved since game released. Devs only removed content and features by saying we will implement them better. When I first bought it was fun actually you were able to fly, sprint, hunt. İts not even a similation now they broke every feature in the game."
,Not Recommended,305960,24010797,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ratchet,"Writing this review because I requested a refund on a game I played 27 minutes and it was denied. Seeing as I can't get my money back... I spent $15 on this game in 2014 hoping it would become something. Still waiting. The devs don't seem to respond to the community and the videos and images suggest the game is something it's not... or playable in general.Don't buy this game, it's been in a rut for two years and all it looks like is it's managed by devs who are learning how to do basic things as they go. This isn't the same game I was originally supporting.I noticed Achievements shown under the game. Really? The game can't function with a basic purpose, or be even REMOTELY worth $18, but there's achievements?I've been well duped. Congrats. Thanks for taking my time and money."
,Not Recommended,305960,12998998,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Skel1,"Two Year Update:The game has made minimal progress, if not gone backwards. BUYER BEWARE THIS IS NOT A GAME AND IT IS VERY DOUBTFUL IT EVER WILL BE. What is there is terrible, glitchy, non performant, poor play control, and most of all, ""not fun"". They've been ""selling"" this for over two years and the game still doesn't even have an objective or a semblence of a gameplay element beyond some very unnatural flying. Lots of big talk and big claims, but make no mistake:This game is snake oil and represents everything BAD about ""early access"". You've been warned.Original review from two years ago below:---------------------------I bought this game as an investment into what it could possibly become one day, but please let me explain something, buy beware:The content of the current build does NOT include content from these screenshots, while the developers are honest about this being a very early build, this is NOT even alpha status.Typically, alpha status is when the majority of the engine is done, but content is still under works. In this case, almost nothing is done.The demo its self is buggy and unpolished. It looks like something could build in unity in a few hours if you replaced the graphics with squares and rectangles.Sorry devs, but I'm giving this one a big juicy thumbs down. I love the concept, but in all honesty can not promote the buying of this game in its current state."
76561198065803504,Not Recommended,305960,28104005,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Kidtwitch,Drunk me thought I would enjoy this. He and I had to talk over money privileges.
,Not Recommended,305960,17891712,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sharkmare Moon,"Great potential.But at current point in time unplayable and just straight up soul devouring to play.My main point really is the walking and Ground movement combined with the very static fire spitting.I hope it improves, i enjoy playing early access and i have high hopes for this Game."
,Not Recommended,305960,33872574,Posted: 28 July,all,Beezle,"Once upon a Time, there Lived a wonderful Dragon called: FlameButt. Born into an empty waste land, ice skaing across the forest plains, she learned quickly the only way to live was at the Worlds end. She soon took the leap to be met by fate who paused her for a soild 2 min before poofing her into new lands. Upon arriving she killed two invisible deer to feed herself. Moment later she gave up on life.To put it kindly, I've had this game for some times. *Cough years* And it's still not gotten anywhere. I'd request a refund but I fear hurting the kid who's testing game development. Best of luck my friend, but please don't charge 18$ for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ At most, it's a dollar in its current state. Much love but keep this off steam."
76561198000543293,Not Recommended,305960,23485979,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Moh,"An ambitious title, however it should honestly never have been greenlit in the current state of play.The quality of gameplay and art assets is reminiscent of a pet project in desperate need of funding and professional assistance. Gameplay barely amounts to pre-alpha, and the graphics are, frankly, incredibly poor for a PC title.Unfortunately one of the poor examples of Steam's Early Access system.Unless something drastically changes, and soon, I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,305960,17781978,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,PlagueRaven,"Patch 8.3 Review UpdateI reinstalled the game to check out the latest beta patch. I wrote my previous review months ago, but now I figure it's time to come back and readdress some things with a bit more clarity.I purchased this early access game in April 2015. It is now currently January 2016. There have been very little changes since I bought it. Certainly not enough to ""wow"" me yet.The Positives1) Previously, I made mention that the flight controls were sickeningly sensitive to the point of being out-of-control insane. With the 8.3 update, it's not as bad. I was able to move without throwing up in the process. That is one thing I can say has noticeably improved. It was so terrible before that I couldn't play the game at all.2) The terrain seems more lush than before. All I remember was long stretches of blank ground with barely any trees or mountains or much of anything.3) You can grab people and animals and carry them into the air and eat them. If you can manage to get it to work properly, that is. I'll get to that later.4) You can now color the dragon. This wasn't an option before.5) Flying around in circles is fun, even if I'm not really doing anything important. So, ponts for being immersive.The Negatives1) They said the optimization was improved, but it still seemed pretty poor on various settings. The funny thing is, the lag and stuttering happens the most when running on the ground, and it's smooth sailing (no pun intended) when you're flying over miles of forests. This happened to me before the patch, as well, on the fastest graphics setting on a brand new gaming machine with a more-than-capable graphics card. This needs some serious tweaking before it's playable for a wider range of people.2) While the flight controls were easier to deal with, the other controls were a bit of a mess. I tried like hell to pick up people off the ground in mid-flight. I managed to successfully do it once, then proceeded to drop said human because I'm spamming the Q button like crazy trying to snatch him up. It barely works. I was more excited than I needed to be when I finally managed to get it.For some reason, the flight controls were automatically selected as inverted when I reinstalled and restarted the game. I'm used to normal flight controls. This isn't a big complaint, because that's an option you can change.Grabbing things will sometimes just bug out the dragon or the enemy you're picking up to where they're almost melting together like in The Thing.3) The envrionment is hilariously glitchy, as are the enemies and objects. While flying the dragon around, I couldn't count how many rocks, trees, tree stumps, housesandpeople were either stuck halfway through the ground and peeking up through a mound of snow like they got trapped in a snowbank, or were floating in mid-air like they were caught in a time-warp. I almost don't want to call this a ""negative"" because I laughed whenever I saw it. I actually got stuck underneath a floating rock at some point.Sometimes you'll get stuck on a piece of the terrain-- say, a house or a tree-- and you'll suddenly and mysteriously get launched backward several yards as if you had been rocketed off of a pine tree trebuchet. This also made me laugh. ""Where are you going, Dranonimous?!"" I yelled.The LOD is a mind trip. In the distance, the envrionment is just one giant oil paint color blotch, which really negates the look of the piece of the map you're currently standing in. It makes you think that if you go anywhere near the color blotch, you'll disappear into the gaming void. I didn't want to go past the borders of the snowy forest, which I figured was the least glitchy part of the map. I did fly somewhat away form it to check out a badly-rendered lake. Then I turned back because the rest of the map had also turned into a lake somehow.4) I never lost any health. Or gained any. I don't think you can really get hurt yet. I understand that eating is meant to replenish you, but that doesn't seem to have a purpose. Not yet, anyway. And your enemies are clones of one pitchfork-wielding dude and cows. Or cottages.5) Maybe I'm not the first to say this. If I am the first to say it, then let it be known: The dragon... is ugly. I'm sorry. But it just is.The dragon's front arms look like they should be socketed on a G.I. Joe. The back legs belong to some kind of alien frog. The head... well, I can barely look at it, because whenever I try to, the dragon shoves his face in the ground like an ostrich. The tail is three times as long as its body.The running and flying animations aren't very fluid. Instead of running on its bulging soldier arms and amphibious hind legs, it does this sort of ""hop"" that really reinforces the whole ""Frog"" concept. Maybe there'd be a different animation for walking, which would follow the stride of most other four-legged creatures. Right now, it just looks awkward and weird and not at all aesthetically pleasing.The flight animations aren't much better. The body is sort of stiff as its airborne, sans the waving, flapping tail, and the wings resemble cardboard.Final ThoughtsOverall, my opinion is mixed. It's starting to show atinybit of potential, but the updates have not been very grand since I bought this, and they state it should be ready for release and out of Early Access in two years (and they said this when I bought it). Yeeeah, I don't think so.Dragon The Game is inVERY EARLY ALPHA, and this should be considered when making the Early Access purchase. It is barely even half ready after nine months. With how slow the game is updated, and the lack of massive improvements, I'd say it would take more than two years to make this game bug-free and good enough to buy.Does that mean you shouldn't support it? Eh. If you think it'll go anywhere, be my guest. I still feel like my money hasn't gone to anything worthwhile."
76561198090649998,Not Recommended,305960,27539856,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lt. Tate,"I bought this game around two years ago. It sounded exactly like the kind of game I'd be interested in, being able to be a dragon and forge your own path. I played a flash game with the same idea.The only issue is, that flash game was in a more playable state than this game. I don't know anything about the kickstarter or what, all I know is that I got this game and it has yet to even be PLAYABLE. I didn't pay $15 to get a barely functioning demo with nothing to do. None of the features listed are even implemented yet. Even if a game is early access, at least have it be in a playable state before pawning it off on people. For $18 to boot."
,Not Recommended,305960,28113211,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Psychotic Asparagus,"I would love a refund at this point. This game was barely playable on my old rig, it's hardly so now on my current one. As others have said, it's been in development for 2 years without much delivery on anything the devs promised. It's a great idea that just never came into complete fruition."
76561198095514380,Not Recommended,305960,28315204,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,harrybearpuncher,"for the love of god DO NOT BUY THIS ""GAME"" ive had it for over 2 years and its only gotten worse, i tried to stick it out in hopes of it getting better but at this point i doubt that will ever happen.at this rate that demo video is at least a few years out. i had really high hopes for this game when i first got it but it turns out its just a bunch of bought assets clumsily thrown together with horrable scaling, broken game play, and serious preformance issues, its almost like watching a stop motion video except its all stop and a few stutters in between."
,Recommended,305960,32858413,Posted: 27 June,all,Kaiser Cat The First,While I would not recommend this game in it's current state it has the potential to become a great game. I would recommend buying this game only if you are interested in supporting the devs. Do take into account that this is an early access game made by a very small studio and that is it going to take a while before the game is finished.
76561198129101111,Recommended,305960,19325273,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,unknown.notregistered,"WARNING: Do not buy. Yet.I still reccomend it, but only in the long-haul.This game and premise has alot of promise, but that's it at the moment. It is in an Early Alpha if you could call it that, and has undergone a few fair revisions over time. It does have the goal in mind, but at the moment - it is far from ready.It may be something to look forward to, eventually - but for now, keep it off to the side if you want to watch it.Give it, and the developers time to round it up to at least a Beta design first. But its not there, not yet."
76561198132957050,Recommended,305960,31281916,Posted: 21 April,all,Thorinll,"Finally the developers are starting to show some interest in the game, for a long time it looked as if the game is dead, but now with the regular updates it seems like it's going towards a good place and there might be a game in the end, I'm currently glad to give this my recommendation, not because it's a good play at the time being, but because I believe the game is capable with it's current pace to become playable.I sure hope that when I'll come back and write a new review on the game it will be because it's playable and enjoyable and not because it's a waste of money and time.Good job, keep the good work."
76561198105526500,Recommended,305960,20267356,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,The Blair,"Well I have to say that this game is extremely early access.If you want a better play experiance get the EA beta one. although the stable version is easier to control the dragon in ways.It takes a little while to get used to.I haven't found a lair yet or any other dragons.Houses are fun to burn down.The graphics need more work but the soundtrack thats implemented is just amazing, really good job done on it.The game desricption tells you all that you need to know about the game. There is basic flight and combat abilities.I can't seem to press c to see my character.The deer spawn rates are insane lol.However, despite all the bugs and issues and various improvments needed I will continue to help support this game. Why? because I can see a lot potential in this and I would love for there to be an excellant dragon game on steam. As long as the dev keeps updating and improving the game then this review will stay positive.Honestly this game is under development. buy it, support it and maybe it'll become great."
,Recommended,305960,21779470,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Dryheat4u,"I will update this review with each successive update to the game.If you find this review unhelpful, tell me why and I will try to fix it.Revised 7-8-2016Overview:It is evident from the blog and other resources that the focus right now is on game function and code stability, mostly under the hood stuff, the kind of stuff that matters much more than how pretty it looks. Nobody gives a damn about your Corvette if there is no working engine, and nobody cares about a game with underdeveloped code. In that regard I think Red Level has its priorities straight, and in the play-through my priority at this phase in development was to look at code stability, controls, and interface. Stability and Control score a solid OK, it took me only about five minutes to figure out the basics of movement and flight and after ten was able to fly around without crashing into anything.Movement & Controll:For those thinking of buying now, the dragon maneuvers like you are flying a helicopter, gravity is irrelevant once you hit the space-bar and continues to be irrelevant after you let go, which causes you to slowly float back down to the surface. A The W key allows forward flight, with a momentum dynamic like you would logically expect. Turning is instant and mouse directed, but you will tend to drift like a Ford on ice while cornering even if your dragon faces the desired direction instantly so plan ahead. Be aware that the game does not bind the mouse to the game screen, so long turns in one direction will cause the mouse to drift off screen and will close the window when you click any mouse button.Combat:Combat is very one sided, both in terms of damage taken, and physical damage dealt since you can only swing your tail to one side or your dragon, so make sure the thing you want to kill is on that side. Fire breath is hard to aim at first so be careful using it on the ground or you will burn yourself before anything around you. Think like an airplane when using this, you want to strafe a target with fire if you can, before landing to collect it.Navigation:As of right now navigation is line of sight only, you get a look at a map sketch when you first drop in to the game but you have no mini-map in your interface so plan on getting lost. Right now having your bearings doesn't really matter since there is not all that much to do. .Quests/Tasks:The quest system did not load during my most recent playthrough and is likely being rewritten.Interface:Currently you get three small circles in the lower right had corner of the screen which tell you what powers or attacks you have. There are ""Roar"" ""Tail Swipe"" ""Bite Attack"" and ""Fire Breath"". Roar did not provide audio feedback when used, and I could not observe any notable effect to things on the surface. Tail Swipe/Fire Breath controls are functional though there are some quarks to be resolved as the game progresses. A Three button mouse is needed to use both bite and tailswing. There is a hunger readout on the bottom right which gives access to the upgrade menu which is currently in development and not working. A new menu tree is in process which looks promising.Graphics:Vast improvements to terrain and graphics quality were included in the most recent update. The framework is there for high poly models but they have not been applied yet.Sound:Mostly placeholder sounds, they have good ambient noises but the looping soundtrack can be a bit annoying. Improvements to come, but likely not until after Alpha.Secondary Effects:In shooters this would be like bullet holes where you shoot walls, or dynamic destructible vehicles. In dragon this is most notable with fire breath, where your fire can spread from one part of a building to the whole. You can burn down trees, or knock them over with your tail.Physics:Physics modeling for a dragon in flight is helicopter based, you will drift in the direction you are leaning when not using the throttle. Glide dynamics have been added, but gravity is weak for your dragon and allows for unrealastic floating, and are now fall/impact deaths for you or NPC's, but collision mapping is buggy and can cause models to drop through. The glide dynamic has improved somewhat with the most recent update, and is being dialed in progressively.AI:Villagers become hostile when you get close enough, and are harder to kill. They will always take the shortest route to you, and will stack up beneath you if you fly just right. Animals are neutral, (except for bears) but will run away if you get too close. The recent update has reduced the amound of ambient wildlife, making eating more difficult.Stability:Beta, not optimized. You will have low frame rates regardless of your system power. I maxed out at 32FPS but dropped as low as 12 at near max graphics, which did not strain my system. Pre 3-29 update I was lucky to get 12FPS max, so there is improvement. There have been a series of small un-announced updates which have improved overall stability.Glitches:A quick twenty minutes of game play did not result in any crashes or game breaking glitches. I did not get stuck in a cave, or get caught under the map. When grabbing objects you are almost guaranteed to experience a glitch known as the ""runaway rag-doll"". This glitch can happen as a result of poor collision mapping, or can occur if the engine thinks the object its grabbing is weightless and therefore has no inertia. You get an explosion of flailing limbs that can be distracting, but that’s about it.Another prominent glitch occurs when two animated objects collide on uneven or akward terrain, resulting in one or both objects being thrown violently out of map or straight into the air. This glitch occurs in nearly every game in development, and was made popular by Skyrim's ""hammer spike"" in which being killed by an overhead swing from a giant launched your character straight up into the air. You will see this in Dragon if you land directly on a live deer or wolf. Sometimes the both of you are thrown, or sometimes only one of you. This is more likely to happen on hillsides or in rocky terrain. It also happens if you tail swing a sheep, deer, or wolf into another object without killing them, resulting in a violent but non lethal vertical launch.Developer:Red Level Games as an upstart has an opportunity to fill the general void left by developers like Bungie, EA, and even Microsoft. All of these companies have had rather lackluster recent releases that have underperformed in some way, they have become victims of their own success and now sell titles based on their franchise hype.Red Level Games has all the attributes of a good developer, they:1. Operate an independent website that isn't an eyesore, and was reasonably easy to navigate.2. Have an easy ""contact us"" section which allows anyone to email them directly.3. Post blog updates to their website and Steam (recently on a monthly basis)4. Allow the community to contribute to game mechanics where applicable.5. Are honest and forward in their efforts.6. Clearly communicate update goals and priorities.Dragon: The Game has great potential, especially if it allows the community to generate content and assist in building the product. They have already partly done so by releasing a model dragon skeleton for hobbyist animators to play with, and to potentially contribute to animation in game. They appear dedicated, and work in a fantasy niche that nobody has attempted to fill until now. For that reason, and the ones listed above, I can recommend this title to anyone who wants to support beta development. This means that you are willing to play a partally functional game and be a good sport about it untill things get fixed."
,Not Recommended,305960,22948793,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,KeineGnade,"I am happy to say that they at least made progress. They started a Kickstarter for the game a while back and got quite a bit of funding for the game now which I hope they put to good use and fully flesh out the game.The developers are rather nice and I see them speak to the community and are now regularly updating.Graphics are that of the ps2 Era and at this point with the issues of optimization a simplistic look and/or voxel art style might have done the game wellMechanics such as leveling are finally working although all of them are not implemented.The first task of claiming a hunting ground is perplexing. I am unsure how one accomplishes this and so intend I flew around burning homes and creatures.The combat is lackluster. As a dragon I feel powerful, but perhaps too powerful. I can just glide above enemy range and breath fire on them. Also, why do we as a dragon take damage from our own flames? If anything our internals can withstand the heat so why wouldn't our scaly hides do the same if not better? That should be changed in my opinion.For now I believe the developers are finally bringing the features they wanted and I hope to see further development. I recommend following this game but not necessarily buying it. For now I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,305960,34320568,Posted: 17 August,all,Mute Witness,"In the numerous years I've waited for an update to this title, they've actually removed content instead of adding it."
,Recommended,305960,22713337,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,BigBossBalrog,"I really, really, realllllllllllllyyyy wish there was neutral button. Becuase i'm rather dead locked on this. But since i'm a rather trusting guy (and I dont want the Devs chance of making this great ruined), I alas, must recomend this. BUT ONLY, with a very wary recomdation based on the game that was promised, not as it is.Simply put. the potential for this game is through the roof. And if they ever reach what they showed in the trailer, and screens, i'll be more then happy with the twenty bucks I spent on this. Just the concept is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. An open world, sanbox Dragon simulator game? Sign me the hell up! The game (despite being extremley primitive) right now is...oddly charming. Like when your wrecking villages (which are two hourse, three dudes, and a cow), makes me have a dumb, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ smile.Alas, I must get into the ""very wary"" recomend part. Simply put, the game in its state right now, is...shall we say, lacking?  As a kind word. I know this is early access. But games like the Forest, Subnauctia, The Long Dark, and Ark are early access, and they look, and feel way smoother and more polished. I dont mind jank...but this is going a little too far for my tastes. Also, the screens in the front, are borderline false advertising, so I wish the devs would remove them for somthing thats more accurate tothe build were in.  Hopefully, since the devs have just got there kickstarter money recently, they'll  improve upon the game much more in the upcoming months (hopefully...).So right now, i'll give the game a pass, simply because of it's potential, the fact it's in early access, and I want the devs to succed.Though like I said before, if you DO not want to support the devs this early, and get a...rather basic product (with alot more promised in the future) I would say lay off. Use the twenty bucks to grab Skyrim if you really want a good Dragon themed game. Or Dragons Dogma."
,Not Recommended,305960,14953934,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,hobobishop,"This game is very early access. It is difficult to navigate the menus, there is no tutorial, I have no idea how to start editing my dragon, and the controls I did figure out are really strange to me. I can't make a full heads or tails of this right now but I recommend that you wait to buy this until the game is patched up a bit. I understand this is an early access game, but the amount of problems I ran in to for the first five minutes was crazy. I didn't really want to put a like or dislike, but I cannot in my honest opinion recommend this game at this point. It is not worth the money. Maybe my mind will change later."
,Not Recommended,305960,28812513,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Aevis,"This game has potential, but unless you're willing to wait another maybe 5-10 years before development has really progressed, save your money. I bought this game nearly two years ago knowing the functionality was bad (by bad I mean it was nearly unplayable), but I was fine with it then because I absolutely loved the concept and was really excited to see what was in store. I purchased it in February of 2015.Let me start by saying the game has had some improvements since I first bought it. When I first bought it I could barely fly, the map was insanely small and I kept flying off the map and not being able to get back, the customization for dragons was also really bad, the alignment of buttons and interface elements in the game was all over the place. When I tried multiplayer back then it didn't work.Two years later, the map generates and the dragon customization is a little bit better (but there are still many issues). Flying is still a major issue in this game. When you fly for awhile, god forbid you hit something and you'll be bounced in every direction like a ping pong ball. The alignment of the interface has gotten better in some parts, but even with that I've noticed just from the main menu with the proper resolution buttons are still cut off and not lined up properly. Some buttons still don't work, which after two years of development says a lot towards where this game is heading. Multiplayer now is just a chat room. I tried it just a few minutes ago and you don't actually play with other users it just creates a chat room where you can chat. It's also really glitchy and I ended up getting stuck in the chat room and having to forcefully quit. This game really shouldn't be called multiplayer because it's not.I feel like for the amount of time I've had this game, not much has really been done with it. A lot of major bugs haven't been fixed. The dev team are releasing patches every couple months but it's a very VERY slow progression. If you want to support a game in development but have no intention of playing it for at least 5-10 years.. I'll go as far to say 20-30 years with the rate it's currently going, by all means get it. But you're going to be waiting a lonnnnggggg time before it becomes fully functional and a real game worth playing. Save your money; don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,305960,25859415,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ImmortalDragonMaster,"The idea behind this game rules! Without many updates from the developers though it's hard to guage the actual progress for this game. I've had it from day one, not much as changed since then. I'll keep checking on it from time to time but so far I don't have much hope for it getting much better than it's current state."
,Recommended,305960,21242999,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Ninaiso,"I will start off by saying the alpha as of now is pretty rough. It doesn't look like it used to. The thing is, the devs recently rebuilt this game on a new system from the ground up. So it is completley different in terms of looks and gameplay now at the time of writing this review.But I will say that even though the graphics aren't great and the gameplay has quite a few bugs, this game will go far. I already have a good amount of fun flying around eating animals and villagers, picking up pigs and dropping them to the ground, and burning down anything remotley flammable. Tail-whacking wolves off their feet is pretty fun too. It's a fun game to play if you want to run around as a dragon for a bit.I'm giving this a thumbs up because I believe in this game and where it will go. For the usual gamer, I'd recommend purchasing this alpha only if you'd like to support the development of it and stand with the game as it grows over time. It's going to grow into something truly spectacular, I promise you."
,Not Recommended,305960,30862030,Posted: 31 March,all,GodSmite,"It's a scam. Are we really suppossed to believe that with all the funding that the early game excuse will pass at this point? The lack of communication is shady, we had to pay 15 dollars right off the bat without knowing what the end result was and you had the audacity after many hopeful people bought the thing to start a kickstarter for 30,000 dollars. You could have easily released a free test drive and worked on the game until it was finished, adding updates and listening to the community as you went along developing it, then when finished and start selling the final product based on how much you managed to get done and how many promised features you added. The thing crashes frequently, the interface is atrocious and a 10 year old could have designed a better interface. The save character feature that you say you implemented doesn't work. The programming is sloppy and the dragon model is ugly even with the 'new dragon models coming soon' thing that has been up in the corner as an advertisement for god knows how many months. It's infuriating how much of a scam this is and I want my damn money back. If this thing shows legitimate progress as a good game in the future I will buy it but my patience is finished and I am tired of the excuses."
76561198259632022,Not Recommended,305960,25928579,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Abaddon4609,"This is an epic game, however i have a few issues that cause me to dislike this game.1: I reload the game and im stuck beneth the map and being shot by a small orb, killing me before i even load entirely into the game.2: Some hunters will still shoot at me even after ive eaten them, which also kills me.3: I cant reset my dragons stats, and the file i was directed to doesnt exist.-Thank you for reading"
,Not Recommended,305960,28192992,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Bifrost,"This ""game"" has been getting worse and worse.  When it was just a tech demo, it was actually kind of fun.  Functionality has just plummeted since then.  There is zero fun to be had - literally the game will now crash on startup for me now, even with a fresh install.  It's been in EA for years and is going nowhere, slowly.  Very slowly.  Don't bother.It's a shame, because as a concept this is AWESOME!"
,Recommended,305960,13795288,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Crusader,"Note:Please realize I am not recommending this game based on its current state. If you're thinking about buying this because you want a complete title that is playable right now, I suggest you look elsewhere - though the whole reason I recommend purchasing Dragon: The Game in its current state is so it is pushed towards completion.That being said, let's be truthful: In its current state, Dragon: The Game is unplayable. It isliterallyunplayable. There is nothing to do but fly around, and even that is tough given the clunky controls and the nonsensical camera. And then there are the bugs. Oh god, if you want the grandest example of how laughable Dragon is in its current state, I suggest you try crashing your dragon into the ground a few times and trying to fly afterwards. Seriously. You'll be flying up when your dragon is upside down, and you'll be flying forward when your dragon is trying his damnest to crash into the ground again. Once again, Dragon is not really playable in its current state. It's super early alpha, maybe not even that.However, guys, we have to support this cause. This is a game where you can become what you've always wanted to become. What? No, not a gynecologist. A DRAGON! If this developer keeps his promises and delivers a full and complete Dragon: The Game, we will be able to do just that. That is why I recommend a purchase of Dragon: The Game. If you have money to spare, but nothing else to spend it on... help Dragon: The Game get some wind under its wings. Please?"
,Not Recommended,305960,21236959,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,cypiea,"After a year of having this Early Access game, I have seen no improvements and have not been able to play it more than a few minutes. The controls are very clunky and buggy for me. The concept is nice, but I don't see the developers being able to turn it into what they've promised."
,Recommended,305960,13247450,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dragonhead Gaming,"I am going to recommend the game with the caveat that it is understood in it's current state, it is nothing more than a dragon flight simulator with some issues. I am recommending it on the fact that I like the concept and where they plan on taking the game. I will be keeping a close eye on this one."
,Recommended,305960,13129172,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ravq ♥,"Game have a huge potential for future :) So far not judging it but made a video, just goofing around with commntary, it is not a review :Phttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iR5af7m-paE"
,Not Recommended,305960,34653035,Posted: 31 August,all,KageSora,"Honestly they've removed content rather than added it.  Don't bother with it--it's completely unplayable and isn't even an alpha, it's a vague idea at this point.  I'm all for supporting early access, but this is kinda ridiculous at this point."
,Not Recommended,305960,34372477,Posted: 20 August,all,Deven,"Firstly this is an early access review so take what I say with a pinch of salt, so anyway on with what I think about the gameIts complete rubbish, the game was made recently and it looks like it was made in 2001, I was expecting a detailed world like ARK: Survival Evolved but what I got was something like battle simulatorThe dragon models are completely crap aswell, I know what they took inspiration from and that was the bearded dragon... if the game devs see this there is a reason why mythical dragons dont look like my pet bearded dragon, its cause a PROPER dragon looks a million times better, but if you ever wondered what a bearded dragon would look like breathing fire, this is the game for youThe flight mechanics are complete garbage too, there is no momentum in the air so it wakes you half an hour to get from point A to point B, also the flight is very manual again i wanted something like ARK: Survival Evolved Wyverns where the dragon stays in the air once you start flying, in this you need to hold down the button and even if you do you will not be able to change direction while in the air, you can only spin about as you fall back to earth...So to finish up I do not recommend this, it even got a kickstarter which suceeded and its still at this stage so not worth any further support if this is all of the effort they are going to put into this"
76561198099253174,Not Recommended,305960,33916445,Posted: 30 July,all,Morsictus | Irisveil,"You'd think this game would have potential, but this game is still awful and has gotten nowhere in its span of 3 years. They didn't do a thing with the graphics, didn't do a thing to improve the gameplay (or rather they tried yet horribly failed anyway), tried working with the physics and failed, changed the FX and they're still poo, and left us with an underdeveloped game that shouldn't even be on Steam in its current state. The price for this game is ridiculous in its current state. It's worth less than 2 dollars in my opinion. Why spend 17.99 on a game that hasn't obtained any major improvement in 3 years when you can get a full game for the same price? It was unwise to put this game on Steam this early when it barely had any framework to begin with. You literally have nothing to do but derp out trying to fly or do anything in a late 1990's graphical disaster. You'd think with how much money they ""earned"" that they'd actually make the game playable in the least.Pros:Fly completely sideways when trying to simply turn as a poorly modeled dragonEnjoy a baren map with stupid AITry to breathe fire with a stiff neckNot addictive whatsoeverDoesn't take more than 2 hours of your life to uninstall"
76561198218364041,Not Recommended,305960,29533162,Posted: 27 January,all,theonlycheshire,"I've been waiting at least a year for some decent updates from the dev, which appear as if it's never gonna happen.  If it does I will be pleasently surprised, but for now no."
76561198064558690,Recommended,305960,19934621,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Odahviing,"I really wish steam had a netural button. On one hand I want to recomend this game but on the other hand there are reasons why I couldn't.I'll start with whyI would recomend this game first. Who doesn't dream about an open world RPG where you get to explore, destroy or befriend villages, hunt, build up a lair, raid for loot, take part in ever shifting politics and most importantly you play as a dragon. Now this game really has the potential to be that game someday and that is what the developers have been dreaming of. Since I got this game, I have seen it change quite a bit, but don't take this as it being anywhere near complete.Now on to bad parts. Currrently the game is very far from complete, as I said, the game does have potenntial but it still has a long, long way to go. The flying mechanics are I have to say a lot better than when I first joined (the flight and flight controls are a lot more stable, thank goodness)  and the textures whilst nowhere near good are at least less of an eyesore than the previous ones (think of Rome II's release and the shining dirt that appeared on that, that was what the previous textures were like.) but the presensce of numerous terrain bugs (floating objects E.C.T.) as well as the lack of things to do in the game in it's current state show that it is a long way from being finished.Overall I would have to say that I would recomend this game (not really in its' current state) simply because of the potential that is here and it is the potential of the game that just holds it up at the moment. If you're unsure of buying it then perhaps wait fo while for the game to become better but the trickey thing is that the potential can only  be realised through people buying into this early acess which is both the blessing and the curse of early acess.Now unlike many games that are in 'early acess' I can see that this game isn't just a anouther blatent cashgrab and that the devs really want this game to succeed and I do really see that it is possible for them to be able to pull it off which is anouther reason why I'm recomending it.Just one more thing I have to say before I end this review, a lot of people are complaining about how the game doesn't look like the videos and screenshots on the store page and how it is in such  a low stage of development compared to the time it's been out, that is because those screenshots and videos are from the previous itteration of this game which fthe devs as far as I know scrapped because they encountered a serious problem with the code, as such this is essentially a whole new game that the devs created  which is why it is in the stage of development it's in.Now taking onto consideration what I said, go ahead and make up your own mind about whether or not you want to support this game."
,Recommended,305960,14540907,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,L@ZeRg20555,"ESSENTIALS!!!This game is exactly the kind of game ALL dragon lovers will love and buy, and if urr like me, buy again, and again.However, and taking into account that the game is still in early stages of development, there are some essentials that need to be worked on.As a guy who has played almost all flight simulator and jetfighter games over the last decade or so, it is apparent to me that this game needs  a fresh new flight control and camera control system. A crash system for going too fast would also be a lovely touch. Anyway, these essentials will determine ease of player controls, comfort , and adaptation.  Not much else to say about this game other than it is gonna be biblical, and i genuinely think we're witnessing the making of dragon game genre history on this one. Don't let us down :D"
76561198071345185,Not Recommended,305960,32286356,Posted: 9 June,all,Night Razar The Kirin,"Terrible to be honest, the game's controlls needs more work before you have it out tbh, and the graphics, if its been out for 2 years, you'd think atleast the controls would be good. So that is the main reason why im giving it a negative review"
76561198071942797,Recommended,305960,13944818,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Tempest,"--- DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE BIG BLUE THUMB! ---This game is still a huge work in progress, I'm even going to go as far to say that it isn't even a game in its current state. But what this game does have is promise, I can picture it becoming something very interesting and very fun to play, as long as the devs DO NOT ABANDON IT! (Hint hint) If they stay focused on buffing out the bugs and completing the world, this game will be a success. If it were not for me thinking into the future, I would NOT recommend this game.Buy this game only to support the devsthere isn't much of another reason to buy it in this state."
,Recommended,305960,13719977,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Momba,"I do recomend this game to people who like helping out with beta games or early access games.The games base is awesome and the graphics are pretty good in my opinion. I have a few suggestions.-The age of your dragon should affect its size. for example: a baby dragon should have a smal body, baby like eyes, and small wings that don't allow them to fly that easily or that far.-The dragons should grow over time so that if you make a baby dragon, you won't be stuck a baby forever. (and don't make the ancient dragons die unless the user deletes them.)-You should start out with only 6 skill points instead of 8 so that you don't go overboard with your skills.-To go along with your villlages and castles, you should add towns and cities. (Kind of like skyrim, I know that.)-The giants should not stay in one place, but move to other places in groups.-The dragons should be able to use their right click move to be able to build caves, or dens, to live in. The caves/dens should be as big as your dragon can dig (or as large as the user feels ok) and at the end of their building, they should be able to choose what type of den it is. for example: you could have a den with water surrounding the nest if you feel you want to be a ""water dragon""-You should add different types of dragons: Water dragons, lava dragons, ect.-You should be able to drink water to restore your mana or health.-You should allow dragons to mate with each other and share dens. (i don't think there should be eggs though.)-Instead of there only being mountains, there should also be desserts, forests, oceans, islands, and other land masses like that.Those are just my opinions, so you may not like them. Now, to the review part if i haven't bored the reader already. :D-The dragons flying movements and speeds are perfect so far.-The realism with the villagers is spot on, and the cows are so cute that I haven't killed a single one so far.-It is fun to burn down villages, although my favorite part is eating the giblets of humans, wolves, giants, and goblins once they are dead.-The mountains are cool, and are really fun to glide off of as you burn down a village.Thank you for this game and I really hope you don't give up on it. Even at this stage I feel the game will be absolutely perfect (with some minor tweaks).~UPDATE~ From watching the video and seeing the upcoming features, I have to admit this game is better than I had imagined it. Claiming territories is what I am most excited about so keep up the good work everyone!~UPDATE~ I can see that the developers are focused on fixing bugs and glitches, but I have an idea that I would love to see incorperated in the game as soon as possible. I think the game should be a little more fantasy focused. I believe that maybe you should make the dragons able to improve their atributes as they use it more. For example, if you always attack with fire, maybe the more you use fire, the more your dragon becomes one with it. In fairytail (an anime), Natsu called a dragon made up of flames his grandpa. I believe that if you use fire for at least 3/4 of your attacking, your dragon should be able to be ingulfed in flames, and you should be able to change the color of said flames. I also think that early in the game, prefferably while in dragon customization, you should be able to choose what you want your dragons element to be focused on. Like, in fairytail, there were wind dragons, water dragons, electric dragons, shadow dragon, light dragons, etc. that used their element in their breath attacks. I believe that should be done, and like the fire dragon, if they use their breath attacks 3/4 of the time in combat, then they should be their element (light, shadows, iron) in the shape of a dragon. I also believe that you should add other attacks such as a wing attack, some sort of tail attack, and more like it. Also, just like the breath attack, if say they use their claws 3/4 of the time in combat then they should be surrounded in spikes/quills that will do damage if one chooses to touch them, but the spikes/quills can be retracted with the key they choose in a keybinding menu. I believe that you should allow people to choose whether they want to be a human or a dragon in multiplayer so that they can fight against eachother, and you should add a place where dragons go to mate or lay eggs, somewhere that it would take time for humans to find it if they knew it existed.I am very sorry about the long update, but I just have so many ideas for this game. I am jelous of the people that are working on it. If you want more ideas, please message me, for I have many ideas for this game, even though it is mainly focused on being a dragon. ^~^~Special shout out to my good friend RageBerry for always being there.~"
76561198075057791,Recommended,305960,13215641,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Chaptor,"After putting more thought into this review, I would say I'm a bit uncertain. Although the game lacks some major features, it's unfair to be harsh on it, since it's in a very early stage. I mean I bought the game for a reason. To contribute to the developer and make sure, this actually awesome idea for a game, comes true."
76561197973989915,Not Recommended,305960,21028747,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,schak,"Wouldn't recommend this to anyone yet. It's a good concept, but still very obviously early in development. Mouse cursor is in desperate need of addressing. Playing on a multiple display setup is impossible because the cursor inevitably moves out of the window."
76561198046132176,Not Recommended,305960,17978505,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Aquamarine,There has been no improvement whatsoever and i cannot reccomend this pile of dragon dung to anyone unless the devs get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. P.S.the game runs horridly so even if your pc runs on the souls of the damned do not buy this.
,Not Recommended,305960,24755418,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Rawr the Dragon,Game page's screenshots include 11 commissions of dragons you CAN'T find in game.These commissions are likely traditional range and have a price point for about $35 USD.This is why I love early access sometimes
,Not Recommended,305960,26683356,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Mad Hatter,"the more it ""patches"" the worse it gets. I wish they would offer a roll back to the build where there were actual flight physics and playable framerates"
76561198042561011,Not Recommended,305960,30894172,Posted: 1 April,all,Vahriin Vahlok,"I like the idea, but it is very poorly done.PROS:1) your playing as a dragonthats about it....CONS:1) game runs VERY poorly even on top of the line machines, nearly impossible to run above 'fast' at even a half decent FPS. *Fixed*2) VERY little game content, basicaly Hunt, Eat, Grow, Repeat. (may be more but after 1.5 hours of trying to do the first two quests I got tired of it)3) had several instances of hard crashes for no apparent reason, usualy while flying. *Fixed*4) Flying is clumsy and awkward. (feels like it was designed for controler then mouse and keyboard)5) the bite attack is not bound to the proper hotkey, should be left mouse but is right mouse instead with no way to fix it without going into the game files.6) good luck finding a town, spent about 45 mins and two crashes trying to find one to finish the first quest. *unable to test after patch*7) Spent more time flying trying to find ANYTHING to hunt, and when I do find somthing it usualy glitchs out and dissapears when I kill it.8) No way to do custom keybinds or change graphics settings after start up.9) UI need work but it's not the biggest problem with this game.10) the models and animations could use an overhaul.At this point I would NOT recommend this game in its current state for even $5 let alone $18.I won't say it's a dead game yet but it's starting to give me that impression with it's current rate of development or lack thereof.(I.E. no major changes or fixes in almost 6 months)EDIT 9/25/2017TL:DR Hard crash and FPS issues fixed, But the fix introduced another bug that renders it nearly unplayable even for an alpha (I.E. load in, find food, reload when aproching said food) and the custom upgrade system (not sure what the proper name is) seames to have broken. the remaining issues I mentioned above either persist or I was unable to test. would like to be able to rebind keys but can wait for Beta release.Overall feels like early alpha, has potintal as a dragon sim but has several gamebraking bugs that need to be fixed before Beta release. As of right now DO NOT buy if you want a polished/feature complete game, if you want to help find bugs, untill the reload issue is fixed it will be difficult to do.The game still has issues, the devs have continued to work on it but several issues remain, the game no longer hard crashes and the FPS issue had been resolved with the reduced map size, now playing on the highest setting with no issue, but now has an issue of sending you back to the start position when you move about half way across the map cell after a loading screen. While I have not tested this beyond 30-45 mins of gameplay I suspect this is a issue with the transiton boundries of the cell not lining up correctly. This also presents and issue as most creatures are found on the other side of this boundry, rendering the first hunt quest unreasonably difficult to do. Flight controls still feel unnatural, this is mainly do to not being able to glide and results in a rather unrealistic/counterintuitive feel when using it. As for the map design itself, in that 30-45 mins I played, half of which I think I spent looking at a loading screen, I saw no noticable change the the terrain itself besides tree and Creature placement."
76561198075736702,Recommended,305960,17327744,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,The Dragons Fear (Comp Broke),Once again you amaze me with your progress in too such a amazing game. In less then 6 months of me owning this you have made so many changes and improvements that i would buy ur game a 2nd time for no reason! However i would gladly apprectiate it if you add a home customizer. A place for where a dragon could live and store his loot. Keep it up!
,Not Recommended,305960,12865944,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Arctiq,"As of alpha, I cannot reccomend this game to anyone. This game right now has no features in it (there isn't even any sound). And that is the mindset I had when I played it. I only bought it because I love the idea of the game and I want to support the developers."
76561198038759467,Recommended,305960,12929160,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,CronicDemise,"Do Not Buy For Now Unless You Are Willing to Invest in the Developers and Help Report BugsThe game is in its alpha. So, as it stands, it is buggy and there is not much to do. With what I see in the menues as potential and what the devs have said countless times in their own forum posts or others posts in regards to the future of the game, I have high hopes. The concept is solid and has me sold on what this game can be."
76561198102783019,Not Recommended,305960,12868132,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,OneMonkey,"Neat concept, but as it is this game is unplayable as of 11/9/14. I hope it gets fixed but until then avoid it."
76561197992369825,Not Recommended,305960,34092432,Posted: 7 August,all,Renyn,"I really wanted to like this game, like I'm sure a lot of people do. But I have never played something worse. It is hard to believe it has been in early access this long. It is a crying shame that good concepts are so horribly butchered. I hope the devs of this game manage to pull themselves together and make it better. Until then, this is not recommendable. It's not just bad, and the devs generously say it is buggy and bad. Their warning in mind, this barely works as a proof of concept. While the ideas behind it seem quite good, the execution is beyond miserable. Please make this game good some day."
76561198116451075,Not Recommended,305960,34308554,Posted: 17 August,all,damondoherty37,Had this game a YEAR NOW not much has changed cant really get to grips with it i noticesd if you try to load the game at the fastest graphics it crashes it seemed to have great potential but seems a bit stagnant now
,Not Recommended,305960,21336833,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Armitage,"Just horrible. Terrible controls, awful graphics. Typical ametuer hour unity game that doesn't disable your mouse, so you're constantly fighting to keep it inside your game screen if you have multiple monitors or play in windowed mode. Lacks basics like mouse sensitivity settings and audio settings. Just garbage. No idea how anyone can give this game a positive review.There's absolutely no redeeming qualities to this game."
76561198051483540,Not Recommended,305960,30131740,Posted: 23 February,all,DR Autismo,"New update, time to re-visit this product.Thursday, feb 23, 2017Still broken, the FPS has horrible drops, perhaps my specs are too low?OH WAIT...I have a GTX1080 and a I7-6700 @ 3.40GHz cpu and I still cant run this game at max at a CINEMATIC 30 fps.New Models look bad, almost as bad as the old models, same goes for the new textures.The game is literally unplayable for me.Im sad to say that this game isn't going anywhere anytime soon. The Devs ARE TRYING but ""trying"" isn't enough in a competitive game marketplace, you cant just ""try"" you need to deliver on your promises!Want a good indie game? Buy ""Don't Starve"" that will actually be worth your money."
,Not Recommended,305960,16404839,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mothull Ember-Heart,"First off, I would just like to address that as the indicator states above, THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS REVIEW, and will be assessed as such.Dragon: The Game has great potential, great conceptualization and fantastic ambition. The idea behind an open world MMORPG/RPG that puts you in the position of being one of several fully customizable dragonkin is an amazing push towards online gameplay and single player experiences alike. Putting you at the helm of fully designing, developing and modifying your dragon-sona is something that hasn't been seen in the field.However, the development team is relatively slow compared to similar major Early Access games such as StarBound or The Long Dark, and more importantly, THE PRICE FOR THE EARLY ACCESS IS RIDICULOUS. Yes, it's wonderful to contribute to new developers, as the gaming field is a large and quickly growing industry that should be open to anyone who so wishes to explore it, but $17.99 for a game that is currently unplayable is not appropriate.That said, it's hard to see why such a basic game in this current stage is suffering from such a dramatically poor run-state. As you will see in other reviews, along with my own input, you really do need a near top-of-the-line operating system. Don't be fooled by the pretty commonplace system requirements - I apologize for not being able to tell you exactly why it doesn't run, but the performance, even at literally bare minimum skeletal optimizations, runs at about 8 fps at best on your average to decent gaming computer or laptop.However, I still am very excited to see the completion of the game. I am hoping that this problem array be addressed so that the game doesn't get criticized and ridiculed, but rather fixed and allowed to live up to its full potential. I still support this game, but cannot recommend it at this point in time. I do however, recommend that you keep up with this game!"
,Not Recommended,305960,30653478,Posted: 21 March,all,Xargock,"So, I'm honestly not sure how quickly development has been happening on this game, but it's been around for a fair while, and it still seems like a pretty unplayable mess. Would not recommend at the current time. Will update when I can change that recommendation. Really hoping this isn't one of those alpha games that never turns into a product, because it's a neat premise."
,Not Recommended,305960,29451480,Posted: 23 January,all,Hell Raven,"It's never gonna get finished, save your money."
76561198046751963,Recommended,305960,16453968,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kosher Pork,"At this point the game is mainly an investment as there is not much to do. I believe it has alot of potential and I do not regret my purchase. Development has been very slow, but the game still gets updated. The staff are very active in the community and theres no lack of communication.The game has been getting updated more frequently lately since the devs upgraded the engine, and you no longer need to switch to the beta to see the new features.Once again, the game is still an investment. However its slowly but surely looking more and more promising."
,Recommended,305960,20880076,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Frooté,This game is very good for early access. The devs have not abandoned the game they just update it slowly. I got it in beta and now it has more RPG elements. The devs are doing great!
76561198176967285,Not Recommended,305960,29638974,Posted: 1 February,all,b.tovey,OMG how did this get on steam as is it is not a game but a wast of money love the idea of the game i just can't play it the way it is now (don't buy unless you want to give them money for nothing)
,Recommended,305960,14774301,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,TharCoser12,Dragon The game is a fantastic game. the idea of this game is brilliantThis is still an early access game so expect some glitches and bugs.But who cares if there are a lot of glitches and bugs in this game i mean as long as you are being a Dragon. which is awesome and fantastic.This game shows a lot of promises and can be one of the greatest game about dragon of all time.I expect great things from the developer so this game can be one of the greatest game about dragon.I recommend this game to all of you who loves dragon and wanted to be a dragons in real life.it's like dragon simulator.10/10 for awesomeness
76561198079594711,Not Recommended,305960,12847929,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Andika,...and then I bought that spotted dragon egg from some ragged old toothless merchant who promised mighty dragons and left the scene hastily once my golden coins where in his paws. I waited and waited and waited for the dragon to hatch but that damn bloody egg wouldn't even consider cracking or anything. :( Now here I am playing another computer game because waiting for a buggy dragon egg to hatch is boring as hell.This is way tooo early access.
76561198026432447,Not Recommended,305960,18048712,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,jdeiley,"I love the concept of this game.  It sounds fantastic and is exactly the kind of game I would love to get lost in for hours on end.  However, i get the impression that this game is going nowhere.When I purchased the game and ran it for the first time I was severely disappointed.  Trying to create a dragon resulting in constant crashes that were resolved by me just accepting the default dragon that appears when you first run the game.  I flew this dragon about and was amazed at how sloppy and almost useless the controls were.  Perhaps I chose a drunk dragon, or, worse yet, the one addicted to some really severe illegal drugs.  In any case, I got nowhere fast and, due to even more crashes, ended up not playing.Now, I fully realize that this is an early access game.  That being said, I decided to wait a couple months and try the game again.  During my absence I thought that some progress would be made by the devs and that I'd finally get in some play time.  This was not the case.  After two months of waiting I still could not log into the game, create a dragon, and play for 5 minutes without crashing.  So, I shelved the game again.It has now been several months (at least 6 or more) since I've tried this game.  I am in the process of downloading it again to see if any progress has been made toward my getting a somewhat playable product that I chose to support.  If I find that the game is indeed playable somewhat, I will let you know my findings.  If not, then heed this warning:This game is not playable.  Yes, I only have half an hour play time invested in the game according to steam.  Well, that is a half hour time that I was actually in the game and able to play between crashes.  Honestly, I've given this game at least 2 full days of play time trying to work around bugs, crashes, lock ups, and several other problems that plague the game.My system:intell I5 running at 3.4 ghz, 16 gigs of ram, and a geforce GTX 560 TI with 1 gig of dedicated video ram.My frame rate: less than 10 fps if you can get the game to run stable enough to measure the fps"
,Recommended,305960,13061293,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,NobleNectar,"Lovely game. Though it is obvious early development the potential is all there. Just the idea of, rather than being the brave knight that goes off and slays the dragon, but being the dragon who terrorizes, demolishes, and captures towns was very intriguing to me. Just the flight mechanics in general I am in love with. Though they may be a little buggy. But hey, that’s what early access is for. If you can’t fork out the money to buy this game at the moment I do suggest keeping an eye on it for the future."
,Recommended,305960,16430929,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,damwab,"Look, this game is kind of not really playable. At this state it's just: fly around and breath some fire at structures because you can, kill some people or animals to eat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them and fly away again. But why in the god of sakes do i recommend it than? Because all the ideas that are brought up from the developers are just so great that i believe this might be one of the best games out there that is going to give you the possibilities of being a dragon and do what dragons do!I'm gonna give u some Pro's and Cons so that you can get a bit of a idea,Pro's:You can be a freakin DragonThe ideas are really goodThese developers are going to actually listen to you about what is going on and some possible ideasAnd it has Customization!Cons:The camera placement at the moment is really annoying (stuck in one place)The specs as i read are a bit high, what i mean is low spec pc's or laptop's will run the game on 5 Frames Per Second (also at the moment, they are fixing it)The graphics? well, meh. (since this is a Alpha of an Alpha i kind of get it though)Has as all Alpha's have: Much bugsI don't think you should buy this game yet if you expect the game to be in a really good condition. But still, the developers are actually busy doing stuff for us and for the second time: the ideas are just really good!That was it for now, if you plan to buy and actually want to screw around in the world then consider adding me :)"
76561198017020689,Recommended,305960,19947267,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Grim Darknight,I think the controls for this game needs a bit more work.Other than that I think the concept is great.
,Recommended,305960,12845799,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Ciradis,"i'll eat a pile of shoes if this game somehow manages to not be good after it's finished, the flying is already extremely fun"
,Recommended,305960,14792501,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,DragonInASuit,"I LOVE THIS! I think the creators of this game are on to something...Anyway, it's cool and all, but I wish there was a little more. Like, in dragon creation, you should choose if you'd like to even have horns. And if you could be a wyvern, that would be AWESOME! I, personally, think that wyvern dragons are the best dragons, because of Smaug.The camera is a littla wierd as well. I think that, on the ground, you should be able to look up and down, with out pressing the camera button, that's just my opinion.I also think it would be cool if the enemies and villigers turned into ragdolls when killed, then you could loot their bodies for gold coins, weapons and armor, and all the stuff you got off their bodies would go to your hoard. The more stuff you have, the badder dragon you are. And then after looting the bodies, you just eat them right then and there.These are just a few ideas that would make this awesome game, AWESOMER! If that's even a word, which it is now! TO THE CREATORS OF DAGON: PLEASE TRY TO IMPLEMENT THESE IDEAS INTO THE GAME! IT WOULD BE SOOO AWESOME IF YOU DID!"
,Not Recommended,305960,13098226,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Gammeldags,"While it is still Early Access,the game still can change a lot to be better as of now.While it is fun flying around, at the current state, I do not recomend this game to anyone,who has experienced Motion sickness in any game before. I myself had little problem with it before, this game however forced me to take a break rather fast, after I started from the side of a hill....I strongly recommend to wait for a later version where the dragon does not  fly with one wing touching the ground and one reaching into the sky after launching from an area that enables you to do exactly that.I hope this will be fixed. but of now it is a no go.--------------------------------While this problem was kind of fixed by setting the horizontal allignment as constant, it still can be bugged by doing some flight stunts.I just hope this is a temporary fix and the devs are really gonna think about how they will set the ""phasechange"" from standing/walking to flying (something that is really needed)The change they did with that so far is not a good permanent solution and not even a waypoint to it...While the change gives a sign that they are still working, I have to wonder about those methods..."
76561198069573806,Recommended,305960,25217310,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nemesis Bosseret,"Ive been watching progress of this game over the past 6 months,   All the negative reviews it is recieveing is from people expecting a game by now not realizing this is a single developer  with maybe a few guys helping him out.   It has made progress since i payed for the game and now there is a new section of the map opened up.   Some mechanics are broken and some features need help but the developer is working on them.    If ur going to pay for this game or looking at buying it... Look at it like you look at a game like star citizen... Ur paying the developer telling him to keep up the work showing an interest in the product."
,Recommended,305960,22126707,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Captain Obieso,"I only played like 10 seconds of this game before it crashed on me (using a mac book pro) but already I am having a great time with it. Not because it's great, in fact it's in early access and it shows, but because i'm a F*%king DRAGON! the simple fact that these beautiful people at Red Level are even trying to make this game brings me all sorts of jollys. I do recomend this game even with all of it's faults. I do this because I have been watching it for years now and it seems to realy be picking up some momentum. (In comparison to the slower than snail dung pace of the before times) I also don't agree with the assumption that you should automaticaly give a game a thumbs down just because it's not finished, it is in early access after all and reveiws do have an effect on peoples buying habits as well as the moral of the developers. I for one want to see this game reach it's fullest potential and for it to do so it needs our support.There is a kickstarter out there if you are interested and dont want to buy an unfinished game, but then why not just buy the game when it's on sale and reap all the free updates? if this game lives up to half of what Red Level is bravley, if a bit brazenly, trying to accomplish then it will be more than worth $60. As of my writing this you can get the game for $15. it's a bit much for an early access game and i dont recomend this game to anyone who is spending their only game money till payday to try and tide themselves over. But if you are looking to get in on the ground level of some pretty fantastic shiz this game is a go.For my final and most important point: Because dragons.P.S. i will be writing more reveiws of this game as i play it more and as updates come out.Update:I have now owned and played this game for a while and there was a patch recently that fixed a lot of the baisic bugs. Every month there is a new patch and every month this game looks a little bit more like what it is supposed to be. This game is not a simple indie project and honestly it would take a AAA game company ten years to develop something on the scale of what Dragon: the game is promising. Anyone who thinks this game should be even close to finished after two or three years has no idea what it takes to build a game.Some people will fire back that the developers should not have released the game in early access at this stage. I disagree, Red Level is a brand new developer with very few recources and they are tackling an immense project while having to maintain their lives. Puting this game out in early access is a way to generate revenue and allow those who are interested in this type of game to check out what Red Level has done so far as well as get involved with the development process.Giving this game a bad reveiw because it is unfinished is like being upset that you got fish from a fish market. It is still in its very early stages of development and as i said before it shows. however early access is not for people who want a finished game.In the end:Buy this game if you love dragons and like to watch as a game grows from idea to fully realized universe.Dont buy this game if you are impatient and want a finished game."
76561198001580615,Recommended,305960,12836257,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Skov,"Alright, so as the game Devs. state DO NOT buy this game yet if you are expecting a completed and polished game. Its in extremly early alpha, and the only things implemented in the game is vague customization of your dragon, a small map where you can fly around, burn a few houses and perhaps kill a villager or 2. Its very very rough, but Duh, its an alpha! Only buy this game if you want to support a truly awesome concept that can turn into an amazing game. But you gotta be patient, there is a looong way to go :)"
76561198156499216,Not Recommended,305960,24947402,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,acerduh2,"I bought this game on December 1st 2014, and have not seen any improvement from when i got the game, if anything it feels worse. When it first came out there was very little content but I could fight goblins, destroy buildings, and eat humans and cattle, the flight controls were hard but i managed to fly around and explore the terrain. Now it is utterly broken, the controls are just as hard, the game lags everytime you move the mouse, which makes hunting and fighting impossible. The buildings seem to be indestructable now as i fly right through them, i couldn't kill two humans as the dragon couldn't be aimed to hit them with fire and the ground movement makes biting or tail striking extremely dificult. Also when I first purchased the game any time you killed something you could press E and the dead creature would disappear leaving peices of meat you could eat, it was fun to chase down the parts, now you have to hold the E key for at least twenty seconds for your dragon to consume the creature, for next to nothing as a reward. During this time you cannot let go of the key or move without having to restart the process. I have witnessed a game go backwards through the development process. It was not worth the money i spent on it."
76561198048124678,Not Recommended,305960,35050686,Posted: 18 September,all,BerserkElf,Game still does not work at all. See posted video.
,Recommended,305960,15485430,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,beast902,great potential
76561198099600356,Recommended,305960,12936265,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,☠☣Demonid☣☠,wont let me play  10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥in its stage
,Not Recommended,305960,27769552,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,8=====D,Slow updating and boring gameplay. Just don't.
76561198131312081,Recommended,305960,13070341,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Echnick,"I bought this game in early alpha, and I am so excited to see what it will become. Of course, you should not buy this game if you don't like how buggy it is, which it obviously will be. I love being able to fly in the game, it is very nice. Dragon customization can be a little difficult when you can't even see your dragon as you're customizing it. Some suggestions would be to add more variety in the land. Wherever I go, I only see mountains. Snowy areas or jungles would be amazing.  It would also be nice to have large structures such as castles, caves, rivers, lakes. I hope I don't come off as terribly picky, but I have high hopes in this game."
76561198008388415,Not Recommended,305960,21165742,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Ameryth Valente,"I would warn people away from this game until it has actually implemented a successful feature.The game looks nothing like the video, and lacks functionality in every aspect, from movement and character creation to physics and damage.This game has quite an imaginative and entrancing concept, but is not equipped to deliver anything at all."
76561198089296870,Recommended,305960,19947488,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,AlphaGay,"If you want to be a dragon and endlessly fly around and terrorize humans: go for it.Game still needs a LOT of work, a lot. I enjoyed it just because being a dragon is cool as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Lots of bugs and confusion that needs to be fixed."
76561198089818381,Not Recommended,305960,23150225,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,The Three Eyed Raven,"The concept of Dragon the game is very fun, but concept alone does not make a viable product.  This game has been in development for a very long time and has made little progress.When you purchase an early access game you are telling a developer that you believe in their product and therefore want it to succeed.  Unfortunately this trust has been taken advantage of all too often and has led many to distrust the early access program.  I am unsure if the developers for Dragon have done so intentionally or not, but they have done so.  Infrequent updates, bugs, and many more problems riddle this game.The character creation process has changed very little in two years and it seems that anything you do to the dragon shapes and sliders and color have no effect.  Additionally no matter what color (black, red, blue, etc) dragon you choose the game will label it as a green dragon.The camera is too difficult to work with and turns what should be an exciting experience of flying over villages mountains and forests into something much more frustrating.  Your view is limited to right behind the dragon, and because it is so close it obstructs most of the viewing field.  It led to me dying several times because I had no idea that I was being attacked.Please do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,305960,12999264,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,elope80,"Well it is a really early stage game so hard to say much. But... so far it's quite week, and has a lot of bugs.I would def. wait before spending the money."
76561198312748448,Not Recommended,305960,32594031,Posted: 20 June,all,Fluffy Nibble,"Just don't. Do NOT get this game. I should have read the recommendations but went with the video. I just hope they get my refund request after only three hours of game time hoping it would improve its just ridiculous. I am sure they are trying but the game should have been marked down to like $5. Just wait, hope you see some better reviews and that they drop the cost."
76561198005757129,Not Recommended,305960,19431310,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dovahbear,"Don't give this clown another penny.I bought this game the day it was released on Steam: Nov 7th, 2014. Until today, April 1st, 2017 I had a positive review as I loved the concept and saw the developer doing the right things. That persisted for a while and I was happy to patiently wait for the game to develop and was looking forward to testing and giving feedback as updates came out. I'd say for about 6 months or so things were going as I'd expect from a small indie developer and I had no complaints.Then communication more or less stopped. Radio silence from the developer, updates far and few between. I kept the faith for a quite a while as I could see some life on rare occassion, a kickstarter campaign and some communication outside of steam. It has only gotten worse as over time though, and I can't in good consciounce prop up this dead horse any longer. Myself and others have supported this dev in good faith through EA purchase on steam and backing on Kickstarter, this title has an amazingly positive and patient community and yet for some reason this developer feels they don't owe any accountability to us.If at some point the developer decides to act like a developer and actually act like he works for and owes some kind of accountability to the people who have faithfully supported him for years, I will happily come back and change my review back to a positive one. I've been telling this guy to talk to his community for almost two years now though, so I'm not holding my breath. He has shown how little respect or appreciation he has for his supporters, we're literally not worth a couple minutes a month of his time. The forums have shown this to be the common sentiment for years, he just doesn't care.In the unlikely event the dev reads this, I'm your customer and your publisher Grant. Treat me like a person, not a wallet. Your dismissiveness to myself and the rest of your supporters has been deeply insulting. If you can't be bothered to report on the project we funded from time to time then please don't bother asking the public at large to fund a project again."
,Not Recommended,305960,15259419,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Caprica,"As of right now in it's current state I cannot honestly recommend this game. It is largely unpolished even for an early access game, and half the time you either run into bugs and glitches or the game just stops working.However, this game has big promise and a great concept behind it so if you're ok with it's current state and want to support it's development then I would suggest getting it on sale. The game has already recieved huge support and funding on kickstarter but it still has a long way to go.That being said, flying around and burning things can be quite theraputic. I will update this review as more updates come out."
76561198138010399,Not Recommended,305960,21364592,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Lordshunter,"Great concept, but has a looooooooong Way to go"
,Not Recommended,305960,24608540,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SerJosheth,"Got this game almost a year ago now. Just came back to see how it was doing. Still lacking in significant improvement. Wouldn't buy yet, but great promise if the devs pull their fingers out!!! Don't buy but one to follow!!!"
76561198103617164,Not Recommended,305960,15603856,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,The Raid Man,"A Truly fantastic concept. Maybe some day someone will be able to realize it. That day, is not today. Dragon suffers from some horrendous setbacks that even some of the shoddiest Early Access titles can't make claims to. It's glitchy, laggy, handles abysmally, has extremely poor models and animation, and worst of all has made very little progress in development. In fact, this recent update seems to have stripped several previously added ""features"" (if they may even be called such), taken away the previous, somewhat customizable dragon model, and given us a rather horrid mess. The game now lags even worse, with even more terrible flight controls and physics than before. A step back in almost every regard. Maybe, if this game can survive a year and gain some good, solid updates, it might be able to at least succeed in proposing the idea of this concept. That, of anything here, is the one thing that deserves to survive."
76561198043270509,Recommended,305960,14725075,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Golden Tico,i have wanted a game like this ever since i was a child its like a dream come true but it still Needs allot of work and i would recomend it but its still to early. i only purchased the game because i want to support the developers and hope that they make an outstanding game.
,Not Recommended,305960,21386322,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Skeldyr,After the last patch it looks even worse look at the trailer that was the version before and than look at the pictures :D
76561198052402802,Not Recommended,305960,26577219,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,zallo03,It is an awful game. The controls tend to be clunky. The view distance is ridiculously short. The world is is bland and featureless. The character creation system is poorly thought out. It delivers none of what is says. Even an early access game should be better than this. I have put in a request for a refund.The single most disapointing game in years. I've been waiting for the exact sort of game these devs promised for over a decade. Guess I won't be getting it any time soon.
,Recommended,305960,20021372,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DracoCait,"I love where this game is going. Though yes, every now and then it can be a bit iffy, other than that I think this game has a good team of active developers from what I can see. I sugest if you want a dragon RPG that you hold out the long wait for this game to be finished, but messing around and finding the bugs can be fun as well. I hope to see this game doing well in the future."
76561198006969634,Not Recommended,305960,23969941,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Motag,"Everyone likes dragons, so why not try a game where you play one?I understand that this is early access, but the control setup is literally the worst I've ever encountered in any title, ever.  The controls make attempting to play about as fun as a root canal."
,Not Recommended,305960,16126129,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,TakataCheroki,"The first thing I'm gonna say is that you can't look up or down when you're on the ground; that's a problem when your in a 3D environment. Also, the controls don't work well with a track-pad and there's no way to aim your attacks if you're not flying. Finally, the fact that there are no options for mouse sensitivity, key binds, or even sound volumes is incredibly problematic. Overall, the game in its current state is hardly worth 2 dollars, and the camera angles and controls should be fixed ASAP, not in SEVEN MONTHS FROM NOW.I really want this to be a good game, but right now it's just a pain in the neck for me. If I knew programming, I'd opt to pitch in to fix this, but all I'm good as is concept art and storyboarding at the moment."
76561197980776536,Not Recommended,305960,25845141,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Havoc,"It was a nice concept but is not a fun game to play in its current format. If I could see progress being made I'd be happy but there has been no update for several months and even before that progress was slow. The game is currently empty and boring, once you've flown around a couple of times you've basically seen and done everything there is. There are free to play games that are 100x better. Don't waste your time or money, I can't see this game ever getting out of development."
,Recommended,305960,12952056,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,I.D.E. Avarice,"Its /somewhat/ enjoyable as it is, Alpha, there are a lot of holes and errors, so its to be excpected. That said, for the 1/2 minutes it was working correctly before I had to restart, I enjoyed myself. The flying is dynamic, and i love swooping around at breakneck speed to deliver a payload of flames upon the helpless villagers. So far, ive killed a troll, and many humans, and i can say, if you have any compitance as a fighter, you should still beat them no sweat, even if you dont youll win anyway. The only real issue /I/ have so far is the camera skrews up a lot, custimization is rediculasly un-usable, and you cant save progress, chat box glitchs, and alot of stuff glitches. But its Alpha, so all these thing im sure will be handled, recently added music and its pretty cool.My two cents."
76561198105667881,Recommended,305960,17635505,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Duupe,"I was hesitant, but the devs work on it regularlyand it seems headed in the right direction."
,Not Recommended,305960,32264532,Posted: 8 June,all,New Recipeh,"My partner and I got this a while back when it was just releasing to early access. We couldn't play together at the time as multiplayer wasn't implemented but when it did finally happen it was rubbish but we thought. ""Oh it's cause it's new and we need to wait a bit for bugs to be patched."" Over a year later almost 2 and it still looks the same, UI is a bit different but not much else. One of the worst games I have played in my life. I prefer the ET game compared to this."
76561198170205310,Not Recommended,305960,21193222,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Dome515,"Okay so I know this game is in early access so I am still in high hopes that this might turn out good. BUUUUUUT, right now the game is NOT at it's full potential. Not even close. First off the second I get in the game it lags like crazy unless I have all the graphics options ALL the way down. I know it's not my computer because I have one of the best computers on sale (not to brag). Then there's the lair and landmark thing but the devs are working on it so I will leave that alone. I WILL however, address what is probably the most important aspect of the game, the dragons. Or should I say, the lack of them. From what I have seen from the game there are no dragons other than you. Regardless of where you are. From what ive seen there aren't even bad guys other than villagers (excluding the animal life) and they can get 1 hit by you. I will also leave the grabbing thing alone because that is also explained as buggy in the game and I do hope they improve on it. This game also REALLY REALLY REALLY needs an in game map. That shows the landmarks and lairs. I don't know whether or not I am going in circles or actually going somewhere half the time. There is also no tutorial, which will be a big problem for new players. Right now thought the game isn't really complex enough for a tutorial. The objectives and quest are definitely a no-go. They are too simplistic, I mean cmon! You are a DRAGON! Why do you have to eat 10 wolves here, or 5 rabbits there? The goals need to be higher. Like idk maybe have a quest be to fight a patrol of soldiers roaming the countryside. Right now though there isn't anything else to do because of all the reasons above. Then there's the multiplayer option. I tried to make it work. BUT, of course that didn't work either. It said I need a group name. No matter what I did it always said it was being used. I literally just spammed a bunch of random letters and it told me it was already used. Like seriously I just did this aoifhisacybf8uisyf87wo yvr091yu390rconusdlfumx92uf9w and it still said it was already being used. I honestly don't think enough people even play this game for a normal group name to even not be available. Then there's the lack of a sovereign (and everything else NPC wise other than villagers and these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking wolves). I know it SAYS there is one but there isn't even a castle or building other than these really fat looking huts for the villagers and piles of twigs for wolf dens. There are probably many other problems with this game I don't even know about. All of these problems I got from playing barely more than hour of this game. I mean come on! This game right now is pathetic. It's not worthy of anyone's respect or time. BUT, the game DOES have SO MUCH POTENTIAL! Potential that is sadly not being used. I can't speak for anyone else but this game is not worth 17 bucks. Right now, it's worth like 4 cents. Probably less. Actually the devs of this game should be paying US to play this game. But, I say again, I have high hopes that this game will turn out good. I also REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLY hope the devs of this game don't abandon this game. it has a lot to work on though, and the devs aren't fixing any of the problems by the looks of it and just adding more and more crap that won't work. If they are trying to fix it then the devs definitely need to think of a different job than videogame making. This game has, and I can't say this enough, A LOT OF POTENTIAL. But right now, this is an insult to the gaming society. IF they turn the game around, fix the lag and the bugs, make more buildings, make the present buildings look LESS like someone just got lazy and slapped a bunch of brown texture together and tripled it's size, actually DO the things they say they will, then my review MIGHT change. But for right now this game just wasn't worth my money. AND TO TOP IT ALL OFF the game isn't updating itself as it is supposed to. So my version of the game is permanently stuck at the 8.04 version. Which means the game itself is refusign to even leave Early Access. Even the game knows it sucks. I MAY change my tune if the creators of this game give me a FULLY updated version of the game and a version that updates ITSELF."
76561198068793442,Not Recommended,305960,32186335,Posted: 4 June,all,JackCyberKnight,"Horrible, worst game ive ever played. This game has been out for so long and it hasnt improved at all."
,Recommended,305960,15567131,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Seal Team Rick,"The game seems to have a great idea behind it and definatly has potentiol if they can nail a few things, well, a lot of things. Understandably this is in early access but ive played a lot of early access game and they've all at least been playable.-I was limited to a very small amount of the map before it dissapeared and my flight more or less stopped working, resulting in me falling endlessly.-The flight was pretty clunky to begin with, and the combat was a little hard to get my head around as the controls seem to be really small, with no tutorial.-I experianced a lot of texture glitches.-The way of sorting out my camera placment was trickey as theres no way to move the camera without moving the dragons (apart from up and down when you're on the ground) which brings me to another point if you play this.DO NOT change your camera whilst mid flight, this will mess you up really bad.-This one isn't a bug, but more of an improvment recommendation, the blood should not be blocky, and the corpses of your prey would be better off not exploding.As you might noticed ive only had 0.3 hours on record but that doesnt change the fact that ive noticed these bugs instantly, and it wasnt as simple as turn it off and back on as i did so about 5 times.As i said i think the game has a good idea behind it and if the devs can get it to there vision then we are looking at something amazing here.Im going to tick 'reccomend' because even though i had these bugs the small amount of gameplay i got from it was fun, so if they can make it so i can play more I'll definatly add more hours.I look forward to seeing how Dragon: The Game develops :D"
76561198316472535,Not Recommended,305960,31124633,Posted: 13 April,all,NeonGamer,"I would not recommend this game simply becuase of the many bugs and performance issues, it crashes every few seconds and is abandoned at a very early stage by the devs all in all this game is a failure i was hoping otherwise but no this game its just too far gone ide recommend not wasting your money on this game as theyre already having another game exzactly like it greenlighted... i mean come on man if your gonna do a game dont just dish game after game our without ever finishing it its rediculous all in all the game is horrible and the devs... i dont even think itde be a good idea to trust them from what ive heard from others theyre shady as hell."
76561198138410013,Recommended,305960,13013231,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,CommodoreWarsaw,"i'll be straight with you guys. this game has potential to be amazing. that being said, it's up to the devs to deliver.first and foremost the game is very early in its development so don't get pissy if it's buggy or feels incomplete in one way or another.that being said, on a personal level, this game is a dream come true for me. you play as a dragon and ruin things. destroy, fly, have fun. i support this game and its devs to the fullest. i'll be playing it quite often and try finding bugs and errors to report. i very much look forward to the final product"
,Recommended,305960,19846342,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ryizine,"There isn't much to do in this, but they have improved the mechanics and I can see this game going really far. You get to play as a dragon, with loads of options as to how you are to progress! If you've always wanted a dragon RPG game, I would support the developers and buy it, and just come back when it's finished! I've jumped in a few times over the past bit of time and you can tell they love this game, and it'll be amazing once they have more content thrown in."
,Recommended,305960,12909696,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Jafira Dragon,"This game has potential but in its present state still requires quite some work. It is of course early access and still in development amounting at this present time to a flight simulator. I however had fun exploring and have great hope that it will continue to improve in the coming weeks and months. The concept of playing in an open world rpg from the dragons perspective is uncommon so I purchased the game to show my support. My first impressions of the game where marred by menu glitches here and there, all of which have been discussed long before my review. (its a WIP, no problems that will last forever) As I expect by weeks end said early glitches will be forgotten history, I remain hopeful for what is yet to come. I can't wait to watch it grow and grow with it, to the developers I'm rootin for ya!"
76561198098030338,Recommended,305960,14410509,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Squidward Tennisballs,needs work alot but its fun
76561198025032082,Recommended,305960,13456429,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ChrisSparta,it's a great game. people have a wrong idea for being an early access game or yet in development. I have had the opportunity to play mods like this in other games but  hopefully good upgrades in coming next to this one. I give my thumb up for the good idea. keep it up guy.  :)
,Recommended,305960,12921578,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Hogsy Hogsy,"Well, it's still early access so don't expect much. That said, the game(at least for me) holds a lot of potential. The creation menu seems like it'll be quite interesting when it's fully developed. I'm very interested in seeing how my Dragon will grow from a young drake into an Ancient one. Or how I can ally or destroy human settlements. The gameplay may seem a bit repetitive even after it's fully released but I'm sure they'll put in new breath attacks and maybe some unique claw/tooth upgrades. In conclusion, if you're a fan of dragons you should totally wait around for this game and get it when it's released."
,Recommended,305960,12838663,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Modern Welfare,"Game has loads of potential, it's not something you're going to love playing for hours at the time because it's Early access alpha and it's pretty much broken, but it has a lot of nifty configurable options for creating your dragon, and based on what the devs plan to roll out, the game has a lot of potential. I bought it to support the develop, because I could see this going somewhere."
,Recommended,305960,12885603,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Luxwing,***REVIEW AS OF 11/11 EARLY ALPHA***You remember when at E3 they show incredibly early concepts for games like Shadow of the Colossus and it was literally just an old Ico model on a horse running by a giant squareish Bull with an angry face? Remember what a cool game that turned out to be after all the hard work?That's what I think this game is going to be. Right now it's bare as hell bones with just access to minimal customization and flying mechanics but there's a lot of proof that there is plenty more to come and that's what's keeping me here. If you don't want to just be a part of the creating process wait a while to buy it. But keep your eye on this one. I think it's going to be great.
,Not Recommended,305960,12883119,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,DragonOfThynHeart,"Can't seem to be played yet. New Game doesnt highlight no matter what I do.Get it if its on sale.. but otherwise wait till its next update I suppose.I seemed to have broken myn. I cant even create a dragon on it anymore. I had deleted one dragon, and went to create another. (because thats all I can do with it at the moment. Tho I had looked forward to flying around..) But the button was gone. And now my exit button to exit the game does not work either. Even after force quitting and rebooting. Exit still does not work."
,Recommended,305960,12835611,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,A_lazyturtle,"Very early acess.This stated I made a dragon, called him Bob, went on an adventure. Flew around, burnt down some houses, had a fun time. The game has potential-it also has a long way to go.Looking forward to see where this game goes."
76561198094164491,Not Recommended,305960,13194836,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,glenns2099,"wow so much work needs to be put into this game that it should not be on in the store at all. i like the idea but they need a quick level button that sets the view level an in game options would be nice,so a guy could look up his bottions and what they do. so far divinity 2 has the best dragon flying that i have played.and how about a lock on for attacking.or at the least an attack bar."
,Recommended,305960,13023380,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,JackMontegue,"This is exacty the game I've been waiting years to see.THIS IS AN ALPHA STAGE GAME, AND IS NOT PERFECT. What game is even perfect anyways?As of Build 0.77a, the mechanics are getting better.PROS-Flying is great and feels nice-New fire looks a ton better-Largeish open world to fly around inI won't put any cons in, but i do have some suggestions for the creator:SUGGESTIONS:-Have the camera angle controlled by the mouse, like other 3rd person games (Thinking of Just Cause 2, Batman Arkham series) . Scrolling in and out should control zoom like how it is now, but having to press the scroll button to zoom and move the camera is annoying. ==OR== Have static camera like is now, but have player hold left alt to move camera (like DayZ).-The running speed should be a little quicker, but that's just a personal preference. Seems a little sluggish as of now.-Castles.-Caves in the mountain side that player can use as lair i.e. spawn point. Multiple throughout world? Have hoard of gold inside to show off to other players, stolen from castles. Maybe a princess or two.-Maybe a way that dragon can remain in air static, like just floating and not moving forwads or backwards.-Have a way to control the dragons head. Like say the player is flying and stops by a house. They hover in the air (holding space?) and then direct the head towards a building (holding L ctrl and moving the mouse) and shoots flames and burns down the house. villagers come and and the player could just move the mouse to move the dragons head to attack the villagers below them. (Controls given optional)-Minimap icons for enemies and wildlife should be smaller. They block the view from everything else and approximating distance at first was difficult.With that said, it's a great game and every update keeps me excited for what's next. I know this game will be good once the developers give it the time and love it needs, as well as the community giving great feedback. Cheers."
,Recommended,305960,12945239,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,rishmanhoe,While thegame is a bit slow and laggy due to it being in pre alpha the concept and the gameplay were nice once i figured out how to start the game
76561198079512652,Recommended,305960,14317299,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Perasha,"Thus far, the game isn't all that bad for early alpha. Nonetheless, I shall submit my little review.I don't particularly like the flight mechanics, it seems too much like a plane instead of a dragon. That being said, I hope that those mechanics will change.The npc's are so far so good, even though every single one wants to kill you at this point.The map is actually quite nice, however I usually have to go out to the newer regions because of lag.Yes, this is an early access game and isn't perfect. Hopefully, the game will be done right and be absolutely amazing when it comes out. If you want a better game, be patient and wait. If you want to help out with the development, go ahead and play."
76561198124917745,Recommended,305960,14330848,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Dragon,a bit confusing but im a dragon lover and i like the idea tho the lag needs a larger map and controls could be better and the  have an option for new drakes to change aperance and lower the lag the grafic setings r the most confusing and need an opion for tht in game but all in all its a good game
76561198073488860,Recommended,305960,15277468,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Egor,"Basically, its a VERY cool concept, but its also VERY early in its development.So maybe wait until they add some stuff before buying  if you want."
,Recommended,305960,16089848,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Akantor202,"I really do love this game,I never see any games like this before until i saw someone play this game on youtube and i cant wait till it gets out of early access i really do know your working hard to make this game."
,Recommended,305960,19471453,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Radios,"This game is doing INCREDIBLY WELL in early access. Few updates, but they include a lot of improvements. It truly has blossomed, and after it hit alpha it seemed like a totally new game.I do not recommend buying it at this time, unless you wish to support them. As said, it's still early access, so it brings loads of bugs, and funky modeling.TL;DR: It's unique and fun, and I can't wait for more. There's so much potential in this game. But as of now, it's extremely early, and doesn't seem close to being complete."
76561198164521445,Recommended,305960,19483060,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,KatyeCondoin,"Ever since the recent patches i cant help but play this game every day, its epic and i love it, i cant wait till they release more playable lands and pvp, etc. There is bad things too though of course, Like some of the lands are not built properly and still the shaders are kind of sucky, but overall this game is pretty fun, i cant wait till the next patch :)"
,Not Recommended,305960,22601814,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Callak Skytower,"The game doesn't work for Linux.  Linux users should stay away for now.  All you will see is a lot of a pink screen.   If you don't believe me, buy it and find out....   I will happily update this review when it changes, however, I'm tired of standing up for Red Level until they show me something worth while."
76561198194853328,Not Recommended,305960,24740057,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,barryB,this is boring and bad made
76561198040636852,Not Recommended,305960,24513738,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,stevendavid413,"Dragon: The Game. I purchased this mid 2015 expecting a good portion of time to go by before it was what it promised to be. But holy cow, almost two years in and literally the only noticable changes are grass textures and a beginning game ""alpha build"" tab which basically tells you, quite poorly, that the game is still being developed and to not rage on them for being in alpha build. If this game was at least playable with terrible graphics and no real story that would be one thing. But the truth of the matter would appear that this ""game"" is being made by a few high school kids with less than 5 hours a week to really put any kind of noticable attention into the developement. In no way am I saying i could do it better, but I also have the common decency to not sell my dogs♥♥♥♥♥♥labeled as Chocolate.I say all this not out of rage, but dissapointment. I wanted this game to be awesome. I feel that I've been very patient in recognizing that this is a very ambitious project. But taking money from gamers and doing almost nothing noticable with so much time passing by is downright stealing in my mind.To the developers of Dragon: The Game, Find out what the developers of The Forest are doing, because they too are still in Alpha Stage and not only is thier game fluid, fun, and good looking, it's an incomplete game which still provides fans their moneys worth. Unlike your product which provides no refund, no functional gameplay, and a bad taste in your mouth about future purchases of alpha build games."
76561198030336925,Not Recommended,305960,24679568,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Flashand,"Still in development of the first degree, ie concept. You will fall through terrain, ...There is just so much wrong with this its a shame that it cant in over a year and a half get past the same point it has been at.This is why people should actually take classes to develop games."
,Not Recommended,305960,25274515,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,UncleRey,this is a scam dont buy this game
,Recommended,305960,13080199,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,psychosis326,"While lacking much on the features that seem to be advertised, they have been incredily consistent in updating and adding new content with each update and hotfix. The gameplay is solid, if not incredibly simple, at the moment; fly around, kill things, eat things, repeat. I look forward to other game mechanics such as taking/maintaining/defending a territory, hording gold, refined character customization and a perk tree. I've sunk a lot more money into early access games from long ago and haven't even had two updates. I'm glad to see this development team trying their hardest to deliver what they promised for the $18 I paid."
,Recommended,305960,14838086,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,SS,"Ok, so this is a really cool game but a major drawback is the preformance. Some other issues that i found are that the UI doesnt always load properly, dragon attacks dont kill the target even though I am literally touching it and breathing fire, the flying is kind of messed up when trying to land. And keep in mind that I only played the game for 15min so there are definately a lot more bugs and issues in this game that I'd like to see fixed so I can finally play it :)"
,Not Recommended,305960,12857614,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Plasma,"Wow, I cannot believe I paid money for this game. Released to public for alpha way too early."
76561198007515139,Recommended,305960,12895963,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,laxer2354,"As everyone has said, this game is in an extremely early state.  However, the concept is incredible and I can already see the potential here."
,Recommended,305960,12908617,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zote,"This is a VERY barebones game but it has alot of petential to be one of the best games ive played, or seen, in its current state its still fun and pretty cool to fly around as a dragon but it gets old pretty quick, i experienced some lag with lighting to much stuff on fire but thats prbably my computer, in the customisation screen, it would be nice to see your dragon as your customising it, although that will probably come at a later date, but with enough work, overall, this game has alot of potential and i can see a really amazing game coming out of this.I would like to thank the developers for making a game solely about being a dragon which is a concept of a game i've personally wanted to play for a very long time, keep up the amazing efforts. :)"
76561198106817440,Recommended,305960,12917093,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Dudeinamood,"Ok, writing my first review. When i first saw this game out on steam, it was as if someone took one of my dreams of a game and made it into reality! Then i bought it, played it and found it was full of bugs and what not.. I DIDNT CARE! The game was still AWESOME (up to a point where there is no more to do on the map and some bug wrecks the experience a bit). I still see HUGE potential in this game! Give the developers some time to fix bugs and put in more content. I have a feeling it will be beyond GREAT!"
76561197995878700,Not Recommended,305960,29664187,Posted: 2 February,all,Palpatween,"I REALLY want to like this game, on so many levels. First, it's indie and as a conservative, all entrepeneurship is highly appealing. Next, it puts you in control of a dragon. What's not to like about that??Let me tell you, this game is an ultimate disappointment. I bought it two years ago and I still can't play it. It is a huge burden on my system, a system that runs Fallout 4 at decent FPS levels.Save yourself the trouble. Spend your money somewhere else to send a message to the dev's that this is a failed project. They have squandered my money on a program that barely functions. Sad!"
76561198262429804,Recommended,305960,19236931,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,fireplacepoisoner,"I have to say that I expected more from this game, but I guess that is what you get when you roll the early access dice.  Since I bought this there was an update, so the devs do seem to care, even though this has apparently been out for an entire year.  I'm upvoting, because I think there is potential, and hopefully there is potential for the game."
76561198051361197,Recommended,305960,21757703,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,"my only problem with this game is that your own fire can hurt you, its a known fact that dragons are immune to their own fire. my only expectation is that i keep my accumulated points when the game releases, all in all, great game for an early access version"
,Recommended,305960,23524334,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,SoulEater147,"Pease read. This game is not finished but with all the unrecommends i thought one goon one will help. The game has changed and each time (in my opinion) gets better. They get money from people getting the game and that helps but if you stop so will the game. If you want to watch a game change and grow buy it and if not at least fallow the game to show some support so they wont give up. I can see so much potential with this game, I just hope they can make it happen."
76561198138135535,Recommended,305960,20247478,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Probably not normal,"It has heaps of potential, could be a great game but the footage in the trailer is different to the actual game, what happened to that? The trailer gameplay should be released! Everything is better in the trailer! The looks, the animations, the fire breath, EVERYTHING! PLZ RELEASE THAT GAME!!!! NOT THE CURRENT ONE YOU HAVE NOW!I still reccomend it. although this is not for people who want a game already finished, this is far from finished. I like it because of the potential it shows, not current gameplay."
,Recommended,305960,21972715,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Xan,"This is a positive review, but I strongly suggest seeing why!This game is, at the moment, not the most refined product. Unfortunately the development team on this project is rather small and fairly new, to what I know.However, I'm going to leave a +1. While the game is certainly not nearly as refined as a $20 game should be, there's a key quality to this development team that really matters: They're determined. They are actively trying to make this game better. Additionally, the title shows promise. If they can make enough to hire a writer or higher-level game developer (someone of that bend), the game's pretty much set to go.TL;DRThe game isn't all too good at the moment, but the titledefinitelyhas potential. I'd just wait until it's further down the development pipline to buy."
76561198162274223,Recommended,305960,17539609,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,derek.johnson0788,"I purchased this game the day it became available. There are a lot of reviews here commenting on the lack of updates and general unplayability of the game. However, seeing the progress that the developers have made since day one has been nothing short of impressive to me. Unfortunately they had to take quite a few steps back from the original release to rebuild an stronger foundation to build in the features that will eventually make this game great.On the surface, it made the game a lot less playable for quite some time, but now that the team has developed a more substantial frame on which to build the game, the updates have been coming in pretty frequently and with each one comes more playability and more promise for the future. I know that the dev team is working hard and I have a lot of faith and hope for this team and this game in the future."
76561198129808574,Recommended,305960,12838383,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,WOLFER,"Good luck guys in creating the game, all I wan't to say as something for ideas is1: More elemental dragons (Electric, Sun, etc, and also include the ability to mix dragons!). 2: Ability to create caves, and a tracker to locate the cave as home to store stuff, maybe if the cave gets attacked, etc. 2: Better graphics for the dragon, maybe make it look like the dragon is actually turning instead of a statue moving from your cursor 3: There needs to be something where you could be able to morph into 1 other thing if you are a SUPER high level dragon (Maybe a simple customizer, nothing too complicated). BACKSTORIES!!! That would be the best thing available for roleplayers. Anyways, those are my NEW tips, thanks.Just some ideas, thanks."
,Not Recommended,305960,12950133,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ｇｏｎｍｏｏｓｅ,Looks cool and fun and was eager to play! Cant press the ♥♥♥♥ing play button
76561198088529423,Not Recommended,305960,12986907,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,preciousracoon,so i kinda created my dragon and stuff but when i click play it wont let me create a new gamesoidk what to do please help
76561198007276953,Not Recommended,305960,17749615,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Blackinvicti,"This game to me, is a straight rip off. Or maybe my expectations were unrealistic.-Terrible music...sounds like an old 8-bit console game-Controls are terrible and not intuitive in the least bitI've had this a while now, and drop in from time to time never ever see any improvements whatsoever.I have zero desire to ever boot this hunk of garbage up again. No idea what this game is trying to be. Go break out your old Atari 2600 if you want crappy nostalgia. This game wont give it to you, as there are much more playable and entertaining pre-alpha's out there like Empyrion for the same price.I am shocked at some of the reviews I have seen in this game of people with 20+hours of gameplay. I lost interest in it after about 10 minutes."
76561198034279652,Recommended,305960,12892820,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Derrick Moore,"Its just a dragon flight sim right now, less than a week after its EA release.Learning to fly is going to take a good hour or two to do, but watching a video on how egals do it will help.Its very eary in development, but flight sim lovers will feel right at home."
,Not Recommended,305960,31031414,Posted: 8 April,all,Adikavita2912[FC],"Not the greatest game but everything else is GOLDEN but the FPS is...ITS TERRIBLE I can only get 5 - 10 frames I would not recommend this game to anyone beccuse of the FPS. I asked a refund and will not buy this game again until the developers fix or atleast try to fix / stablize the FPS but its a good game even though I did'nt even get to play it because of the frame rate. Now dont you say to me that ""HEY THIS FOOL ONLY PLAYED 11 MINUTES HOW WILL YOU WRITE A REVIEW WITH ONLY 11 MINUTES INTO THE GAME HUH"" well thats because I cant even customize my dragon, the game runs on 5 -  10 FPS didnt you read that and oh when I get into the game, OH MY GOD the FPS is cant go above 5 so I couldnt even move. I re - launched the game two times with the lowest setting and resolution but same result with the FPS now dont you dare bug me about the play time now ok? ok here is my review READ IT BEFORE BUGGING ME ABOUT THE PLAYTIME!"
,Recommended,305960,25313708,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Ray Vanhem,I hope game will get better! and for the developers I will say don't stop guys I wish this product to see in actial full game. I plaied it a little but I just kept checking the game for more stuff I have been with this game since the release and saw a huge imrove since when.
76561198262066415,Recommended,305960,19583622,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,gregthemagemagpie,"I had a lot of fun flying around and dropping the peasants to their death.  It's fairly derpy right now, but I see a lot of promise and I think it should be supported."
,Recommended,305960,23050536,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Spookyena,"Not gonna lie, in the state this game is in right now, it's awful.But unlike other awful games, the developers are actuallytryingto make it better, I've never seen a development team this devoted before."
76561198062635288,Recommended,305960,12962856,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,UberZiggy,"So far I like what I'm seeing. It's obvious that this is still in it's earliest stages as it's little more than a framework for a game. Pretty much all that's available right now is basic movement and combat controls in a relatively small area. There is yet to even be a settings menu where you can tweak audio/video and map controls. But I am highly intrigued by the concept and am eager to see how the game's mechanics will e fleshed out in the future. If you purchase this in hopes of having a fulfilling play experience, you won't get thar right now. At this point, purchasing this game is an investement in what I believe will be a great game eventually.Would give this a solid 7/10. You don't get a whole lot now, but you'll surely get something great later on. Buying this game will support the developer and shorten the time until new features are added."
,Recommended,305960,12939260,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Dragon Protector,New ReviewWow major inprovement on the game so far :)Old ReviewMy vision ofd this game came exactly true only thing needed is mates and you can always be together and do quest and everything together either npc mate or someone as ur mate in multi player i love all dragons :) and have genders like female and male dragons and add more colorsedit where all the dragon colors go? game really buggy now cant even really fly correctly and flap or anything and also people please support the devs to help this game become real :)
,Recommended,305960,12950888,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Laurance 'Rumlegs' Shoobert,"In the simplest terms, it has potential. To launch such an early pre-alpha game to an already growing fan-base is a huge testament to the creator's visions of the future, however, technology always gets in the way of a perfect vision. I can say, being a games-dev student that the majority of the assets used thus far, are directly from the unity engine this uses. and anything else was imported into unity via 3ds Max or Maya.The dragons themselves, are sorry to say, pretty ugly (especially the run and walk cycle) but function well enough that I have played the game, several times already, and I look forward to what the creative team of devs, has in store.The bugs are holding this pre-alpha game back to it's bright future.I hope they get fixed soon.If they develop the necessary rpg elements to this game, and add the leveling up system, whilst mantaining a good fan-base, then I can easily say that dragon is well worth a bit of money to see it made better."
76561198028362529,Recommended,305960,12961426,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,hydraatsea,meh next update make the create your dragon more user friendly espeacially in the appearance sectionother than that solid alpha looks like its gonna be a great game
76561198027285448,Not Recommended,305960,22596606,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Vinyl Scratch❧,"I bought this game when it first released....and in that entire time I have never been able to play the game at all. Everything they say they fix, still breaks. I have a super computer and this junk dosen't last but 8 minutes before the game crashes. This game may be an alpha, but by god at the rate it is updating, the final product will be done by 2234 I swear.  This alpha sucks HARD. I have never been more dissapointed in an alpha game in my entire life"
76561198071263218,Recommended,305960,19540623,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mr.Derpysaurus Rex,still needs work that pretty much all that i have to say for this
,Not Recommended,305960,20616891,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,KnightofThought,I should have never bought this game.
76561198003694300,Recommended,305960,17227749,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Mick,Played it twioce for a few minutes at a time and not so sure about now. Besides they said the next update is next december.
76561198073793708,Recommended,305960,15440795,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,FLCL SEASON 2 NOW,"Has a TON of potential, but it is very very early in development. It is good but there is not that much to do just yet. I would get it later in development or get it now to support the devs. Great job so far guys."
76561198016944373,Not Recommended,305960,18849571,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Rodo,"I got this game on a whim and boy do I regret that decision. First of all, the price is ridiculous, 18 dollars for a game that features floaty flying mechanics and low resolutions maps? IN ALPHA? It is an embarrassment on my part for paying for this game. The animations are goofy, the dragons themselves have so few polygons they look like something out of a PS1 game and they have the low resolution textures to match too. One of the features of the game is ""destructible environments"" where the destruction is limited to burning down some stuff like houses and trees to a crisp... in exactly the same way every single time. The fire graphics... oh my god... seriously, it's on the same level as Quake (the original one). ""Towns"" are basically agglomerations of houses sitting on the grass on some prairie or field. They don't look lived in by real people (as humans in these towns are more akin to ants than humans), they don't look like they function as towns and once you've done burning down every single building to the same texture of burnt wood there is no sense of achievement or satisfaction. Nothing you do in this game makes any difference, you might as well just do nothing at all.The only thing that seems like it might be a good idea is the concept of flight as you get to flap your own wings at your choice, this means you can control flight much better than other games where there is no difference piloting a flying animal and a jet plane. However the execution of this concept is underwhelming, it doesn't help that the flying animations are just goofy looking and mechanical.All in all, a very bad game and the developer excusing it calling out early access and alpha as some sort of excuse for the very poor quality this game has is an indication that this project will never see completion. The mechanics of the game are floaty and unappealing, the graphics are horrible, the textures are low resolution and just ugly, the effects for fire are amazingly bad (and this is a game where you'll be using fire as your main weapon mind you) and I say amazingly because there are free games out there that have better effects for fire. I don't believe this game will ever see completion and I do believe the developer is getting more money than he/she deserves by careful editing of his game's trailer.If you pay 18 dollars for this game you're either a dumbass like I am or you're using your parent's credit card and you have no sense for value of money. There are 99 cent games for smartphones that have good graphics, solid gameplay and some even have campaigns with storylines. This game has none of those features. This game is the perfect example of how payed early access can backfire and why these kinds of games should not be allowed to exist by the people over at Steam."
,Not Recommended,305960,13193043,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,C҉u̢͘͜r͝s͟͜o͢͠r™̸͘,"**UPDATE**I have played this again recently and it's doing a bit better than before. Although I fought a bear and it just walked underground and I couldn't fly for a few minutes it's alright. The customization menu is very weak, I can't select any other dragons aside from green (says my dragon is green no matter what i chose), can't select any appearance modifiers like horns or anything, still can't select any traits. However, despite these issues, I can still color my dragon so it's alright. The gameplay is a bit od now I find myself constantly falling in flight after the recent flight update. Gravity was added and the flight modified to make it less ""floaty"" honestly I'd rather it be floaty than how it is now. Flying has never before been such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mid-flight trying to hang a right will just turn you in place, left doing the same. Constantly falling so you have to keep tapping space at a moderate pace to stay in the air. I tried the fireball skill and it was very offput. You'd think a dragon could hit it's mark with thew force it take to fire one of those but no. A bear is about 30 feet away? not gonna hit. Too much of a ""wind"" effect. All in all, I'd tell you to wait longer for this game.**OLD**Overall nice concept, if a bit buggy. Lags a lot on my own computer, and I get an error for killing humans with flame breath among other things, and that craches my game. I would not recommend this because it still needs a LOT of work done and seems like it was sloppily made in an hour of two. I look forward to improvement but cannot encourage sales by the product thus far. I ended up buying two copies myself, one for a friend and the other for myself but it turned out to be a waste of my money and time."
,Recommended,305960,15098575,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,DarthTerror1994,"I have been following this game and checked on it's progress for over a year and I still continue to support it, The development has been progressing and with continued support this game will become one of the greatest (if not the only) dragon simulation game out there. There are those who say that it is not a good time to buy or the games current state is not worth buying but what they don't think about is the developers use the money they get from sales to reinvest back into the game."
76561198064975240,Recommended,305960,12943216,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Draconuum_Ignis,Although this game is in (VERY) early development This game has alot of potentail! I cant wait to see what kind of awesome progress the dev team has in store for us.
76561198164640571,Not Recommended,305960,22517052,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Hornswaggleing Brethren,<Meh>
,Not Recommended,305960,32010420,Posted: 27 May,all,cakeboss23,"I had fun with this for like 5 minutes, then i realised it's an awful game"
,Not Recommended,305960,25811165,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Fedora the exproler,"I don't recommend you buy this item. It was promising at first, but this is another prime example of kickstarter games that go nowhere. For example, ""the dead lingor"" title is where this game is headed; no updates and development abandoned."
76561198084450833,Recommended,305960,17904356,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,beav144,"Okay lets start this off with the one thing that annoys me. The game isint finished and in its current state theres not much to do. OK, now thats out the way lets say hoe great the idea is to me. As a kid that has always liked the lore of dragons and just about anything that had to do with dragons (even if it dosent directly relate to them I.E. the Renaissance Festival) so the idea of a dragon sim even to me as a 20 year old kid is still awsome as hell just from the idea id say where do i sign to make this happen. So im expecting great things but hell even if its not that great, but i know it will be, i'm still glad this idea is out there finally i thought i was gonna have to make it and im not that great at makeing games i still have a long way to go.So thanks just for the idea i'm looking foeward to the finished game."
76561198052643819,Recommended,305960,15563060,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,josh,really good game i feel the devs dont seem like they are at work...if you look at all the other early access games they push an update once or twice a week dragon is slacking.................but over all the game is going to make history
76561198044171877,Recommended,305960,15352622,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Ser Tiddlywinks,"My experience from my playthrough is pretty much to be expected. A very young game that has a long way to go. Graphics are looking good,  but gameplay, controls and mechanics have yet to catch up. No storyline or dialogue in place as yet. Dragon customisation is definitely in it's infancy, There is no doubt that once the developers (Whom I am very grateful towards for starting a project like this) get the time they need they'll fix all of these problems, which are nothing more than the hallmark of an unfinished game. I can see a finished product in my mind based on what they've hinted at and it's a game I want to play.Is it currently worth the money? not going by the game alone, but support the developers, and help them out. You won't regret it when they're finished."
76561198066359775,Not Recommended,305960,16131464,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Archaon,Don't buy this game. Buggy and full of glitches. I understand that it's early access but there's been no updates in a long time. Waste of my money. Stay away from this game. Great concept that sadly was poorly executed.
,Recommended,305960,22225989,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,undead_Equinox,"they did release an update last week and its saying on the game there will be another update early april to me thats next week maybe the week after who knows?the game is still very buggy and with moving to a new engine the graphics are pretty poor right but it will pay off in the long runcontrols are very weird with the way the mouse operates the dragon.for what its worth it is an amazing concept how many games do you actually live as a dragon and not just for a few minutes because of a spell that turns you into a dragon?this game is you being a dragon controlling territory making enemies making allies and so on...the game is due to be finished december 2016, credit to the people who have waited 2 years iv been waiting 3 months and getting annoyed.THEY ARE ADDING to the game, you can see the new models theyre wanting to add to the game and not being funny but that new model looks pretty cool and very graphical, you have to admit that dragon does look cool.im sure reading the reviews negative and positive they all have one thing in common ONLY BUY THIS GAME IF YOURE WILLING TO INVEST INTO THE DEVS TO MAKE THIS GAME.a game cannot and will not go anywhere without cash so if you want this game to become a reality then buy it if not then dont.from reading what the devs have put they have used the 35k from their kickstarter to use for marketing theyre talking to investors and they have hired 2 new people to help work on this game.you wouldnt look for investors and go hiring 2 new people and working on all these dragon models if you are just going to take peoples money and run are you? its a lot more effort than its worth so make of this information what you will.i personally am standing by them due to me wanting this kind of game as there isnt a game like this where youre the dragon and not just because of a spell or something so yea im on board and if they screw me over its 12 pound down the drain yea gonna suck but its not going to effect my life.hope this helped a little and hope you have a good day"
76561198007946880,Not Recommended,305960,24325857,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Dragaunus,"I too have longed for an open world Dragon RPG based upon not only carnage and mayhem, but complex scnerios like raising arms/cities under your banner or species politics like in D&D's Council of Wyrms.But...this...I don't think will ever be it...- Months without development or new patches- Ammeture 2D Portraits- Graphics and Modeling so poor one would think sophmores at Full Sail could do betterI've only regretted buying into Early Access games twice, which many would say would make myself lucky.  Not so much this time as I hit #2."
,Recommended,305960,25051503,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,FiresFlames,while still in development (and i understand how hard that is) id like to report a bug(?)/issue when using multiple screens. for example navigating around gets annoying when you go to attack and get switched to your desktop/other app and you end up dying. still shows promise for creating your own storylines and quests in the future though. keep going!
76561198036069212,Recommended,305960,25664217,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,darksteelsoldier,I like the idea of the game so far. But am I the only one who has trouble with the directional controls? especially in air? I played a dragon game once where you would hold down the mouse wheel when pointing yourself in a new direction and it worked great if they could do just that I would play this game forever
,Not Recommended,305960,22348074,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Saga_Daroxirel,"Okay: Here's the deal. This game has a lot that [i ]could [/i] happen, but not a lot that is. If honest work were to go into this game, it would become very good, but there is no effort. If you really want to know how bad it is at the current level, let me put it this way:I am in 10th grade and am learning c++ in computer science. I truly believe that if my entire class worked together with a little help from our teacher, we could recreate this game within under three month, working only 45 minutes on weekdays. I also believe we could upgrade that when we finish it with a bit of work and make this ""game"" into what people want it to be.I really,reallydon't want to shame this game.I am a dragonkin, and I feel need to have something, anything at all, in which I can be a dragon or even a regular animal of some sort. This game was really dissapointing when it says that it gives me what I need, and then fails on it miserably.I really like this game's idea, and with what I've played it even could be good: bad/outdated graphics don't bother me nearly as much as they do some people. Even the broken physics and controls are sort of okay for me. The main qualm I have with it is the lack of content. There is absolutely no point. I've heard ""rumors""certainly not in the update notesthat you can get a cave, but I have found no such area, and the world itself seems so empty. There is no variety in the type of people, and there isn't even a leveling system: all dragons are the same.If you want to play it, which you're actually wrong in thinking, I would suggest you find somewhere to pirate it because it's not worth giving the ""developers"" more money to do nothing. Unfortunately for you, I'm pretty sure the game is too crappy to even be pirated by anyone, because there certainly aren't any good wikis that I could find.I myself will continue to look through the update notes every once in a while with the hope that something new will be added. I doubt anything will, but I will remain as optimistic as I can..."
,Recommended,305960,21414894,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Crispybiscuit,This game has a lot of petential and I hope I get to see the Developer's pull an 'Orion: Dino Horde' out of this game.
76561198002137552,Not Recommended,305960,31869246,Posted: 20 May,all,[A3D]Alfr3D,Meh.
76561198363838539,Recommended,305960,31806016,Posted: 17 May,all,HNATC,"compliment to red level games: this game is very good i love the ideas, how the game is so far and i 10/10 will be supporting and reccomending it, i shall also be donating as much as i can and and as often as i can, and a note to those who don't reccomend it, you have seen the warnings that say this game is W.I.P (work in progress) and that also public demand can have a huge impact on companies, we shall fill the comments section with support and help them make dragon: the game the successful mmorpg (massively multiplayer online role play game) it is destined to be."
,Not Recommended,305960,35054142,Posted: 18 September,all,Crafty Block Head,"THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTE TRASH!! YOU CAN'T EAT, BECAUSE IT RESTARTS THE GAME WHEN YOU GET NEAR ANYTHING!!"
,Not Recommended,305960,22205860,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,NightStrider,"This game holds a lot of promise, but until they can work on getting the bugs out, it's not worth the money. I sort of feel like i wasted fifteen bucks, and i bought it while on sale. :( I love dragons, and I've dreamed of a game like this since i was a toddler. But this... Is not good enough yet. They need to fix it so you can save your game, and other stuff as well. Once that's fixed in an update, i'll probably play it again."
,Not Recommended,305960,22209151,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DylMan62,"Only buy this game if you can put up with glitches, bugs and crashes. The buttons don't work, the physics and UI are awful and in two years of development nothing has been done to this game, if anything is has gone backwards. I'm pretty sure the devs have given up. Such a shame when that happens, this game looked so promosing"
76561198036153337,Recommended,305960,13148335,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,2koi4skewl,The conspect nothing short of fantastic honestly i love the idea i have always wanted a game like this but i honestly wish that the dev would focus on fixing things and try o give the game more publicity and last of all i wish that the dragons could get goblins to fight for themIn short yes i think this game is perfect just needs kinda alot of cleaning.
76561198148012195,Not Recommended,305960,14005358,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,nicholdaniel357,would be a great game if not so laggy
,Not Recommended,305960,13873288,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,FOXHOUND__,"This is rough to the point of blue-sky concepting. It feels like some assets and rough script changes were added to a random 3D engine's playable demo.I have a difficult time seeing where this game plans on going or what makes it appealing.I wish I'd saved my money, but alas, I have a weakness for dragons. This game seems to rely entirely on that weakness."
,Recommended,305960,13309612,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,delta806,"I reccomend this game because if you like lotr, the hobbit, or anything like that, this is the rpg game for you"
,Recommended,305960,15768638,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Nyow,I recommend this game because it fufills my life long dream of burning innocent humans to death.
76561198019439957,Recommended,305960,16983830,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,☠ ~ ღ Kit-Kat ღ ~ ☠,"This game is a shining hope of dragon game simulators, though its in early access and far from perfect, I believe with enough support from dragon lovers this game can be good RP survival game, and probably one of the first."
76561198253699196,Recommended,305960,19556204,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Evelyn10203,"Can anyone tell me if it looks different on Mac, than on Windows? Because mine looks very different. (I have a Mac currently)"
,Recommended,305960,15920661,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,CFrankie,Interesting Idea. Hope It Goes Somewhere.11/28/16 - still no real progress yet. The holding pattern is still here.
76561198217672416,Recommended,305960,21065874,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,DAXAMEGATGGD235,YOUR GAME HASE AN AMAZING CONCEPT!!!though some bugs ive noticed are at one point i was launched to the clouds but for the 17 minites that i played it befor it crashed it was an amazing game for me!1!!please dont stop working on it it is fun and if it is realeased i see it to be a good game!!(sorry for any errors in spelling)
76561198074751131,Recommended,305960,22509290,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Duschland,"You can see improvements! "" I do recommend this game even with all of it's faults. I do this because I have been watching it for years now and it seems to relay be picking up some momentum"""
76561198077919165,Recommended,305960,20587697,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kill 'Em All,I think this game has good potential. It has a few glitches but they aren't that much of a problem. It isn't as good as the video shows it as but hopefully it will get there soon.
76561198075601704,Recommended,305960,21320256,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,happyjoelucky13,"This game, in its current state is an emotional roller coaster. The promise and prospect are so tantalizing (and need to be) You can ALMOST get over the game crashing every 5 minutes. The game in its current state (v8.4) finally has some content to keep you playing, even if it is a redundant ""kill x of these quest system"", which most often than not completing a quests will crash the game. Currently the only rewards for eating and questing are the abilities to grow in size (completley aesthetic?) and the ability to move faster. Starting out you get to customize you dragons body color and wing color (with more customization aspects promised in the future). The map is quite glitchy, floating rocks and landmarks. Some physics get a little weird, you might bump into a tree then go flying in a random direction at light speed.  I am definatly interested in seeing what this game becomes in the future, although updates are few and far between. This might be one that I'd wait a year before investing in. On the flip side The concept behind the game, I have yet to see anywhere else making this a unique gaming expirence and definatly recommend to the Dragon enthusiast."
76561198294847852,Recommended,305960,22476307,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,weddyiii1986,This Game has a great chance of being a good game it still needs alot of bugs work out of it. also i would change the way the mouse moves both the camera and your dragon make. all in all i think i'll like this game and see if the upcoming updates get all the bugs out
,Not Recommended,305960,19068346,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Tchey,"So far, the worst Early Acces i've bought, i think.Slow updates, with little change. I want to believe this game will be a good Dragon game, but right now i can only recommand not to buy it, until the team proves their ability to develop the game.Ugly landscape, ugly 3D models, weird flight model, clunky UI, mostly all options are placeholder, almost no content, many bugs... And the last patch 0.80 made the game unplayable for some users, included myself (game can't launch).I hope i will want to change my review later, to a positive one. Later. Not today."
76561198129951968,Not Recommended,305960,21632721,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,GamingMasterAnthony,"This game has a good concept. But the mouse controls are too hard to handle, as it is way to easy to spin around. The quest arrow (the ones that tell you where to go, can't think of it right now) is easy to see but it is hard to small things with it, For enemies you can only hit it once before the attacks don't effect it anymore, and the enemies cant ht you so its in an entire state of limbo. I wouldn't recommend it YET. I would wait until its controls are more streamlined and the quest waypoint (remembered it) arrow makes it easierv to see the smaller enemies, and the lurning crve is harder because it is TOO easy."
,Recommended,305960,12838265,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Purple,"Help paige???? It is a nice Pre pre alpha, But could get some work, most of all, some form of help, I can barely find buildings, I dont know how to grow, eat, find a cave. Just a little TOO confusing, the controls are easy to learn although, the customization is not really affecting anything but looks detailed, I'd say later this game would be worth the money if worked on hard enough :)."
76561198006452170,Not Recommended,305960,12841982,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Balorn,"I appreciate that this is an Alpha game and it has the potential to be better. The developer needs to fix the memory leak or what ever is causing the massive graphical lag on lower systems or when you use flame on higher end systems. I tried it on two different level PC's and had the same graphicl lag problem, the first one is 4 years old with at GTX460 and the second is 2 years old with i7 processor, 12GB ram and GTX670, both had the same graphic's lag problem after a few minutes of play.Higher dragon position in the screen would be better too.Also the controller option and sound are not working yet."
,Recommended,305960,13061537,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Darkhog | Computah iz ded,"Great game. Even though it is still really small amount of things you can do, you can do most of the things true dragon can (fire breath, flying, eating livestock and/or villagers) which makes time fly by, even if objectively there's little you can do.Dragon's flying model is great, though you can't do loops de loops or barrel rolls. I've used 99.9% of my time so far in the game just to fly around. You should buy it right now and see for yourself how great this game is!"
,Recommended,305960,12837708,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,[HGTU] Shylo132,"This review matches the User: GrageonI have noticed a thoughtfulness in the way dragons fly. I tend to play as a conservative clicker and the way the dragon handles itself per click rather than click and hold is astounding.I had trouble with the bloodlines and skills, check marks were not affecting the numbering system on either side. Summary page is blank, but that can be expected with barebones.Major view:Zoom control on the dragon in both the creation and world menu would be superb. Lowering the camera angle for ground situations would help as well so we can get our bearing with what our dragon is doing in front and not what is happening 200 miles away.Minor views:Birds in the opening of the game flock properly, after flying for 2 minutes they tend to just resync to their spawning loop position and just hover there in a cluster.Landing of the dragon is a bit awkward, Dragon seems to hover like a helicopter in high elevation even if tilted forward or backward. (straight down is a bullet)Due to being barebones new, i can accept putting my gaming pc into fastest graphics mode since turning on beautiful nearly killed me after killing the humans. (refer to the other user's review)If you need any specific testings let me know, plenty of potential.-Shylo"
,Recommended,305960,12836413,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ВеликаяРусь,"Since this game was just released as a super early♥♥♥♥♥alpha recently, it's not completed (obviously). There's not much to do and not much to see. It's a starting point and the devs are pretty keen on working on stuff (and did some pretty immediate bug fixes so that's a pretty good sign). Here's the preliminary barebones review, to be updated as the game does.UPDATED - NOVEMBER 12TH, 2014Notes: It's really hard to actually split some of these things into pros and cons at this stage of development because everything, depending on what you value or how 'done' it is could go in either category. Until the game is further along, I'll keep the various points in a numbered list here, irrespective of pro or con.ONTO THE THINGS--1. Lots of potential.You're in a sandbox world as a dragon and theoretically, you get to help shape the landscape (metaphorically). Hopefully before too long we'll be able to interact with humans, have enemies, etc. At the moment, as of the latest hotfix, there is a lot more life to the map. Humans (some that attack you with spears), cows, deer, trolls, move houses, lots of trees-- It's not much yet, but it's getting there, especially compared to what it was on release day.2. Graphics aren't half bad though not spectacular. A little dated at the moment.They'll probably get better and could use some optimization work (but so could the whole system and that typically comes with time). There are still some problems with screen resolutions and rendering, but killing something no longer causes the Peasant of Doom glitch (I.E. killing a peasant would cause them to erupt with red blood gibs that formed an FPS-murdering column to the point where you ought to restart your game and think about what you how murdering peasants is apparently bad). Also the status bars and some of the buttons (like the map selection button that looks a bit like a loading screen) could use some polish.3. Dragons are customizable and can age.While that's not fully implemented yet, it's on the way, bro. There is some current customization and stats (but they don't seem to have much effect at the moment). At the moment, customization is limited to changing colors, but entire different species of dragon and adaptations are planned.4. Linux and Mac versions.They were released pretty quickly along with the recent hotfix. There seems to have been some issues with getting the Linux version to play straight from Steam for some users, but the devs posted a workaround for it in the meantime while they fix up their Linux upload.5. Very active and respectable developers.They've been very active in the forums, very polite in how they handle criticism and feedback of all sorts, and have shown zero leaning towards any sort of censorship. They're chill with anyone wanting to review or add suggestions or doing letsplays. They're also working on cataloguing known bugs to quash as they can while working on implementing new mechanics. So far, they've been very on top of things and have been amicable. They are some of the best behaved Early Access developers I've ever run across.6. Unity engine.Not really a con unto itself so much as Unity can be a buggy pain but it can also do some cool stuff. There are people that really don't like the Unity engine. That's entirely fair. However, it can be done well. In the meantime, it's going to be its own pain in the♥♥♥♥♥while the devs work to tame it. It also just doesn't seem to like some computers which can be a real off-putter to some gamers.7. Nothing much at the moment to do.You can fly around (the mechanics of that were improved with the recent hotfix, but it can still be a bit wonky-- I'm bad at it and faceplant into the ground a lot). You can light things on fire, especially now that there's a lot more to burn: several villages from small to large (though some are unpopulated), a small amount of people (women with spears and screaming men), trees, and apparently trolls. You can also eat the gibs that drop to help you grow. Unfortunately, there's nothing more than that yet. That and the growth mechanic isn't exactly implemented yet either and it needs a lot of tweaking.8. The tutorial is virtually non-existent.A tutorial itself hasn't really been implemented but some helpful hints when you start a world are shown on the screen. Unfortunately, due to earlier mentioned resolution problems. There is a list of current controls pinned in the Steam forums, but that's another temporary workaround until things can be more solidly implemented.9. No save/load feature.When you start a world, you always start fresh. You cannot save and you cannot load. This is only temporary, but at the moment, there isn't much you'd want to save anyway. Your dragon's stats at the moment are carried over through the playthroughs anyway. Just every time you start the game, you basically refresh the map so you can burn the same villages over and over again.10. Pricy, somewhat.For the level of early access that it is, it's a bit high, but they made no pretense about how much it would be when they posted their pricing model in the forums here on Steam. However, in the long run and for being a part of the development process, that's not so bad. It just depends on what's worth it more to you, the customer, to pay now to be part of the development process or to pay later (at a possibly higher cost) when the game is more complete or entirely complete. The developers have stated that they are encouraging people who aren't sure or who have been burned by Early Access debaucles before to please wait to purchase until their trust can be earned."
76561198020393485,Recommended,305960,13408273,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Space Bears!!,10/10 best game so customization very thriving world
,Not Recommended,305960,12961984,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,.l,I can't even get past the main menu. Probably me just being stupid. But ya.... .. . . ... . . .................
76561198156427702,Not Recommended,305960,12961395,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Pig The Pug,"I bought this game a few days ago and am having many problems. I  know it is early access and will have bugs, but  not this severe. First, i started the game and it would not let me even start playing. Two, when i try to exit the game, it does not respond and freezes. I have a 4 month old macbook air and all hardware up to date. Therefore, I  would not recommend  getting early access. Wait until the full game comes out."
76561198035214845,Not Recommended,305960,12970297,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Nickl0w,It wont let me start game . I create dragon but wont let me play.
76561198004234184,Recommended,305960,17634173,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,faulder,"Honestly, i love this game because, it shows true improvment and has such a cool concept. Dragons are the coolest thing ever so it is a good game. It does need alot of improvement but, i have hope for this amazing game. All it needs is betteranimations, grafics, and textures then it will be done.( Other than the glichyness).Salutations,DragonlfwP.s. check out my channel for more info:Dragonlfw Gaming"
76561198142256839,Recommended,305960,19501181,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Krissymck,I get to powered by unity then it goes grey and access the steam network comes up but then i stays there for a while and shuts off. It is probably a bug and i have seen the game so i do reccomend it but be careful like it says.
,Recommended,305960,12980048,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Wormheadz,"I do not know if I can recommend this game simply because I cannot click new game, join game or load game, in other words I can not play the game, hopefully it will be fixed at some point.********EDIT***********I can now get pass the start screen (I am guessing thanks to this latest update), the developers do have quite a job ahead of them to make this an amazing game, but just on the pure potential I recommend this game*"
,Recommended,305960,12951058,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,smileykiller4,"I accidentally deleted my first dragon, now the game won't let me create a new one."
76561198131005214,Recommended,305960,19573457,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,RPGmaster540,It is great to see the game getting some love! I really enjoyed the last release and the new flight mechanics.  Keep up the great work!!
76561198011237461,Not Recommended,305960,15784535,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Amused,Unplayable buggy mess.  Steer clear.
,Not Recommended,305960,22516090,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,The Walking Holocaust,If you're a masochist you'll love this game.
76561198053926675,Not Recommended,305960,22321100,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,joeker,I regret spending money on this.I went into with an open mind and i got nothing.I should say that the CONCEPT is facinating.But the execution is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥You want a dragon game? This is not the game for you.In no way is this game worth nearly $20.This isnt even worth $5.DONOTGETTHISGARBAGE.
,Recommended,305960,18363919,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Obi-Wan Kenobi,"This is a game I would recommend all Dragon game based fans even people that are looking for a Dragon game, help support this wonderful game and make it happen! :)"
76561198008822589,Not Recommended,305960,23430435,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Vetlon,Developer is slow to update game. It seems outdated and I am sure that by the time it is complete there will be something else available that is better and more ambitious.  Buyer beware!
76561197985289519,Not Recommended,305960,22787441,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Bastiat,How is there not a health bar? This game is downright unplayable at its current version.
,Not Recommended,305960,13989578,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,NordicApache,This game is a steaming pile of dragon sh*t.
,Not Recommended,305960,17419980,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Sweater Puppy,"I really like the concept of this game, but in it's current state, I simply can't play it. The way the camera motion works made me really dizzy and disoriented. I can't decide if it's just the sensitivity or what, but generally speaking the mechanics need more work and the camera motion needs to be fixed.I played this game for 5 minutes when it first came out on Steam, only to realize it was hardly playable, and the mechanics were not ideal, to say the least. A tutorial or at least explanation of keybinds would've been helpful.I played it again, first in regular, then in the beta. I was able to navigate the regular version for a bit before the flight mechanics just got frustrating because I got stuck flying in circles and couldn't land, more than once. In the beta, it was worse for me because the camera motion was even more ♥♥♥♥ed up for me and I got too dizzy just trying to fly up to the top of a ♥♥♥♥ing castle.I get that bugs and glitches are to be expected, but the way the camera moves is messed up and I just can't handle trying to play like that. I have a headache right now because of it...I just can't recommend this game in it's current state. It needs serious work."
,Not Recommended,305960,17541173,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,[W | S | A] TheWindedTortoise,"This game was a dissapointment. i bought two copies one for my friend and one for myself so we could play together. Sadly I found multiplayer is non-existent. It says you can but It won't actually let you. The game lags even on low settings and I have a beast computer. The customization never even took effect in game except for the color changing. I give this game 1 out of 5, with some improvement it could be good but at the moment don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,305960,15295898,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Enter,"Before you read this review, I ask that you know and understand that I was fully prepared to deal with any glitches, bugs, problems, or lack of content in this game, knowing that it is in early access and certain there was an idea here to be built upon. That said, I think I can firmly say that this game should not have been released into early access at this point in time as there is no central idea to build upon. Not only that, but there aren't any mechanics either. Flight is as about as smooth and simple as dancing the can-can with a pitchfork shoved firmly up your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the graphics are about as appealing as the head of medusa if the snakes on her head suffered from projectile vomit, and I have to be incredibly careful where I fly lest I fly out of the flat world, where I ended up spending more than half of my time despite being more cautious than my mother on my first day of school. The ""goblins"" and ""people"" might as well have been dots on the screen, and the quite sparsely spread excuses for structures might have fallen over if I farted in the wrong direction- I'm not quite sure what I did, they were always falling over anyways. I can say, however, that the rest of the game was a blissful journey through neverland without feeling a sense of guilt that would have made hitler feel like a goody-two shoes, simply because there was no rest of the game. Perhaps with three more years of work it won't make Tōru Iwatani feel like his Pac-Man game was ages ahead of it's time. I don't think I've ever given up on a game as quickly as I gave up on this one for fear of losing my precious time that I might have spent better playing some other game."
,Recommended,305960,16859005,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Gay Chris Hansen,i broke tree's i ate tree monsters i terrorized villages i ruined lives all to find senpai
76561198045312908,Recommended,305960,21012151,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Toc the Younger,"I'm recommeding this, not because it's a great game now, but because I believe it has the potential to become a more than great game later.Even at it's current state I had fun frolicking around burning houses and catching rabbits, because DRAGONS."
76561198044015854,Not Recommended,305960,19028981,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Orangetang: Master of Juice,"It's been an entire year, and i bought this for about 13 dollars the day it came out.I was new to PC gaming at the time, and i thought the idea for the game was fantastic, so i didn't think anything of the ""early access"" title.Unfortunatley, 1 year later almost nothing has changed for the game - this is the reason i avoid early access games now, unless they have proven their worth (Ark: Survival Evolved and Secrets Of Grindea).Don't waste your money on this - it's not even really a game at the moment anyway."
76561197984440686,Not Recommended,305960,13273478,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,KhorneFlakes,"Ok, I really really get the point of early access... But this is too early... wayyyyy too early. If you like the general idea behind the game(-concept) and want to support the developers, then it's okay to spend money on this game.This is not even done enough to be called ""proof of concept"" or something like that, it's just... I don't even know. it's barebone material.Again, if you just want to support what this game can (and hopefully will) be, then it's fine. Otherwise... I can imagine other fun ways to get rid of your money."
76561198002095876,Not Recommended,305960,14247705,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Vondur,"I will probably love the game when its finished but at the moment there is not much to do and its rather buggy. If you fly too far away some terrain starts to disappear, floating houses etc. You cannot level that much and last time I played I had to start over each time I quit game. Hope they fix that. If it was already possible then it should be easier to access the save command.I'm still glad I bought the game for I love the concept and maybe in the future this will be a good game."
,Recommended,305960,12885556,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Angerpull,"I could recommend this game, but in it's current state: No.There is 0% gameplay right now. I flew around for a short time and it was really easy to learn how to fly. I found some buildings but no humans to oppose me.The animations are not pleasing, when you fly your wings move slowly and not really making me feel like I'm trying to fly.The best way to get a reference in animation is to look at other products like the dragons in World of Warcraft. When they fly they make it very believable that it's hovering and flying.The walking animation is fine but your back legs make you look like you just took a huge dump and you ran out of toilet paper. The wings when you walk look ridiculous, like you've broken them.Major Issue: You are RIDICULOUSLY Tiny. You are SMALLER than the entrances to houses and it doesn't matter what type of dragon you start with, Young or Ancient are just as ""big"".The Fire Breath is just one sprite that get shot out every tick. And if you fly and breathe fire then turn around away from it, you can end up with 1fps, and I am running on a high end gaming rig.Also; You can fly under the map. My reaction when I figured this out was: No, that did not happen...All in all they tried to make a game, but as we can see it's WAY too early to release it on steam early access. This isn't even 5% finished.Should you buy it? Yes! In it's current state? No.It's got great potential and promise because it's a game where you are a DRAGON. Well more like a winged lizard the lenght of a horse and the height of a dog but.I don't know if I should recommend this or not, but I am going to put Yes on it."
76561198197411398,Recommended,305960,29201738,Posted: 12 January,all,AikawaKizuna,"It's been more than two years when this promissing game shown up. When will it playable? Can I play the complete version of this game when I'm still alive? I dont know really. 2 years means lots of games have entered Beta or finished. Im 27 years old now and soon 28, please finish it before Im too old to play maybe before 70? Will you?"
76561198056167264,Not Recommended,305960,25361402,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Triscuit,"Scammed by early access again.  This game isn't finished, I can't even play the game due to its quality."
76561198003218918,Recommended,305960,12851477,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,SDu,"I love the concept of the game. Create a dragon, grow it with rpg elements. It's an early access game and most of the promised features are not yet in the game.What can you do right now? You can create a dragon, customizing the colour and name, and then fly around the landscape. You can also do this with multiplayer.Multiplayer has been fairly laggy so far, but I think that's more to do with people murdering humans (causes big lag) than anything else.The flying mechanics are quite fun as they are now and flying around is enjoyable.It's not a ""game"" as yet though, there's nothing much to do.Recommending it on the basis of supporting the dev."
76561198021820260,Not Recommended,305960,30623601,Posted: 19 March,all,rubberduck,rubbish utter rubbish
76561198067532747,Not Recommended,305960,15015455,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ครђค,"This game is a piece of trash. i wasn't expecting much to begin with but the videos on the game list showed a playable game. what i got instead was a game that can't even be considered in it's alpha stage, the dragon was nearly uncontrolable and there was no NPC's to speak of. just.. a poorly rendered and textured area smaller than your average N64 gamespace and similar graphics. It's been 6 months sense purchasing it and dispite updates, it's still not even in any playable state. Do not waste your money on this one."
,Recommended,305960,12894884,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Maxious,Looks interesting. Very raw at the moment on the Mac. But if the author is both skilled and imaginative. Then I'm sure this could be a very promising game. For both me and all those other Dragon Lovers out there
76561198006579642,Recommended,305960,12977120,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,LoneWolf,"Very promising game! It is still in early stages of development, but they seem to be updating quite frequently. Please support this game!"
76561198006718412,Recommended,305960,12850604,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Hecklan,"Thumbs up for the potential this game has, right now like everyone is stating there not much to do, and the game crashed easily.  Hopefully this one works out seems like this game could be alot of fun."
76561198022340878,Recommended,305960,12852601,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Capt.1bloke,Great Concept. Very early acces. I bought it early to watch its development. Would not load onto Linux platform through Steam for some reason!
76561198039655882,Recommended,305960,12849638,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,GuitarStrap,I enjoyed the flight mechanics but i had a problem with taking off after landing where I started to fly backwards. I can't wait until this game is complete because it sounds like an awesome idea and i see a lot of potential!
76561198065541213,Not Recommended,305960,17913092,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Soviet Walrus,"This game will never be finished, do not buy. There is nothing to do."
76561198161912074,Not Recommended,305960,17362772,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Staggare,"I did have fun with this game and was excited to see it go somewhere... but it never even tried it seemed. There's no news on updates or why there haven't been any for what seems like months. I think it's just a quick, cheap game to grab our money and go.So sad. I was looking forward to a dragon game other than istaria or spyro =/"
76561198043732978,Recommended,305960,12994886,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Erich von Manstein,"Okay guys, this game is in it's pre-alpha stage as of now.  This said, it's not all that bad to buy, to keep up support for it.  If anyone has seen the forums it has for the game, you can see, it has a lot of positive things that are more than likely going to be added to it.  IF YOU SO CHOSE to buy this game, take note, that right now, it does not have a lot of features you can play with.  The Humans are barely established, the other monsters are pretty rare seen, and the terrain is actually pretty low-key as of this moment.  With the cons out of the way, do keep in mind, it's still a developing game.  You can get on their forums and type away on the things you want added, and more than likely so, they will be as long as it pertains reasonably to the game in question.  Still yet, I approve of supporting this game in the hopes that the devs will do their very best to make it what it was meant to be."
76561197974725094,Recommended,305960,12986211,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,m2crows,This is early early Alfa. It is missing a lot of features but it shows a lot of potential and it is cool to see a game grow from the begining.I warn all who want this that if they want a game with features then you should wait. If you are okay with bugs and min features but want to help the process in building the game then get it.When this game is finished it will be glorious.
76561198097139322,Recommended,305960,25473054,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,SamManta586,"It's a great game with a lot of potential, it just needs more time to reach that potential. Developer, if you're reading this then keep up the good work because this game has so had so much improvement since I bought it back near its first release. I'd say without a doubt if anyone is interested in a full on dragon ggame then BUY this game because out of all the dragon games out there thiis is our best bet for doing our mythical lizard friends justice."
76561198153846157,Not Recommended,305960,18893712,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,NET | p3rviou5,horrible game
,Recommended,305960,23249261,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Drejzer,"This game has potential.I'm not sure if it's worth its price at the moment but I have faith in the devs.Why? Mostly because I'd LOVE to see more games in which I can play as a dragon(NOT a dude riding a dragon/turning into a dragon(or a wyvern)/or controling a dragon/wyvern/something...) and as of now I have difficulties finding any.Of course the controls are unintuitive, unreliable and kinda weird(the camera!).the graphics... aren't bad... at least not too much.You can see that devs are making progress.(thouh the game is still buggy as hell).......(ALL HAIL THE DRAGON!!!)"
,Recommended,305960,24488447,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,KnightOfTheNine,"I know that there hasn't been many patches lately, but the game idea is good and this game has a lot of potential. I would be patient about the game, as some features might take months to complete"
76561198239330656,Not Recommended,305960,17065589,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,eeveexgurl,"not sure about this game, i cant get it on full screen,i just get a black screen and on window i have to move my task bar to click the buttons edit and so on and when i tried to play the game it crashed"
76561198062261702,Not Recommended,305960,19160850,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Ghersty,"This game is complete garbage, I've bought this game when it was very close to its release date and still today I can't make a dragon with any stats, when I did originally make a small dragon The graphics were horrible, the game play choppy, and couldnt find anything to kill. I shot fire out on some trees and that was about as much as i felt like wasting time on."
76561198026342102,Recommended,305960,12836435,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Spartan878,So far there is not much to do but fly and burn down buildings (and change the color of your dragon) but still your a dragon how many games incould dragons but actually let you play as one? I can only name four and the spyro games (I honestly lost track of the seires after year of the dragon). I can't wait to see what the developers have in store for this game. I feel that once enuff time passes and upades roll around this will be a great game to play.
,Recommended,305960,29904195,Posted: 13 February,all,Czavitar,It has an absolutly amazing concept and with its new partnership the game will finally get some updates  i recomend buying to help the devs as i did(just love the devs of this game) so dont judge by its actual state cuz as its stated it is on early but now things will move
76561198018621312,Not Recommended,305960,12934631,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,tbc56,play button in game doesnt work.
,Recommended,305960,23528308,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,PossessedPecan,"Ok so a lot of people are saying that this is a bad game at the moment it is not the most amazing game no, but it is still in early access and the concept of this game is incredible I mean what other game lets you ""be"" a dragon and do what you want to do... I can't name any. People are also saying that the devs are not being very active but they did just recently post on Facebook an update on some of the new graphics they are going to introduce soon so they are attempting to improve the game as much as they can for the moment. So please stop with all of these negative comments about this they are trying an I would like to see you do better."
,Recommended,305960,12847384,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Cryomancer42,Definitely in a very early alpha but if you want to be a dragon go ahead and buy it.
76561198304129901,Recommended,305960,28480907,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ShYdArKnEsS1,I for one love this game. I am a sucker for dragons...But the only thing i do not like about this game is that it dose not have a map to make it easier to find places. Also the lack of customizations for the game I think there could be more to it. Other than that it is a great game and I would love to see more.
76561198050832089,Recommended,305960,12846708,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Banezilla,"yes it very early alpha, and i mean early . don't get it if you want more then to just fly aourn for about 20 min. and for the love of God DONT DELETE YOUR DRAGONS!!!!!!! there is a buy that if you do you wont be able to play anymore and have to a hard reset.with that said the game will get better, ive chated with the dev's on the live stream and they are very excited for what this game will have to offer and so am I.get i now if you want to support it or wait and get later , but you will get it sooner or later"
76561198040557124,Recommended,305960,12884468,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Lazero,"The developers do seem to care about this one, as I am beginning to. bugs galore right now. I landed on a mtn side, and suddenly a big troll or orc came at me, I fought and flamed like krazy and killed him, then was unable to eat, because I fell thru the world. It was great for a sec there. Seems to help a bit when angles go wanky, to hit shift to wiggle or speed out of it..sometimes it works."
,Not Recommended,305960,14446278,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,shaun056,"How did this ever get allowed to be on steam?The textures need work, there are more glitches than I can count, the menu system is confusing and in no way easy to navigate, the controls are mind boggling, the sound poor. Pretty much everything about this game is bad.I've played plenty of early access games before and they've worked out mostly ok, but this is just insulting. It's a really nice idea but abysmally executed and in it's current form I can't reccomend it one ioata."
76561198025498215,Recommended,305960,12883513,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,[TFB] Res7borg,Enjoying the game it looks to be a great future game but right now its a whatever. I love the speed of the flying and the shooting flame ability i wish they would add different things to breath other than just red fire like mabey blue flames or ice breath so you can shatter it with a claw slash. Now i don't know if anyone else is having this problem but is there music in this if so i am not getting it if not so can't wait to see what the devs put in for it. Also i just love how you can kill people and animals and eat them to gain exp and not just destroying houses to gain it smart choice there.
,Recommended,305960,12845706,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Necrodusk,"UPDATED: 14 November 2014First off, let me say that this game is in VERY Early Access. All you can really do at this time is fly around and flame some stuff, so if you're looking for a finished game, don't get this just yet. However, this game has a lot of potential, and at this point in time, looks very promising. How it goes from here depends on where the dev takes it, though they seem to genuinely enjoy doing this, so I have high hopes for how it comes out.I'll edit this as more content is released and the game is updated.Now, there are currently a number of bugs that are with the game (to be expected from early access) including:~The Exit button does not work (EDIT: The Exit button only seems to break if you delete a dragon)~If you delete a dragon after creating it, it will no longer let you choose/create new dragons, and you are stuck with the dragon you deleted. (EDIT: Completely deleting the ""Dragon"" folder in steam => steamapps => common folder on your C: drive (or wherever Steam installs itself to) and reinstalling the game seems to fix this).~After deleting the dragons and restarting the game, the ""New World"" is shaded out, until I tried to exit the game (which failed because the button was broken) and went back to the menu, where the New World option was available again, even though forcing me to play as the dragon I deleted.~There is also a case of extreme lag, especially when flaming people. (EDIT: It has been fixed, since now it isn't and endless fountain of food, but it still lags at least my game, even though it doesn't crash the game like it used to.)~An issue with the mouse staying inside of the window when in windowed mode~The camera runs a little high, especially when you land, and seems to get stuck on whatever position it had to go to when you landed.~Resolution problems, where changing the resolution affects the menus (at least in Windowed mode, not sure about fullscreen), making it difficult to navigate them because they do not size down with the res, or they compress to fit into the window without changing size, thus overlapping each other.~RPG elements are minimal, killing humans and ""eating"" the blocks they dropped increases your experience bar, even though I haven't found enough humans to get to the level up screen just yet.~Customization is minimal down to changing your dragon's color.~Perhaps moving the dragon closer to the screen when customizing so you can see them better, as well as enabling a sort of free look so as to be able to clearly see every part of the dragon you're customizing~A lot of very bad lag, don't know if it's my computer. But the moment the game starts to the monent it closes there is lag.Glitches aside, and despite its current minimal state as I'm playing it (14 Novemeber 2014 --- 7 Days after release) this game looks very promising and genuinely fun. I'm looking forward to where the devs take this."
76561197981700122,Recommended,305960,12848176,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,hencygri,Early access:This game looks to have a lot of promise the concept is awesome and what is out now looks good and feels good for an alpha. That said it IS an alpha and if you arent capable of dealing with that then wait for release. If RPing a dragon is something youve always wanted to do then get it before the price goes up!
76561198008118512,Recommended,305960,12850482,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Rock On A Cock,"there isnt much to do right now in it, however there is a lot of potentiol for this game to be really good. i just hope that the develepers will work hard on it and not just update it 2 or 3 times and then forget about it."
,Recommended,305960,13035949,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Reinert Zerker,"Love it.It's in developemental stage right now, but once it's at a prime for few bugs/glitches, I think it'll be a great game. $17 is a bit much to pay for though right now, though I do hope they plan on making actually worth that amount. For the consistent updates and dedication to it, 10/10. Keep going guys! I love being a damn dragon!!!"
76561198161322404,Recommended,305960,12930079,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,deshon.sicard,its not bad. But rather good!!!
,Recommended,305960,12839642,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Danny,"Bought this game and to be honest you get get exactly as it says on the tin,A dragon: Well thought out and most of the basic features are there, you can fly, breath fire, burn down tree's and house etc you get the idea.Landscape: Bleak and empty and without proper borders at the moment but thats to be expected at such an early stage.there are some birds and I had hoped that they would be edible but no such luck yet but as i said this is very early stages.Gameplay: Has a lot of potential not much else to say on this.Should you buy it?If you like playtesting games and supporting developers, they go ahead but don't expect much bang for your buck just yet.If you want  full swinging areal combat and fully fledged dragon with many people and places to rule over then no. Wait for a later alpha release or the actual release.As for the recommendation the developers have not put the game on a pedestal and it is what they say it is.Just for the potential of this game im going to say yes, follow it and buy it later or buy it and playtest it now."
,Not Recommended,305960,24095877,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,smetch,lol refunded...
76561198083890768,Recommended,305960,12868228,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,*:･✯ Molly Golly ✯･:*,"if u have problems here is what they have seid to do:Getting into the game:1. Open Game2. Click CREATE DRAGON3. Create the dragon (don't forget a name in the upper left corner)4. Click NEW GAME5. Enter world name (does not save yet)6. Click on mapDeleted dragon problems:There are two different solutions I have seen so far. The first:1. Go to Program Files2. Open SteamApps3. Open Dragon4. Delete the Characters and Characters.drg filesOr:1. Open Steam Game Library2. Right click on Dragon: The Game3. Open Local Files tab4. Browse Local files, but don't do anything else yet.5. Uninstall the game from Steam6. Delete the Dragon folder from WinExplorer7. Delete the file from the Recyle Bin8. Reinstall Dragon"
76561198013283527,Not Recommended,305960,12849671,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,SEXY CRABS,"In my previous review, I stated that the game flat out didn't work.I take that back, it does, I was just being an idiot and not understanding that you need to name your dragon in the upper left corner.As for the actual review, all you can do is fly and burn down maybe 3 or 4 buildings.Honestly, this is ridiculous for even EA, I should at least have SOME sort of game. The ""Current In-Game Features"" lists villagers, basic combat, and other things, but either I'm not seaching hard enough or these features don't exist in the current game. Overall, in this state, from a company who has no other games published save this early alpha, I'd reccomend caution. You never know whether or not this could turn into an amazing game, or if the developer could just pump out mediocracy and walk off with bags of cash.Therefore, in this current state, I have to say that it would likely be wise to save your money instead of getting this, at least for the time being."
76561198076369224,Recommended,305960,12848201,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Carrell1109,Its a good start but we shall see more as the next updates roll out.
76561197960463503,Recommended,305960,23838060,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lemon Jello,"The game is in an early access state, so it is not finished. The team developing this game is small but dedicated. I've had the pleasure to talk to some of the developers about their ideas and goals for Dragon and whereas the updates for the game aren't as immediate as one may want, the game is developing into a great open world RPG. Support the developers and watch this game soar."
76561198156367449,Recommended,305960,12988141,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,SmolNyoom,I LOVE this game. one of my all-time favorites i hope the best for this game
76561198124766068,Recommended,305960,12889692,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ATypicalGamer,"Obviously this game is still very pre alpha but so far i think it has great potential already, just flying around is so fun since it gives you this feeling of freedom, things to fix so far:When i killed some people, after four or five seconds they came back to lifei also only encountered them in two areas of the mapCan presently fly out of the map, beyond the bordersafter seven or so minutes the game started to get really slow, maybe because i gained alot of speed whilst in the airNontheless still very very early days going great thus far, if they do the job right it certainly can become possibly one of the funnest games ive played"
76561198037205730,Recommended,305960,12838726,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Lokono Exri,LIVING THE DREAM BABY!!!!!!!!
76561198162114414,Recommended,305960,30348192,Posted: 5 March,all,dragongal2011,This game is unique in that the main character is a dragon. The controls are a little tricky at first but everything looks good so far. Keep up the good work!
,Not Recommended,305960,12880989,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Matt,"Holy crap.How the heck did steam let this go through?I can't even see the darn dragon I'm editing, let alone all the broken mechanics like, oh I dunno ""start"". Let alone that none of the sliders seem to do anything and I'm the first one to love making animals/characters and sitting there hours customizing them -- but I've basically just bought a game in which that is all I can do.Don't buy this game today, look for updates and save your $ for another time when it's clear this game has decided not to money grub. Sincerely hope that for those of us suckered in, we get some sort of update - if not, shame on you steam and shame on you developers."
76561198121734838,Not Recommended,305960,12869316,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Sval_Lakumee,"so i just downloaded this game and i know its in a very early stage of realease and will have many gliches but i am not able to acttualy play the game , i can only customize what my dragon looks like , can anyone help?"
,Recommended,305960,12884214,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,SEBBE,the game has alot of potential
,Recommended,305960,12849183,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Furfish Remix,Lit person on fire and they erupted into a geyser of flame 10/10 would burn again.
76561198007058549,Recommended,305960,12866097,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,floppy_evil,"game with Amazing potential, the controls take a few moments to really grasp but are intuitive enough. there is little content and a few game ending bugs but i love the concept behind this game and am excited to watch it develop into the great game i know it will be.Also when one of the game ending bugs is killing a person and the amount of blood that fountains out of them is soo much that it crashes your game, i honestly cant complain as i giggled the whole time it was happening."
76561198041080089,Recommended,305960,24562169,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Daddy Warbucks,This has potential to be the coolest game ever. It would be like being the dragon in Skyrim.
76561198084851123,Recommended,305960,34343060,Posted: 18 August,all,catalopman,"Bought it a few years ago for linux, can still download and launch but the linux\steam logo disappeared. Just thought you should know you might be losing potential customers. All in all its a good game for how far its came in development. Its not easy making a game."
76561198011963122,Not Recommended,305960,14550782,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Mekogekk,When i first saw this game I was the little boy excited to be able to fly in the skies as a dragon and grow into an all powerful master of the skies... sure I was able to fly... was not able to really grow since that is still bugged... fighting things and turning them into little charred pieces of meat is not that bad... exportation of the world is not currently worth it since it it bugged and does not render properly... but i will say that the game has potential if the creative team actually gets together and works on it...Since it is still Alpha right now -> It probably wont make beta with out your support -> my recommendation... let this dragon die and hope one day we will have a good game where we can roam the skies in full hd graphics
,Not Recommended,305960,19262081,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Wilder ♕ King,"Good concept, bad execution..."
76561197983526357,Recommended,305960,12837153,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Arlequis,"I would have to be critical and say this is way too early state for an early access release, however, while there is very little to see/do in the game in its current state (Nov 08), nothing about it gives me any reason to doubt the game will be as good as claimed in time.TLDR; Good game, early access too early, give it time."
76561198104192303,Not Recommended,305960,12929739,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,awilson,"Please explain the control keys. As an earlier reviewer remarked, the only options that work for me are exit and dragon buttons. Nothing else works. Tried every key on the keyboard but can't get anywhere.Can anyone help?"
76561198039401187,Recommended,305960,12847522,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,imaviking,"i recommend this game, but not at the moment. it is fun for a time. theres only so much you can do at the moment, but finally a dream for me has come true... be a dragon"
,Not Recommended,305960,19204962,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,iHannah,Just no.
76561198054728051,Recommended,305960,12882419,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Dreico,"nice concept, very early stages, I love Game with Ideas out of the box and playing as a dragon is awesome, i'm really expect alot from this game but again really early stages so I see my purchase more like a donations XD this game still has a long road ahead.at the moment is just a flight simulator =p"
,Not Recommended,305960,12854363,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,╰⊱-Rev The Dragon-⊰╯,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing ruined and the devs gave up. Please ignore this review. They ""restarted"" the game and they ♥♥♥♥ing ruined it by breaking literally everything. This game's going nowhere.Edit on October 21 2015 - Updates have been progressively slower and have come to a complete halt. I feel like the developer has given up. Everything is buggy and the menu is still broken. I do not recommend buying the game anymore.I've been following DRAGON for a while, and I was very excited when it was released yesterday. Even in its pre-alpha state right now, I can see that it still has a lot of potential. At the moment I'm writing this review, there isn't too much you can do in the game - You can only customize and name your Dragon fly around, burn a few things, even fly under the map.But, in the future, there will be many more features, which I am very much looking forward to! Such as, more customization, bigger worlds, (I believe I read--) quests (--somewhere), more creatures, castles, forts, caves, seas - you name it! Dragon might just be the one to have it!As you can see, I've already spent a good amount of time playing DRAGON. This is because I've been observing the game heavilly, and experimenting with the limited things I can currently do. It fascinates me. I'm very excited for the upcoming updates so I'll have more to experiment with!SUMMARY:Is it good?Yes.Is it worth buying right now?If you are interested in playing it in the future, yes. It will get more expensive as time goes on."
,Recommended,305960,12876408,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Randalucifer,"This game is a very early access game, and you should not play it unless you want to continuously support it in development. Now that we got that out of the way, this game is AMAZING so far. There's not much to do in it, but you can still have fun. So far you can customize your dragon, fly around, and burn some stuff. The map is not completed, so you  will find the end of the map, and can fly under the map, so you can mess around with that. You should definetlley buy this game now if you want to play it in the future, because with all of this potential, the price will probably go up. So, if your not interested with this early access version, still buy it so you can play in the future."
,Recommended,305960,12878469,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Contact,"Has a long way to go - but the developers seem to care about its community. I have trust that this game will become absolutely fantastic. But for now, it's just a kickass dragon-flight simulator :)."
76561198046136545,Recommended,305960,12872967,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Buddy Jesus,"This game is as it says in early beta, but i know my friend would have killed and i mean literally killed for this game if he were alive today. Any dragon lover should support this game if only to show the development team your support so they make the best game possible. I showed my roommate the stat page and creation choices and he left the room rubbing his hands together muttering to himself ""I must tell Will about this game."" My one suggestion is that in character creation i seemed to be stuck veiwing my dragon from behind and thus found the fact i could customize my dragons head rather meaningless or at least i didnt have any visual representaion of my choices i just had to hope for the best.  if you ever add a feature to spin your dragon and see a 3d representation i will be wholely satisfied but for now i will be glad with more things to slay and destroy."
76561198115047049,Recommended,305960,12881893,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Vwafflehaus,WILL be an awesome game. Buy it to support that will be awesome game.
76561198046675266,Recommended,305960,23991154,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dustin,"Amazing potential for this game!Much like JAWS: The Unleashed, you're a Dragon that can free roam, fly around killing who ever you want. Also upgrading your strength.Very much excited for further updates.7/10"
,Not Recommended,305960,22837579,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,roger.kintz7,THIS GAME IS GREAT IF YOU WANT TO KNOW HOW TO WRAP YOUR LIPS AROWND A GOOD OLD FASHION 45!!!!!
76561198056843445,Not Recommended,305960,13079712,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Lover of GOD,"This game was a waste of money. It certainly has the potential to be something very entertaining, but the images displayed do not reflect the content of the game. I would not recommend this to any of my friends. I wish I could get my money back."
76561198064343212,Recommended,305960,12859996,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Lizard Mama,"So far, for an early access game--it's reallyI've always wanted to have a game where I get to be the dragon, and I hope it just gets better and better.This game is fairly simple, and some might think the price is TOO HIGH for the simplicity of it so far, but I find it very entertaining, and the online portion is great when there are people.______UPDATE______I bought this game 2 days ago, and so far have enjoyed playing it, even if it fairly simple SO FAR.BUGS:-For me and others, when in online mode, where you spawn, there are a few trees, and some really small people, if you burn them, it causes the game to get INCREDIBLY laggy, and you then have to exit the game and restart it to fix the problem.-When flying, making a hard right will cause your dragon to become permenantly tilted to the right, screen/camera too, and it makes it increbibly hard to fly and walk, and look around, this also must be fixed by restarting the game.DISLIKES:-Me and others I have talked to on the online servers have expressed their frustration that while typing, when using the spacebar key it causes your dragon to jump. It wouldn't be much of a problem if when typing and pressing space TWICE before your dragon lands the first time it causes it to jump off and fly off of whatever you may be perched on. If you're flying, then it's not a big deal.-There is NO SOUND. You're probably working on that, I'm just saying I love dragons and especially their sounds, so whenever you could get that inw ould be great.LIKES:-For an early access game, I really appreciate what you have so far, it's fantastic.-Love the online mode, not many people, but it's fun to fly aroudn with them when there are a few. It's very simple to set up a room and host it.-Dragon's flying animation is very nice.IDEAS:-Maybe center the dragon more in the middle of the camera?-Perhaps make the dragon larger? I think that would make it a bit nicer, especially since you get to choose different ages, so the sizes depends on the age, but I've done both YOUNG DRAKE and ANCIENT, and there is no size difference that I can see."
76561198100492866,Not Recommended,305960,12907683,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,AgentROFL,"The game doesent even start or allow me to start. I can only hit ""create dragon"" and the exit button but I have no other options available.Also the exit button just stopped working as well. Now I cant even go to the dragon creation options either"
76561198076499399,Not Recommended,305960,12880646,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Vlatos,Not sure whats going on here  i cant even start it
,Recommended,305960,26530705,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,<{ÇÇH}×Çarçino×> @School,"My Review on this game.Probably a sh*tty start, but it doesn't matter. I'm just giving out my opinion.Sure, this game is in Early Access; it also contains some typo's as well. But I'm pretty sure it'll get better over time. The game is mostly laggy apparently~ regardless of the settings and there's few to little no enemies. The fact of most of them usually falling through the ground when killed is kind of annoying~ but that's just me. Because this is a game actually made for you to play as a dragon. When you think about it...there's not many games that'll allow you to play as an actual dragon by itself.Usually,mostgames contains dragons. However, it either involvesyoukilling it ortamingit.(If you can, that is.)Otherwise... killing it seems, well~ mostly the case in most games apparently. Take this game as if it wasGoat Simulatorin early development. Sure, not quite the best example. But hey...Goat SimulatorisGoat Simulator. Dragon: The Gameis justDragon: The Game.Goat Simulator- Like all games, it takes quite a lot of time to create, and for the developers to make the game... they created the game for other people to enjoy. To at least pass the time with and have fun. Such as this game~Dragon: The Gamein early development. It sure has a lot of work to do. Sure, it may be taking a while for each update~ butthere's always a reason behind it.At least give credit to these people~ they at leastmade the game and updated it time to time, and to update it time to time isbetter than never.Updated Review @ 2:15 AMI realized most people are hating over this game tbh, and hating those who support it; or would like to support it. I kinda find it a bit sad.I'm not saying I don't respect their opinions for hating the game or something like that. But... really, to hate people over the fact of writing a review for this game or supporting it. Come on now; no wonder why I lost faith in humanity. Aye, many people tend to not really see the bright/positive side; to appreciate the littlest things in a game.Look, I know there are you people who are disappointed in the fact you got this game. But seriously, you all should've looked a bit better to see it's in Early Access.It has bugs, ALL games do.Don't you know how hard the dev's have to work just to make the game enjoyable with good graphics? With a good engine and other stuff? Jesus guys/gals, that's sad you have to hate this game over the crappiest of excuses.There are those of us who are loyal, and whom who will support throughout the test of time; there may not be alot of us. But hey, we got a taste and we can say we supported it at least unlike those who hadn't seen the positive side. To know how long the developers have to work, how hard they have to work... taking days, weeks, months, or even YEARS to improve the game. What do you people who complain do?Hate, complain, whine about it.That's it. Just that.To those who probably don't like the game at all yet still support it... and doesn't hate on other people and respect their opinions on the game...I'd like to sincerely thank you.~ It's a mature move tbh.I also would like to thank those who did read my Review here, I just wanted to point a few things out. Hopefully some people can see my side and see how entirely tiring it is for people to hate this game over bugs and stuff when they don't have to work 24/7, having to do days... weeks, months or years of work like the Developers have to do.Most of you don't know how hard it is.Updated Review @ 4:54 PM.The game seems much less laggier now from what I've seen, still a few bugs...~But improvement is all that counts. x3"
76561198080171601,Recommended,305960,12869544,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Ecron,Why cant i even play it the buttons for single nd multiplayer are greyed out
,Not Recommended,305960,12921837,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,BigKahuna,"Dont waste your money here, Awful graphics, no sound, and glitchy menu buttons."
76561198099485334,Recommended,305960,26850773,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Adrein,"its an alpha indie game guys, if you know anything about development you would know that its gunna be a few years atleast before this game comes together"
,Not Recommended,305960,14666032,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,The Forsaken One,"Just because it is early access does not mean it has the excuse to be this bad, I paid 20 dollers for a game and what I got was a barely functional game with no clear goals or even an attempt at a story. I have played some truely great early access games on steam but trust me this game is not among themlet us look at the detailspros- play as dragon (skyrim has better graphics and playable dragons mods with better controls)- wide open world (not done very well and just abruptly ends into a void)- medicore fire effects ( takes up to 20 secobnds of blasting a house to even see it start burning)cons- horrid controls- enemies that appear out of mid air- super lag (and before people say its just my PC I can run Skyrim on ultra so its not the PC trust me)- twenty dollers for a freaking early access crud fest- menu controls barely work- dragon customization screen is has a very strange set up and atrocious controlsWhile this project has the potential to become truely great, at the stage it is now it should be a free to play or at least under five dollars. When minecraft's graphics look more inspired and the controls are worse then somthing out of an old atari system then you know you have a problem."
76561198152140394,Recommended,305960,28019065,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Starblast,"Great action, roleplaying, and all a good time."
76561197989260817,Recommended,305960,12870343,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Hannibal Lamb,"Yes this game is truly in Alpha. There are tons of bugs, and crashes. However the game has a great premise and shows alot of promise. The devs post when the next update is due. The reason why i think it deserves my 15 bucks (i got it on sale) is because of the general idea. There was a game called Eye of the Dragon a long while ago that played on the same idea but lacked execution and decent gameplay. I hope this one can make up where the other failed.I really like how you start as a hatchling and can work your way to to an Ancient dragon. The flight mechanics need abit of work as they feel clunky and non responsive sometimes like a broken helicopter. However i cant wait to see what in store for this games future."
76561198110032348,Not Recommended,305960,12837341,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,NeenerNoot,"This game has a lot of promise. I see, with a storyline, graphic enhansement, and other fun stuff, a great game in the future. Who wouldn't want a Skyrim-like RPG where you play as a flying, fire breathing, human conquering dragon in a open world? I do hope the 14 dollars was worth the possible amazing game in the future."
,Not Recommended,305960,13035329,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Texas Red,Poop
,Recommended,305960,13483445,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,MoFo,"The very first thing I noticed was that this game lacks optimisation. I have a decent build that can run most games on mid-to-high settings, but this game stutters even on the fastest setting and with the lowest resolution. It's extremely difficult to play when the game is stuttering, so in that regard I'm having a difficult time wanting to continue playing.However I also want to say that this game was a neat idea, I've been searching for a game like this since Horizons and I of the Dragon. The customisation could use some more work, most changes you make to the characters by way of appearance don't actaully seem to show up.Keep working on it, could be a great game once it gets some polishing done!At the moment I have to say it's not worth the amount I paid for it, but I can understand that the money will contribute to the improvement of the game.I hope to see it get some work done, please don't abandon it like so many other games! This is one genre of game left mostly untapped and we need more like it."
,Recommended,305960,13699655,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Fyosbane,I don't recommend this game due to how crappy the controls are. It's hard to play and you can't switch your camera view or even move it. But to be fair this game is in beta testing and I think it would be a great idea for a game as along as they develop it more.
76561198027025442,Recommended,305960,15879949,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,lionman200,"Only the flying really works, I would only buy this game to support and encourage them to finish making it. Right now it is almost unplayable."
76561198189999342,Not Recommended,305960,16303045,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,[P-00] Nigel  Approved,"uuugh... I would only recommend this game if actually wanted to play as a dragon other than that. Broken controls/flying mechanics, irrating camera angles, bad graphics,game breaking glitches and overpriced for something this early in development to waste your money on this product. I agree this game has potential and can be fun at times but needs alot more work before actually buying it. my personal score for this game is 2/10 until the developer improves it."
76561198017616645,Recommended,305960,15239902,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Crit Magnet,"This game is still in VERY early alpha at the time of writing, and for now it is basically a slightly laggy dragon exploration/flight sandbox.However, both the concept and the current in-game foundation has huge potential for expansion, and while notices and communication from the developers are somewhat slow, the updates are consistently substantial. What exists of the land and textures looks really good, and there is already a nice variety of animated mob types with in the beta (humans, animals and different monsters). The new dragon model looks and moves fantastic- I could absolutely imagine this creature creeping down a rocky crag or lurking in a fen.  Given that we already have the framework for both single- and multi-player games, a bit of diversification of dragon types/abilities, and a fair bit of world-building on the dev's site, this game could truly be built up into something awesome."
76561198014227166,Recommended,305960,15301901,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Face of Insanity,"Been Watchign its developement and the addition and testing of features and have to say that when this gets done it will be a pretty decent game, currently beta/alpha/testing phase but it definatly is shaping up."
76561198081781415,Recommended,305960,15227354,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,DutchDuk,pretty good
76561198104035282,Recommended,305960,15846716,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,_Vitura,"Not a bad game. Lots of bugs of course, as is with every game in progress. I've noticed that, when landed and turning the camera, the dragon spins as if on a plate, rather than on the actual ground. So one direction you're looking into the sky, another direction you're head-first in the ground. Another thing is the flight mechanics feel a bit off. I will be straight yet the dragon will be turning as if i weren't. And a tip I'd add is to possibly make it so that the dragon's direction is governed by the mouse? Like it will look where the mouse is 'pointing'. It's difficult to get around without being able to direct yourself."
,Recommended,305960,15662335,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,cbdel,I love this game you play as a beast i always wanted to create and play and this is the perfect game i already think this game is awesome and im so exited for the upcoming updates this is a game i would recommend for a million of my friends i love this game and i think the graphics on the background and buildings get an update and a bit on the dragon model but then the rest is amazing this is a game i love i wanted to thank you for making this game for me and for everyone
76561198079702915,Not Recommended,305960,12877070,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Kitinghatred,"Well, even though this has no audio, it is great, at least it will be. It may be the next skyrim, only time will tell. You take control of a dragon, and though you can only do the basics, by friday you'll be amzed. Only buy this if you're willing to have the pacience to wait for updates though. Around a year later I now despise this game. It has started lagging and crashing so badly I give up on the main menu and from what I can tell, it's been barly updated"
,Not Recommended,305960,18294780,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Spookburd,"The concept of this game is amazing, when i first saw the sneak peaks for it i was so hyped... but quite frankly i'm disappointed.Great potential though.. really hope it improves."
76561198067495412,Not Recommended,305960,18305485,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,SaladPigeon,"This game looks really fun, and I am just waiting and hoping that they update this soon, as it is way, way too laggy to play at the moment (on my computer, at leased). If you are willing to wait and have hope that this game will keep going, as I do, then buy it. But otherwise, wait until the next update or keep watching it until you see it is fit to buy. Unfortuantely at the moment I can't recommend it as it is not playable, but that doesn't mean that it couldn't become a fantastic game."
,Recommended,305960,13877798,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,RatchetMario [Thelombax51],"I know this game is quite unfinished, and Early Access Game state.It's kinda disappointment, there's alot of glitches in there. Camera and your dragon sometimes twist in random angle. And somehow you finds some pointless of this game. etc. But I don't care very much.Personally, I like the dragons.This game looks like an inspiration of ""I of The Dragon"" development since 2004, I like that game also. That you flys over the landscape, and killing the monsters.However, I'm still looking forward for this game until to final game. I might be recommend for this game...but It's still in under development...I suggest you to buy this game on final release! and let see how worth it..."
76561198110115805,Recommended,305960,13150889,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,HaHe20,"I recommend this game if you really love the idea behind being a dragon and if you want to support a promising idea. The positive side is that the developers of this game releasing patches nearly ervery single day and they try to develop a good game, hopefully.BUTDon't buy this game for a price of 16€ if you are not really into this idea or dragons. It is a pre pre alpha version of the game. You actually can fly around with a dragon and chase some cows, humans or goblins, at least I think they are...and set some buldings or trees on fire. Thats all, it is more like a testing area and not a game. Moreover don't believe in the Exit buttom it does not work at least not in my case but I still believe in the game.. I have to because you know I already bought it...idiot...or not I will see."
76561198030392111,Recommended,305960,13368476,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,PP | EpicSaxGuy,"i will suggest this game. it has a lot of potential. An RPG with sandbox features involving dragons??? ♥♥♥♥ yeah this is a truly new and innovative ideas!!!!for now it is an ALPHA. so it buggy. it will crash. the game world is pretty empty. so if you want to pay for play it, expect these prblemes.the pro:-being a ♥♥♥♥ing dragon(screw Dovakin)-refreshing idea for rpg game(not the common game with the lost memories-escaped prisoners-chosen one making quest to level up)-a world with nation other dragons and in general relations status to check up(not yet included but programmed to do by  developerscontro-all the bug-all the glitch-all the camera angles-the controls-the emptness of the world-in general ALL the problems that an unfinished game has(remenber is an ALPHA-if you want the complete game wait for the official release)if you want to contribute buy the ALPHA but be prepared for it. not buy it thinking to buying Skyrim and founding instead  an Empty demo"
,Recommended,305960,12880068,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,BlackVortex,its get better and better i would would recomend buying it its fun but not much to do i like it tho cuz you no YOUR A G.O.D DAMMED DRAGON
76561198079664213,Recommended,305960,14794258,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Gadget,"It's fun to know what it's like to be the dragons for once. I've always wondered what Skyrim would look like through a dragons eyes. And thanks to this game, I now know. I can't wait for the updates for this game, and I hope the developers keep it up! Anyway if you want so see life through a dragons eyes, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,305960,14840580,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Khaamat,"Since I was born I knew I was different. I liked things that werent so usual for people in my age and I was drawn to fantasy worlds to have my own freedom. It was through a crisis that I could find the answer to all of my problems. I wasnt so sure since it wasnt a guaranteed success because it was all very new. But I've decided to give it a shot because for me, there wasnt much that could go wrong. For some time I've awaited nervous, but I knew in my heart it was the best choice.Now I'm finally able to be myself.I can scorch my enemies with my everlasting flame, make all the mortals bend to my will and give me their souls, have a magnificent pile of treasure to sleep in every time I want and I shall eat anyone who DARES to oppose me.My armour is like tenfold shields, my teeth are swords, my claws spears, the shock of my tail is a thunderbolt, my wings a hurricane, and my breath death!I am fire. I am...death."
76561198098262985,Recommended,305960,14953575,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,damonjclark,"Lot f potential, hope more work is done to improve the game"
76561198046458619,Recommended,305960,13376450,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Necroluna,"I'm so happy to have found a game of this description! I cannot wait for this game to be a finnished product. At this point in time the controls are very awkard, flying makes me dizzy and there isn't much to do. Obviously the game needs alot of work, but I do believe it has alot of potential! I just hope the devs do not give up on it. I'm still happy to have bought the game and help support it. :)"
,Not Recommended,305960,16481878,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jacob,"I got this game on release day. It has been almost 2 years since this game came out. I have checked on it about every few months. This game has grown very little. It is far from actually fun. People may say, ""THIS IS A EARLY ACCESS GAME!!!! GIVE IT A BREAK!!! IT ISN'T EVEN DONE! YOU ARE SUCH AN IDIOT!!!!"". My response to that is, Have you ever heard of the games Don't Starve, Arma III, or Starbound. That is what I thought. Those games were all early access at one point and look at them now. I will not recommend this game and don't think I ever will."
76561198080399577,Not Recommended,305960,12844557,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Blue,"this game seemed like a great concept 2 years ago, but 2 years in early acess isn't all that reassuring that it won't end up like a game similar to starforge, which would be nice but seeing is that it's still in EA bothers me"
76561198005908527,Not Recommended,305960,13896004,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,alipetzky,(older)seems like a interesting idea and i deffinatly look forward to seeing it competed(old)i have been waching this game now for a few years and still canot sit down and play it. I think i wasted my money.(new)i posted my first review 2 years ago now and the game is still not playable. at least dwarf fortress is free
,Recommended,305960,21266474,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Bird Enthusiast,"At this stage (being written as of 8.5), there are still bugs, but less than there was beforeSome oft these bugs may still exist, though, as i have yet to test them due to being stuck on the same maountainous world (more on that in bugs/issues). That being said, i'll leave past comments there, but they will be marked with ""(8.04)"" after them, and at the end of the section.Bugs/Issues---YOU CANNOT QUIT THE GAME NOMALLY ONCE YOU'RE IN. Once you're in the game, the pause menu only brings up the new tabs (dragon, grow, hoard) and the options of ""Resume,"" ""Respawn,"" ""Controls and Tips,"" and ""Options.""There is no option to quit.Looking at other screenshots of the game, all the menus are in the right places, but i think instead that it's the UI that isn't scaling correctly relative to the developer's resolution, resulting in either inaccesible or overlapping (or both) buttons.---If you choose to respawn, you'll be stuck at a loading screen for an indefinite amt of time (i sat at the loading screen after respawning for around 7 minutes)---Upon creating a dragon, no matter the kind, when looking at it in the selection screen, it will always show as a ""Drake, Green Dragon"" (the devs noted this in their update notes)---Even with the deletion of an old dragon and the creation of a new one, you still have the same hoard, the same stats, and spawn on the same map (regardless of which map you choose)---After picking my map for the first time, get used to it, because you will be stuck there FOREVER.-Even after reloading and selecting a different map, you will be sent to the same map you were just at.---The music/sound effects are quiet, and there are no volume options in the ""Options"" menu---You have to look directly at a target, so you don't know if it's dead or not (The only way i can tell is if the health ticker stops counting down, as well as the sound effects from said creature stopping)---there is no enemy health bar (which would be really useful)---enemies pile onto the center of your dragon, making them difficult, if not impossible to kill---trees still don't bleed---M3 (clicking the mousewheel) for tail bash doesn't work---what is M5? (for a fireball)---the funfacts at the loading screen pop by too fast to read it all accurately---you can't see the ""Play"" button on lower resolutions, but even on hiugher resolutions it is stacked under the ""Your Dragons"" button---Starving still has no consequence---having the ability to walk through small houses (8.04)---floating stuctures (8.04)But there are some good things!---eating is no longer instantaneous---the day and night cycle is excellent and pretty---there is now a health counter (for yourself, at least)---you can no longer fly off the edge of the map---the map is of colossal and realistic size---animations are very smooth---fun combat (even with enemies climbing onto you, lol)---you no longer fly up faster than you fly forward---scrolling up in the ""Grow"" menu reveals money! One gold unit is 65 actual gold into your hoard, instantly. Be rich!---Hunger now depletes at a rate relative to what you're doing (standing, running, flying), and at a much more reasonable rate---no more glitching water (8.04)---swimming! (though your head is underwater) (8.04)---the developer(s) makes almost *no* contact with their community. we don't know if it's still being worked on, and (i feel) we have little input on the next features to be implemented/bugs to fix~I've not entered any cave yet (as none have spawned for me in either the past version or the current one)~I've also not experimented with the effects of weight and armors on flying and combatIt's exactly what it says to be—Dragon The Game. It is also still in early access, and the bugs listed in the first portion are accaptable (for now). And, unlike many other early access games i've heard of, the devs are still working on it (and from what i can tell, progress will only be getting faster from here!)It's an excellent game with immeasurable potential, and things will only get better from here."
76561198072827864,Not Recommended,305960,14450389,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,dangeraaron10,"Feburary, 2015 was when I first gave this game a review.I gave it a thumbs up because it had potential.  Sadly I'm going to have to update this review, as of January 2017, and change it to a thumbs down only because I just remembered that I backed this disgrace on both Early Access and then on their (somehow successful) Kickstarter.I bought this game initially when it first crept onto Steam in Early Access form.  It was a little square of land floating in the endless void where you got to move around a shoddy looking dragon asset, fly around haphazardly and burn some villager and goblin assets.  Even then, in the most barebones, tech-demo-y existence of this game it was more playable then than it is now.  Let this sink in.Two years ago, the game was more stable than it is right now.These days, despite a few additions of enemies and ground textures, the game has made almost no positive changes.  But it has made changes.  Oh yes, the game's stability has actually degraded over the last year or so.  The dragon controls terribly, buttons simply do not work, commands are mapped to mouse buttons that don't exist on most commercial mice, enemies still try to kill you long after you killed or even ATE them, the game crashes frequently and such a simple looking game runs awful on even high end computers.Did I mention there was, or might still be, an achievement that's granted if you go into a cave lair and get stuck there?  Because that's acceptable.  The lair isn't there anymore, to my knowledge.There is nothing redeeming here.  There's no fun gameplay loop here.  It's a herculean effort just to get the game to work on your computer.The thing that really stings the most is the complete lack of communication from the developers to their EA Steam community.  Long bouts of silence broken up by non-updates if the community got too silent and goes so far as to childishly insult its concerned stakeholders because they are rightfully upset about the product they might have double-dipped funds into in hopes it would become their dream dragon game.I really wanted this game to be good.  I still do, in fact!  But honestly, if its incredibly small but incredibly dedicated fanbase tried, they could probably make a far better game in half the time.Pros?  Nothing.  Cons?  Everything.Avoid.  The Dragon Dream remains a dream, for now.This was my previous review in Feburary 2015:This game is very promising.  It's like a dragon egg starting to bump around and crack the shell.  From what I've seen of Red Level Games they seem to be passionate about the project and are using the funds they recieved already from Early Access to hire more people to their team.  Updates are oncoming and just had one recently to its beta client.  If you're looking for a finished game I obviously cannot reccomend it, but the game has a long way to go and the devs and players know it.  However, if you look at the money as an investment and you're really interested in seeing this project come into fruitation for the ultimate dragon game, then I'd give it a buy.Flying around burning stuff is fun in its own right.  I find myself logging on occaisionally to the live client just to torch some goblins or townsfolk, while also attempting to break the stamina bar in order to continuously accelerate in the air, flying at Mach 2 before crashing into a mountain.  All I can say is, as of right now it's a mildly fun but flawed dragon flight simulator with some objects to torch.  But I hope that this game sticks it out in the longrun."
76561197996137709,Not Recommended,305960,14101390,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Nightshade,"More than anything else I want this game to succeed. However, the game is in early alpha stage and needs to be optimized so it becomes playable. It has a LOT of potential though and I am looking forward to the final product or even the beta. Assuming we ever get that far and this dev will ever make another update."
76561198066617626,Recommended,305960,23708398,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ArdanS,Go! Go! Go! You can do it! Thumbs up for support! I believe in you!
,Not Recommended,305960,14997848,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,❆Winter❆,"Alright. It has been, what, a year and a half now? The only ""updates"" I have seen are a dragon model that i've seen in other games, so it's not original, a new but even poorer quality map, and an ""upgrade"" system that doesn't even work. I'm disappointed that this game has gone hardly anywhere since I bought it. If this game doesnt show promise in the next few months, I'm going to be pretty upset. My review used to be positive, but the lack of updates is pretty frustrating. Wait much longer to work on the game, and someone else is going to make a game JUST like this and finish it. And this game will still be a work in progress.EDIT (2017)- like ffs, NO UPDATES!The devs promised HUGE updates multiple times, but only broken menus were made. The game and the devs are both sh*t. I can't believe I wasted my money on this trash. The devs don't update the game and they remain forever silent to us. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ""GAME""! You will regret every penny wasted on it. This thing hasn't gone through any progress whatsoever in nearly 3 freaking years. This game is a scam, and the ""devs"" are simply trying to steal your money through lies and false promises. Refund While You Still Can.I regret even laying eyes upon this heap of trash.in short,Pros- Nothing... really. If you have the game then you know just how bad it is.Cons-Controls- buggy and WAY too sensitive, even if you change them.Model- Bought (or stolen) same one used on mobile devices, and I mean ALL animals. bears, rabbits, people, wolves, even the dragon (are you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥kidding me?)Attacks- Poorly made and horribly executed (wolves can kill you...wolf models also bought or used from a free site. mobile device models)sounds- poorly made/usedterrain- don't even get me started... Everything is lumpy and choppy. In certain spots you fall through. Caves are buggy and broken, and they are useless. There is even an achievement where you can get stuck in the cave. Permanently. The developers did not care at all when they made the terrain.balanced ""ecosystem""- considering a bear can one-shot a dragon... need I say more?overall graphics- looks like a crappy- and free- failed mobile device game.Progress- Regressed. Previous one was a better map that wasn't as swampy and disgusting to look at. There was actually room to fly. Now, it's a swampy area with too many trees and obstacles.objectives- repetitive and disappointingLying Devs- Progress Reports saying they implemented or will VERY soon implement cleaner menus and a new model they are actually making. They had a youtube video of an incredible looking dragon model. Once they added said model, It was just a different mobile device model you can find in the crappy dragon sims on the playstore. Color menus are not realistic in the least, different dragon models with different stats have no real difference besides neon colors (the only colors) and nothing has really changed in the past 3-4 years.The devs are even supposedly making a weed growing game.All in all,the game sucks as much as the devs do, and I don't even know how this piece of Sh*t made it through Greenlight.Filthy Liars that made this game- if you are reading this, kys. Lying to all of the people who were overjoyed to see this game was low. Then ditching the project to make a weed game. Unbelievable.Go die in the Desert. Then rot in Hell, where you belong."
76561198089456464,Not Recommended,305960,18163325,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Tygriss,Two years ago when I wrote a review expressing my frustration they promised me they was going to really make grounds soon so I retracted it. Two years on and the game is been rebuilt from the ground up again...and only in alpha? Seriously?Wish I could just have my money back at this point.
76561197974793790,Recommended,305960,13531245,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,YotsuMD,"My dragon is flying backwards, and sometimes upside down.10/10 best Skyrim Simulator on the market."
76561198079415689,Not Recommended,305960,12846937,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Stormrunner,"I have had this game since release day yet barely any progress has been made. This used to be a positive review, but I don't recommend it anymore. This game has tainted my view of EA games, if you want a good example, check out something like Saurian. The devs there are continually adding new content and bugfixes, and I have given it a positive review for that (and also a warning that the game is still unfinished).Final draw came from the news that came out that all resources from this game were pulled and put into another project. I highly doubt this game will be finished ever. DO NOT BUY."
76561198059187128,Not Recommended,305960,35279722,Posted: 28 September,all,Mr. Caids,"So I've been playing this ""Game"" for about an hour and a half or so and... ok who am I kidding I havn't been playing this game. Because it's not a game it's a potato. A potato with dozens of eyes growing out of it. the graphics of the game look as if they were developed by a child who suffers from blindness and the controls aren't even controls. they're just butons that you can press to cause a bug and/or crash of the game.and if your like me and you wanted to go out and kill some villagers well no can do sir! becasue everytime you go to attack a villager the game  just magicaly resets itself so you get to do everything over again :) truly this is gameing development at its finest I had this game locked away in my lybrary sence it first came out because I was going to wait for it to get a little more ""meat"" to it. well I got the meat alright only problem is that it's spoiled, and infested with the plague!"
,Not Recommended,305960,16346012,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dragonite,"Said I'd come back to this when future updates happened, and . . . I don't like what I see. At all. It's clear that the developers don't know what they're doing - and I make games too, so that's not something that I say lightly. Here's but a sampling of the things wrong with the game:- Controls are a mess and don't do what you tell them to do half the time.- Camera has a weird relationship with the ground and either clips or gets stuck quite often.- Menus don't work, buttons don't disappear when they should, text is rendered behind the buttons instead of on top of them, etc.- Terrain is boring (it looks computer-generated) with next to no features to make it interesting.- Nothing to do in the game world. Explored for twenty minutes and nothing of interest happened.- It's been several years and this game has still gone nowhere.Sorry, guys. This honestly wouldn't pass for a prototype in my Game Design 106 class, let alone something that should be sold on the Steam store.Original reviewThe idea's amazing and there are alotof directions that this game can go, but when they say this game is Early Access, they mean this game is VERY Early Access. I will absolutely be updating this review as more stuff gets released.You create yourself a dragon, you can fly around and you can incinerate stuff - and by that I mean trees - and that's pretty much it. My extremely low hour count isn't because I got bored, it's just because there isn't a whole ton of stuff to do in here . . . yet. The good news is, as of right now they seem to be updating about once a month, ish, and hopefully that'll continue to happen for a good long while.I have high hopes for this game, but I'm honestly not sure if I shouldreallyrecommend it yet, I'll give it a thumbs up for now but I kind of wish there was a ""neutral"" option. Definitely wait until you can get it on sale."
76561198009829375,Not Recommended,305960,15437906,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,RRocks,"I originally wrote a postive review for this game two years ago, when the first expected release date was only months away. I enjoyed the game then, when you could fly around burning buildings and eating dragon kibble.That was two years ago. I haven't abandoned this game in that time, but with every update the game has only gotten worse, not better. The giant open map I first played on? Gone, with only a tiny fragment that takes about a minute to fly across replacing it. Burning buildings? What buildings? There aren't any in the current version of the game, and even if there were, the current fire mechanic hardly works. Even better, the most recent update caused a bug where my game resets if my dragon travels more than ten seconds' travel from the spawn point.When I first purchased this game I was content to open up the game every few months to check for updates or spend a few mindless hours burning buildings, but now, neither of those things is an option because updates never happen and the game isn't currently playable. Communication from the devs is sporadic at best and what they say is, though likely unintetionally, rarely true. Maybe this game will get off the ground someday, maybe not... but I wouldn't hold my breath if I were you.Even though I'll continue waiting with bated breath myself, and as much as I want this game to happen, I cannot, in good conscience, recommend anybody invest in this game."
76561197971692688,Recommended,305960,20240798,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[57th] Stilgar,"The change in the game is substantial.Optimized - Even at maximum settings draw-in is handled better. It runs at a steady 45-65 FPS. Control over the dragon in flight is getting better.Now we're talking.I have to withdraw my negative review and feelings. The rate of change seemed far too slow and I was disappointed. But we are actually approaching something resembling what the game promised. (Whew - whatta mouthful)I would still be cautious - unless becoming a dragon is in your blood, you may want to wait for a more complete game to emerge.-------------It is still alpha and buggy but it keeps moving.edit - Tons of bugs. If you get quickly frustrated, pass."
