user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198114950823,Recommended,305940,16165169,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Vespy,"Banished in Sci-Fi is a good comparison.Beta 2 is a great city builder/economy simulation. Beta 3 will add research, putting even more emphasis on production optimization, in a resource scarce environment.This is an Early Release Game, so it's not fully balanced yet, and some of the UI is awkward still.There is no combat, which is something I appreciate. As an old gamer, I'm tired of having enemies, there are so many other ways to make games challenging and interesting."
,Recommended,305940,16434386,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Prima Medusa,"This game is fun. I have never written a review before, but I had to just say that the bad rep this game has gotten is unfair. Mainly this game is INCREDIBLY difficult, but if you keep that in mind then you're fine. This issue becomes when you want a simple game that you can check out of quickly. This game makes you micro-manage, you have to understand what things build into, and more than anything else you have to pay attention and READ THE FREAKING DESCRIPTIONS. (I enjoy this game way too much)."
,Recommended,305940,16237025,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SonOfADiddly,"Do you like watching lots of arrows advance along tracks that feed into other arrow tracks that then also advance but more slowly? Do you crave punishing difficulty and a fastidious attention to even the most minor detail? Wish EVE: Online was a little more like a spreadsheet? Then Project Aura is for you! You'll spend your first 40 hours in game constantly restarting while learning to farm your colony's poop for enough fertilizer to grow tomatoes in, and if you're lucky, your larder inventory WON'T randomly disappear! All the fun of Hermes Conrad's job- even watching 8 level 1 Recyclers all become level 2! Watch your citizens' morale drop when they realize you haven't stored enough food for them to eat tomorrow, and set yourself the lofty goal of producing a bread- there's like 7 different kinds of grain!(I know, it's a beta. Be prepared to make your own fun, though, at least for now.)"
,Recommended,305940,22652311,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Malar,"This is a unique game. It has a lot going for it, but bare in mind that this is not a game for everybody. What you get here is a vary deep production-chain and population manager. It has long production chains like in the Settler series. For instance just to produce the most basic food product- the seaweed portion you need a ship to bring in the raw sea weed. The♥♥♥♥♥♥needs a hangar, and a pilot. The hangar needs a director and a technican to maintain it. Then the seaweed needs to be processed. First you need to fatten the seaweed- for that you need a bioreactor plus a farmer of two. Once the seaweed is fattened you need to dry it, that needs another facility and a operator or two. And then you get the most basic food type. Don't get me even started on bread. And the game is a grind. And that can be disheartening at times. You need to invest a lot time into the game to get anything done. And there is a lot of micromanaging. This game is a micromanagers wet dream. You control everything, every individuals workplace, job, diet. The game is also very atmospheric- if you are into chillout music Stellardrone plays in the soundtrack. I'm having a lot of fun here. It is a breathe of fresh air after simple economic games like Anno. So if you are into micromanagment, complex production chains and you are not pulled off by grinding- thant this is a game for you. If you are looking for a quick, easy game- maybe not so much. There is still much that needs to be implemented to the game for it to truly shine- like disasters or research. But it is already playable and enjoyable and you can see where it is going. I think it is worth supporting in early access."
76561197997314759,Recommended,305940,17445170,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,lordgem,"I have read most of the reviews of this game before I bought it, both positive and negative and must say I was expecting a very unplayable game because of the number of negetive reviews and their vehemence. So I have been most pleasently surprise by the depth and complexity of this game, which is still in it's infancy. If you want a complete game then buy a complete game, this is not, as it says it is an alpha or beta if you prefer and many things don't exist yet. But if you are a patient gamer who likes to see a game grow and want to support a really good City Builder game in a futuristic setting, than this is the game for you. It is my considered opinion that those who have written the negetive reviews don't understand early access and have bad mouthed this game out of fustration, they are entitled to thier opinions but other then the ones who readily admit it is not far along as they though this game is playable and interesting and I would suggests the nay sayers give it another try"
,Recommended,305940,15061363,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Lictor,"I typically do not write reviews for Early Access titles because so much can change between when the review is written and when the game is actually declared ""finished,"" but I am totally willing to make an exception here.If you like citybuilders, this game is right up your alley.  At the time of this writing, the devs have a very strong skeleton in place and are working hard to flesh things out and balance the different systems.  There currently is a lot of guesswork involved because the tutorials don't teach you everything you need to know to get a city up and running, but once I finally got the hang of things and watched some Let's Plays to better fine tune my colony, I became addicted."
76561198017046481,Recommended,305940,21944329,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,phillip_myers,"I've been playing Project Aura for about a year or so now, and this game is a unique game. The goal of Project Aura is to create a self-sustaining city for survivors of a global climate change disaster. Unlike other city-building games, PA emphasizes the administrative side of running a city - foodstocks, medicines, production of fabrication materials to construct buildings, technology to support said buildings, and the logistical planning for put a functional colony together.As far as city-builders are concerned, PA is a unique experience. The administrative aspect of running a self-sustaining city requires much planning, critical awareness of systems and supplies, and expanding when the need or ability arises to combat various challenges facing the colony. In my opinion, PA provides a futuristic image of the post-human era, with the last vestiges of humanity attempting to survive on a now-hostile planet.I would whole-heartedly endorse Project Aura, as it provides hours of entertainment and challenge. The developers have worked hard at creating a cohesive, complex, and creative world respelndant with motifs of crisis, resilience, and survival. If you want something different from shooters, rogue-like clones, flights sims, or an RPG, check out Project Aura. There's a great community of people playing this game, so you'll join a corps of colonial directors determined to save humanity!"
,Recommended,305940,18194994,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,crowbarzero,"This is like the city builders that hits just the RIGHT spot. No random citazens joining or problems with educating citazens. You can keep a tight control over everyone while slowly getting past the point of just feeding your citazens to slowly and exponentially growing your city. Buildings are customizable to a certain degree to be able to fit within your plots as needed but also function how you need them to be. Grouping parts up in one big plot costs less in the long term, but take up all that space. How are you going to customize anything at any particular point is up to your design? Only downside but also an upside is the slow speed of the game. While it's tougher to snail along at times, you don't have to worry about missing much and have plenty of time to get each thing done. Still a work in progress game, but I'm enjoying it MUCH more than any other city builder I've played. Steep learning curve so check out other reviews and steam guides for better insight on how to start. F2 is extremely important to help learn how to make stuff you need."
76561198009168734,Recommended,305940,17762078,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Krayto,"Great game, HUGE learning curve highly suggest looking stuff up on WIKI. You will spend hours just learning to survive, but go slow learn how to make money then expand.(Build a bunch of water makers and seaweed farm + Alpha ship for Organic waste and recycle to grind them)Build enough to earn atleast 5k every couple of minutes then expand, early on nothing else matters but money and food."
76561198017297147,Recommended,305940,32062343,Posted: 30 May,all,GunnyMarx,"Well, I bought access to the early access and fiddled with it for a couple of hours. It looks pretty, and appealing to my ""style"". I also like the general idea of a ""techno-survival-build-game"". So I fiddled and played right up to the point when the interesting bit should start. Right after your colony manages to become self-sufficient in a way.Then, intuittivness, and logic break down, and something, which reminds me of grinding set in. Of course, it might just be me. So I wanted to improve, by reading the instructions. Unfortunately, they are not yet in place, not helpful or not comprehendable - or a combination thereof.The development tree becomes very complicated and branches far into oblivion.I do not mind complicated or a detailed tech.tree. But when I spend half the time, trying to get into the devs' heads, trying to figure out, how they intend the game to be played, I get bored. Unfortunately, I don't have time for that kind of ""testing""I will return periodically, and see if the fun factor has increased, the user interface has beome less complicated and meaningful tool tips have been implemented.On the plus side, I have noticed an active and friendly community and development team; so I have hopes, this might eventually happen.What I find less inspiring is the fact, that after a ""extiction-level-event"", this virtual society has nothing better to do, than wage war on each other, quibbling over the resources of a planet, which only needs to support a fracture of the previous population.I severly hope that for generations to come, no such event will overcome our planet, But if and when it does, I would hope, that humanity will have the come to the conclusion, that killing eachother will never solve anything. I am sad, that so precious few developers have the ""balls"" to work on a game-title, which does not sport lethal weapons. The beauty of a game-world is, that it is free to create a world which is better than reality - not reflect the imperfection, of which we know, must be overcome at one point. Difference of opinion may be inevitable. War and killing is not.Another lost chance for a truely cooperative game-title? Time will tell.Until that time, I thnik it's worth trying, if you can spare the cash."
76561198008887998,Recommended,305940,15042401,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,[Tribe] Lorebot,"I'm a big fan of city building games and recently there haven't been a lot of them that have been done very well. Project Aura seems to be in the process of becoming one of the greats in the genre.It's still fairly raw and has issues, both minor and major, but overall it's been very enjoyable. The current tutorials do a good job of showing how to do things, but not what to do or when so the learning curve is a bit steep. I trashed my first 2 attempts to play the game when I realized some assumptions I'd made were wrong. So be prepared to learn as you go and make some mistakes along the way.Thankfully you don't get punished much for making mistakes, buildings can be demolished and 100% of the materials used to build them reclaimed. So if you position something incorrectly or realize the building you built isn't what you needed you can just knock it down and you lose nothing but time.Your citizens require food and water, but it's no real loss if they go without for a while. The worst that can happen is they leave your city and you just have to wake up some replacements. In fact the only current way to really lose the game as far as I can tell is to never feed your people until they all leave and you don't have enough credits to wake up replacements. There are UI elements for hazard warnings and weather disasters, but currently they don't seem to be implemented so the game world appears to be danger free for the moment.I can't be sure, but it looks like all the buildings are available from the start and I haven't found any use for a couple of the items you can have your citizens construct. I'm guessing they'll be used in the Technology Research part of the game once that's implemented. The quest system also isn't active so there are no objectives to complete other than seeing how big you can build your city and I haven't found any sort of 'endgame' either.Most of the materials you need to build things can be purchased using the ingame currency, which is how you'll start out building your city. But once you get some basic infrastructure built you can start collecting resources and making those materials yourself. It can take a while, but that's what x8 speed is for (shift/+ for increasing speed, shift/- for reducing speed).At the moment I have 2 key gripes about the game:1. There are some UI sound effects that aren't controlled by the ingame  volume sliders and will always play at maximum volume...it's extremely annoying2. There's no way to tell your food producing buildings to deliver their goods directly to the Larder so you're constantly having to manually refill it. It's not a big deal for basic food/water because you can produce them far faster than you'll consume them. But it's a major hassle with the special foods because unless you're devoting a large portion of your population to farming there's no real way to keep up with the demand so you're constantly draging and dropping food items like tomatoes and baked goods from your inventory to the larder.These 2 issues combine to make the experience just as annoying for your housemates and neighbors as it is for you unless you turn off your sound, which isn't a real loss considering there aren't any warning sirens or voice acting outside the tutorials atm. But the music is nice and the sound effects are good and I hate playing games without sound :(At the end of it all though I still recommend this game wholeheartedly to anyone that's a fan of city building and micromanagement games like SimCity, Banished, and Prison Architect. 4/5 stars from me on this and it clearly has potential to become a 5/5 game if they finish it well."
76561197971230372,Recommended,305940,16500477,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,RomeoOneCharlie,"This game has great potential.  It's tricky to work out what to do at the start as the tutorial gives you quite a few things that aren't available at the game start and you have to work out how to get them.  Just working out what you need for basic food takes a while and if you want to start creating the mats for your own buildings...it's not simple.  But then, I like a challenge!Played for 60 days in game time, built everything there is to build and kinda ran out of things to do.  Made enough money to buy everything and expand to the max ... so... waiting for more content I guess.  Only takes a couple of days (IRL) to run out of stuff to do so only buy this if you're in for a long dev lead time.One thing the game really needs - the ability to queue jobs.  Sending your spaceship out on a particular recovery mission is great and you can rinse and repeat this as many times as you like but if you want your ship to vary what it does you have to set each task manually.  This becomes a bit of a pain after a while - would be great to be able to queue up 'get seaweed' followed by 'get flora' and 'then go get me some metal waste' etc etc..Other thing I don't like is when you un-assign a worker you can't remove him from the org window.  Not a stopper but not great either.Like I said at the start...great potential... :)"
,Recommended,305940,30717065,Posted: 24 March,all,icetheslayer5985,"Keep in mind, this is an early access game. There are going to be small hitches and glitches. It happens, and they will probably be ironed out as time goes on. That being said, a quick description of the game. You are the leader of a new colony in the future, trying to build a place for people who have been in cryo sleep to live after the global climate has deteriorated to the point where living outside a protective dome is all but impossible. This game is geared towards people who are willing to keep hundreds of things all balanced. No joke. You have to take care of your people's health, morale, and nutrition. You have to build through 5 differant tech panels. You have to build hundreds of buildings and their substructures to be completely self sufficient. This is definitely a game for people who like to micromanage, because you HAVE to micromanage to succeed.Graphics:Wonderful graphics. The creators definitely took the time to make the game worthwhile to play visually. When they buildings are working, you can see it. When you scroll to the edge of your dome, you can see the rain on it. You can see trenches underwater. This game is visually amazing. 9/10Audio:The soundtrack is really well done. It is a bit repetitive, but at this stage in the game it is kind of expected. It is actually really beautiful music for the first couple hours. Then you either ignore or mute it. Hopefully they come out with more music to cycle through, because you will spend a lot of time working on your base. Also hoping when they bring in the multiplayer functions they will add some more tracks. 7/10Gameplay:This is probably the most in depth resource management game I have EVER played. Seriously, you can end up totally self sufficient. Eventually. But holy cow, is there a lot. The crafting system alone is huge. I have 64.7 hours logged into the game, and I still have to buy stuff from the market. Which is all well and good right now, but gods help us if the market prices end up fluctuating based on everyone's purchases. That will end up causing some rediculously inflated prices. The only thing I have issue with is how long it will actually take to play a multiplayer game, even with the victory goals. I love this game so far though. It gives you a real idea how hard it would be to start something like this, as you have to balance so many things at once. 8/10Summary:This is a good game so far, and I truly hope they can keep it that way. It isn't really hard right now, as much as it is a time consuming thing. If you don't mind being patient and taking the time to tweak things to run smoothly without you having to watch every little thing in case it starts to colapse, then this game is the game for you. It is a resource management game that gives you the complete freedom to build how you want, and then see what works and what doesn't. As new features are added and the game grows, I am excited to see what changes happen.Overall Rating: 8/10"
76561197988441268,Recommended,305940,31046066,Posted: 9 April,all,domic,"Does anyone remember Outpost ? It was kind of awesome and kind of awful ... micromanagey, and resource constrained to the point where if you couldn't find some minor trace element your colony would peter out and die. Basically, you always failed. I guess the point was that you can't create a modern technological economy / society with just a few people and a starting building, no matter how shiney that building.This game isn't quite like that. You are unlikely to actually perish, as food is readily available, and all the resources are available if you know how to get them. What is likely to happen is stagnation, as you have absolutely no idea at any stage what is needed to advance on any front. Developing any new production line or capability is onerous, and you have no idea if you'll have the requirements in place to actually use the output of your painfully constructed new production chain. The answer is probably no. You did it in the wrong order. Har har. Loser. I erase your time.How annoying. I give it multiple thumbs up.I have the free time to shrug that off and enjoy the learning process and the complexity. If you don't, buy something clickey and fast. This is unclickey, slow, and opaque.I imagine eventually they'll add a general resource flowchart so you can see what's needed for what, like a tech tree, but for stuff. Currently you can query what any particular resource is used for, and how you can produce it, but it's like examining individual leaves to figure out the shape of a tree. It doesn't really work. You just have to build up the resource flowchart in your head over time. It turns out it's not hard to advance once you know how.If you enjoy micromanagement, I say buy it. All you have to lose is your patience. and a couple of bucks I guess"
,Recommended,305940,14646824,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Envicta,"Had a really positive experience with this game,  especially after I jumped into the forum and saw how responsive the developers were.The game is in a good shape for a beta,  but it's missing quite a lot of the challenges that are planned in the future and therefore there is the complete absence of threat.However you get to see the workflow/blueprinting,  and you get a taste of how the game shapes up.   It's pretty much a bug free environment too,  I was able to play for many hours without any issue.There are going to be a lot of risks/challenges when the game is launched,   so it's not your average city-builder at all.   You'll be managing a sinking ship almost,  keeping it afloat through micro-management,  resource management and thinking ahead.When you take into account the road map for what's coming,  then this is a very exciting development,   especially when you consider how alert the developers are,  and how open they are for feedback.I do recommend others to buy in now and support the game.It's well priced for what it currently is,  and I would not be surprised if they put the price up further down the road,  as it becomes a lot more functional."
76561198009550819,Recommended,305940,14826272,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Demonocolips,this game is overly complicated and thats what it does and does well.for the moment they only thing i need to continue my city is a power generator as i have run out of power.as it is in early access there are some things missing/incomplete. the dev team seems to have a good update schedule in hand but i do wish they would release things more often. its fun and honestly the only thing that needs changing is the tutorial as it is about 5x longer than it needs to be.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzTnYmN2OKI
76561198228969868,Recommended,305940,18066740,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,bnb_home1,"If you enjoy slow paced , deep game play. city buiding in a sci fi world then grab this game. yes it is as of this review ( 09/17/15) in beta there is alot of content ( building type, various citizen skills  and resources). The dev is active and has layed out for us a nice road map of the future for this title. Update 10/11/15 over 600hrs played and im still learning the finer points of this game and still highly recomend this game. update now over 800 hrs played and still very hooked on this title , now running a full self sufficent colony with a running time of 4522 colony days, Dev's are still active and busy working on things the next phase beta 3 coming soon."
,Recommended,305940,18018243,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,gceclifton,"Been playing this for 6 hours now and it's not bad. Not bad at all... It took a while to get into and there are some VERY lengthy processes to make things along with very little in game help... (There is some, just not as much as I would like. Perhaps a process tree which shows you what you need in order to get what you want. Select the item from a very long list and the tree would come up beside it)I think the tutorials need a revamp to better explain things as the 4 available were very short indeed and the last one which shows you how to feed your colony didn't really cover all the bases. The resources needed were handed to you rather than explaining the very lengthy process of obtaining them without buying from the market.As an example, to get food being produced, you need to gather organic waste using an aircraft hanger, process it into seaweed and fertiliser in the recycling plant, feed the seaweed with the fertiliser to get fed seaweed which can then be dried to give you seaweed portions and water. A total of 4 processes, spread across 3 buildings... Google had to help me with that and it was the very first thing you need to produce to support your colony!  In the tutorial, you get given seaweed and fertiliser (IIRC). Jump to the main game and lo and behold, no fertiliser available in the market place. Hurumph. GOOGLE!It is an early access game though so it will improve... probably.That being said, I can see myself throwing a lot of hours at it. It is relatively slow paced (nothing has come along to disrupt my steady growh yet) and so long as you have food production giving you more than you need for your colonists, you have a (somewhat slow) income from selling it off.The water is very pretty."
76561198005404224,Recommended,305940,23860063,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Phalnax811,"I approve. ~11 hours in but I'd still recommend. Went to bed last night with nodes dancing in my vision...Quick list of pros/cons so far (will update as I play more)...Pro:+Cool setting+Production chains seem cool and rewarding once completed though I've seen people complain they're too long.+I have my first like 7 step production chain running and it makes me happy.+Colonists can be personalized though you barely see them...+I actually like the node system - just gotta remember to start production as buildings won't autostart. Perhaps a Preference in options to enable this by default would be good?+YOU CAN HARVEST POOP!+So many nodes.Con:-Click and drag is very laggy and unresponsive for me. Could just be my PC but the game runs fine.-Could just be my novice status so far but the Power Grid is annoying and convoluted. I figured it out but I'm still low on power. Starting ""Packs"" could royally slow your expansion down if you choose the not so ideal ones.-Info on Research seems quite scant. Wasn't in the tutorials. I think I've figured it out though. You won't be able to trade with all faction on the market without Diplomacy research - wherever that is. Again, starting affinity could slow your expansion down too.Neutral:~I'd like to be able to zoom in more.~Tutorials are good overall but I think could have used some more details (there is in-game text help)~When splitting stacks, it should just appear in your inventory instead of having to drag the stack back to the inventory from the little window. Should also be able to type in a number in this window.~Multiple windows open at a time can get annoying. Escape key will close them quickly enough and saves this from being a con.~Previous untested patches caused people to get locked out of supply chains. Was patched. Hopefully won't happen again.So, will update as I play more. I'd recommend in its current state despite only 2.7 hours of playtime :)"
76561198042802916,Not Recommended,305940,14979334,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,lukeyduke,"I can see potential in this game. It's just nowhere near ready yet.THE GOODA fresh take on allocating workers to production chains with the blueprint system.THE BADProduction chains are unneccesarily long, and there's no way to figure out what process makes what before you build the building.Updates happen verryyy slowly. For an early access game like this I would expect a weekly or fortnightly post from the devs.THE UGLYI had to look up an external guide on how to make fertilizer, which is required for pretty much everything. Turns out that fertilizer production was hidden in a sub-menu. Which was hidden in a blueprint. And the game didn't tell me what the blueprint did before I purchased it, so there was no way of knowing.Give this game another six months or so, and see how it goes."
76561198035447766,Recommended,305940,19334583,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Zir,"A game that has its surprises. First the interface and controls feels clumsy, but once you get the hang of it and discover more and more about the very complex resource management it becomes very addictive.+ Addictive complex gameplay+ Orgchart is just amazing (global view would be really good where the entire supply chain would be shown)+ Graphics is generally ok, but could do with a bit of more movement and livelyness- It is very laborous to do practically anything on the ui (Perhaps drag and drop sell to market in the inventory, citizen summoning can be simpler, resource stack split is a nightmare)- It feels deserted without traffic and people wandering around- bugs ""here and there"" (anomalies, build tab keeps disappearing or has to be double clicked on)Definitely worth the money, but it's still a bit raw..."
76561198003059912,Recommended,305940,15106534,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ann33,best game i have played for a long time if you like city building and management this is the game for you. As the game is still in beta testing not all of the game is fully playable yet but with each update the game gets better.
76561198055829271,Recommended,305940,15703238,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,SuMmEr BrEeZeS,"So far I would recommend this game.  It has all the elements a city builder micromanagement player could ask for without the clutter of extreme warfare.  Think sci-fi Banished on water, but more complicated.  So many games these days have great developement in city/colony management but you are either put under time constraints or you whole city is devoted to weaponary because you are in a warzone.  Also, so far, there aren't any lame need to pay real dollars for contiued play elements.  It is early access but I hope these money grab elements remain not included - there is a member screen within the game so I'm wary.  If you pay for the game, that should be it unless it's a DLC where you get more game for your money.  Not seeds or something rediculous just to play the game.  I'm assuming at some point climate will play a factor in this game.  That should be interesting.  The graphics are very pleasing and handle acceleration nicely if your system is up for it but it still looks great stripped.  I haven't hit a bug yet and it runs smooth.  So far it seems set on an individual playing field.  You seem to be the only colony.  This may change.  If you are looking for a game to play with a friend, I doubt this one will have that.  Maybe a trade element in the future, who knows.  Anyway, the game is intensly hands on, very addicting, and it isn't even done yet.  Hopefully they don't screw it up because so far I can't stop playing the unfinished version :D."
76561197998740055,Recommended,305940,15485114,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Spacemania,"***Early Access Review***This is probably one of those games that I least expected to get addicted to.Its a city builder that (at least for me) had a rather steep learning curve. Typicly that makes me walk away and not return, but thankfully I was persistant this time and kept doing new city after new city unitl I finally got the tech tree right. Hopefuly, the tutorials will get an overhaul and be made more compleate as the current setup is very lacking.The visuals are sub-par compared to other games within this genra and era, but the layout and mechanics does make up for it enough so as not to become a problem. I do like how that the tech tree is rather well spread out, and its made up so you are not fixed into one path, but there are certainly those that are easier to follow than others (for example, I like to make money by spamming water/seaweed. Its low value compared to others, but easy to complete and avalible at game onset). The diversity of the crew that you can recruit is also a nice touch as you need to pair up the best citizen with the job in question. A good idea is also to give the ability to shoehorn in other citizens when your optimal choice is not readily avalible so you still do get room to play if your impatient (I'm a perfectionist so I typicly wait for the right citizen to spawn)One of my favorite compontents is the blueprints for building contruction. It gives you a lot of versitility early and late game. To start you can keep things small but later on when you want to start building mega-complexes to limit staff needs (have one director instead of four, and only two workshops instead of four). Plus altering existing bluprints does not affect existing constructs which can be very handy. I would like to see the blueprint areas to expland slightly by a few more squares, but that is more of a nice touch than a requirement.Another component of the game that I very much enjoy is the recycling theme. While its a great nod to enviromentalisim, it does play in a huge part of the mechanics of the game. To start with you rely heavily on money, but once you get your infastructure up, you rely on cash less and less as your ability to produce your needs rise. Additionally, very much of what you build for your city is recyclable, allowing you to nuke-n-pave your city as you learn the game and expand without signifigant punishment as (at least in easy mode) you get 100% of your materials back.My biggest complaint, which may be fixed as the game develops, is the pacing of the game early on. It can take a large amount of patience to get your colony self-sufficent in the early stages until your able to produce food and plastic(or)metal on a sustainable scale. One reason is that your still reliant on having a cash income to which you can only gain by selling what you produce, but another hangup is being able to awaken the right staff at any given time. Right now, your randomly presented a list of staff that can be awakened to join your colony from a list of one to a dozen, and quite often I found myself waiting for a technitian or director to pop up just so I can get a building to even be funtional. Yes I could have pluged in other staff, but as I said above I am a perfectionist. What I would like to see is the ability to force-select a particular junior citizen but at a high cost so one does not have to wait for the RNG to give up your need.Overall I do belive that once polished it will be a fantasic game and for those looking for something a little different than the typical city-builder and is looking for a challenge, its a good game to pick up. I hope the makers will continue to give us updates to enjoy. Be warned, it can be quite a timesink once you get hooked into it."
,Recommended,305940,22077265,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Doomquill,"Ah, how to say the right words about this game.I've been playing for over a year now, every few months I try it out again. And every time I remember why I love it and spend the next 10+ hours playing it nonstop. This game is the pinnacle of resource management games, and will be even better when all features are implemented. But even if development stops tomorrow it'd still be a game well worth the (scrolls down) $16.99. I thought I remembered paying $20 for it, and it was worth every penny. I highly recommend this game to anybody who enjoys balancing inputs and outputs of materials, building ratios, population management, and any other types of administrative gameplay. I loved Sim City (originals, not the crappy 2013 one), I love Cities Skylines, I love Factorio, and if you like those games too then you will enjoy this one.Development is continuing, and the dev(s?) is always very quick to respond to suggestions/requests on the forums, which makes me more willing to contribute.Given that it's early access, unimplemented mecanics don't really count as cons.The only real con is that there is an unusually high barrier to entry. It probably took me a good two hours to figure out all of the mechanics and UI tricks to get to the point where I didn't want to do something and have no idea how to do it. But the depth of the game is comparable to the amount of time it takes to learn. Nobody sits down and understands how to play Europa Universalis IV or Crusader Kings II in the first two hours. This game is to city management as those games are to 4X Strategy.  In other words, the best and most in-depth.That being said, pretty much all of the keyboard shortcus that you would want are there. It's even pretty easy to figure things out once you realize that you can probably do what you want if you hold shift or ctrl while pressing the button.Lastly, one thing I love about this game (but could see being off-putting for other city builder liking types) would be that there is very little layout management. Oh, there's a lot of nit picking you can do with exactly how to shape the buildings in the plot size, but mostly the game comes down to the fact that you don't spend a lot of time designing your colony. Rather, you spend your time running it. If you love building roads then this game isn't for you. If building roads and finding the most efficient layout is a sometimes fun but mostly tedious process (as it is for me) then this is the game for you.All in all, I highly recommend it. Buy it. I hope this game gets big, because it deserves it."
,Recommended,305940,23016626,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Thanatos,"Graphics/artwork is top notch. UI and controls are complex but clean and well laid out, making it a pleasant experience to manage the finer details. Complexity of the game is high but not enough to put you off, a good balance. Generally the structure of the game is pretty awesome. Shows massive potential.Gameplay.. Currently a bit boring. However the recent patch with catastrophes etc should change things up and obviously more is planned. But, as it stands I found it too easy to quickly construct the basics and not only produce the basic food/water to sustain my citizens but a production line that quickly produced surplus. At that point it was click the time acceleration into max and sit back and sell the surplus to build the cash reserves back up. This was the point the game hit grind mode and I started to lose interest. I hadn't even touched on the advanced buildings/vehicles/citizens.Fair enough the object is to get as many citizens out of storage and find the balance to sustain the base but it was all too easy to hit the mass production to grind away for cash.I still recommend the game as it is very professionally produced and put together. It has a real tight foundation so I am expecting good things."
,Recommended,305940,17779397,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Blue [ITA],"the game is cool but has a long learning curve, after you satisfy the basic levels like food recycling and water, you begin to wander what will be the next step, plastic, improved food, metal or airplane craft.There is no help on line and not a wiki help, just the basic, but the game is intriguing and the beta 3 has a lot of improvements, don't play hard the game is not implemeted for it, choose medium or better easy if you want to learn fast,I gave this game several hours and now i must choose my path for develop my colony, i think i will go for airplane craft.anyway i give atm to the game 8/10 so it will worth your money,"
76561198022138501,Recommended,305940,15081451,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,MorpheusFT,"I like it so far. It's definitely not finished. Making the colony self-sufficient was fun. Optimizing the production lines was fun. I was at a point where I wanted to expand, but some features were not yet implemented."
,Recommended,305940,16364346,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dabi,I haven't played this game not that much since I just got it today but there's a lot of potential there. Really really great atmosphere and soundtrack and concept.It's not that easy if it's the first city building game you ever played but it's totally playable if you take a look at the really cool tutorial.I will definitely waste a lot of time with this game and hope the best for its future
,Recommended,305940,18286133,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,hockeyhacker97,"Very much still not a finished product, the tutorial doesn't really teach you any of the mechanics and it is very much a start a save, figure out the mechanics from screwing up, start a new save with what you learned, probably screw something else up and restart again. Only really has a sandbox mode in its current state, and even on easy mode (starting with twice as much money) the start of the game is about as interactive as a ""clicker game"" of setting up a few buildings, hireing people and appointing them jobs and then waiting ages until you can afford anything new because the start of the game you make money at a snails pace and everything is fairly expensive.Alright, with all the (important)negitives out of the way (there are a few more small negitives, but I was more concerned about the bigger things), this game is a fairly interesting game that definitly shows some depth to the management.  It's not to disimilar to factoria where at the very start you have to do everything by hand and it is very slow going but as you get more built up you can start to automate more and more things. Again biggest complaint of being how long it goes at a snails pace before you start to be able to do more interesting things.In the current state would I say the game is worth $17? For most people no, it shows promise of being a good game worth the asking price, but in its current state I would hold off on the purchase until much closer to release unless your really into seeing how games like Factoria and this progress in development over time. I personally feel like I will easily get my moneys worth in its current state, but I know that most people probably would not.Would I recomend this game? Yes, I would just say unless your really into this genre to hold off till closer to release unless you like learning game mechanics through trial and error because the tutorial doesn't even scratch the surface of what you need to learn to make it very far into the game at all, the tutorial is literitly just the base mechanics and doesn't even teach you how to make money or even sell products, I know in one save I accidently deleted stacks of things I wanted to sell because the same key to sell a stack of items is used to delete a stack of items depending on which windows are open or not."
76561198032784487,Recommended,305940,17027436,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,zeosnip,"The potential of this game is pretty good, it's early access so you can do everything there is to do pretty fast, even do stuff that serves no purpose, since the functionalities haven't been created yet.I'm usually not a big fan of unfinished games but all that's been implemented works really well.Can't wait to see what the finished game will be like."
76561198205152977,Recommended,305940,23432233,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Shyopsik,"The game itself is now in early access, but had fully playable sandbox where you can spend a lot of hours with mangmenting more specificly micromanagmenting... I could only recommend it for  managment lovers... if you like games like ttd, factorio, distant universe atc this is game for you...Another Big positive thing on this game is that the devs respond and actually respond pretty fast...People complain around bed colours of gui (for me it was positive but a get  that point of wiev of this ppl) and voila in next patch we will had fully scalable gui with colour option (previevs are on project aura forum)But well, if wanna play, and enjoy this, you need to do tutorial ,seriously, this is one of few game , where you MUST DO TUTORIAL. Assistant is planned but , in a final version, so use your mind.. You can found a lot negative revies becouse ppl didn´t do tutorial, well don´t be one of them :) ... Enjoy your game"
76561198065539642,Recommended,305940,20942306,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,JM,"Being in beta, it's not designed to get you into the game slowly yet. E.g. prices are not balanced (pretty much everything costs 500 coins), all buildings and advancements are available at start, etc.It takes time to figure out what exaclty you need to build to get things going. (hint: build a hanger and buy a ship to begin getting raw materials). But once you figure it out, there is not much to do in game yet. There are no quests or challanges you need to face (as of version 2.8).Also, as any early access game it has a lot of minor issues.But it sure has a great potential.I liked the level of management and manufacture chains this game brings.And a lot of other things too.All in all it's an interesting game.Still needs a lot of polishing."
,Recommended,305940,19379564,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,magnoguido,"Played the early release beta version 2.7. Really enjoyed the depth and complexity of this game. Its not a lightweight civ builder game. ""F2"" is an essential button to use to understand your way through the game.  It had a nice atmosphere while I was managing a detailed colony. I will return to this game when technologies and the story/campaign mode is unlocked."
,Recommended,305940,15766753,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,ヒロシ Noir,"A solid city & resource management game. Realistic concept, good graphics, and well-designed production mechanics.The only cons I have are some lag when my base becomes large, occasional minor glitches in GUI, and the tutorialdoesn't cover some basics (though several minutes of reading through wiki fixes that).Considering that this game is still in early release, such problems are understandable.I highly recommend this game to those of you who like simulation & management games such as Anno 2070"
,Recommended,305940,23718924,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,LastBulletv3,"This game has been about a 7/10 so far. However it's still in the early stages of development and the Devs seem to have a good grasp on customer feedback. While everything isn't implimented yet and it's still very buggy, the game gives a great and different approach to the ""city builder"" esq genre.It currently takes a few times to figure out how the game works correctly but once you get past the curve it's pretty enjoyable."
,Recommended,305940,14058368,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Knottypine,"While Project AURA is still in it's early stages, it is a fantastic simulation of creating/running a colony after a climate disaster.  There is a ton of potential available, and by the looks of it the devs are tapping into it from the amount of commuity interaction, and updates.There is a good portion of mircomanagement, you decide which colonists you wish to awake and where to employ them.  You control the food, production, and resource gathering.  As well you contol which buildings you want operating, what the function of some of them are, maintenance management, while keeping an eye on your power requirements.Depending on start-up options, the game can be more challanging by having less startup credits.  Even on normal there is a limited amount, so funds should be managed carefully until a good balance of production is established.For people who enjoy playing a simulation that is not extremely fast paced but requires a little bit of mircomanagement, this is definitely worth playing, and supporting it's future developement!  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,305940,18618745,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Psycho,"Personally, I'd give this game a 8/10.There is a lot to do on it and it's not some easy town building, it actually takes some time to manage your resources and figure out what produces what. But once you figure it out, It gets kind of too easy; though the colonist comming at a random paste makes it take  awhile, and I feel like some of the buildings should have offedges to the water for production. Aside from that, It's a great game, I can't wait to see this get updated more and more.DislikesThe speed up only goes to x8.The template building cannot house more than one aircraft,Odd building structures & a portel needed for EVERY building.Tutorial is a joke.. lol"
76561198049072289,Recommended,305940,28297516,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,harukamylove,"Difficult to get the hang of at first and TONS to pay attention to during gameplay (often find myself pausing to check all production lines). Very much for micromanagement lovers. Expect to start new games frequently while Early Access to figure out what's new, what's broken now, and what now behaves completely differently. Watch the sun rise and find yourself saying ""but I still need just ONE more core innovation doc....""Love it! Only game I've found that can satisfy my micromanagement needs as well as the guild 2.F2 hotkey is the BEST feature of this game!!!"
76561198048417808,Recommended,305940,23452301,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ROFLwut?,"Good game.Complicated.Can be hard to figure out.Kinda wish they'd get it done so I can sit down, play it through, and enjoy it but it's progressing well enough. It's just that I've had the game since like 2 weeks after it hit the store and I don't want to play it so much I get all bored with it before they even finish it. But like I said, it's progressing well enough and it's an ambitious game so I can't complain. Besides, it was very bare bones when they first started selling copies and it's development progress has surpassed by leaps and bounds other, far less complex games that have been in early access for YEARS."
,Recommended,305940,18103496,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Ottomic,"""What do you mean it's 7 AM already?! I'm just starting to set my 5-step plastic production chain!""8.5/10. Great stuff. Tutorials a bit lacking."
76561198007904734,Recommended,305940,31143312,Posted: 14 April,all,DiegoDog68,"Good game, but do you think that two yars and several months really qualify as EARLY ACCESS?  Last patch was almost six months ago.  To me....this is it, no more updates.  I like the game but it's not for the casual gamer.  Learning curve is very very steep."
76561198088356290,Not Recommended,305940,32277179,Posted: 8 June,all,Mr Crowley,"Current development of this game seems to be rather slow.Bought the early acces in early 2016, nothing seems to have changed since then.Would not recommend to get the game in the early acces and I would also not buy it again."
76561198088259969,Recommended,305940,29408109,Posted: 21 January,all,Gurgeh,"It's a very fun Toy. Starting out with the game the learning curve is a bit like standing at the foot of a cliff. It took me two runs through the tutorial to get enough of a grasp to be off.While the interface surely could be easier it does have character, contributing to the games undoubted sense of atmosphere. Somehow it does feel like humankind's last momentous chance for redemption. You can't move much beyond the confines of your habitat, but that just adds to the sense of how humankind's world has shrunk. Which together with the games intricate mechanics make for a great concept with an original feel for familiar rewards.Yes there are bugs which they sorely need to fix if this game is going to appear release grade, but I have found the game quite playable already.Very enjoyable so far.----Update... actually I am loving this game at the moment! Yes it seems baffling here and there, but a little perseverence and you discover that all the tools you needed to work out how to solve your resource scaling problems are there. It is being made to work a bit to find that solution which makes the results of finding the solution extra rewarding....and the soundtrack really adds to the atmsphere. It's superb in it's own right!"
,Recommended,305940,16742601,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,First hour of Poject AURAloaded gameStarted new gamepoked at buttons for 15 mins figureing what they didfigured out how to buy buildingsset up a apartment and recruited first citizenpoked sea weed factory 10 mins trying to put worked in itexited to main menuwatched tutorialsrealized this game was far deeper then I thoughtlogged off to write review and watch more tutorialswould I do it again - ohh yeah 8/10so that was a bit of fun there but here is the nuts and boltsthe game is pretty compelx brining me back to the space colony style game like outpost - space colony - and startopia - have to balance lots of things to keep your people happy and well supplied - the games limited land mass and need to optimize each factory with multiple blueprints and people keep you switching people around to keep things runningthe tutorials are solid info of the game and short and sweet (under 20mins total with very clear directions) the game itself needs a bit of polish and you will want to turn up the basic mouse speed as its dreadfully slowall and all for a in beta game its pretty good - not perfect and not for everyone but if you like city builder where you work on supply chains and tradeing and selling its pretty fun even defending your self vrs keeping your self with food and power can really blend the gameplay can't wait to see this game grow
76561198004303858,Recommended,305940,13877438,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Toast of Doom,"Excellent concept, and hopefully heading in the right direction.If you are a fan of city building games, especialy the micromanagment aspects, then give this game a go. The price is about right for what the end result should be. The tutorial is a little bit weak so have a look for the inevitable LPs online."
76561198054384886,Recommended,305940,13855958,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,M. Thief,Very good game idea. Obviously since it is early access you should expect bugs and incomplete features. Currently the game is playable but is not near completion. The tutorial is in so you will not have to struggle to figure out the mechanics yourself. If you are not prepared to deal with bugs and changing features though i would recommend waiting until launch. As of right now the core mechanics for citizens/food/work are currently in but there are no disasters to put your city building to the test yet.
,Recommended,305940,15891001,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,R41N,"This is a game that will test your patience and ability to solve puzzles, still needs a lot of work, mostly the game interface and how everything would logically connect to one another."
76561197971324424,Recommended,305940,24892543,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Mash,"all in all a really good game, i like the micromanagment side of it, if you're not into setting up chains of logistics, keeping a monitor on multiple things and basically planning things out then meybe try a game like ORB or planetbase but if you want the in depth, detailed and diverse experience then this is a good game for you. a couple of the patches seem to have reset stored materials but then it is still early access so not going to be too hung up about that, the devs are pathcing the game at a good rate in response to issues, in the 2 weeks i've had the game a number of core mechanic changes have come in that have resolved issues such as resource use and generation, there are a few niggly graphics things in the interface but again, early access and can easily overlook them, looking forward to more content and greater richness to the game as it develops"
76561198109015905,Recommended,305940,22167170,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Randy Marsh,what a nice micromanagement game! the end of the world set and setting fits very well. the production lines are complex and the space management on the plattforms is challenging. its still in early access and needs more polish but absolutly playable. iam looking forward to the full release!
,Recommended,305940,14414537,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,LFwitch_hunter,a complex simnot for people who are new to these kinds of games but a seriously good buy for veterens in strategy/city building simsloving every bit so far but could use a much better tutoriali had no idea how to gather half of the necessary ingredients to start with and went broke in my first playthrough
,Recommended,305940,17203539,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Multihack,"This is the city Manager, you're looking for. The game is great and it's only alpha!"
,Recommended,305940,21930512,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Eliran Cohen,"Awesome game, just awesome ...If you are a Simcity fan but always felt like smashing your head on the wall because the game is so broken, had to mod its mother and even then after certain point the game become super laggy and slow even though your hardware is 200 times stronger then the recommended requriements, then this is the game for you!This one has EVERYTHING simcity 3 4 and 2013 had to offer and more!Without the lag, without broken machanics, It's almost flawless once you catch the drill!I have to say the game is super hard for starters and there is almsot 0 guides consider it's still early access but even though, still awesome!The closest example I can give you is the Academic and Omega expansion from Simcity 2013, just 100 times better while you have 100% control on everything!The even more fun part is, you shouldn't worry about random cash spikes that destroy your city in 10 seconds out of no where, here you can be bankrupt all day long, but! if you are careless, your whole colony would die! :DIt is harder and take some time to get to that point, however, it is a lot harder to avoid it ...I played over 12 hours on the same city and I felt like its huge, but then I realized I haven't even expanded 20% of the maximum size, too fun!:)"
,Recommended,305940,13973775,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Sliverine,"Review posted as of 14 Jan 2015. This game shows great promise in the simulation/colony-building genre. As with most early access games, this game has quite a number of features lacking and it does not have about half of its major content, which should be released soon when it hits beta 3.What hooked me into this game was the intricate economy system and the production workflows which is affected by the differing skill levels of the colonists you awake from cryosleep, which are in some ways similar to games like Anno 2070 and the likes. The game is also pretty challenging and that is where hardcore fans of this genre will not be disappointed, as the default difficulty will already present a decent challenge, not to mention that there are still 2 more difficulty levels after that."
76561197967015794,Recommended,305940,15277762,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Cliff,Great game so far. Very complex :) Still early but already the features in the game work very smoothly. Current problems are small. Such as hard cap on colony size is the Power generation although they clearly have plans for further power generation abilities. The second minor problem is that when playing for awhile the game starts to get abit slow. A simple restart seems to fix it. Its worth the money if you are looking for a complex city builder.
76561198037136428,Recommended,305940,15141429,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,thunderheart,"Great game with tons of potential!This is early access so hopefully the devs will continue not only to improve but to add much more content. The game even at it's early stages will keep you captivated for hours upon hours with it's balancing of city building and population stratagies.The only downside at this point is there is very little in the way of a guide to help. Several times I found myself searching frantically to find help for gameplay. A manual or how to guide could really be useful for players on city building.For instance if I want to build a ship what do I need to reach that goal instead of searching for the information via online.A working chain guide would be helpful for mats, factories, food ext.Other than that - love it! Looking forward to updates!"
76561198063867655,Recommended,305940,24459425,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Caltriad,"I bought this game 2 days ago, a little more than a quarter of that time has been spent playing this game. It is rich, complicated, and perhaps most importantly, difficult without being unforgiving. Can you mess up? Yes. Will it end your game? No. The game gives you all the information you need to be successful, but perhaps not in the most intuitive way. I'm excited to see how adverse weather changes the gameplay; and cannot wait till there's a story/campaign added."
,Recommended,305940,13988599,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Gnugfuriuz,"Havent tried it too much yet. But the game really needs a tutorial. Luckily there's some guys that have made really good tutorials on how to get started. Im really looking forward to where this game goes since it gives me the good vibes from the series Stargate Atlantis. So far, i've enjoyed myself. NO crashes and no gambreaking bugs. So im recommending it for the time beeing.But beware. Really lacks content on this stage!"
76561197963360231,Recommended,305940,15872490,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,[SXR] Slave,This may be a great game! I am in hope that we will be able to expand to other domes.They are headed in the right direction.
,Recommended,305940,15678865,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,spider999222,"So far this game has been great. It is still early access so its far from done but it is a lot of fun. Haven't been able to play a ton of it yet but I think it was worth the money already. Can't wait to see where the devs take this game going forward. There are fairly frequent updates as well, which is definitly a bonus!"
76561198116675685,Recommended,305940,13946261,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Naoned,"This game has all it needs to become a great game : innovative gameplay based on organigrams, challenging topic linked to survival and one can only guess the possibilities to come.However, it is important to pay attention to the fact that the game is still under development and if you plan to buy a ""ready to play"" game, you'd better wait a little. But if you want to participate to the elaboration of a very interesting city-builder strategic game, it is the right time. Note that the starting may be a bit difficult due to the innovative gameplay but even if the tutorials are not exhaustive, you will find all the information you need on the forum."
,Recommended,305940,23903256,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ubertronix,"I would call it a ""Hardcore supply chain management / crafting hybrid"".If the above statement sounds unbearable or pointless to you, move on right now.This game is all about complex ideas and intricate planning.  You have to be dedicated to the cause to be-able to enjoy it.  However, if you've played Minecraft to death and would rather have something a bit more grown up, then give it a try.  This game has plenty of potential and scratches a particular itch even while in beta."
76561198040527357,Recommended,305940,25937927,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,edasaca,"Excellent game, what I've seen so far really kept me amazed. If you are the kind of person who like to challenge your brain and make him learn and work besides you enjoy micromanagement, inmersive and slow pace games, then you definitely want to try this game so I will spoil you nothing.It's still in development so it may lack in content at late games but I have a good feeling about its final version, they are working hard. Cheers!!I can say that I'm deeply proud of a spanish-made game, something that unfortunately nowadays I can't say frequentlyI recommend this game, it's a delight that everyone should be able to enjoy and hope they will"
76561198339129973,Recommended,305940,26142792,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,EBRORBE,"Very promising game.Requires patience due to its complexity and lack of help, but I hope they solve this by final version which I will be waiting for to check review."
,Not Recommended,305940,19950003,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Sporkmonger,"It's another supply chain management game. It does a couple things really well (and a couple of things not-so-well), but ultimately doesn't really have any charm. There's no real objective other than ""survive"", but surviving never really feels like a struggle until you hit about 50 colonists and morale becomes a gigantic issue out of nowhere (colonists either die to poor health from not enough food/water or if you fix that problem they become rebels from poor morale due to not enough tier 2 food stuffs). The gap in difficulty between tier 1 food and tier 2 food is astoundingly high and feels like one of the biggest flaws in the design of the game's supply chain. It's way too hard to recover seeds, plant and grow said seeds, ensure you have new seeds left over from the previous crop, etc. It requires a fair amount of micromanagement, and inevitably everything goes horribly wrong while you're paying attention to one aspect of the game and another goes kerblewy. You could play the game on pause, but that would only be more tedious than the game already tends to be.Ultimately, I couldn't shake the feeling that I was on a never-ending quest to get to the next tier of item, which would require progressively more micromanagement to sustain. The game desperately needs some macromanagement capabilities. But even if that got fixed, I don't know that I'd enjoy it, because the game never really gives you a reason to care if your colonists live or die."
,Recommended,305940,24029979,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ruaken,"Development may not moving as fast as some other EA games, but it IS developing and it has great potential.Cool concept (ignoring the whole ""climate threat"" premise, it's still cool) and the micro-managing, while daunting at first, quickly becomes second-nature. Very ambient gameplay/music.Looking forward to its full release soon."
76561198011513057,Recommended,305940,24279622,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Squished,"Two thumbs up and 8/8 from me, I'm hooked on this game!! 74 hours in and counting.  I can't play any other game right now.  Innovative management game that really satifies a certain itch.  The 2.95 patch really fleshed it out to a point where you wouldnt be completely disappointed if they just stopped there, but the great news is that there is even more to come.If you love games like factorio, sim city 2013, or planetbase, and don't mind the complexity of games like eve online or distant worlds universe, then you are probably the kind of person that will enjoy this game as well.  (Although it's not really as complex as those last two).  There are elements of survival, city building, population happiness, resource management, and production chain management.  You can speed up time and pause the game to do a series of actions similar to stellaris / civ 5.This game favors giving you full control and tons of power, and is not afraid of giving you the jam packed user interface required to do so.  The tutorial is excellent in conveying the spirit of how the game is supposed to be operated.  It tells you enough to get you started but no more.  Make no mistake: You must have love figuring things out on your own, and not expecting to be handheld from the start to finish of a game.  Figuring out what to do on your own is part of the fun of the game.  Between the tutorial, the F1 help (which is actually HELPful), the F2 screen, and the tooltips, you are given enough information to figure out the rest."
76561198022646661,Recommended,305940,25016944,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,わeLLζΞLイけΞInςλのΞ,"I vote yes, just because the mechanic of the game is really really good. But i advice strongly to buy only, if you want to manage everything alone... production line .. different production line, meals, power etc."
76561197994853351,Recommended,305940,15078472,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Lokirian,Not too bad a game I guess..  Plenty of possibilities.Think I'll wait a month until playing again so that more content is in.
76561198006527747,Recommended,305940,14875120,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Nutrodamus,4 hours is about as far as you can go though right now but it is still really cool.  I like how you can set your own org charts for each business.Replayed a year after the first post and the game is a lot smoother and still is a lot of fun.  I got about 10 hours into it this time before I ran out of new things to do.  Ton of potential.
76561198074264915,Recommended,305940,13918731,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,][sentrop|[,"Overall, Project Aura is a great game concept centred around a strong environmental message. Pixel Quality Games have hit the balance of micromanagement and survival difficulty perfectly, and created and extremely addictive game. My only criticisms are that some of the mechanics are unclear, and many of the menus are difficult to navigate. However, Pixel are welcoming all player feedback and I am sure these minor issue will be finessed in later updates. I can't wait to see the final shape of this game and will continue to play along throughout its development.Project Aura is the first venture for Pixel Quality Games, and has received widespread community support through Steam Greenlight. Aura is a survival/strategy game currently in Early Access. I am a big fan of the concept behind this game. The developers are aiming to make an engaging gaming experience, while conveying a message of sustainability, and climate change awareness. In support of the message behind the game, the devs are also contributing 2% of all game earnings to environmental causes that will be selected through voting, on social networks.At sometime in the 21st century, global warming multiplied by human activities was responsible for the extinction of most of the life on Earth. Those who survived built floating cities on the ocean surface. Within each city the survivors slept in cryo-preservation, awaiting a time when they could awaken and rebuild.The player is in charge of one such floating city, and must build the structures required to house and support the newly awakened survivors. All of the building materials required can be purchased from the market or gathered and recycled through various colony structures. Players are also responsible for assigning each survivor a job in the colony, and must take into consideration the natural aptitude of each person.Food rationing must also be managed throughout the game, and players who do not construct a food production line early on, will inevitably watch as their colonists slowly starve. I had a great time building structures and gather resources, and it is very satisfying reaching the point of colony self sufficiency.Aura is in the first stages of Early Access, so making a colony self sufficient and then maintaining its population growth is all that's on offer at the moment. Even with these limited mechanics I got hooked easily on this title and I can't wait to see the inclusion of, research goals, quests, city energy shield management and many other mechanics in the final release. There is an in game tutorial included with the Beta, but it is a bit bare bones, so I recommend reading the forums before starting, as some of the key bindings are not obvious but are needed to facilitate the experience.For my full review and other delicious content seeGlitch"
,Recommended,305940,13966823,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,[x] marinad,"This should be a great game. In future. It is slightly not playable at the moment - uncomfortable interface, lack of in-game functionality and informativity.Can't wait for release."
,Recommended,305940,17117941,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Saii,I love this little gem of a game.Some sort of multiplayer aspect (trading perhaps?) would be good in the future.
76561198334252379,Recommended,305940,25963142,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Silky Rough,"Silky: Complexity, depth, longevity of games, replayability.Rough: Learning curve, documentation...oo00oo..This is a good game IF you're the right kind of audience. That's probably not the most of endearing statements to make but there's a reason for it.The learning curve, given it's development state and expected evolving documentation, is steep. It took several starts to actually work out what I had to do and I'll be honest, several times I nearly wtfragequit and many times I was heard muttering ""ffs"" when the game just did not comply or didn't make sense - and I'm the gentle type. It was downright frustrating - having said that, most of the issues seemed to stem (in hindsight) from lack of good documentation for something that is not simple to play.By perservering (and you should), every new start revealed a little more and what keeps you playing is the complexity - no, it's not overwhelming but it's not a casual game either. This is an intriguing title - parroting much of the sim/build/upgrade genre - but there are some clever tech/progress gates that appear a bit blunt (almost traumatic) until you identify the ""right"" way to do it - well at least until you're ready to *really* upgrade with extra rings to increase the size of your colony.(I sincerely hope that's not too cryptic but it's the closest I could get to the inherent beauty of this title - it just sucks you into ""just one more build/fix/adjustment"" well past midnight).It will take you hours to identify those nuances embedded that make your colony shine and respond the way you hope and I found the LESS I tried to force the pace (a legacy of devs developing for the time-poor and casual audience these days) the better the game became.I mentioned the type of audience you need to be here. Let me just say you need to be borderline anal-retentive, analytical, patient, forgiving and self-deprecating (it's probably not the games fault, it's YOU) and it's really helpful if you like the type of game that encapsulates intriguing gameplay, complete with probable lore to explain your situation.As an EA title at time of writing, the active and listening devs are working on the documentation - among the frequent updates and bug report responses they address almost immediately. There are no faults in this department.For the price - an easy buy. The test to whether you will like it or not is by considering whether what I wrote made sense to you. If it did, buy it.If it didn't..... :)"
76561198024821508,Recommended,305940,16634058,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,streaks_art,"This game is, at the moment, nothing more than a ""production line"" type of game. A very intricate and complicated one.Granted, a very interesting one too, given that it's still EARLY ACCESS.But I can't see the final game to be any more than this.I can't ""feel"" the background of the story. It's supposed to be about the ""survivors"" of the mother of all climate changes, but then right from the get-go, you find out that there are...corporations to trade with. Uhhhh....There goes the backstory.So apparently, human economy and industry outside your domed colony has survived all these years that the colonists spent in cryo-stasis.Would be nice if we could have a backstory to these ""corporations"" that fit in with the rest of the backstory. How the heck did they survive all these years? Who the heck were their clients that they did business with? It can't be just the survivors in Project Aura. They were all asleep until now.So, like I said, it's nothing more than a very intricate and complicated ""production line"" type of game. Your first moves would probably be to ""buy"" a cargo plane and materials to build it's hangar and awaken the right kinds of colonists to operate this facility, so you could go out of your dome to look for raw materials. Once you have food and water self-sufficiency, you'd probably aim to built some kind of industry, or expand your food production capabilities. Whichever, at this time, your concern would be to sell stuff that you acquire/manufacture. Recycling within your colony is given a premium. You even get to recycle your colonists' #1 and #2. You send out your planes to gather all sorts of garbage, and turn them into something useful.If you're into this type of games, then you'll love this game. I can't say that I am into this kind of game though. I do find it quite interesting, but sooner or later, it may just end up like how Banished ended up in my Steam Library."
76561197990493638,Recommended,305940,24040088,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,samuelh73,"I recently purchased the game and have played it for a little while (as you can undoubtedly tell), and I thought I would add my perspective.I really enjoy city builders, and was hoping I would get that when I bought it; what I received wasn't quite what I expected, but in a good way! While it is listed as a city builder, it would be more accurate to call it a base builder (anyone familiar with Stronghold will feel at home with this one).Please bear in mind that I don't really care for the hard levels which have natural disasters, enemies, &c, preferring instead to have a leisurely and peaceful game; therefore, your experience may vary. Yes, I realise that may make me a wimp, but some of us don't enjoy getting our bases wiped out because we're terrible tacticians. :PThe positive stuff:1. Very Good: In my opinion, there are two mechanics within Project AURA which are absolutely fantastic; one of them is the item system. Each building has a blueprint that allows you to choose any additional ""modules"" (for lack of a better term) to add to the main structure, and you can also adjust where everything sits in the blueprint (a very nice feature as well, given the space constraints at the beginning). Once you have everything set up, you click on a button with the Market symbol on it and, once you confirm the purchase, all of the needed materials are bought at once. No more jumping back and forth and writing down/memorising what you need to get and in what amount; that button purchases all of the materials at once (which is extremely helpful for me because the going back and forth s*** makes me want to stab myself in the eye to experience something less agonising).2. Very Good: The second fantastic mechanic is the ability to find out what anything requires in terms of the ""recipe"" in order to make it (a la Minecraft, Subnautica, etc). F2 opens up a window that enables you to determine what you need to build something. You click and hold the object, move it over to the window and put it in the appropriate slot, and there you go.3. Good: No micromanaging!4. Good: I have a decent graphics card (GeForce GTX 960) and experienced absolutely no lag/stuttering. I have the graphics on High and it works just fine for me.5. Good: I went to the company's forum page and it would appear they are pretty good at responding to people who post messages, which is a positive sign.6. Trivial: The different occupations are indicated by different helmets. I must admit that is a new mechanic for me and I don't bother remembering which one goes to what profession, but it's actually pretty cool all the same.The negative stuff:1. Bad (conditional): The only real issue I have is the disjointedness in some aspects of the game. While there is nothing game-breaking or requiring anger management courses, some of the item/building/material descriptions can be confusing and/or lack information. By way of example, one of the power creating buildings tells you it increases power intake, but there is no indication in the power screen that it is doing so. I eventually figured out that it delivers a single packet of energy at the beginning of the day. Certain items have requirements that aren't immediately apparent, which has led to some frustration. However, these are easy things to forgive because they are still working on it (and, as mentioned before, the developers seem to be taking an active interest in hearing what players have to say on these issues, so these issues should be eliminated/corrected in a future patch).2. Trivial: The somewhat primitive camera. You can move in the usual manner with the WASD keys, and zoom in with the wheel, but that's about it. This is not a camera function I am accustomed to, so it took some getting familiar with it.3. Trivial: You'll be waiting a lot at the beginning while your ships gather items.All in all, this is your standard base builder like many others of its type, but the very useful mechanics regarding items and the ability to know what you need to build something modestly places it ahead. While it does have some issues, they are expected and/or trivial, making them reasonably negligible.Regardless, I continue to play it and look forward to seeing what the developers do with this game in the future.-S"
,Recommended,305940,23872016,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dario,I like the developer of this game. One of the few early access I didnt regret to buy.Im shure when all the piece of puzzle will be in place this will be an amazing game. Developer are really working on it so I have good hope!Sandbox is good only to try some feature and learning the basic sadly..
76561198067262843,Recommended,305940,15685730,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,sbesea31,This this will be a good game once it is at fully release. Only a sandbox game at the moment (Beta 2) but I am excitingly waited waiting any more news/updates on this game.
76561198032893416,Recommended,305940,18649804,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sickboy,First i want to say that this game is not really in conidtion to make much fun because its a bit laggy and not optimized to work well.Pro- i like this kind of economy simlution game- big pro is i never seen this concept- currently its in a state that without the lags and stuff its really good- good system with blueprints ( you can customise your building blueprints and fit into your stuff)- it works pretty good and is still early acces if you dont look at the laggy stuff and some little issues- if you like anno and minecraft  you have here his son or daughter with more frozen people that you heat in a microwaveif you like there jobs- i love the lazyness of this game i mean you can just click buttons to buy all your stuff than you can just use a blueprint                     to build an hole complex of factory on top you can just click and get all you bodys get a job.- nice soundtrack- use the ♥♥♥♥ing F1 and F2 keysCon- Dont try the tutorial use the ♥♥♥♥ing F1 and F2 keys or better watch an lets play or something on youtube.pls remove the tutorial its more confusing than helping your F1 Toolipps are much better if you show them the player more its really much better than the tut.- yea about the laggs and stuff this killed my fun for now i will come later back and will play it again because i want to enjoy this game its much better than this current stateI want to recomend  this game on your wishlist or try it and make you owen vision on this. I will wait for some months and get the full balls exploding experience.
76561198155497412,Recommended,305940,16121477,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Relins,This is one of the best games i have played in a long time
76561198038469378,Recommended,305940,16766397,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,suppa,Project AURA despite being on Early Access is very playable. The game still lacks most of the systems and content but I expect that to improve in time.Pros:* Very novel back story.* Streamlined implementation.* Active developer posts on forums and listens to feedback.Cons:* At this time balance and pacing feel off but that's to be expected.* The design so far does not feel organic enough. Could veer into spreadsheet territory.* UI needs some refinement.I would pick up this title if you want to support the developer and give feedback. The feedback is clearly being read.
,Not Recommended,305940,13880100,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Celador,"I've voted for this game on Greenlight since i like strategy games, especially ones with micro and macro management. I've also viewed a gameplay video and decided to buy it myself since its only about 6 bucks here.At the moment it appears to be in a very... very raw state indeed to the point of being barely playable.Two major issues encountered right at the main menu - title music gets so loud at some point that it almost hurts your ears while type font is pretty close to being unreadable and hurting your eyes. Assaulting a player at two fronts simultaneously in the first couple of minutes is not a good start.I've launched the tutorial and found it decent enough for an alpha. The graphics were quite pleasant, especially shield animation and rain outside said shield. I wish the were more ""elements"" outside like acid rains, snows, thunder strikes, radiation or at least a sun, but the world seems to be bare at the moment - its just ocean and rain all around you. Night and day cycle doesn't exist either though shadows appear to be moving along. At this point i've also encountered a lighting bug (everything went dark) which was fixed when i switched off anti-aliasing (its not a major issue for an early access game, just mentioning it for others who might encounter same bug).When i got to the actual game it reminded me of Capitalism and Capitalism Lab because of the constant micromanagement it involves. It also became apparent that tutorial was completely useless and did not cover even 1/10 of the information you need to start playing. If i hadn't seen the gameplay video on youtube i would not have known how to play at all. Tutorial didn't even mention how to speed up the game (shift and numpad + by the way) which is essential if you don't want to wait for hours to fabricate the stuff you need.Then there's a fabrication process itself which relies completely on your micromanagement skills - you'll have to manually start the process often since you simply won't have enough resources to put it on several cycles at ones. It would've been swell if you didn't have to wait for an essential ""fertilizer"" for several minutes to get seaweed rations and tomatos which also take quite a lot of time to make. At the very least they could've made fabrication process completely automatic so it would craft the items without needing to constantly start the process manually even if you don't have enough resources at the moment.Tutorial doesn't even explain how can you get that fertilizer by the way, so i had to search forums where you are being directed to wiki which is currently ""under works"". Even putting food inside a menu or placing buildings is a chore since sometimes your clicks do not register properly for some reason.Buildings can be made into templates, which basically consist of an entrance, main factory or house and additional modules. I like this idea i just wish that popup windows been more responsive and text more readable. Right now its incredibly frustrating to make those templates and buy needed resources on the market (also not explained in the tutorial) as you can barely see what you are doing.The last part of this game involves ""unfreezing"" colonists so you can use them as workers/directors/technicians at your plants which would've been an amazing feature if you could actually select them yourself instead of relying on a ""roulette"" style of getting them, where you get them at random and might end up with a lot of useless mouth's to feed later on. Its your colony - shouldn't you be able to select whomever you want to settle it? Perhaps making it harder and more expensive to unfreeze different skills and levels of colonists would've been a better idea.Overall - the game is pretty raw even by the early access standards. It can be compared to ""war for the overworld"" in being barely playable and not exactly fun at the moment. Slapping it with an ""alpha"" tag would've been appropriate.I really want to like this game and i hope that i will change my mind when or if this game is finished but right now i can't recommend it.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So it's been more than a year and several major patches been applied to this game. I've decided t o launch it again and unfortunately found out that not much has been changed since then.Same obnoxious music in the main menu, same horrifying UI and same barely playable game which froze 15 seconds after i started while i was messing with energy settings.It feels like the developers just ""don't get"" that it's not enough to have a good idea behind a game - you also must have a proper way to relay that idea to a player. You can't make a strategy game without good UI, im sorry - but you just can't. Tiny messy windows with a lot of abbreviations and no tooltips cannot be considered a good UI. I've mentioned capitalism 2 before - it's old. It's very old. It's horrifyingly old. Yet it has better UI than this game. It's just not right.I can overlook bugs (ok, its beta, i get it). I can live with the music choice. I can eventually learn what you have to do on wiki, forums and youtube since tutorial is still lacking. But i just can't recommend a game with this UI.I don't know if it's possible to change and save this game at this stage but if it is - just play Cities Skylines, Capitalism 2 any other city building or economical sim and take some inspiration. At the very least - make UI windows bigger and more readable (start from colonist creation and color pallet), make tooltips and less abbreviations. If you can't make unique and interesting UI - at least settle for usable and readable one.Hopefully it's not the end."
,Recommended,305940,23062718,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,IcewaterCreekStudios,"Status;""IN PROGRESS""Slow and steady wins the race, very slow it seems and very steady?!It is like watching paint dry at times in game development, but at the end, you have beautiful color and highlights to any room when finally finished. Provided you did not have an electical fire or run out of paint, in which case Project Aura would be listed as ""Progress Inhibited"".This title has been in EA for a very long time. Over a year and half ago, and there has been very little progress, but progress none the less, so strap one on and pack a lunch! This one is in it for the very very very very... long haul.Still a two man team, with no agenda in sight or plans listed for development agenda.Oh, and thanks for responding a while ago guys, which means devs are active, but where is the major patch? Actually, what do you consider Major? We know what we consider that term to mean in the Enlgish Language :-) But keep plugging away gang... any update keeps you ""IN PROGRESS"".Give it a thumbs up for now because it is playable, and because they added spanish voiceover which was cool for their video and they havent stopped working on it even tho it has been nearly 1.5 years.Good things come to those that wait... but I dont have that long, but will keep checking like always!Discalimer; The Review Crew's evaluations are based on paying close attention to forum response and activity, system demand, fun of the game genre, position of originality in respective genre, growth of the project in its current state at time of review, graphics as a whole for end user, presentation of the game and display, replayability, patch/tweak progress, beginner friendliness & gameplay direcction, content & depth, attention to detail on small things(polish), lag and multiplayer application if applicable, badge card availability, with a minimum 8 hours of gameplay and interaction with customer base after release. We are not affliliated with any specific brand or entity or on any payroll. All views are based on positive only feedback as we are in no position to criticise anyones craft, just current states of development and progress at the time of our participation. If we offend anyone with our content, it was not us! Our review was hacked!"
76561197978541427,Recommended,305940,18166494,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,TheOneDragon (Rethghar),Would not properly run on my system at first.  Everytime it would load it sent mi screen into a non stop flicker that could cause a normal person to have a seizure.Trashed the config file and the game seemed to load just fine after that.Running on Windows 10
76561197972044311,Recommended,305940,18552464,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Enes,for Micro Managment lovers.
76561197991523491,Recommended,305940,16619774,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mojoyoyo,"Good game in process to become a gorgeous game.*Edited at 29/11/2016*The game now has improve a lot since the last time i played it through. The feeling of the game is great and there is tons of things to do. Be ready because there is not another game like this one in the market and the eco feeling is great if you are into that sh*t (i am :D)I would prefer if they focus more in the enviroment/end of the world challenge and not in the corporations rivalry but the good thing about early access is you can write in the forums and add changes to the game (if the community and devs like them)It's a good purchase and they update the game each month so it's a sin not to buy it in a sale (like winter,outum, etc) I bought it for its full price and i'm happy with it."
76561198017076394,Recommended,305940,24045468,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bumaximka,"Haven't played for a while, came back to the recent update and I really like the improvements and changes. It's definitively not like all those ""early access scams"", it continues developing and improving."
,Recommended,305940,15315559,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,kwiksilver344,"It's in its alpha stage. you can't really complain about the bugs, which are probably going to be fixed soon. Oh well, just have to suffer. Anyways, it's a cool game. Micromanagement and you have to really find a way to get a good profit. I like it. Hours of fun. It would be awesome if it was mulitplayer somehow! Which seems kind of hard. Find an angle on it... Maybe your cities are seperate but could interact with each other. While also selling your items to others for a good profit.OH! also if your still listening. It says ""recommended"" there is windows Vista and windows 7 are the recommended. 1) windows vista isnt even supported anymore. (being in 2015 I dont get how they have that even up anymore) 2) I guess I can kinda see windows 7 being a little more powerful seeing as how their drivers are more... optimized for gaming. but none the less, the new technology age is coming."
76561198239924216,Recommended,305940,17122415,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,nuriariverajimenez,"Just starting playing this game (a friend of mine bought it and i've been watching him play) and I just love it and ended buying it myself hehe.There are some things I miss from the game. But reading the patch notes and the future features everything I want the game to have is already there. Mods, campaigns, challenges, ... :DReally looking forward to beta 3!!!Keep it up!!"
76561198139509125,Recommended,305940,13908700,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Analog_Lightbulb,"Wonderful feeling, soundtrack and concept. Definitely not finished even if it feels very polished and stable for an early Beta.If you could keep the game like it is and just add more of everything (trade, options, window resizing, back story, zoom in options, buildings, building modifications, etc) you will have a game that is at least, 4 out of 5."
76561197993060918,Recommended,305940,17835915,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Aquinas,7.5/10
76561198042376599,Recommended,305940,15710034,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,WisdomTooth8,"Beautiful game and I was  very keen to get into it. I found the tutorials helped but you need to know more to actually get that seaweed farm up and running!!Just as I was getting into it, it crashed. Again. I don't know if there's an autosave but I've found it very frustrating that I keep losing my game... Maybe I need to leave it for a while and come back.Sadly not for me until it stops crashing on me - if it works on your system however it feels really engaging and I'm sure it'll be a great game. A tentative recommendation."
,Recommended,305940,35053017,Posted: 18 September,all,DrNiggle,"TL;DR – As an early access game this has a lot going for it already. It needs to work on balancing resource development and technology progression, but the management systems at the core of the game are excellent and the devs are present in the steam/PA forums so the Q&A available makes getting a grasp on the mechanics more than doable.This game takes the concepts behind the Anno series and games like Banished and then dives into the mechanics of colonist, resource and technology management and lets you micromanage the heck out of them. Progression is slow and every advance you make, be it adding a food item to the menu or unlocking a new tier of technology, must be meticulously calculated. That’s why I love it.To give you an idea of resource management, one of the more simple things in the game are plastics: you will need 3 different types (alpha, beta, gamma) throughout the game and a plastic manufacturing chain will be the second or third thing every colony establishes. You need to:Build a hangarBuy an alpha shipUnfreeze a director, a pilot, and a technician and assign them to the hangarBuy an alpha ship mission and set it to collect plastic garbageBuy a maintenance blueprintSet start/repeat on the alpha ship mission and maintenance blueprintsBuild a recycling centerUnfreeze a director, two recyclers, and a technician and assign them to the recycling centerBuy a recycling blueprint and set it to recycle plastic garbageBuy a maintenance blueprintSet start/repeat on the recycling and maintenance blueprintsBuild a plastics sorting/melting/flaking facilityUnfreeze the five colonists necessary to work thereBuy or unlock the four blueprints for the facilitySet the production chains for the last two blueprints to queue alpha, beta and gamma plasticsSet start/repeat on the four blueprintsBuild a prefab facilityUnfreeze the colonists necessary to work thereBuy or unlock the blueprints for the facilitySet the production chain to queue alpha, beta and gamma plasticsSet start/repeat on the blueprintsIf you don’t have a blueprint or one is not on the market and you don’t have a blueprint left to unlock, then you have a whole separate production chain to work on for researching them. This process isn’t nearly as tedious as it may sound at first and the experience makes getting a production chain up and running that much more rewarding. The game is full of logistical challenges, and as you progress, the systems can become more complicated and rely more on other systems, which speaks to the game balance.The balance of resources produced to resources used is already great. The balance of technologies researched to technology cost needs some improvement. It can be difficult to expand at all once the technologies to unlock power upgrades (vital for expansion) start requiring core techs/documents, because these take considerable resources to develop, not to mention a lot of time. While completely possible, this does cause long spans in the game where it seems like you’re doing nothing but waiting.As for foods, ship add-ons, automation stations and power modules, the game offers a myriad of evermore-complex upgrades that make noticeable improvements to every corner of your colony.Where the game needs the most improvement right now (patch 2.96.2) is in the imparting of information. The game either needs at least a half dozen more tutorials, or a pure sandbox mode. This would go a long way towards teaching non-economic-worldbuilder-veterans how to get a good start, since the slightest mistake early in game could devastate your colony and make you just start over.At the moment it’s also absolutely necessary to claim some bonus packages at the new colony screen, because without some free blueprints and power modules, you’re asking for a dead colony. It would be nice if there were either more tier-1 blueprints available on the market, or security boxes were easier to get in a level 1 colony.The game also doesn’t have any resource graphs that I could find, so it’s difficult to track a decline in food or fertilizer or water over time. For that, you have to keep an eye on the numbers of resources in your inventory and try to remember values so you notice if you’re running out of something. Graphs would be a great addition.There is also nowhere to see a summary of what level colonists you have and the available housing space for that tier. I currently have to manually add up the number of junior, senior and master colonists I have and then visually check to make sure I have enough residences to house them. A summary screen for this info would be a great addition.It would also be nice if there were some more glitter; 1x1 and 1x2 parks, industrial gadgets, commercial outlets, something to fill in the extra space left over once you’ve completely filled a platform.Overall I’m happy I bought it and 100 hours in I’m going to be playing it more, even though it’s not finished and things like drones and energy combos haven’t been implemented – I’m excited for when they are."
76561197999467867,Recommended,305940,16310760,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Fibrizzo,"Very good game for an early access. I've been playing for a while and I love it. The gameplay is very unique on some aspects, and familiar on others.With the addition of the tutorial the gameplay is much easier to get the hold of the game.I am very excited for this big ""beta 3"" coming next month!  We are getting a lot of more features.Really looking forward to it ^^"
76561198009631248,Recommended,305940,15546136,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Naerth / Sally,"Tutorials cover basic concepts of food, but dont tell you how to obtain any of the base resources.  Took a lot of guess test and revise.  I couldnt figure out how to turn the game speed up either, so it was pretty slow.  Everything needs to be bought off the market, but ultimately your goal is to either buy base materials and sell finished products, or maintain self sufficieny.It seems like this game does have potential, but there isnt much to it other then the resource balancing act.   I felt more connection with Banished, when it came to resource management so far.  Im sure there are ways to make the game more appealing instead of maintaining production lines."
76561197970528471,Recommended,305940,16569454,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,-DI- R3dl1ne,its a good game but would like to see more improvments over updates
,Recommended,305940,15584528,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,JimmyTheDeath,"If you are not intelligent and need allot of hand holding its not in a state for you, But if you want to play a really cool game this one is great. its not done lots of work is needed but there is a basis to work through the production chains and get a feel for what is to come, and what is to come is really , really cool +1"
76561198376909733,Recommended,305940,30816208,Posted: 29 March,all,taborlin,"If you are fan of SimCity, go for it!"
76561198005064933,Recommended,305940,30829174,Posted: 30 March,all,obzard,"Take one crap planet in EVE, add [more] fancy spreadsheets, use all the micromanagement: job yours."
76561198126908909,Recommended,305940,17487464,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,POI,"The game is good, but it is too hard for new player. I was speanding about 1 hours to study it. The utorials are not complete for every thing."
76561198072728772,Recommended,305940,26977158,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cartoria,Cool game -- always excited to see the updates as they get released.
,Recommended,305940,34441220,Posted: 23 August,all,Seneketh,"While not finished, the game already offers a challange in micromanagement terms. If you dont like detailed, slow gameplay, pass. It reminds me of the Anno game series.There is a strong wiki and the patches, when delivered, add a lot of polish and content to the game."
76561198240827078,Recommended,305940,17205750,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Xurugu,After seem what seems something different I just came to Steam because of this game.I post a positive review with the hope to encourage developers!Keep up the great work ;)
76561198269552193,Recommended,305940,19992113,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bombur99,"Great game and potential!Due to its complexity, you will need to look at help and guides outside/wiki. Let's play videos helped me a lot.Even in Early Access: 8/10"
,Recommended,305940,19248823,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,skippyj14,amazing game
76561198035847909,Recommended,305940,33434665,Posted: 10 July,all,danosan40,hard to get started in ECO mode but very indepth . i believe that with the tweaks and support this will be a great game
76561198210071037,Recommended,305940,18050747,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,intence66,GAME REVIEWwarning play for more than 2 hours u dont get a refund ...... i never saw this 2 hour rule thing of game play equals no refund but yea just thort id say lol but i first dident like the game as it seemed so complex but then i managed to set up a continueing food and water suply but i kinda figured that the water is the main thing to sell and get loads of credit points back to spend on things  ............ but all in all ive come to like the game its solid but also time taking but a really good game once you understand how to play
,Recommended,305940,32065966,Posted: 30 May,all,darknight,"WOW, ummed and ahhed for a while before getting this for quite some time, but im really glad i got it, great ambient sound track and very nice visuals, with very cool looking menus.really fits the game well.the tutorials are absolutly fine, you just need to use your brain, as near the end of them you complete stuff by using things you should have remembered.all in all i love it, if you like management games in a different setting i urge you to get  it now and help the devs put food on the table :)"
,Recommended,305940,22640414,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,TinyPower,"Sort of laggy.Unfriendly Drag&Drop.Give Devs more time to develop better.In conclusion, Nice game, but need to be optimized."
76561198385247448,Recommended,305940,31826699,Posted: 18 May,all,pipapep,"Very deep and management intensive, but not suitable for all audiences.The next patch is promising!"
76561198376374612,Recommended,305940,31467526,Posted: 30 April,all,Otilla,"While still lacking of many features it is a good game, great potential."
76561198112590296,Recommended,305940,22120215,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,JerimiahLL,The game is glichy but hard enough to make you think.
76561198273858984,Recommended,305940,23727905,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jamepix,This is a very good gameKeep up the good work!
,Recommended,305940,16920330,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,The Night King,black and yellow
76561198166766446,Recommended,305940,22100993,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,JC4ervo,Looks very promising so far
76561198389346983,Recommended,305940,31878250,Posted: 21 May,all,masura,A micro management fresh approach which still needs a lot of polishing.
76561198397936137,Recommended,305940,33190144,Posted: 3 July,all,Koppins,"Lacks a lot of animations and immersion and Im still waiting for balance and promised features to be implemented, but I like this game a lot, very deep and complex.*Playing 2.96 version (game's test branch)."
76561198008828397,Recommended,305940,15064215,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Locomotor79,hmm odd i am getting clones off ppl who i canot use and what i need i am not getting nice very nicemean not cool and how am i suppossed 2 gain the fertilizerfor making the seaweed there is no way in getting itevery time you place a building there should be giving a bit more clones/survivers make those 4degree/ranks scroll bar iff there are morre off junior or the other rank's
,Recommended,305940,22292916,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,lucasgrathouse,It's fun but I don't get it.7/10?
76561198115086891,Not Recommended,305940,28354728,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Vman2023,"There are problems with this game. I understand this is in beta development and all, but there are some issues that are straight up there.1) The starting play: it is the same thing no matter what. The building footprints are such that you cannot do anything with variety. There are certain things that are required and the only way to satisfy them is by getting ""cheats"" by buying them rather than earning them as part of the planning and play of the game.2) Since the life is important, the medical stuff should not be so difficult to get to, yet one must get at things that by the time you are ready, there is not enough funds to do anything. There is no building up to anything and then the personel just start to die because you can't get the medical stuff up without spending to get there.3) the trade system is not there at all. There has to be a way to earn the funds needed without having to always buy and sell them. The ""trade"" system is just a way to get what is there already but not available by any progression.At a price of $20, one would expect more playability and it just is not there. It is so not there that it is hard to believe that there is any development to make it there. The graphics are definately a draw. I think the devo-team should take a step back and really look at this as I see the potential that is there. But, right now, it is not worth $10."
76561197969333702,Recommended,305940,33537839,Posted: 14 July,all,Mr Fisk,"!!TLDR at the bottom of this review!Project AURA is a very good concept, but unfortunately it's still only a concept. Very specific roadmap but extremely slow development progress. Looking at their old roadmap, this game was to be released earlier this year. It is still early access.Now I don't have a problem with delays if it's to ensure good gameplay (Software tester myself), but after taking a 6 month break and starting it up again, only to see... Nothing. Absolutely nothing new or any gamebreaking changes.All they managed to do these past months is to make lots of text horribly hard to read, they introduces a very nice saggy lag (still playing on the same computer as before and no lag earlier), and changes to the ""vital reserve"" that still looks just like it did before.However! I still haven't given up hope on this game. They have made a great time killer so far, and it just needs that final touch. So I'm hoping they can stick to the roadmap now.But to summarize:Pros:- Very interesting concept- Potentially promising future- Great game for those that love micro management (Not for lazy persons that want everything served on a platter)- Cozy atmosphere- DetailedCons:- Very steep learning curve (Don't get this if you think games like sim city is too hard.)- Not intuative at all. Be prepared for a UI that hates you and never cooporates)- Lag. Ran perfectly fine before, suddenly it's slow and saggy.- Lack of logic. E.G. Your ""ships"" (flying heli-ships) will fly around the world, but can only find seaweed, metals, plastics and old ""Vestige"" like paintings? And why can we build super advanced flying machines  that does not require fuel, but not a simple boat for fishing?- Advancement progress is messed up. You build a seaweed farm and an advanced recycling centre during the first 5 minutes, but you need a huuuuge load of research, time, colonists and multiple ""farms"" before you can bake a loaf of bread?? Baking is currently end game stuff and for a colony that have flying ships with endless fuel reserves... well... lack of logic.- Power management... h dear... Once again, flying machines with infinite fuel, but maintaining power levels is a B***H.- Morale system... I'm just gonna go ahead and say that it is completely worthless, and someone thought about it waay too much. And replacing the living quarters to satisfy everyone... oh dear God... just a whole new level of irritating.So this game has flaws. Lots of them. But I will still recommend this game to people that love micro management. And with that I mean ONLY people that love micro management. Because this game is ALL about micro management. I see a lot of ""It's too hard!"" in the discussions, and yeah... thats the damn point. Maintaining a post apocalyptic colony would probably be a frikkin hard thing to do...But I will stick to hope and will absolutely play this alot more when, and IF they manage to add that final touch.TLDR; If you skipped to this part, this is NOT a game for you. Simple as that. It's hard, takes time to learn, and involved a dung heap of micro management. Get over it and go play The Sims or something."
76561198394797951,Recommended,305940,32368520,Posted: 12 June,all,Mysteron,"Intensive management, very promissing ea title."
76561198110540311,Recommended,305940,14826294,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,ianmoone97701,does this game support controler use and if not will it in the future ?
76561198405206862,Recommended,305940,33731688,Posted: 22 July,all,Techy,"Interesting concept, go for it if you have the patience for an early access title."
,Not Recommended,305940,35137962,Posted: 22 September,all,Kektus,"it's very early in development and the menu system is overly complicated without documentation. I clocked up 50 minutes just on the tutorial which really shouldnt have taken so long. waiting for the slowly read instructions and in game triggers to fire to allow progression in the tutorial is what took such a long time. while this game might actually be fun to play, it's going to take longer than the 2 hour steam refund time limit just to begin to play a game which is a deal breaker for me."
76561198007627239,Not Recommended,305940,28858671,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,mauler78,"This is an interesting take on a city builder, but the execution fell flat for me.Menu systems were clunky at best, and it is confusing even after the tutorial to setup productionsThe camera felt like a major hinderence, I wanted to pan around my city and see what was going on be it felt like the camer was lock into a very narrow view.Over all I just did not like how the game was presented, but I think the concept is interesting.  For now, I have to give it the thumbs down."
76561198018195133,Not Recommended,305940,17448292,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,torrentula81,"Mixed opinions about the game. While I do enjoy playing, it has a long ways to go and would not recommend this to the average person. Most of this review points out negative parts of this game but I will say I enjoyed it and hope the dev continues to give this gem some love it deserves.My first 5 hours of gameplay was restarting the game multiple times learning from my mistakes with the lack of information given or intuitiveness of the game. There is a voice interactive tutorial and F1 for help screen but it's not enough for you to really get started. You will need guides or to watch lets plays which means you;re going to have spoilers instead of discovering the game for yourself. I really hate it when game require a wiki. I just do.The first issue is early game every building is unlocked and are game over landmines because they are useless...I built a recycling center only to find out it had no use. Later I saw on youtube a guy bought organic waste to process so I built it again in another game and sure enough the market didn't sell it for me. Money down the drain.I built the garden thing. It wanted apple seeds yet the market only had tomato seeds. It took forever fiddling around, looking at things in the market, wondering if I had the building setup correctly to find a small gear icon to change what a building can produce. A+ tutorial.I built the lowest tier housing to find out you can't produce enough food (hard mode) but block housing does alright. So why are the basic houses even in the game?Built the medical station because all my guys were at 50% health and didn't want them to die. Turns out I didn't need one. First time I've ever played a game where if you're at 50% health don't worry about it, it's considered average health, not half way dead.Build the second type of research building. Again a waste of money because things like invention cards aren't in the game but we will let you wast money on the building itself.Next issue is things are in the game that aren't usable. I already mention the second research building being useless. At the top of the screen are research points. I'm trying to learn the ins and outs of this game I don't need to discover parts of the main UI has info of no use in the current version of the game. I click on tech button and it says coming in beta 3. Don't put this stuff in the game if it has no use whatsoever.Next issue is the start of the game is a grind and not in a fun way. The type of grind on mobile games where you come back in a few hours. Even at 8x speed getting some cash to advance takes forever. Mandatory 2 to 3 hour grind when starting a new game to even gather a pittance of cash to be able to do anything with it. I leave teh game running for 20 minute periods while I go do something else. That reminds me of mobile, not pc gaming. I like a challenge but not the wait times. Give us a x16 and x32 speed.Had game crash after 2 hours of play from my last save. Lost all progress from population 50 to 150. I'm sorry but I am done with this grind fest game. Making things take forever is not fun or challenging. Makes me not want to play again."
76561198040880081,Not Recommended,305940,20867219,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,theT7770ify,"I only played a little bit of this game but at the moment I don't recomend it.It has allot to do with depth vs complexity and Project Aura is very complex and thats saddly not the compliment it sounds. The tutorial was bare bones at best and hardly set me up to undestand what I needed to do when I started the game, and even after looking up external videos about the best way to start the game I was still at a loss. At the moment managing things is to much of a pain unless your really ready to dedicat yourself to it and I was not. There are a few parts I could recomend, its aesthetics for one are a very good choice and I feel limiting the space you can work with would provide a fun challenge. But saddly I couldn't get far enough to see it because the first impressions really let it down and I found myself unable to continue"
76561198031440649,Not Recommended,305940,18777174,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Cunden,"Some aspects of the game become so weirdly complicated and technical it becomes more of a chore instead of a game. They have added a lot of features and different things, giving it a just massive collage of stuff and even harder to understand some aspects. Now some aspects are very easy! But its potential as a game is very high they just ruin it in some functions.The Graphics are great, my main criticism is it needs to not be calculator looking. It has great potential, just needs to tone down on all the technicality and make it more basic of a game, and get rid of all the calculator theme for the numbers, its ugly.Ill change my review once I see some progress."
,Not Recommended,305940,20026332,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,I'm a Banana,"Project AURA sure would be a nice game, if it was finished. The main current issue is that the game is pointless, just set up your base and you're done. There are no interactions with the outside, no objectives, no events so the game quickly becomes extremely boring.However, the building micromanagement system is very promising."
76561197998588617,Not Recommended,305940,29596888,Posted: 30 January,all,AoD,"Too slow, Too meticulous, Too boring.Not recommended now - tutorial barely scratches the surface on what you need to know.  Day 14, several hours in and still have no idea how to make the next step of materials, let alone no room, no resources, blah blah.Nice idea though, excruciatingly poorly executed.Will try again in a year.Not recommended now."
76561197966774999,Not Recommended,305940,16245958,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Khaim,"There's a promising core here but as of June 2015 the game is not worth playing.The tutorials do a terrible job of explaining how the game actually plays. You'll learn what most of the buttons do but not the overall picture. They show you how to set up the *second* production step for basic food (raw seaweed+fertilizer->food rations), then dump you into the game. Good luck figuring out where you're supposed to get those ingredients to start with.The graphics are surprisingly good for this type of game, but it's only skin deep. The camera controls are finicky and won't let you zoom out enough to get a decent panorama view. Buildings look interesting and many have cool work animations, but there's almost zero information conveyed. The salvage planes flying in and out are pretty cool; now if only I could distinguish between the three types, or what materials they're carrying. Even the platforms that you expand onto lack clarity. You have to build the floor and the power system separately (again, something the tutorial and help screens fail to explain). The difference between an unpowered platform (that you can't build on) and a powered platform (that you can) is a thin line around the edge that glows red.The UI is your worst enemy. You'll find yourself clicking through the same menus over and over again because the important controls are hidden behind three layers. Meanwhile, there are eight top-level buttons that have hotkeys. These include three rarely-needed status/upgrade menus, one temperamental and out-of-theme building menu, and two menus for features that *aren't implemented yet*.There's no good overview menu. It's hard to even manage your inventory to see what items you have and what you need; forget about seeing the flow of production in your colony. You can't even see whether your buildings are working or not without carefully mouse-overing each one. And if you do see something is stopped, you'll still need to click through to figure out why. Did it run out of input materials? Did you forget to click the ""run forever"" button? Did you click that button, but not the ""restart when new materials are ready"" button?And if you forget what this building is even producing, don't worry, that's an extra click. On each production line.As previously mentioned, key game components are still missing, notably the research system. This actually wouldn't be a big deal except that the system is half-implemented. So you can building research labs and produce research tokens (color-coded science items), but then the only thing to do with those tokens is sell them on the market."
,Not Recommended,305940,17638487,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,NovaNardis,"I've given this game most of a day, and I suspect I will give it more.  Here's my main gripe. After 6 hours, I think I finally figured out how to start a colony.  Which isn't bad; I don't mind complexity.  And AURA is definitely complex.The problem is it crashes a lot if you switch between programs (alt+tabbing).  That wouldn't be a problem, except that the four tutorials the game offers barely cover what's required.  So reading wikis and watching videos online are almost mandatory.I think this game has a lot of promise, but right now it is too raw for me to recommened."
,Not Recommended,305940,20172444,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,hectorgon,I was excited about this game until it came to the organization charts management interface where you have to allocate every person to every role. And then it felt like work and it sucked the fun out of it. Org charts in the ocean basically. I personally like more autonomous agents in games like City Skylines and Planetbase rather than allocating each person to a job as in this game. It felt too micro-managey for my taste.
,Not Recommended,305940,23349801,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Valsharen,"All in all a brilliant concept with good graphics and in depth colony management. The game tackles the problems of the ever changing climates of our planet by allowing you to remotely manage a colony in the future. I play quite alot of colony sims such as the old fragile allegiance to the modern banished and I do believe this game has massive potential.However.. The interface is not very intuitive alot of them are rather clunky and crude.At this moment this severely detracts from the experience and makes the game only for people withgreat patience and intuition.As it stands, I cant recommend the game quite yet. So for my own part I definitely will be looking at the updated versions from time to time to see if it's improved any as it really has great potential."
,Not Recommended,305940,23412901,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,LiberaVigilantia,"Pros:The game seems fairly refinedCons:The UI is unecessarily complicated and obtuse. Don't get me wrong, it's understandable and not too hard to figure out, but still not pleasant to work with.Multiple menus are generally required to perform any action, and basic actions require more individual steps than required.The actions of your colony don't happen right in front of you.It seems like there's unecessary micromanagement without adding enough interesting depth - you're planning out every detail of your colonists lives and organizationThe build space is fairly inflexible and doesn't expand organicallyAn example of several of these problems happens when you need to feed people, you might need to purchase something from a market place, then drag it from inventory to a larder, then use the larder to design a meal. An alternate would just be having colonists eat what they need from inventory. But, basically every other aspect of the game suffers from this problem.Overall, if you're going to play a colony sim, try something else"
76561198014895998,Not Recommended,305940,20246691,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,goov,way to micro manage and overly complicated. Maybe when its out of alpha
76561198046897182,Not Recommended,305940,19099160,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,porfora,"This could be a great game but it is so frustrating it is not enjoyable.  The final straw for me was putting in a building only to find that the blueprint I wanted to use would not go in, it would only accept a blue print I was already using.  Simply trying to re-assign a worker is a nightmare.  Some may call this fun, to me it's like another job, no fun at all, I thought that was what games were meant to be."
76561198007669949,Not Recommended,305940,18934121,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,mcallisr,"Neet concept but still need some large hole int eh economy to plug befoer enjoyablePurchase screen is focus on one click one purchase which was anoying given that you may need 30 water or food per day just to feed your colony.  The abiliyt to fast purchase material was also available but not covered in the tutorial.An interesting concept on balancing resources both in and out however lack of information on some item gave was slightly frustrating.  Like lack of blueprints for some building operations, no ability to purchase furtalizer to make basic food and a few other thingsOverall this game is still in early beta stage and still needs several hole to be filled to be enjoyable"
76561198007289136,Not Recommended,305940,33976864,Posted: 2 August,all,johnny6973,"Its been abandoned.I stand corrected. I based my view on the last time an update was implemented which appeared to be 7 months ago.But appearently when the makers say they are no abandoning it, its not abandoned."
76561197966559103,Not Recommended,305940,21204522,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Zortiander,"The games is overly complex, menu structures are hideous and it is neigh to impossible to find the things you need. There is none of the enjoyable aspects of an ANNO title or Cities: Skylines or similar - it is an endless chain of senseless micro-management without rewards. Ultimately, you could just play with an Excel spreadsheet and achieve the same level of ""game""."
76561198063152800,Not Recommended,305940,23981751,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Pimsky,Game unplayable because of the following:-Tooltips disappear and don't return-Wheel up and down breaks within 15 minutes and makes it impossible to select things from a list (scrolls up or down immediately)-Touchpad support is spotty-Zooms in and out randomly-Odd tech/production treesThought this would be vett'd by beta 3. was wrong.
76561198027796696,Not Recommended,305940,15647208,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,nathanael.keeler,I found the gaps between the tutorials and the actual game too frustrating to bridge. Shows potential but I do not recommend in its current form. April 2015
76561198031853757,Not Recommended,305940,15780629,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,alphaprior,"The game seems interesting at first but it's very disappointing once you get the whole idea. It's extremely slow and boring. It feels like nothing happens. Increasing speed doesn't help game still feels dead.In other city sims you see people, traffic, events.. here nothing happens.There is a basic tutorial but limited to essentials, after that you are on your own so you have to learn it the hard way by playing again and again until you figure out how everything works. Some of the functions are disabled for beta (e.g. research)No help, no info tips, interface is broken, several panels around screen for no apparent reason. Things that should be together are apart. Several unknown stats. Numbers and numbers..But if you want to check how much money you have, you have to open your storage panel!Colors are mostly white and grey not just the interface but the whole game..Creating a colony is a very slow process. Production is micromanagement nightmare.You start with very basic, the food, you need to buy, build, employ lots of stuff and citizens to produce the most basic food.Every building needs a director which comes from colonist pool the ""Vital Reserve"" they are random so if he is not there you wait or exchange one of the colonists for the one you want at a price.After director you need to buy blueprints for production, e.g. Seaweed fattening and Seaweed drying blueprints. And of course you need farmers and operators in each blueprint.And finally you need resources to produce which you have to buy from the market or get them from Recycler another building more blueprints, more citizens etc etc.If you need to produce something more complicate it becomes a real nightmare, you need lots more buildings, blueprints and to start producing item A, you need B and C, but for B you need D and F similarly for C.... it's just crazy.This game is no fun at all.. it's masochism...I'm very experienced in strategy and city sim games this one feels undeveloped, slow, unprofessional, boring.It could be improved a lot if production is simplified, interface redesigned, and put some spirit into it, something to keep you interested.In this state the game is terrible, I regret for buying it."
76561198100657715,Not Recommended,305940,15552968,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,arn1933,"I'M afraid that this game is in beta 2.6 and i connot advise any one to buy it just yet. you switch the game on and do what has to be done at the start.then you wait for colonist. the best way to do this is to get another divice and play games on it going to the computer every five miniuts or so with luck you will get one colonist you need every hour or so,to get the colonist to operat the seaweed foctory will take about seven hours the same for ditillation and so on for the rest of the buildings. but keep watching things should improve as new updates become available. hope this helps make up your mind. at the moment i would rate this a 2"
76561198040339507,Not Recommended,305940,34672719,Posted: 1 September,all,Maranth,"game has a concept i like, unfortunately i can't tell how good it is since it is unplayable on my laptop since the layers all overlap, making it almost impossible to read information and making me have to put my mouse in the EXACT right 1/4 inch of space in order to click on something(even when the button is much bigger than that)"
76561198020852195,Not Recommended,305940,14925335,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Kahri,"If I'm going to pay money for a supposed 'game' then it should be able to have descriptions applied along the lines of 'engrossing', 'entertaining', and 'fun'.When I gave this game a try, as of 17/3/2015, I napped half the time.Therefore 'engrossing', 'entertaining', and 'fun', cannot possibly be applied.I'm exceedingly sorry I spent money on this.I really -REALLY- hope it improves as admittedly I find the background story/concept attractive. However in it's current state I CANNOT recommend paying for it.Some feedback I would give to the dev from the time I've wasted on it so far:- ""Are you ready?"" confirmation is redundant.- If you're going to have a time scale (cycles/days), and give the ability to adjust the game speed, then the passing of time should be linked to the adjustment of game speed. It would probably have meant I wouldn'tve ended up falling asleep at the keyboard. Also, letting the player know that 'cycle' basically equals a game hour would have been a good thing. Also (again), when you do get the link between adjustment of game speed and the games actual speed fixed, I'm thinking there'll be a few players (I'm one of them) who'll want faster speeds than x4. x10 would be good. Perhaps even faster, I'll have to see what it's like at x10.- Why can't I have maintenance modules separate to other work modules and then link them so that one maintenance module can be applied to multiple work modules?- Why am I applying multiple transport modules to the same pad? Why can't one transportation module apply to all buildings on the same pad?- The degree of experience of employees affects the rate at which the module/part works, and also degrades. In which case, why can't I expand the building, after it's already been laid down, with additional module/parts for the ones that are falling behind?- If I'm told there is 6 new people available to wake, then there should be 6, not 4 or 3. And yes, I did check the different tabs for the differing experience levels.Now, hopefully the dev has plans to adjust the above in their roadmap. But above all else, until the point in time where the adjustment of game speed also affects the passing of game time, I CANNOT recommend this 'game' to anyone.Being so bored that I'm falling asleep is a sad indictment on it's current state."
76561198035934897,Not Recommended,305940,16637127,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Nicolito,"This game is far from polished and has many bugs, wait for the full release."
76561198021954420,Not Recommended,305940,15742340,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Molinari,"I understand the idea behind early access, I really do. But this game is almost unplayable. The tutorial doesn't teach much beyond camera movement and while the UI looks pretty and is fairly functional, it's not at all intuitive, so you are left to sort it all out on your own. This makes it a very frustrating experience overall.I really do hope it gets better, but as of now, the creators have made what looks like a great game that only they know how to play. If you want to click through screen after screen and continue to get more and more confused while accomplishing nothing, then this is the game for you.Obviously, in it's current state I cannot recommend, as there is no evidence that this will turn into a viable product, but I can hold out hope that my $15 wasn't spent in vain.If I were you, I would just hold out on this title - you're not missing anything."
76561198067554256,Not Recommended,305940,15451613,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,painting4,"Please do not waste any of your money on this game.  Don't get it until its out of its early access because it has almost no tutorials whatsoever, so you don't even know how to get money or any other important things.  I did like the graphics but overall would not recommend very frustrating."
76561198003363643,Not Recommended,305940,16638250,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Yokymusha,"Ok, so I know the game isn`t finished yet. But at the curent state I do not like it much. There is really difficoult to get any logic of how and what to build. And what recourses you need to buy to be able to build anything in all those different tabs does not make it bether."
76561198008085753,Not Recommended,305940,15093848,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,thersen,complete disappointment ...maybe someday there will be sense to buy / play
76561198021226205,Not Recommended,305940,16985283,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,treycox33,ONce you get your production going it's pretty boring...
76561198062655101,Not Recommended,305940,15748379,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,XxArringtonxX,"Terribly confusing with little to no hellp from tutorial, start with 0 resources and no way to gather anything?  Will be asking for a full refund."
,Not Recommended,305940,16706217,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,[CZLAN] Sonyc,Boring.... i love sanbox and strategy... but this is boring.
,Not Recommended,305940,17194751,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,KURO,"game is still very buggy and crashes, locks up, and is very diffucult to even get the totorial to work."
,Not Recommended,305940,17020094,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ifitallfails,This game looked so good on paper but the lack of direction and story makesit just feel like a generic facebook game.5/10.
76561197996976060,Not Recommended,305940,28943543,Posted: 2 January,all,BenjiTheHunted,"Running slow and crashed 3 times in a 30 minute period.  Gave up after making it through the first 4 tutorials.I have a relatively beefy system i7-4710HQ, 16GB RAM, SSD, NVIDIA 970M."
,Not Recommended,305940,17207001,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Nokta Kato,"EARLY ACCESS REVEIWThis game is really complex, I didn't get what to do even after playing the tutorial."
,Not Recommended,305940,21303517,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mentat76,Buy Planet base instead.
,Not Recommended,305940,17258899,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Rabid Dutchman,"Lacks any kind of atmosphere or charm to draw you into the game. Systems to streamline production on the UI end of things are non existent (If you want to buy 200 of a resource, click the button 200 times), and the in-game tutorials cover just enough to let you know that the game is complex without covering all the basic information you'll need to play effectively. If you absolutely feel the need to play this game, just play around in excel. The ambiance will be better.I'm aware that this game is still in early access, but I've played plenty of early access games that were actually accessible.Interesting concept, poor execution, 2/10"
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,305940,14304174,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"Good concept, but the gameplay aren't giving any fun, at least, to me."
,Not Recommended,305940,17498051,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Dead meme,"not a good or entertaining game by any means and just is a waste of money and i refunded it when i had the chance plyed the tutorial and a bit of the game and i was utterly unimpressed with the lackluster management and ""totally original"" building system, thats it its all thats in the game, 2 features that werent even done correctly or even playable seriously boring. the UI is completely confusing and limits your ability to do the very few things the game allows to begin with, i love indie games but not the super ♥♥♥♥ty ones. i know i havent played much but that is because it is less fun than BANGING YOUR HEAD ON THE WALL! it has less base building depth than fallout 3. which means nearly none, and sadly base building is this entire game! haha! i dont understand why people enjoy this total piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥in a doggy bag on fire. this game is less satisfying than eating the nothingness out in space and offers up as many new features as flappy bird. and with the horribly unintuitive controls, is about as frustrating as flappy bird too. this game reminds me of the stereotype for jewish people. crazy about getting your money, ugly, and hard to deal with. hey at least the soundtrack is uhh well um tolerable.PROS: it does a good jo of making you feel........... ripped off (lol kinda)soundtrack is ok i guessit has a cool.... name?im scraping the very bottom of the barrel for things that are a least halfway decent.it was an indie game atleast so we dont have another reason to hate EA or whatever other company-looking at you Ubisoft.people eating seaweed, making sure no more fish get addicted to waterjuanagraphics are good!CONS: Horrible UIBad tutorialsWTF? storylineno depth whatsoeverpeople like eating seaweed? wtf.generally not fun and for people that enjoy fun (not including hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s) its just not a good buy, go ahead and try it though (if you dont like it get a refund)lets see... what else is a thing in this game? oh right, a complete and utter lack of features and essential things to make any type of media bearable.missing a reason to spend more than 30 minutes of your precious time on.(will update when i think of more funny ways to convey the information that this game is horrid)"
76561198006867309,Not Recommended,305940,29451859,Posted: 23 January,all,Merlin69,"Bought it 2 days ago but tutorial is very poor and too complicated to understand. You can't just go in and play it, need a degree in science!Got a refund from Steam.Perhaps as it's early access the develpers will improve it but they should've made a good tutorial for new gamers to start with. I can't wait that long especially as I think it's been around for a while as there are lets play videos on youtube which don't help either."
76561198081906644,Not Recommended,305940,26059282,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,lbroadway,You are makeing it unplayable - cant get blueprints to work. cant get building to run. its a game  not reality.
76561198038417216,Not Recommended,305940,18153451,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,gregheizmann,I'm getting tired of buying/ wasting my money on this site.
,Not Recommended,305940,24672208,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Enygmas,"I have played this game like 1 year ago, 30 min. Didn't understand it. I thought I would wait for the full tutorials.I have played now the tutorials and... I still don't understand where is the fun.I am sorry, I can't like this game."
76561197988728735,Not Recommended,305940,26680540,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,DrkGrnFire,"This game is taking forever just for the main screen and stay there, horrible Frame Rate. I have intel i7 6700k witn 32GB of Ram and Nvidia Geforce 1060 with 6GB, I can play every game with out any  problem. Need a big fix on this game."
,Not Recommended,305940,25429130,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Spritzen,I love depth and complexity but I just didn't enjoy this.
76561198021697406,Not Recommended,305940,13891310,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,e39a562r,Don't Buy NOW!Not playable.
76561197988468743,Not Recommended,305940,33593392,Posted: 16 July,all,Knightsodyssey,This game reminds me of a man that has never seen triangle.1/10.
76561198058327942,Not Recommended,305940,28141925,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Chart_E_Qc,well your on your own. Finished the tuto and realized that they showed me f**kall
76561198075463921,Not Recommended,305940,23411724,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,zoiemorrison,"I know games and this one is lame, don't waste your time or money. I'm pretty clever but this one is not very user friendly or rewarding. I'm always up for a good challenge but this time I feel like it's a waste of my time."
76561198032696891,Not Recommended,305940,31778234,Posted: 15 May,all,Cheeky Dude,Game sux a-s-s big time.  A load of pure garbage and a complete waste of time.  Far too overly complicated.
76561197967726793,Not Recommended,305940,32038055,Posted: 29 May,all,Trun,I shouldn't need a tutorial to figure out how to make food.  Do not recommend.
,Not Recommended,305940,23957981,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Duncoup,"I played it once, and i do not remember if it was good or not."
76561198008153798,Not Recommended,305940,30517719,Posted: 14 March,all,rick8204,"Game sucks.  It's too complex and tedious to want to play.  I play a game to escape reality and relax not worry about the ""n""th degree of developing a blueprint. Don't buy it folks."
76561198046321620,Recommended,305940,13938644,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,DeformedSlowest,"Please note that the current build of this game (Beta 2.11) is a sandbox and does not reflect finished game product.Not all features, gameplay, and even buildings have been implemented as of yet and this is a Beta with early access. If you never played a game that is in early access Beta and do not want to be bothered by it's ""incompleteness"",at present this game is not for you. Remember this game is an early acess Beta and not a publisher Beta. There is a difference between those two concepts.You have most likely read the other user reviews and maybe even read some of my postings about the current game build and it's balancing issues so I won't go into game specifics. I would need to highlight that there is a steep learning curve when playing this game as though there is a tutorial, it's very basic. It does not cover basic ""early game"" concepts like resource gathering, production of building materials, and energy/maintenance management. Research and tech upgrading has not been implemented as of yet, as with a host of other game features.For now the game is a sandbox where you can just really expiriment with ""Tetris"" style buiding template design, resource gathering, and resource management. This game, as of right now, requires you to micromanage your colony and it's associated resource gathering and production. Through in the fact that you will need to mind your energy reserves as each building and production of materials requires both energy points and maintenance points, which all buildings will require and fight over. It will be balanced as the game progresses towards completion.Bottom line if you are the impatient type, this game in it's current build is not for you. However if you enjoy a game and:arePATIENThave lots of time to sparewilling to play an early access builddon't mind it being in early access betayou have some $$$ to spareThis game may be for you.MY THOUGHTS ON Beta 2.95.13.02 Hotfix 1 UPDATE19 July 2017After skipping version Beta 2.11 to the more recent Beta 2.95.13.02 Hotfix 1, I found more depth in the game compared to the the last version I played. Some quick observations and thoughts:While the Crafting Help Menu is a great tool to help with crafting, there is no clear line of explanation or how items are obtains and at what level of the colony that you can aquire it.Technology doesn't seem to be implemented completely, such as the Generator Combos Technology From the Eco Corp Tech Tree. An explanation on how to use it and what colony level is required.Description of items seems a little lacking.A tutorial on building a sample production chain is needed to help out new players on starting. Veteran players and people who watch Youtube playthroughs will be familiar but players shouldn't need to go through third party info to learn how to start out.Not sure if this is a feature taken out from previous version but the option to swap out awakened colonists is gone. Then again I always play neutral not picking a corporation so it might be due to that specific game play. Also no new colonists are offered after the initial 5 starting colonists. I'm on Day 465 on my current play through I have yet to get to awaken a ""free"" colonist, let alone be able to swap out my starting 5 colonistOverall the game has improved a lot however obtaining seeds via ""farming and crafting"" is too random. First off you have to research the prerequisite technology and go looking for them via floral, fauna, fruit, or vegetation extraction. Even then it's a random chance to pick them up, and they're damaged. You have to have the Botany Lab researched and have technology corp invention docs, assuming you have the Eco Core Research Center researched and built. I understand the importance but the steps to get to that point is long and tedious.The schema provided is nice but it's not ""built"" into the game. You will need to have the schema open in the background as reference. However the current schema does not list the coloy or reseach level to obtain them. My suggestions would be:Incorporate it into the game as a help menu.You can use this schema as a research technology ladder; an alternative method to researching technology without having to go to the Technology tab.I would also suggest revamping the Technology Tab when researching technologies. Suggestions are as followed:Update the pop up window with items and technology that can be crafted or acquired through the market.Provide the colony level on which items can be researched and/or crafted/bought.Provide a prerequisite/corequisite of items and tech.Power management is also sparesly explained and the Help menu on it doesn't offer much information. Also buildings that are not producing anything still take power. Logically that doesn't make sense since you are not producing anything, power requirements should be almost nill. Gameplay wise you have to understand that building too many buildings without a purpose will have drawbacks. My thoughts are that the game devs wanted you to preplan your next steps when it comes to production chains and punish those without a clear foresight into what they want to accomplish in the long term.Sure you can recycle the buildings, but some building components are not bought back and you do not get all the resources back for recycling your buildings. An explanation of how much resources you get back would be nice too.Aside from that I'm still at colony level 2 and trying to finish building out my first outer ring. Having Omega Hangers and Omega Plans are nice (and very pricey), and I'm finding out that I'm still running out of room as I'm almost fully sufficient but still need to either buy wildcard docs or wait till I research them myself (which is painfully slow). I hate to say this but I'm slowly losing interest as it's a really, REALLY slow buliding process without having my colonist die because the Morale system is also lacking in explanations and what items are needed per colony level to maintain them with decent morale.My first time to go to colony level 2 all 50 of my colonists died due to poor morale, which affected their health. The pop up window said they'll be more demanding but no other information was provided. I bit the bullet on a previous load and spent another 120 days acquiring items to build apartments to house my colonists, which I incidently found out provide morale boost of +3 to counter the colony gain of -2. The Apartment Services blueprint help with another morale boost of +1 (which needs further explanation).FINAL THOUGHTS:Overall the Beta is still basically a sandbox which needs a lot more content and more explanation. The issue I have is that it's way too high of a learning curve to start playing the game which has, at best, a very limited tutorial in helping you start your first colony. Progression in the game is very tedious and painful, and upgrading your colony to the next level without knowing what to items, buildlings, and tech are needed will cause a mass death situation with your colonist leading to a very expensive colonist awakening process to fill in spots for buildings that are empty.This game isn't for the casual gamer as it has a very steep learning curve. The interface is not for the faint of heart and takes some time getting used to. Crafting items needed are not fully explained and information on when and where you can obtain them are hard to come by. What I know comes from multiple game reloads and using the ""trial and error"" method. The game still lacks content and features still need to be implemented. If the game devs can implement the missing features, provide more content, and provide game balances, and have patience, this game may be for you."
,Not Recommended,305940,35095566,Posted: 20 September,all,Illegal Meme-Slinging Pepe,"Good concept, extremely repetitive. Gets boring real quick."
