user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,306130,17056172,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,[SPG] ProfessorShanks,"├Professors Review┤Score60/100Game Pros• Giant fully explorable beautifully designed world• Night/Day Cycle (3 hours each)• Weather• 1st and 3rd person is easily accessible• Designated PvP area• Customer support is very helpful• Various lines and skills for crafting• Ton of possible character builds• Mass amount of quests. (You'll have a hard time running out of things to do)• Frequent updates• A lot dungeons ranging in difficulty for you and your friends (or random players) to complete.• Microtransactions are mainly all cosmetics (Other than mounts and crafting styles)Game Cons• If you have poor internet, prepare for the longest download. (80Gb)• You can only group up with players from the same faction. So if your friends join a different one, you're out of luck• Minor bugs (Rooms can take a little to fully load, possible freezing/crashing)• Pricing of mounts is a little high (It takes awhile for the normal player to earn even 10,000 Gold. While most horses are 42,000 gold. Other than that, there is one that is 10,000 Gold. Only other option is buying it through the micro-transaction store)• Only guild stores and AI markets. There is no public tradepost (like you would find in Guild Wars)Controversial Features• Leveling system can be EXTREMLY slow, and may take a lot of time and effort to level upRelateable Games• Guild Wars• WoW• SkyrimConclusionElder Scrolls Online is a very fun and potentially an addicting Massive multiplayer online game. 900+ quests, giant open world map with a ton of caves, and dungeons, to explore. Sure there is some cons here and there, but overall I would reccomend this game to any person who enjoys MMOs. In the first 2-3 days of having it, I hit 30+ hours of gameplay. If you got the money and time, i'd pick this one up for sure. And no, you can not do shouts, and there is no dragons. This isn't skyrim.(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)"
76561197974038206,Recommended,306130,32481878,Posted: 16 June,all,Drax,"TLTR: ESO is the best MMO I've played so far.The Good.It has retained many of the best elements from the Elder Scrolls series.-Fantastic sound-score.-Fine graphics.-A world that feels alive.-Great exploration gameplay.The leveling and combat system is far better than any Elder Scrolls game, by miles. For PvE combat is great, tho I haven't played for long enough to get into PvP yet. You can choose to grind up to cap in a single session, if that strikes your fancy. Or you could care less about leveling and still participate fully in all non-endgame PvE.ESO does not waste my time with long travel times, I can get to anywhere I've already been in between 30 sec to a minute. For me this is a very important point. I detest games that fakes longviety my wasting my time.ESO is not in any way pay-to-win, and it doesen't unnaturally inconvenience the player to make me pay extra. The only inconvenience in the game comes with spontaniously harvesting crafting ingrediants while questing at the same time. This was an inconvenience in the Bethesdas Elder Scrolls games aswell because of inventory. You can pay to unnaturally compensate for this inconvenience through an ingredient-bag.ESO has pay for vanity.The world is immensly open. I can go anywhere I want and be successful straight from the start. There are many questlines with their own story tying into the main story. I can choose freely what storyline to follow, or I can ignore the story entirely if I just want to grind my way to the endgame content or just want to explore. This also means the game is extremely accessible for anyone.Crafting is plesant and feels meaningful so far. There are crafting-quests in addition to crafting for trade, if I want to pursue it as a career. There are few games where I enjoy crafting, but in this one it seems ok.Stealth gameplay is fun, although not innovative by any means.Playing together ad hoc is fun even without groupinng up. Just running together with random people for an area or a difficult fight is quite fun. Probably because combat is fast-paced, players are considered allies for the purpose of abilities, and game mechanics generally supports doing so. It works very well for any open area I've been to, and is faster than grouping up.Some of the dialouge is good.Some of the quests are ok.The Bad.With the game being extremely accessible, people looking for a challenge will have to do a bit of searching or research where to go and who to hook up with.Because the enemies and treasure scales with level, ESO doesen't have the mother-haul aspect of treasure-hunting that some older Elder Scrolls titles had. For instance, in the original Morrowind I could sneak into an ancient abandoned fortress, find a coven of vampires there so powerful they could one-hit kill me, sneak past them, discover an endgame weapon, steal it and leave. It was a very unique feeling when just stumbling into it while exploring.The community tools for ESO are the porest of any MMO I've played. I haven't found an accessible way of reaching ppl even for PUGs. There is no tutorial on how to effectively get a group going, and frankly zero incentive to do so anyway in any area I've been so far. Further, getting a guild seems to be a matter of blindly accepting guild-invites from ppl spamming general chat. For instance I've found no credible channel on how to get info on guilds that may be suitable for me, seek them out and ask for an invite. As a noob I find getting involved in the community in ESO a frustrating chore.There is a tool for queing to participate in dungeons (instances) with PUGs. The tool is never explained however, you just have to find it yourself. Also the queing I've done takes 30-90 minutes. Some times of the day I'm unable to find PUGs for dungeons at all through this tool.The community also doesen't seem very inviting towards new players in my experience. I've not seen anyone being very helpful towards each other yet. It's not that it's hostile, just not very friendly either. It may of course be because the Morrowind expansion was just released and all the established players are over there, for all I know.I cannot fly, levitate or do Khajiit-level jumps in ESO.Some of the story isn't good. They all pivot around the main story in a very overt way. Like in the old arcade games, where there is a scheming badguy and everything except the end-fight is about thwarting his minions. ""His"" minions are everywhere in ESO: Tamriel, and it's just to much of the same. This is very different from the other Elder Scrolls titles, where the monsters of the land seemed to make up a whole ecosystem on their own, with their own lives and events. It makes the stories that follow the quests boring after 25 hours, and deteriorating rapidly at 50 hours.Most of the quests are very boring. Fetch me those items or kill me those enemies. For me this may well become a reason for abandoning ESO, they were the reason I never played WoW for more than 20 minutes. In ESO they aren't as bad as the ones I experienced in the other title. It's normally 3-5 targets instead of 20-30. At first it seemed that this type of quests would be few, but it proved to be very frequent. A real pity.Many of the quests are really stupid. And I mean really really bone 'ead stupid. Like the world-class schemer who's locked himself inside a tomb and left the 3 keys outside the door at different but easy-to-find locations. Makes sense.. It's back to the old arcades, only back then the format required some abstractions. In ESO it's not an abstraction anymore, but a literally really dumb story-element. While there are some straight-forward story elements of the type ""some soldiers have been captured, go rescue them"", nonsense solutions are more common. Fully expect an NPC to suggest solving a problem by shooting her magic rainbow-ray at the moon while farting some magic sunshine. But first you must go find her some rare shrooms at one location, kill 4 zombies at another location, get 3 seashells, then kill an evil monster turtle-boss. Then she can find the spy who's been taken prisoner by the enemy and learn what he knows. And on to the next one.After a quest is done I get a pat on the back, where the NPC tells me this was all my doing. I'm a hero. It's not that it's wrong, it's just that after a while all quest-givers start to seem like a benevolent school-teacher praising a 7-year old.The Ugly.Customer Support are flat-out ignoring support-tickets.There are 3-year old bugs that prevent installing or starting up the game for enough players that the forums have several threads each day regarding them. New players enter the forum frustrated, not being able to play. Some are able to get it working through forum advice, and others can't and refund the game as a result. The ugly part is that the developers don't communicate with the players and doesen't even acknowledge the problem. It's been 3 years now, so it seems they just don't find the bugs worth the cost of resolving vs the number of resulting refunds and bad reviews.Final Words.I don't know how long ESO will keep me engaged. I'm currently doing the story and exploration, but unless the story starts diversifying in the next area I fear I'll seek other content. Maybe that content can keep my attention, maybe not. Regardless, this is the best MMO I've played despite its shortcomings. The combat is quite good, and the absence of time-sinks count for alot. That said, I've yet to find an MMO that could hold my attention for more than a couple of months."
,Recommended,306130,16047131,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,EQOAnostalgia,"Below you will find a video of my first impressions with the game.The game is very good. But here is the problem, most people come into it expecting Skyrim online. DO NOT DO THIS!First let me get this out of the way, as this needs to be noted!If you look at the game as an MMO first and a TES game second you will not be disappointed. Others will look at the limitations compared to Skyrim or other TES single player games. Instead i look at the freedoms! I can loot just about every container i come across, i can go into pretty much every building i come across. Other mmo's don't do this. Other mmo's don't have things scattered across their dungeons to loot aside from corpses. Someone else might say ""well i can't pick up everything like i can in Skyrim"" No you can't, but what mmo let's you? In this you can at least interact with objects more than other games.The combat: You don't just stand in place watching cool downs! You have to react to your enemy, you have to block and dodge. You can't get away with auto attacking! They have improved the feel of combat, you don't feel like you are slicing thin air anymore.The community: It's amazing! Everyone i have spoken to has been extremely friendly, eager to group up, eager to role play and get into character. No one is arguing in the chat! No one is spamming to sell you gold.The crafting: It's just as much fun as other TES games, collecting the reagents you need isn't a chore because the world is fun to explore and gather in! There are plenty of recipes to find and experiment with.The world: The game looks great, it's not mind blowing great, but it does look good, especially for an MMO. This isn't going to look like a graphic mod for Skyrim so forget that! But it's no slouch either. The lighting is very well done but some textures can be bland.The customization: This is a big one! This game has a TON of customization options, dozens of skills to choose from which only get added on from joining things like the fighters and mages guild or becoming a werewolf or vampire! You can use any weapon and any armor type, there are thousands of builds for each class! The best customization i have ever seen and i've been a rabid MMO gamer since 2003.The crown store: It isn't pay to win! It's very similar to GW2 and there are only aesthetic options available. I was so pleased by this that i found myself WANTING to give them money in return for a cool looking mount, pet and costume. They don't pester you for money with pop ups or anything annoying like that. You buy the game and you choose to purchase aesthetics on your own terms.I haven't experienced PvP yet and i haven't got to end game, i am enjoying my time in the game as a slow burn and i recommend you do the same! DO NOT be in a rush to get to cap! Live in the world, enjoy your ascent!In closing i will just say the game got a bad rep early on. Essentially people were paying for a beta until Tamriel Unlimited launched so i can understand their frustrations. But the game is in a MUCH better place now, i'm sure it's going to be very popular when it launches on consoles and the PC community seems to be growing now that the game is B2P!Thank you for reading my review and i hope you find it helpful.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1v-ooOQ4xU&list=PLATrmgzMmuhOLFLFVtQVg65ZwIfrErIYp&index=1"
,Recommended,306130,26381569,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,DC,"So, I hated this game at first...I've never been into a MMO before, and I went into it with a mindset of ""♥♥♥♥ YEAH! MULTIPLAYER SKYRIM LETS GO"" - In short don't do that. This isn't going to be like playing Skyrim, Oblivion, Morrowind.It is when it all comes down to the core an MMO, it's set in Tamriel, it sounds like Tamriel and the storylines feel like an Elder Scrolls game. However being an MMO, it has a lot of grindy MMO style quests. And don't get me wrong, it's bewildering at first, all these mechanics, all these places to go....and before the 'One Tamriel' update if you chose the wrong faction, you were screwed, in a place all on your own surrounded by all these people who are WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY higher level than you. But thankfully they changed all of that. The game scales now, so you can rock up to a dungeon with your level V300 mate, and still have some fun slicing up enemies.So I saw a friend playing the other day, and spent a few hours installing this to join him (By the way its like 70 Gig...If you have slow internet prepare for a few days of download), I got back on it after not playing for 14 months, but this time I was playing with a friend who was already Veteran Level 250, So I was in luck, he introduced me to everything and I got used to all the deconstructing of equipment to get my blacksmithing up, showed me about dungeons and bascially got me to enjoy the grind. I think my previous time was a bit lackluster because I got dropped in the middle of the Aldmeri Dominion on my own, without any of my friends. So I left.Now I know what I'm doing, and keep in mind I usually hate MMO's never played WoW or anything like that, this is the first one. I'm enjoying myself, I'm triple digits into this game time-wise and I don't see it stopping now. We've made a guild for noobies. To help them out, and get them to enjoy the game also. Because the community is nice...but you still get the elitist ♥♥♥♥s from any competitive game kicking you out of dungeons because you're only level 14. But you won't get that when you're in a guild, having people to play with and explain all the mechanics did help, a lot. I've even gone as far as to buy this AGAIN on steam just to collect my hours and so on.Add-ons are awesome being able to mod basic features of the game to help with information and quality of life improvements is a must. I'll provide an essential mods pack if any of you wish to know.For those of you who actually got this far into this, well done. I didn't think I'd keep you captivated long enough to get to the end.If any of you are new to the game, on EU server and would like to join a guild to show you the way, add me or visit ourwebsiteand join us on teamspeak, or just message us in game @diseasedcrow.But all in all if you like Elder Scrolls and you think you want to try this, just do, I'm glad I gave it a second chance."
76561198079374616,Recommended,306130,19293702,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,franku,"The Elder Scrolls Online - Tamriel UnlimitedIntroductionTamriel.  A continent at war. The Dominion, Pact and Covenant fight for supremacy in the Imperial province of Cyrodiil. Meanwhile, Molag Bal has stolen your ♥♥♥♥ing soul.Review -11/26/15GraphicsTamriel Unlimited is pretty. It has a variety of different environments - from the sandy, sunbaked land of Elsweyr, to the frigid, unforgiving land that is Eastmarch. Whilst no, the graphics aren't particularly revolutionary, and definitely not the same quality as Skryim, this is to be expected. For an MMORPG, the Elder Scrolls Online is up there with one of the best looking. Occasionally the world looks a bit 'the same', but usually as you advance to other provinces, the environment and ambience is noticeably different.EDIT: After a discussion with someone who commented on this review (which you can read below) I'd like to add this:Skyrim was a very graphically capable game. The base game, on ultra, compared to ESO, on ultra, is more graphically detailed than ESO in my opinion. However, this may depend on different viewpoints and whatnot. The graphics design and feel each game wishes to portray is different, and this may lead to differences in opinion - which is to be expected.8/10PvEPlayer vs Environment is the part of this game that gets particularly monotonous. It's the easiest way to level up, as you gain a considerable amount of experience for each quest you complete, but  it does indeed become a chore. The characters are forgettable, the quests the same. Kill this, gather 'x' amount of this, talk to her/him. In my 145 hours of playtime, only a few quests have got me genuinely interested. You skip dialogue as it does not mean anything or add to the plot. It does, however, reveal some beautiful locations and there are a FEW interesting quests. For the most part, however, PvE in ESO:TU is pretty 'meh'.4.5/10PvPIf you're not sure about buying ESO for the PvE aspect, definitely consider buying it for the PvP aspect. It is likely the most fun I've ever had in an MMORPG. Nothing quite compares to standing aside a host of 50+ players as trebuchets pound castle walls, the walls crumble, and hundreds of players clash on the field of battle. If you're an Elder Scrolls fan and have always fantasized about some sort of war in Tamriel - buy this game. You're allowed to enter Tamriel at Lvl 10 (3-4 hours of playtime?). Once you enter, your stats are boosted to Veteran Rank 1(?). This means a Level 10 can still be (relatively) effective fighting higher levels, so it's pretty balanced. The PvP itself takes place in the Imperial Province of Cyrodiil, which has been invaded by three seperate factions-The Aldmeri Dominion (High Elf, Wood Elf, Khajit)The Daggerfall Covenant (Breton, Orc, Redguard)The Ebonheart Pact (Argonian, Nord, Dunmer)(With Imperial package you can play as an Imperial in any alliance)There are 15/16 castles around the province, 6 of which surround the Imperial City. There are also various outposts. Around the castles are resources, which, if captured, give benefits to the faction who owns them.The PvP is what makes this game, and what convinced me to stay for 100+ hours.9.5/10UI/LevellingThe UI is well-designed, not too obtrusive. Levelling up is also pretty simple - each time you level up, you get to choose which stat to invest in - stamina, health or magicka.You can then choose a skill which you can plonk in your hotbar and use. Nothing broken or overpowered, though it does take testing to find the most effective skill sets.8.5/10CraftingI'm not going to lie, I've not experimented in crafting at all, so this section is from friends' experiences.It's good. Dying your items can make your armor very unique, the materials are varied and it does take up time. It's not simple. Which is good.8/10FramerateI play this game on a GTX 770 and i7 4770. In the midst of a battle, with dozens of spells and effects going on as well as 100+ players on screen performing their own actions, it did not drop below 50fps. Well optimized, large scale PvP is the only time I've ever dropped below 60fps.9/10GroupingThe group questing/dungeons in this game are good, again, but not particularly revolutionary or exciting. Standard group quests and dungeon, pretty simple. Not a huge variety right now, I think there are about 7/8 without the Orsinium/Imperial City DLC. I've had loads of fun playing dungeons with friends, but it does become a bit stagnant once you've repeated them several times.7/10ConclusionThis game is good. The PvP is excellent, and while the PvE isn't particularly impressive, it still functions. Bugs have almost all been ironed out. Worth your money if you enjoy the Elder Scrolls universe, and are willing to accept certain sacrifices made by Zenimax to make the game a better MMO.OVERALL: 8.5/10New Witcher 3 review:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079374616/recommended/292030/-my first proper review, feel free to comment constructive criticism/positive feedback-"
,Recommended,306130,19281234,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,D.Sofren,"So there I was, at the final dolmen for the Pact.Looked tough as nails. Swarms of daedra surrounded the thing.I could tell a group died here.I crouch and scout around the dolmen. No sign of life.Three corpses.A group definitely died here.I wait for a moment. Nothing happens.Finally, I yell out to my surroundings.""If anyone can hear me -- the time to strike is now!""I look to my right, and from the shadows, a high level archer and his fellow low-level companions appear.I point toward one of the Watchers.The archer nods. Clearly he is leading his group.I draw my greatsword and charge at the Watcher.The archer and his companions blast away at the lesser creatures, drawing them away from me.It took a good ten minutes before we finally defeated the area. I could not believe the difficulty of this dolmen. I never had such trouble with dolmens before, but still I surpassed it.I've waited ten years to feel this way in an MMO. Today, I finally felt it.I helped a group conquer true adversity, and became a real hero to them, with a style of battle completely of my own creation, wearing weapons and armor of my own designs.In this game...I finally got to be myself."
,Recommended,306130,16639291,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Vexrin,"Reviewer: The game is a watered down skyrim, with quests that aren't worth your time, and a very boring storyline.Me: *Plays Game*Got my life saved by a pirate Khajiit, repayed him by helping him, ran into a ghost who had cursed daedric tomes that whispered to her, discovered the politics of Mistral, found out the Maormers stole a treaty, stopped a gigantic hurricane from within the eye of the storm, witnessed the murder of a good guy in the position of ""The Silvenar"", tracked down his assassin, let ""The Silvenar""'s soulmate murder the guy who hired the assassin, found out there was a plot to wipe out the entire population of mistral through blood sacrifice and the energies of storm and wind, destroyed a gigantic storm atronach therefore saving an entire province from catastrophe, helped the captain of the guard keep the queen safe, got knocked out, got kidnapped, found out I was betrayed by a traitor within the queens circle, escaped prison, killed the traitor in an epic confrontation.I can continue, or I can just hit ""Yes"" on this recommended button and strongly disagree with that reviewer. I choose the latter."
,Recommended,306130,23625741,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ThePowerOfEvil,"There is a TL;DR for those who fear the big wall of text.Before I begin, no, it's not Skyrim with multiplayer. Take it as its' own thing. Also this massive wall of text is basically everything I could think about.I have played almost every MMO out there. I played World of Warcraft, I played Maplestory, TERA, FFXIV, and I played Runscape for a time. I played the lesser known ones like The Secret World, Rohan, and Wildstar. ESO is the only game I have consistently played throughout the years. On steam I have 500+ hours on it already.I started playing Elder Scrolls Online since beta, and when it first came out, it was terrible. Nothing was balanced, there was so little content. It lacked basic features that any and all MMOs have standard. Its opening day was really disappointing. Over the last year and a half this game has exploded and every time I read a patch notes I'm always massively impressed on where they are going. Little by little its becoming a true to life Elder Scrolls game. The game today is immensely cool, very balanced and a ton of fun. I don't even recognize it from a year ago. I really am sad that the initial release marked as a bad MMO.Even from the start though, this game was insanely pretty, the character customization was on point. Orcs look like they should (finally) and Khajiits look proper. They didn't copy the Skyrim model types, this game feels more like Oblivion with updates. My one gripe about the characters is you need to purchase a certain pack in the store in order to make a any race any where. I got mine for free with my beta.Combats pretty basic. 5 abilities with an ""Ult"". You don't need some fancy mouse or macros to beat other people in PVP. You can have two weapon sets that you can constantly switch between, but you don't need that to face stomp.PVP is really fun. Some of the servers leave much to be desired, but the variety of what you can do is endless. The PVP area is quite massive (typical of an Elder Scrolls game) where you can either go blow up enemy factions' castles or you can quest. The Imperial City ( you need the Imperial Edition for this) is a vastly small battle arena. Its both cool and terrifying.Questing is straight up hit and miss. I like the Aldmeri Dominion line, Daggerfall was OK. The DLCs have really good stories. World quests are just hit and miss. It feels like they started with the intention of having unique stories all over the place but reverted to using the same formulas over and over. No different from WoW I suppose.Some people will tell you the subscriptions a waste of cash, but if you really can afford it, go for it. Its got some pretty nice perks to it like access to ALL the DLCs and soon you will have some extra customization tools. The EXP boost is nice and the monthly in game store cash is cool too. But the biggest is double bank space and a bottomless crafting bag.The DLCs in this game barely are worth the $15-$20 they charge for you. They're a good filler if you have nothing better to do.. Orsinium was pretty good. Thieves guild was boring, but has Maw of Lorkhaj, Dark brotherhoods good, Shadow of the hist is aids. Morrowind is ok.Everything is scaled to your level, so you can go wherever you want, there isn't too much that's impossible to do at low level.The main sort of collection/farming part of this game is dyes. You can dye your gear with dyes you've collected from achievements. Most of these are easy but time consuming. Others happen by chance, and a few, well, you gotta be Emperor of Tamriel.Crafting is the main source of gear. Getting armor/weapons to the best quality/level is a pain. It will take you quite literally 6 months to a year before you have the skills and levels it takes to make max level armor. Once you're there your friends can mooch off you.Guilds feel useless other than grouping people for PVP/Dungeon parties, There really isn't much to them. They are the only source of an ""Auction house,"" as there isn't one in the regular game. Guild stores are the only way to buy from other players at the moment, which is a drag.Wana be a criminal? Emulate your real life? YOU CAN! You can steal, pick pocket, murder, flee guards etc. Not the best idea, as your bounty racks up quickly and it follows you everywhere. The guards in cities are unkillable, so it will throw a wrench in your ability to travel.-=TL;DR=-1. Combat: Easy, don't need no fancy mouse to MLGPRO someone.2. The PVP: Its amazing. Blowing up castles, with questing on the side.3. The questing: Hit and miss. Guild quests are cool. World quests sometimes are cookie cutter.3. The dungeons: Pretty great. Veteran dungeons are insanely hard. Trials you need to be a big♥♥♥♥♥♥slayer.4. World bosses. I can't solo most of them.5. The classes. Non-restrictive. I can do what I want.6. The crafting. Time consuming. Custom gear set ups and dyes are cool.7. the DLCs: Orsinium was good. Dark Brotherhood was good. Rest are super meh.8. Raiding is life.9. You can do bad things. Kill fools.10. Games fun. Lacks some social stuff. Overall my favorite MMO ever.This game is still rough around the edges. There still are major problems. If I wanted to, I could pick this game apart. It is in no way perfect, but it is unique. It is ideal. It's exactly what I want. As much wrong as there is with it, there is a lot of right.EDIT 2: Updates, I'll keep them coming.EDIT 3: Feel free to rummage through my screenshots. I try to show my friends all the cool stuff I come across.EDIT 4: Made the TLDR more TLDR.EDIT 5: Got rid of EDIT 1. I kiss this games♥♥♥♥♥too much.EDIT 6: As part of an effort to get new players to stick around, I am opening my guild up to those who want guidance. I have many many hours into this game and have accomplished a lot. My IGN name is the same as my steam name.This game really has grown into the best MMO I have ever played. I really hope that people will slowly understand what it is and play it."
,Recommended,306130,32825411,Posted: 26 June,all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"10/10 - In 2017 I Officially Immigrated to Tamerial. 3700 Hours Later... Here Are My Thoughts...(added addon list 6/29 by request! enjoy! See Below)I've played this game a bit. 3700 hours and I have only completed the base game and some of the major achievements! There is still a plethora to do, see and achieve. More is frequently coming too! The developers release expansions and DLC a few times a year. They also listen to what people are saying. It's glorious.-- Why It's Different? --I've played Warcraft, Star Trek, Rift and countless other MMORPGs... so what makes this one different? Quite a bit! This includes: amazing lore and quests that will really keep you interested. It's not always kill X creatures either! The voice acting is great! Tuvok from Star Trek, one of the South Park guys and a host of other all-star actors.The game costs money but you never have to pay after that. I think you will want to though if you start to get into the game. Going premium will give you access to 5-6 dlc and counting and most importantly the ""crafting bag"". This is basically an unlimited spot for resources. I no longer even need to purchase the monthly since I have so many slots , bank spaces and after a few thousand hours I sleep on money.Most impressively they released ""One Tamerial"" which allows players to play in any area or zone regardless of the character level. It's amazing and I couldn't go back to playing by the zone. You could make a character and play with me right away. Wonderful.-- Recent Negative --With the last update they allow you to purchase ""research upgrades"" which will speed along crafting different sets. It's not so much a P2W feature but it's one of the few sold items that let you cut time and get the upper edge. Previously if you were diligent you could research all traits in about 80 days! Now you can circumvent that for some cash. Other skep items include: Mount upgrades and personal bankers that follow you around. This doesn't make you better but definitely is an advantage.-- Tips To Maximize Your Fun --1) Join a Trade Guild. You will meet nice, experienced players that will be willing to help you learn. It's also the ONLY way to sell your goods since there is no Auction House. Money will flow at this point and the game will be more fun.2) Don't purchase crowns. Alot of the stuff they have is just cosmetic, but if you play everything you will achieve lots of free overrides. Also, becoming a premium member gives you 1500 free crowns each month which you can use for that stuff.3) START OUT with addons. I use 15-25 at any time. These include mini-map, store pricing, interface and more. I have seen tons of people quit fast not knowing about these. The game is awesome but on a bare-bones front, some amazing features and polish come from the player created addons.Addon List - The Basics1) Advanced AUI 2.41- Cleans up everything, Adds spell bars, MINIMAP2) Awesome Guild Store - Makes finding and selling a snap! Reg store is meh.3) Destinations - Shows all the locations on the map black; once you complete quest white.4) ESO Master Receipe- Tracks all recipes. Dang near 1000+ both food and furniture5) Furniture Preview- What the item looks like via print and in store.6) Harvest Map - Tracks all resources, chests, troves etc. -- Sucks up resources.7) Go Home 4.3 - Manage multiple houses -8) Lore Books - Thousands of lore books to find. Skill and just story9) Master Merchant - Trade addon. Best. - This addon gives you data ONLY from the 1-5 trade guilds you are in. It just shows proven SALES. As opposed to ttc which shows listings.10) Tamerial Trade Center- Another trade addon to be used in concert with MM^ this shows ALL LISTINGS around tamerial. Great for finding items and getting price info. Less accurate and more easily skewed though.11) Pchat- Makes the chat section 1000% better. Custom12) Skyshards- 3x =1 skill point and there are almost 400 hiding around Tamerial.13) Research Assisistant- Helps manage the hundreds of armour traits to research.14) Votans Improved Quests - Self Explanitory15) Votans Fish Fillet - Adds automatic fillet of fish instead of click, click, click16) Votans Fisherman - Logs all fishing holes, which fish caught - Must for a Master Angler!Overall, It's really really good. Worth the full price if you enjoy a superior MMO.Accidently ReviewedHundreds of Reviews, Thousands of Members and FREE games for you! No Strings attached. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!  [Comeback Tour 2017 - 7]Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Recommended,306130,16900347,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,WowAFreeBeer,"At the time of writing this I am roughly around 180 hours in the game.When I first got into Elder Scrolls it was with Skyrim. Playing only that and none of the other previous games I was blown away with how detailed that game was. When I heard that a MMORPG was made with the same title I was very enthusastic. When I got Elder Scrolls Online, I was told it would not be ""Skyrim Online"", and to an extent, those whom mentioned it were correct. However my thoughts and feelings on that statement have changed quite a bit.After playing for as long as I have, which in comparison to many others, I have found this to be right at home with my previous experience with Skyrim. I absolutley love this game. I feel that it is totally worth the $60 price tag and I invite other open minded players to give this game a shot. There are many differences from the Single Player version of Elder Scrolls but all of the reasons I loved Skyrim are placed in this game.The ability to customize my character in any way I see fit, the endless caves, areas and places of interest to see. Fully voiced NPC's and endless hours of lore and other content for players to experience. Not to mention that NPC's reconize your heroic feats as you walk by them, often singing your praises and sometimes even questioning some of your actions that you have made in the game. In fact, there are many circumstances where I have had to make a tough decision and have spent much time dwelling after the fact if I made the right call. Should I have helped fight at the docks or was defending the fort the better call? The result might be the same but the fact that I even had to contemplate the lives of fictional NPC's that I would never meet again shows how enriching the plot can be.The  PvP in my opinion is very hard, but very fun. I die often, but its not frustrating. Being able to team togeather with random strangers, plan an attack and take a fort seems like it would be difficult to do but everyone is on board and ready to play the game. They want to succeed as much as you and I found the community helpful and enriching, not to mention being able to use seige weapons is so much fun and adds a level of excitment I didn't realize was part of the game.In the non PvP side, I found most players to be felpful, friendly and very outgoing. I found a guild almost right away and in that guild was open minded Veteren players who wanted to help grow and encourage newer players. Often investing a lot of time and energy explaining various parts of the game such as Armor, Weapons, Skill's, ect. Even non guild members and complete strangers are often pretty nice. I can recall looking for a Werewolf Bite and after a few bad players asking me for a ton of gold and crafting materials in order to give me a bite, one player simple messaged me and say ""don't pay them anything, I will give it to you for free."" Not only that but he also gave me tips on how to complete the Werewolf single player quest.I plan on sticking with this MMORPG for a very long time. Its fun, its first person, its 3rd person and its live action. It has its faults, all games do, but if you can take things with an open mind and a grain of salt you will find much love for this awesome game. It wont ever be ""Skyrim Online"" but in many ways I really feel it is. A great story, great community of players, a big wide open world to explore with choices that are unique to your character. Seems pretty close in my opinion."
,Recommended,306130,23563251,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Havoc,"1. Lock-picked a house2. NPC complained of trespassing3. Saw a Khajit assassinate said NPC4. Khajit: ""You just witnessed a murder. You saw nothing.""10/10 would witness murder again."
76561198007371826,Recommended,306130,23746820,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ZugZug,I will short review.Game bad launch.Now better.Buy if sale.Me no regrets!
,Recommended,306130,17249010,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Snow,"I played Morrowind. Daggerfall. Oblivion. Skyrim.I played Guild Wars 2, Rift, WoW, Tera, Neverwinter.This is not Skyrim.This is not your typical MMO.Nontheless, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.The game has this Elder Scrolls vibe, you know; yet it is not the game we know, the game we are used to. It is new, refreshing, different, but yet so beautiful and familiar that you play and keep on doing so. You can buy some stuff with real money, yes, but costumes do not make you any more skilled, so the game is not pay2win."
,Recommended,306130,16021599,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Bronze Key,"I only regret about 4 hours of this game.  The other 1,230 were great."
76561198005137924,Recommended,306130,26210267,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Hevoc,"I have played this game quite some bit.  I recently decided to knock it down to one night a week. Getting burned out.  ALl in all, I feel this is the best MMO out.First the pros:  Big world, fights are fast paced and veteran level content is unforgiving for those who like to not dodge mechanics.  The graphics are beautiful for it's age.   Community as a whole is great.  Most people are very very helpful and nice (although getting them to talk with a mic is like asking them to swallow glass!).  The population of the community feels great after 1 tam came out.Now the cons.  There are a ton of bugs in the game.  None that are game breaking, but they do get annoying.  Customer service is a joke.  Bad class balancing.  Used to be magic based characters were overpowered.  Now it is the stamina based versions of the same classes.  The downfall is all the stam based characters feel VERY generic and lack uniqueness (literally 80% of stam based skills are the same across classes).  The magic based characters feel much more unique in their abilities, but their performance took a big hit after Dark Brotherhood (you can play them, but there is a noticable difference).  When it comes to loot, it literally are running the same content over and over and over and over hoping your piece drops with the right configuration on it.  The content for me, got old quick after clearing vet material.  You are basically reduced to a chimp pulling a lever 500 times for a piece of candy.  Some people really like the PVP, but it wasnt for me.Hopefully this helps you decide if it is right for you.  If you like MMOs, and dont expect Skyrim!, check it out.  I think you will pleasantly surprised until the you eventually get bored.  That will take awhile though!"
,Recommended,306130,14955621,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Lock,"A highly realistic game. Spawned as a half naked man in the starting dungeon. Want to get the tutorial over with as soon as possible, so I rush through it and don't open any chests . Five minutes later I get to the first city as a half naked man without any clothes. Other players stop to look at me. They shake their roleplaying heads. They throw money at me. ""Buy some clothes!"".  I start dancing. They throw more money at me. More roleplaying fanatics come over. They clap for me. I continue dancing. Even more money is being thrown. I am Lockmort, naked beggar master of dance, just like in real life. 11/10."
,Recommended,306130,15677318,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Proxy,"Your expectation of The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited™ should first and foremost be that of an MMO, not an Elder Scrolls game. While the game does have the lore and basic 'dumbed down' aesthetic of The Elder Scrolls it lacks the atmosphere. What I mean is it does not draw you into the lore and entice you as does it's single player cousins. Rather, you find yourself mindlessly fighting through zone to zone, quest to quest, dungeon to dungeon with no genuine interest in its lore or atmosphere. This is a hugely common trait to an MMO and not something the Elder Scrolls is known for bringing.That being said it's by no means a bad game or MMO. In fact, it's outstanding. The combat loosely resembles The Elder Scrolls and has a fairly decent spectrum of play styles between the classes. PVP in ESO is a breath of fresh air but can soon become stale and has a hugely disadvantages experience curve in the start.To summarize, you'll find yourself trying to delve in and love this game as you would the world of The Elder Scrolls. However, you should not add this to your library simple because it wears The Elders Scrolls 'cloak' as you may be disappointed. As an MMO, it's fantastic and fairly unboring but does leave much to be desired despite its large amount of content.If you are looking for a good MMO that wears The Elder Scrolls aesthetic and features a few new treats to the MMO scene then this may be the game for you. If you are looking for a multiplayer skyrim then you will be sorely disappointed.7.5/10"
,Recommended,306130,29436042,Posted: 22 January,all,Caleb Hab,"The game may have been trash when it launched, but thanks to countless updates and complete combat reworking, ESO is one of the best MMOs on the market right now. Not to mention it is a ton of fun. The only drawback is doing quests in a group can be a bit tricky."
,Recommended,306130,15817550,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Nasi_Kucing,"first, please pardon me for the grammar errorsecond, i played this game about 40+ hours now, and just only get lvl 20, so i don't really have any experience with the  end-game content yet, but i'll talk about negative and positive side of this game that i experience through out my journeypositive side :1. storyline and storytelling systemfor an MMORPG, this game got really good storyline, zenimax not only concentrate on the main-quest storyline, but also on the side quest, about 90% of the side quest i've done got really great dialogue and very interesting story, most of them always revolve around TES series lore, which is really interesting by itselfand so far 100% of all quest i done are voice acted, it adding the immersive-ness of the game, and help the player with ""tl;dr"" problem2.Quest systemas i said, questing here really fun, not feels much like a chore because of the story they offerand also this game give you multiple choice in some side quest, which will effect you gameplay and the outcome of the quest, its quite rare to find this kind of feature in other MMO3.Job Systemyou practically can be whatever you want, wanna be a tank-mage? you can, or a warmage?, you can of course, every job can access all weapons and armor, so you can customize your character whatever you want what will suit your gameplay4.Skill Systemif you ever played GW2, skill system here rather similar BUT much more interesting and complex, because you got a lot of skill to upgrade, and you can choose whatever skill you want, theres your basic job skills, racial skills, world skills, weapon skills etc, and when 1 skill already achieve max level, some of them you can transform it into much more powerfull version of it, create your own skill combo5.World Designindeed probably the world design not as detail/as beautifull like other MMORPG especially P2P MMORPG like FF14, but it fit the theme really well, theres variations in each area and faction which fit the lore and add make the game much more immersive, i find my self waste hourse just for exploring the world :))6.Gameplaywell imagine skyrim/TES series with classic MMORPG skill, thats practically what you get, it's fun, at first probably need a little bit adaptation, but when you get hang of it, its fun even though probably not as fast paced as you imagine, but TES series never been a fast paced action RPG genre7. Economy systemnow, this part that i really like, there is no public auction whatsoever, you can trade/get some kind of auction, but only through a guild, thus in this game you could join up to 5 guildswith this system, you can cross trading between guilds, looking for best price to buy and sell on each region, really reminds me of XIAN online type of economy, dynamic controlled by playernow, let switch to the negative side of the game :1. the soundtrackIMHO, theres no single memorable soundtrack in this game, in FF14 i always remember which soundtrack belong to which area, but here....every music feels the same, theres like no identity at all for each music.2. the character creationthe character creation too shallow imho, theres no clear different between each slide bar for every part of the character body, thus i can't made the character i really want even though i waste 30-50 minutes creating ittl;dr -> The Elder Scrolls Online : It sucks no more, highly reccomended for everyone :)"
,Recommended,306130,23382835,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,EstrangedCummies,"The Elder Scrolls Online isn't your typical Elder Scrolls game, if you're coming into this expecting another Skyrim then you're coming into this for the wrong reason. This game isn't a Single Player RPG, but it's not Quite an MMO either. Zenimax Online Studios and Bethesda have created a game that's it's own. This game's combined the much loved Bethesda RPG Formula and your standard MMO to create a hybid that accomplishes what it's set out to do.The Elder Scrolls Online or ""ESO"" takes place all over Tamriel, the large continant that the entire Elder Scrolls Series takes place. ESO will take you places in Tamriel that you've always wanted to go, including revisiting places you've already been. For the Morrowind fans you can revist your harsh ashlands, and for the Oblivion fans Cyrodill is yours to explore (granted you can survive the bloody PVP battles.) If you've just played Skyrim that's fine too, parts of Skyrim are explorable, this includes major holds Riften and Windhelm.Dispite being set two eras before Skyrim our races are still here. However they all stand divided into three factions. Depending on your choice of Faction differant races will be playable and by extension entirely differant parts of the world. For the fans of the world of The Elder Scrolls this game allows you to see it all, you can visit the Orcish tribes in Highrock, the magical island of Auridon, dry deserts by the border of Elsweyr, and so many more environments. For those who love the story and lore of the Series this game has HEAPS. Based before the rise of Tiber Septim there is so much story for you! Each Alliance has it's own seperate stories and questlines each one adding to the series lore. Dispite some claims, yes this game is Canon and it does make sense (trust me).There's so much to say about this game! I haven't talked about the amazing PVP and PVE, the abilties! Or even the fantastic DLCs that are done perfectly! Zenimax Online Studios has had this game developing alongside Skyrim back pre-2011, and so much love has been put into this game, and it just get's better and better every update. This immersive game has a great story, with every NPC in the game voice acted too! The world design is breathtaking and the amount of fun you can have is multiplied when playing with friends. That doesn't mean you can't play solo though, as this game understands that solo players are prominant especially in a series like this. A variety of Solo dungeons and a main story that's almost entirely Single Player exist too! ESO knows just what to do to help you have a fun and immersive experience that's got so much nostalia without alienating new fans.Bethesda better have their Soul Gems because if you come into ESO with an open mind you'll be pleasently surprised. This game is fun from the start and gets better and better as you level up. I recommend this game 100%"
,Recommended,306130,25799548,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,mustia,Played around 1000 hours on only 1 character and I can't say I've done all the content. It's a very big game
,Recommended,306130,23317792,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Doggowar,I dont like MMOs but I ruined two semesters because of this game
,Recommended,306130,29657609,Posted: 2 February,all,Zero,I love this game now. Back when in beta it was pretty boring I wont lie. After a few updates I strongly recommend this game to those who are looking for a new mmo and happen to love The Elder Scrolls as well. I'v always stayed away from subscription based MMO's and this has become the first mmo iv paid a subscription for even though its not required. I hope people see his review as this discloser is very important:DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE VERIFY THE INTERGRITY THROUGH STEAM!!! DO IT THROUGH THE LAUNCHER OR YOU WILL DOWNLOAD THE ENTIRE GAME AGAIN!! you have been warned.
76561197990975491,Recommended,306130,14137321,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Zeffenn,"Great game, tons of stuff to do. Buy it after they drop the subscription fee in march 2015."
76561198049104107,Recommended,306130,18331853,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Andrea Mello,-A girl asks me to talk to her dead boyfriend ghost-The ghost boyfriend tells me that he never loved her-I tell her the truth-She runs away-A few minutes later I found her ghost crying10/10 Best game ever
,Recommended,306130,14961789,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Gawdfather,Don't believe the Anti-Hype.Elder Scrolls Online: It doesn't suck anymore.
,Recommended,306130,16093512,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Suryp,"Extremely fun game.PROS:+ Great Quests+ Great Economy+ Amazing Crafting System+ Good leveling pace+ Great Graphics+ Tons of Character Variety+ Every NPC is voice acted+ Solo and Group content+ Giant Map+ No SubscriptionCONS:- Sometimes quests arent dense enough in an area- Wood Elves have really wierd accents- Lots of horse riding in Cyrodiil- Half of Aldmeri's quests go like> help us fight this bad guy group> bad guys be like oh wait we're actually the good guys they're liars> nice plot twist huhOverall I'd say its an 8/10 game, this coming from a guy who LOVES The Elder Scrolls Series.Hit me up in game, my username is Bloodissyrup, and i play aldmeri"
76561198030176685,Not Recommended,306130,11317610,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Kaustek,"Going to be clear and concise, this is not the typical Elder Scrolls game that you are probably expecting.It's different.It has the same feel and tone, but it lacks in immersion.The gameplay is bland, the characters are forgettable, the graphics are decent.It's your typical MMO.I really want to enjoy this game though.I've played thousands of hours on the ES series and ESo somewhat fixes what has been lacking. However, it has forgotten what made Elder Scrolls what it is."
76561198115713313,Recommended,306130,22965919,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,The White Pride Piper,Some people call this junk. Me? I call it treasure.
,Recommended,306130,30479337,Posted: 12 March,all,Eric,"FOR NEW PLAYERS TO THE GAME: this review is for you, as it is my experience from being a completely new player with no idea what is going on.  Bullet points of review after intial intro, to keep things short and sweet for those looking to buy.After being a WoW veteran since beta and playing various other MMOs (FFXIV, SWTOR, EQ, EQ2, etc.), I wanted to test this game out after it had the initial terrible reviews and then the ravingly good reviews after the rework patches.  I also was playing a LOT of skyrim special edition and wanted to expand upon that universe.THIS GAME is decent.  For a new player it is immensely confusing, the world is not very linear to begin with and I really had no idea what I was doing when I made my initial character.  The tutorial and messages for new players as they play the game are lengthy, but not much time is given to read them.  Since the world is ""do whatever you want and play"", it sucks for new people since there, of course, is a best and worst of what you can do in certain situations.That being said, this game is NOT skyrim.  You can't get away with wearing leather armor as a caster, as it really provides no benefit.BULLETS:- Extremely confusing to start, as the game has SO MUCH depth- Alliance doesn't really matter (from what I can tell), but there are WAY more people on Aldmeri Dominion- The combat system is awesome, but takes some getting used to (active combat, blocking, interrupting, etc.)~MUCH better combat than other games where you just press the buttons to do the dmg- Racial aspects DO MATTER A LOT.  It will effect your end-game if you want to be an elitist- The only thing you can't ""reset"" is your class, so choose wisely at the start for class-specific abilities and passives- You are NOT LIMITED by your class, as weapons dictate abilities (i.e. resto staff = you can heal as any class)- Addons are slightly more annoying to use and there is a specific amount of memory given to them, which is a bad thing.- Crafting is rather interactive and much better than other games, however without an ESO PLUS membership it sucks.- ESO PLUS membership is almost NEEDED due to the crafting bag and general access.  ALMOST- CROWN STORE is NOT worth it AT ALL.  Items are WAY overpriced.  Excessively so.  Watch youtube for crown purchases~Crown crates are random loots and can contain stupid stuff such as potions and general worthlessness- FORUM accounts are SEPARATE from regular accounts, when you buy the game pay attention to an email for them- Armor shown at character creation doesn't matter, you can get a style motif in the game to make the other races' armor- You have two skill bars (one being gained at level 15) so you can swap between two weapons if you want- Side quests are sometimes hard to find, there are addons that can help you.- There are damage meters for this game (Addons)- I am still confused for a lot of the UI (isn't just social, guild, inventory, character tabs - much much more).- breaking items apart at crafting stations is often better than selling them, be sure to check the attributes of the itemAll that being said, I recommend this game on the FREE-TO-PLAY version, but I HIGHLY RECOMMEND you watch youtube videos for beginners BEFORE purchasing.I DO NOT RECOMMEND the CROWN STORE, many things on there are already available to you and you can be literally throwing your money away.  IGNORE that entire aspect unless buying UPGRADES or DLC (like imperial race upgrade)Play around with character creation, class testing, crafting, and weapon interaction before seriously committing to anything.NOTE: If you get a sub, you get 1500 crowns per month you sub.  ESO plus of 3 months can provide you with the DLC and upgrades you may want and be cheaper/more beneficial than straight purchasing crowns."
76561198032454711,Not Recommended,306130,30560178,Posted: 16 March,all,Stormahawk,"The nickel and diming of Elder Scrolls Online would put most free-to-play Korean MMOs to shame.I've played this game for 1326 hours over two years (Steam doesn't show since ESO has its own launcher.) In the last few months, Elder Scrolls Online shifted focus from adding content to draw in new players and improve upon the experience, to adding content for the sake of purely monetizing it.There are many examples of how the focus on purely monetizing in this PAY-TO-PLAY MMO has gotten out of hand, but here are the top ones:The Homestead update which added player housing is designed so that acquiring a house and furniture is extremely inconvenient to entice players to spend $100+ on a furnished house for the convenience.The most recent house added to the game can ONLY be purchased with real money for $100 to $120 USD,depending on whether it’s purchased with or without furniture.Morrowind, the “expansion” that adds one zone goes for $40 for standard upgrade to $100 for a Collector’s Edition. It includes a new playable class, the Warden. However, there is no new character slot to accommodate the new class. Instead two character slots will be purchasable for $15 EACH. That’s right, ZOS is making players pay an additional $15 on top of the $40 or $100 spent in order to play the new class added in Morrowind.Having a new extra character slot when a new class is added in a paid expansion is standard practice in all the other MMOs.A mount added to the store for 3 days in December went for about $40 USD.The addition of Crown Crates, which are gamble boxes, when opened can give a costume, pet, or in almost all cases, just pure consumable junk. A pack of 15 such boxes goes for $40.00 USD, and recent player reports suggest that they are rigged to give worthless consumable experience scrolls over costumes/pets/mounts for the rarer reward tiers.A HAIRSTYLE added to the game for 3 days went for $20 USD.Meanwhile bots run rampant in the game, some camping in obvious areas called dolmens to the point that they are causing lag due to their sheer numbers. Others farm materials and mobs, crashing prices of crafting materials. Nothing has been done about them for months.A year ago, the game was at its best when new zones and content were added that subscribers ($15/month) could access. It was a time when it did not feel necessary to spend hundreds of dollars to fully experience the game like Homestead did.A year ago, the Crown Store had cosmetic purchases that could be made with real money without the astronomical prices like it does now, and it actually felt like a fun extra to the game.Now, the development of the game feels purely focused on adding the next $100 item to the Crown Store rather than on actual game content.Until ZOS (the developers) shift their focus back to the game itself and stop treating players like bags of meat with wallets, I cannot recommend this game."
,Recommended,306130,26475119,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Tomoe,"Played it with all the four classes, doing all those quests, still love it.Huge content for a base game mmo (Gold Edition).-includes worthwhile reading and listening to dialogues.-reading the lorebooks-killing daedras and alliance skirmishes-audio is good to your ears-stealing stuff to earn gold-trial runs are worthwhile-Casual friendly-ERP/RP friendly-economy is base solely on the community-RNG is not good sometimes, no token system? sure!-NOT A PAY TO WIN, grind to win though.-We need more Bard musics though.2017 will be a blast indeed, can't wait for PvP content now.9/10Worth a buy!"
76561198097528994,Recommended,306130,14935895,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Irish,"I am quite happy with this game and my purchase so far. I'd suggest this game to almost anyone and I know I have a lot more to play and do.For now my review is going to focus on the 'mixed' user review. If you spend the time to review the negative reviews you'll find a common theme. 'Boring' and 'massive download'.The download file is indeed massive, it's a large game. The updates are big, the game is big, even patches seem to be fairly large. So come into the game with the expectation you're going to spend a bit downloading before you can play. This should rule out about 50% of the negative reviews.The other 30% of negative reviews come from a general theme of 'boring mmo'. As we all know, or at least should know, a lot of time and effort goes into the ambience of the Elder Scroll games. The small side stories, the heart, the emotion around the play. The entire game is like a massive novel, there is some reading to be done and a lot of voices to listen to. I would strongly suggest that for those of us who want to get involved with a great story and fantastic lore, play this game.If you're looking to rush and skip all dialog and just run between point to point to grind missions of course it's going to be boring. You're purposely skipping the content just to level up. Don't do that, then say the game was boring because you purposely made it boring.The reviews for graphics, gameplay, physics, etc are all great. The game feels like Skyrim and the other ES games and in my opinion does a great job of bringing it online.In short don't let the 'mixed' reviews fool you. The true reviews are the positive ones. Most negative reviews focus only on the file size and how grinding is boring. Don't let those fool you."
76561197961276694,Recommended,306130,34539622,Posted: 27 August,all,Krypton,"Was on my way to complete a quest, got held up by a dog barking at me.I followed the dog and found a note containing a list of groceries. After investigating the note, I uncovered a plot to assassinate a king, and saved him.10/10 would follow dogs again."
,Recommended,306130,17623997,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,InuKaT,I must've bought The Elder Scrolls Online: Gamestop Edition by accident because the merchants in this game will buy your weapons for like 10 gold each even if they're selling the same weapon for over 500 gold.
,Recommended,306130,22909293,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Xylak,"Do you like Skyrim? Do you wish it was multiplayer? Then don't get this game because it isn't Skyrim with multiplayer. It is an MMO plain and simple, with an Elder Scrolls skin on it. It's fun, don't get me wrong, and some of the lore is... relatively interesting if you like that sort of thing. But many people come to it thinking it'll be different than the reality. All in all it's pretty fun, not enough to hold my interest for too terribly long even with playing with 2 friends, but interesting nonetheless. You can spend hundreds of hours and get enjoyment, or a couple dozen and feel done with it. It is by no means fantastic and I'm sure there are free to play MMO's that are better, but it's passable especially since it's no longer subscription based. If it was free as well, it would be perfectly fine by me, and probably be scored way higher in general but sadly Bethesda doesn't seem keen on the idea of making it completely free. But who knows. Decently hard too, as the final available dungeon in the first area still kicks my♥♥♥♥♥ and I'm able to go to whole other regions with double the enemy level."
,Recommended,306130,23048357,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Shy Boy,"A couple of weeks ago, I played a group quest by myself for 1 hour and got rekt. Came back with a group of people I didn't know. Finished the entire quest in 2 hours, had fun, socialized with them, and now each one of them has been by my side ever since that quest. 10/10 what a helpful community.Update: I simply asked a stranger how he became a vampire, instead, he bit me & walked me through the entire vampire quest line. 11/10 would ask the next person how he became a werewolf."
76561198032862353,Recommended,306130,12888012,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dementhor,"Lets get this out of the way, it is not Skyrim Online! Most of these bad reviews on steam seem to be from people expecting to be Skyrim over the internet. Yes, the lore is the same and it takes place im Tamriel but its unfair to compare a MMORPG to a standalone game.Elder Scrolls Online is a breath of fresh air in the MMO scene, it breaks the convencional class stereotypes of most MMOs. Yes, there is 4 classes to choose from but those are just templates, any class can use any weapon or be a tank, a healer, a dps or whatever kind of class you can think of (with certain limitations). You level up the weapon/armour/skill ability by using it but you are not restricted. Dont like that massive 2 handed axe you started with? Change to a destruction staff. You like the axe after all? No problem, go back to using it.Storylines are really well done, main quest is amazingly good and the side quests can be more interesting than the main plot at times, im one of those persons who has little patience to follow all the plots and i find myself actually listening (yes, npcs are voice acted) to the story plots. Quests are the usual for a MMO, yet theres very few quests that tell you ""Kill 10 of these, collect 5 of those"", altough you end up doing that anyway in most cases, it is not the quest objective itself, so you dont feel like youre ""grinding"".One little detail i like about ESO is that other people cant ""steal"" your quest objectives most of the time everyone sees their own stuff, with some exceptions. For exploration addicts like myself, ESO maintains what Skyrim did, hidden quests, lore objects, hidden books and skyshards to look for.Group content is fairly good, ranging from world bosses, dolmens and the usual dungeons. Veteran dungeons can be really challenging and require team work and actual tactics contrary to some other MMOs. Its a shame they didnt made a better use of group tool as from my experience seems most people are either not aware it exists or simply dont use it.So yes, its not Skyrim Online and it will never be, if you decide to play ESO thinking it is ,then you better save your money but if you look at it as a MMORPG and, like me, played and got bored of the usual standard type MMOs, then you might be pleasantly surprised.UPDATE: Not only ESO is subscription free since the 17th March it also has two new systems, Justice and Champion System. Justice its the start of which i hope will be the coming of Thieves Guild and Dark Brotherhood, cause it allows players to steal, pickpocket and murder NPCs, still needs some minor improvements but it can be really fun.As for Champion system its a whole new sets of passive skills basically increasing even more the possibilities on creating all different kinds of builds/classes, altough i hope they remove some useless passives and replace others in the future and for someone that completed all the quests only way to win Champions points,for now, its just brainless grinding of mobs,group content and not much else.Finally the new Crown store that came with the drop of subscriptions sells pets, mounts, cosmetics and consumables, so far nothing that allows players to have advantage over others."
,Recommended,306130,19971999,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tom,"The Elder Scrolls Online is part of the ever popular Elder Scrolls franchise; this is the first multiplayer instalment however. The game was released on PC in April 2014. The game got rid of the subscription to play in March of 2015; however a full purchase of the game is still required for account activation.The game is set in Tamriel, much like the other games, but you are able to traverse many more different locations compared to the previous game's one location model. The game play in this game is quite similar to the other games in the series, in that you can play in either first person or third person camera, and everything is largely nonlinear. The game throws in a good mixture of quests, events and of course, exploration.  You are able to play as a number of difference racers, some of which I have not seen before in the Elder Scrolls series, so it’s nice to see more variety here. Along with four different classes to select, Templar, Dragonknight, Sourcer, and Nightblade.  The combat in TESO is similar to that of World of Warcraft, you have a set number of action bars available, and you mash the button you want to use, there is of course an optimum rotation your character should be using rather than just rolling your face across the keyboard though. I much preferred this combat system to what of Oblivion even though it may come across as simplified.Whilst the game is an MMO, I have to say I only really played it as a single player experience. You will occasionally run into the odd other real player when you are out in the world, but there is no real need to interact with them. Each time you level up in game, you are given points to spend in three main stats, health, magicka and stamina – along with a skill point. These skill points can be spent on new abilities for your class, a different weapon set, your race and even any guilds that you are a part of. This allows you to mould your character to exactly how you want it to be. I went with a rogue type character that snuck in and killed enemies before they had a chance to realise I was even in the room, but there are plenty of other play styles.Since this is an online game, the graphics are going to be a little watered down, but the game still looks really good, comparing it to an unmodded Skyrim, it is actually on par with its style if you ask me. I was playing with everything maxed out and on 4k resolution, but even so, it looked gorgeous. Some of the environments you are in look so flush and vibrant with wild life. If you are playing on a less powerful computer though, you will find a huge amount of graphical options that will allow you to lower the settings to get the game to run – this does make the game look very poor though, it isn’t a very well optimized game sadly.The story in Elder Scrolls Online is something which really hooked me straight away. I learnt more about the lore of Elder Scrolls in this game than all of the others combined. The plot is indirectly linked to the other games, and takes place a thousand years before the events of Skyrim, and 800 years before Morrowind and Oblivion.  There is a huge amount of lore to be found in the game, whether it be a quest, or a book, or a random event, there is plenty to learn about if you are interested in the lore of Elder Scrolls.This game has some fantastic voice acting in. Every single NPC that you need to talk to for a quest is fully voice acted and is done to an extremely high quality level. I was expecting having to read a lot from my past experience with MMO games, but I was pleasantly surprised that I could sit back and enjoy the dialog between the NPCs. This may have been why I took so much more information in than previous games in the series.The locations and zones that you will find in Elder Scrolls Online are ginormous. One of the very first zones you visit is one of the biggest I have seen in a game. It takes you a good 15 minutes of just walking to go from one side to the other. A lot of it does tend to be emptiness with the odd random enemy sadly though. The towns seem to be a hive of activity from either other players or NPCs so it gives you a sense of not being alone in the huge world.  There is one main quest which you will follow throughout the course of the game, but in good RPG style, the meat and bones comes from the side quests. Each line of quests has its own backstory, a problem you have to solve, and then a resolution which will sometimes result in you having to make a decision and then you will be given a reward, and in most cases this will be equipment. Whilst most of the quests in the game can be considered repetitive, I didn’t really feel as if I was completing the same one over and over again – because I was so immersed in the story, I wasn’t just going to kill X amount of bandits, I was aiding the nearby village from future attacks, so on and so on.  Some of the quests can be hard to locate the quest giver, but as you get close to an NPC that will offer you a quest, you will get a marker on your map.I have been playing The Elder Scrolls Online for almost twenty hours, and I am only level 15 with my character. The max level for any character is 50, meaning there is a boat load of content in this game and I am by no means getting bored at all. I can see there being a large amount of replay ability too. Creating a different character with a different play style will no doubt give you another 200 hours of content after you finish your first. You also have the end game content as well, such as veteran dungeons, crafting, and of course, PVP.Technically, The Elder Scrolls Online is technically sound. I had no issues with bugs, crashing or glitches. Everything is working as intended with no problems. Obviously you are going to need a stable internet connection to be able to play properly; but with the large amount of settings to configure, you should be able to get the game to run on almost anything. I would like to have seen a field of view option, but maybe I am asking too much there. The game also has capabilities of using add-ons, I didn’t find a need to use any, but should you require some, you can use the Curse client to manage and install them all for you without any issues.In summary, if you play this game as a single player experience, or maybe even hook up with a friend to play through, you will get a huge amount of enjoyment out of it. If you go in expecting it to be a bustling MMORPG game, you will be servery disappointed.  I am having an awesome time playing and I am thoroughly enjoying every moment of my experience in The Elder Scrolls Online.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/Please also check out Completing the Backlog's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!http://store.steampowered.com/app/306130"
76561198102702925,Recommended,306130,23209374,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,BruteJustice,"The first week aber I buyed this game everyone,realy EVERYONE asked me how it is.I couldn't give them a good critique, now I can.After I reached the veteranranks and played some PvP in Cyrodiil I think I can give a decent review about this game.The Game:The Elder Scrolls Online is a MMORPG based on the Popular RPG series.Like in every Elder Scrolls you first decide your race and create a character. The creator is good and you have many options.Now comes my first -, because of the story of this game you can only choose a race to a specific faction.For example, Orcs can only be created if you want to play for the Daggerfall alliance.It is possible to remove this barrier, but I personly don't like this decision.After you created your char, and choose one of 4 classes, you get thrown into the tutorial area, that realy teaches you everything important pretty much like the jail in every Elder Scolls before.After that you get thrown into the world in a starting city.The Gameplay:Unlike most other MMORPG's, ESO has nothing like Block,Parry,Evade chances. No the battle in ESO is active, you will constanstly moving around,use your spells and special moves,humanilate your mouse and try to kill everything in front of you that doesn't like you.The basics of the combat system are Elder Scrolls like, left mouse button weak attack,hold the button for a heavy one, left mouse button is block. Added to this is a evade roll, a push move, that cancels casts and special moves as well as one ultimate move. Spells and special moves are placed in the qucikslot and you have 5 abilitys + one ultimate move.The spells and abilitys reach from buffs,to damage,over tank and crowd controll to AoE buffs and debuffs. Pretty much like in every MMORPG.The only real difference is the world. ESO is build a lot around exploring, you will find a lot quests just by walking around, always find new areas and slice,dice and burn you your way trough the world.There are dungeons for groups and raids like in every MMO, there will always be something to do for your char.The Classes:The character creator offers 4 classes, each class specialised in 3 different areas.Dragonknights for example have 3 skilltrees. You level these trees up, by killing mobs and completing quests, after it ranks up,you can skill new abilitys, make the old ones better,skill passiv buffs and so on.One Skilltree the Dragonknight has is Irdenes Hearth, mainly a support tree with groupbuffs,some healing and some CC,as well some damage and Tank abilitys. The other two trees are a Tank and a DD tree.Now comes the clue, the classes are specialised, but don't have set armor or weaponry.You want to creat a mage in heavy armor with a bow? Just do it! ESO will not say you how you're supposed to play the class. You have 3 trees and it's up to you how you build your character up.In the capital citys of each alliance is it possible to reset all skillpoints for ingame money, the game wants you to experiemente and find your way to play your class effective.So,JUST DO IT!The World:The World is cut into different areas. Each Alliance has 5-7 areas only your alliance can enter. There is it possible to collect ressources,chat with others,look for a group,steal things from NPC's,trade and of course look stupid.The areas are pretty big and full of dungeons,citys and special places to explore.But be aware, there're some Bosses in this areas. They're in their own camps don't worry,but they can be hard to beat alone, but are usualy possible to take on 1vs1. At least I never had problems with them.Other than that so called ""Dolmen"" are spread arcross the world. These things are the Oblivion gates of this game. You kill some kultists,then some Deadra and after that drops Molag Bal elite enemys to finish you. Theses enemys vary from big jokes to ""omg I can't even scratch this guy!"". And it's 100% random what elite mob will spawn, it can be a pushover or a freaking nightmare.After you cleared cold harbor, you can explore the areas of the other alliances. Metaareas, you won't be able to met or see players of other alliances there.As soon you reach level 10 you can acces Cyrodiil. Cyrodiil is a big PvP battlefield,where the alliances fight for every little piece of ground. Or better. Does someone remember the destroyed fortresses in Oblivion? You basicly fight in them years before they were destroyed.The world itself is beautifull and the areas of every alliance are very different, you will also be able to visit areas,you never visisted in a other Elder Scolls before,as well as revisit someone,aka Skyrim.The System:ESO builds on a one buy one game principe. You buy the game, you have it, you don't need to pay money to play it.However,the games adds expension as DLC. You can purchase them in the ingame shop.Outside of the DLC is nothing in the shop you need, a lot of prestige stuff, but nothing important.The basegame however is already huge. Your own alliance + cold harbor = level 50. Thats the max level after the next update,you don't need any DLC's to reach the maxlevel,acces Cyrodiil or raids.However, there 2 DLC's I can just offer everyone. The Starterpack,what allows you to create any race at any alliance and the imperial edition. The imperial edition gives you another race as well as a free horse. It's worth it trust me.Fazit:ESO is a good game, it has a lot charm of the other Elder Scrolls,sometimes I even got nostalgia feelings as I quested in the Dominion.The game looks good, it plays good and thx to the MEGASERVER! you will have all people of your continent on your server,always."
,Recommended,306130,12116116,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,IronmanMK7,"(FOREWARD)Now that i've reached the endgame and spent quite sometime with this game i wanted to leave a review. Most reviews that i've read are from people who either didn't even hit level ten or spent 40 hours thinking they could speed level through the game and found it impossible. Also to really understand this game you have to completely cut it away from the main series games. THIS IS NOT AN ELDER SCROLLS GAME. It is an MMO game with an elder scrolls theme and overtone. Also in the time since launch this game has drastically evolved. a substantial patch is added nearly every month with new content, systems, and fixes.(REVIEW)Graphics- I'll start with the obvious. The graphics in ESO are gorgeous. You can really see the hard work that went into making tamriel a truly breathtaking world. From The snow in Eastmarch and The Swamps in Shadowfen to the A'likr Desert each environment was crafted in a way that makes you want to see whats next for your journey.Game World- While on the subject of the Environments the scope of Tamriel is insane. It is easily one of the largest Game world i have ever seen. Also the difference between zones is quite drastic. Sure you might see similer buildings in the same zone but that is to be expected in a game of this size.Character Creation/Development- The Character creation in ESO is probably the most robust and fluid system i've seen in an mmo to date. You have 3 alliances each with 3 races (And imperial as the tenth for an upgrade fee) and the choice between 4 classes. The thing that sets ESO apart is the fact that these classes are not constarined whatsoever. You Want a Sorcerer with medium armor that wields two swords? go for it. Every class can use any type of armor or weapon the want with out specializing in any. The only constriction your class sets on use is the specific skill line you will use.Skills- Logically the next step is skills. In the game you don't have a typical mmo skill tree. There are an assortment of skill lines  including class, weapon, armor, racial, world, guild, and crafting skills. You literally have hundreds of options for where to invest your skills. some being active hot key skills for combat and others being passives to buff your stats. This system gives you more freedom then any previous mmo i've played.Crafting- As an avid crafter i absolutely love the crafting system. A player is'nt confined to any one profession. I can use my blacksmithing skill to craft my weapons and armor, my woodworking skill to craft my shields, and my enchanting skill to craft runes to enchant my weapons and armor. Also the system is quite robust. You earn experience in your crafting skills by crafting(obviously), Deconstructing(which gives you materials as well), Improving items, and researching(which gives you traits). On weapons and armor you can research about 20 different traits which you can then use in your crafting recipes to recieves buff from increasing attack and defense to adding critical chance or increasing skill line experience.Questing- Questing is one thing most people are uninformed about. Some reviews make it out to be bland basic quests. In fact it is the opposite. Gone are the collect 10 of this for no reason and kill 20 of these because i'm bored quests. Sure some quests have those aspects but every quest has a story. You might be setting up a ritual to stop a nechromancer or finding out who killed a local merchant or helping soldiers take control of a fort. every quest has some reasoning that makes it interesting and makes you want to know what happens. also many quests can completely change whats happening in an area.Economy- This is one point that has really annoyed me. Many people are calling for a public auction house but the fact of the matter is that in a game like this Thats impossible. Eso is not based on servers. There are 2 Mega servers. With the immense population of a mega server an auction house would become bogged down with high level items which would lower the value and in turn ruin the reward of earning top tier gear. The way it is set up with guild stores makes it much more accessable. Also with the last update guild merchants have been added so that you can buy items from other guilds members. most large cities have a handful of guild merchants that will have completely different wares to choose from which helps keep the value of items.Pvp- I am not much of a pvp player so i don't have much sway on it. but from what other players have told me it is better at higher levels and always more fun in a group.Endgame- Now that i have Passed the level cap of 50 and entered the veteran rank system it really adds a lot to the game. After beating your factions story and the main story you are able to play through every quest from the other factions scaled up to your level. The content gets much harder but also much more rewarding. I am Only veteran Rank 1 out of 14 after update 4 released today But i will Update as i move forward.So all in all The Elder Scrolls Online has been a wonderful Journey for me. If you go into it expecting to play skyrim you probably will not enjoy it but if you go into it looking at it as an MMO its a very rewarding experience. PLAY THIS GAME!SCORE- 8/10(p.s. I've played this game for almost 140 hours as of this review. if your going to take anyones word for how the games is don't listen to the guy with under 10 hours. It took me 120 hours to hit level 50. I might be subjective in my review but at least let my experience speak for me and anyone else with substantial time in the game. It gets better every update!)(EDIT)- Seeing as no one is really understanding my meaning i thought i would add to this. When i say its not an elder scrolls game i mean that as in it is completely different then the main series games. It is a new take on the series but it still has all of the original areas, lore, creatures, etc... Giving a game that gave fair warning that it would be completely differentt a bad rap for only the fact that its different isn't right. If its too risque for you because your an elder scrolls fanboy that thinks this game tarnishes their reputation then the easy thing to do is just not play it. Don't tell everyone else that they are wrong in playing it when you won't step out of your comfort zone and try something new. Now enough ranting. PLAY IT. HAVE FUN."
,Recommended,306130,16242061,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,：ا:12O2:ا：,escaped an inter-dimensional prisonspawn at townsee a chikenkill the chikencity guard arrest mehe asked me to pay 17 goldi didn't have enough gold to paysentenced to death10/10 would recommend
76561198030570438,Recommended,306130,26650490,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ringod123,"I love this game, it has me hooked. The game world spans 3/4 of Tamriel (so far, and Cyrodiil is far bigger than in Oblivion) and has its PVE and PVP nicely seperated. All of the 3 factions main quests and most of the guild main quests can be done completely solo, and once you've levelled up some, a lot of the public (non instanced dungeons) stuff can also be done solo. Much bigger story than Skyrim (including all side quests) and each of the 3 factions has their own, so a good 600hrs+ of solo content right there, all of which can be played in first person, with grapics not far behind the new Skyrim remaster.PVE now thanks to the One Tamriel update consists of being able to do ANY of the solo, public or group quests/dungeons with friends from any other faction, at any time, which was not always the case and comes as a very welcome addition to most players. You can explore together, share quests with your group, do delves (mini dungeons), public dungeons (designed for 4 players but solo-able at higher levels), group dungeons (designed for 4 high lvl players) and trials (12 player dungeons).PVP is mainly based on interfaction war between the 3 allainces that takes place in the whole of Cyrodiil, capture the enemies castles and strongholds for your own alliance, allowing a larger fast travel network for you and your teammates around the vast region. Alliances are also always looking to take and control other factions Elder Scrolls, which give buffs to the team that has them. I havn't PVP'ed as much i have PVE'd but i do enjoy both and the option is there to lvl up your chars using either (once you hit lvl 10) or both.There is also a new option for players to duel any other player (that accepts), which allows people to ""safely"" test new equipment/skills before delving straight into faction war, which is pretty neat.The best thing of all is, you can pay once for the content you want (like a regular game and DLC's) and you never have to pay a monthly sub, ppl who do sub to eso+ get small bonus' such as crown store crowns (in game dlc currency) and a crafting bag etc, but none of these things are a necessity what-so-ever.Overall, an absolute plethora of Elder Scrolls content for both solo players and people who want to play with friends for a very decent price."
,Recommended,306130,30304273,Posted: 3 March,all,KT_Extinction,"Oh boy, how to talk about my new obsession…Elder Scrolls Online has really got its hooks in me, and I’m not an MMO guy at all. In fact, I usually get frustrated and bored before getting too far into these types of games. There is a ridiculous amount of price to content ratio here even if you pick up just the base edition, and it would take forever to describe everything I liked or disliked in such a massive game. So, as a non MMO player, I will list what issues I have with the majority of them and how ESO fixes or avoids these issues.1) Boring, Tab Targeting CombatAnyone who has played WoW remembers the frustration that came from being 40 feet away from a wild boar whose attack still manages to hit you because his attack was already queued up. The combat in the majority of MMOs is usually a static, detached affair, watching from afar, barely paying attention while numbers ping away. ESO’s combat is a much more input driven and reaction based system. Left click, and you attack. Right click, and you block. If an enemy is about to attack and you’re out of range or hiding behind a rock? They miss, as to be expected. A giant storm atronarch fires a charged lightning bolt at your face? Dodge roll out of the way and avoid the damage if you're quick enough. This isn’t the only MMO to have an action based combat system, but it serves the game well and keeps fights interesting. During the more intense fights I am at the edge of my seat, spamming healing spells, rolling away from danger, and interrupting enemy casts with well timed bash attacks. As good as Morrowind, Oblivion, and Skyrim were, the combat system are the weakest aspect of these games. ESO’s combat is very good for an MMO, but would be considered dull in a single player RPG, in my opinion. However, with ESO's variety of movement skills, dodge rolls, and varied abilities I can safely say that the combat in this game is definitely better than the combat in main series Elder Scrolls games, and anyone who disagrees with me needs to go back and replay vanilla Skyrim and remember just how bad that game’s combat really is. There’s a good reason why “Stealth Archer” is a running joke in the series, turning the game into a stealth based high critical damage FPS just makes the awful combat pass more quickly, which is sad considering that the most fun form of combat is also the one that gets it over with the fastest.2) Generic Collectathon questing“Collect 50 bear hides” quests are the bane of many MMOs, and while ESO definitely isn’t without a few of these quests, the majority of the content tries to tell a story within them. As superficial as this is, the voice work and dialogue options sell these mini stories well, although some better than others. Some quests are also surprisingly compelling, it is clear that Zenimax Online has tried hard to make their world one that’s believable and immersive, which is commendable. Despite the effort they put into the writing and storytelling, if you rush through all of the quest content to level up quickly I can see you getting burnt out pretty quickly, which leads to my next point.3) Level GrindingMany MMOs only let you do the “end game content” when you hit max level. This has led to the phenomenon of many games being filled with “power levelers” as players try and get to the “Real Game” as fast as possible. Remember WoW’s Chinese power leveling economy? With ESO’s One Tamriel update, everything in the world scales to your character’s level. When I first heard about this, I was pretty upset, since this mean that even the crappy mudcrabs from the starter level will still take a couple of hits to kill, despite your character's level. It is admittedly jarring to see a character covered in flames and glass armor struggling to kill a measly wild wolf. However, after playing through some of the vast content offered, I understand now why they added this level scaling mechanic to the game. Since the content scales, from level 10 onward you can start doing the massive Alliance PVP and the four man dungeons, even playing alongside Level 50s and above. This means that even as a casual player I can get into some pretty challenging dungeon crawls and massive PVP battles at my own leisure, which is something in other MMOs I would have to grind levels to get to, by which time I would have most likely have lost interest.4) Class/Role RestrictionsMost MMOs have very strict classes with little room for experimentation. While the holy trinity of Tank, DPS and Healer is present in ESO, the way weapon, class, guild, and armor skill lines are delineated mean that anybody can make any kind of crazy character combo they want. Want to make a Khajitt Sorcerer wearing heavy armor and shooting arrows and lightning bolts alternatively? Go for it! Want to try a sneaky Orc Nightblade who heals his teammates and maims his enemies as a support class? Totally viable! Obviously if you want to min/max there are definitely optimal class, weapon, armor and race combinations to choose, but the freedom to experiment and the ease of refunding skill points means that you are allowed to experiment with unique character combinations without fear of ruining a build and wasting your time leveling. I am currently attempting to make a Breton Templar Tank who also heals on occasion, but I couldn't resist getting the skill that allowed me to hurl javelins of pure light at long ranges, sniping mobs from far away. One thing I would recommend is that when you create a character, decide from the beginning to either put 90% of your stat points into Magicka OR Stamina, not both. Unfortunately, splitting your stat points between both will make you a jack of all trades, but master of none.5) Subscription Based Payment PlansOnce you buy ESO, it is yours to play whenever you want. When I tried out Eve Online (and boy was that an experience) I always felt a constant pressure to play the game because of its subscription model. My brain would tell me, “NO ROCKET LEAGUE FOR YOU, MUST GET YOUR $15 PER MONTH WORTH.” In ESO, the game is playable without a monthly subscription fee, so there is no such nagging voice in my head. There is an ESO+ option which lets you access all the smaller DLC and a separate crafting bag in game, leading to more convenient inventory management. However, you can buy this DLC separately, and with eight character slots and a shared bank space, it will be a long, long time until you can’t just manage your inventory through mules. I really think Buy to Play is the “sweet spot” of MMOs, compared to Free to Play which may lead to some purchasable items giving an advantage, Buy to Play manages to fund the developers without creating a need to monetize their product further.I have yet to talk about the addicting crafting system which lets you specialize in six different disciplines, or the chaotic massive battles that is the Alliance PVP, or the excellent add-on support which allows you to customize the game's already slick interface to your heart's content with user generated tools. With the player count rising lately, plus the large Morrowind Expansion’s release this year, I can see this game having a long, healthy future. Are there more hardcore MMOs on the market? Undoubtedly. Are there “better” ones? Probably, but for a player like myself who wants nothing more than to explore the lands of Tamriel at their own leisure, this is the best MMO I have ever played. Call me a casual, fine, I’m proud of it. If what I’ve written above appeals to you, I would recommend checking out this very special MMO."
,Recommended,306130,25602903,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Purrmaid,"Go back to a time where playing an mmorpg was about getting lost in a different universe, lost into the lore, and not getting the shiniest weapon to show off.ESO gives you full freedom of your character;Want to be a sorcerer tank? No problem.Want to be a night blade healer? You can make that happen!Of course there is min-maxing, how to get the ultimate heals, the ultimate dmg with this and this class. If thats what you like. But you can also tailor fit your character to work FOR you. And nobody will go protest or refuse to take you to a dungeon because you're not using x skill.The only negative thing about ESO is if you're very poor. Not only is it buy-to-play, it also has dlc's. The DLC's is worth the money, you can buy them in the crown store and unlock them for your account forever. Or you can become a member of ESO+, ESO+ is a subscription type which in my opinion is fairly cheap. You can choose to sub for 30, 90, or 180 days. And during those days you get access to a few features. One of them being an material bank which makes life a lot easier. The other being access to all DLC's.Of course, I'd recommend just play the game, get max level. sub for 1 month and go through all DLC's. Of course, you can get to them earlier, as you get scaled up to the content. But I'm the kind of person who likes to do things in proper order.So yes:+ Voice acting+ Fair sub model+ Freedom of character/skill/builds+ Huge world to explore+ Great dungeons (No afking, no lazydodling, you have to dodge, you have to be active and run around or you'll die)"
,Recommended,306130,14965404,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,kowalification,"Look... I played this game during beta and a couple of months after release. It sucked back then. Now they've resolved almost all of the bugs, and the game is pretty well-balanced. I can easily recommend ESO: Tamriel Unlimited these days. More people ought to get back into it. This is the future of MMoRPGs. I like it a *lot*(I am not being paid by anyone to make this review.)"
76561198055741527,Recommended,306130,33758117,Posted: 23 July,all,robincjulian,"I have to say, this is by far one of the best MMORPG's I have ever played. I was a WoW player for 6 years, and then it got to be boring and the same old crap. Bethesda really makes some good content. Mind you, I didn't start playing until the game had been out for at least a year and a half, because I wanted it to be improved from the catastrophe it was when it came out. Now, it has so much to offer. I have over 2300 hours of game time, with 12 toons and I love it! Yes, there is a cash shop, yes you can buy things to make your toon better, but you don't have to. And it seems like the people that play are more mature than the childish WoW crowd. Give it a shot...you won't regret it!"
76561198074570001,Recommended,306130,28752740,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Beraks,"Welcome to Elder scrolls online.. The game IS NOT SKYRIM 2! The game is UNIQUE and EPIC!I was playing skyrim for 2-3 years and a lot of another MMORPG games, but I can definitelly say, THIS game is PERFECT. You are new player? NO PROBLEM! Game will teach you all you need to know!You want to play any way you have on mind? NO WORRIES! This game has fantastic freedom!You like questing? OK! Questing is lot of fun and there is an very interesting lore!You hate questing? OK! There is HELLA lot of ways to level up! Dungeons, world bosses, PVP, dolmens, delves, public dungeons, exploring, EVEN OPENING CHESTS will give you experience!Yea.. this game has very very bad past. At launch it was terrible and almost unplayable.BUT THAT TIMES ARE GONE, now, it is time for TAMRIEL ONE!The game changed so much things since launch and there is no doubt that it is one of best MMORPG games on the current scene now! Lot of palyers everywhere, no toxic community, helpful guildmates, interesting graphic..If you are not sure if you want to buy it or not.. I was also not sure.. But I bought it after Tamriel One patch and.. I AM SURPRISED how good the game is! I dont regret single cent I paid for this game! It is worth the money...Also, housing comming out soon, be ready!Buy it now or regret your decision forever :)"
76561198021333312,Recommended,306130,15787336,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,LSDiobot,An Argonian asked me to test a potion. After drinking it I saw a Mammoth being chased by a cat while screaming for help...Say no to drugs kids
76561198105173910,Recommended,306130,14978171,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Beast of the Middle East,"""Like Skyrim with guns without guns"" - IGN"
76561198134006400,Recommended,306130,34452642,Posted: 23 August,all,Aztara,"I like the Elder Scrolls Online game.I came from World of Warcraft. I played this game on and off for almost 10 years. I wanted a change and I think ESO was that change.I also played some of the older stand alone games part of the Elder Scrolls. I actually played Daggerfall way back in the day and it was old when I was playing it.I played Morrowind and some of Skyrim.With that said, I like how ESO online is doing it's own thing.I like the professions and being able to make your your elite gear.I like the fact you can add your own styles to your gear and weapons.I like the general storylines, and each place I have played in ESO has felt like it's own special little world, which I suppose is not any different from WOW in this perspective. However since I am still somewhat newer to this game then WOW, it's still very fresh to me.I like the idea of joining a fighters, mage, thieves and dark brotherhood guild.I like the things that are possible to do in Wrothgar, and it's interesting to see what the Orc Homeland looks like.I like the idea of people turning into vampires and Werewolves.I like the dungeons, though some seem too hard.Dungeons do work a little bit different than in wow. I do feel that tanking in WOW is easier. I also liked the idea of gear progression in WOW, which in this game doesn't really seem to be the case. That made doing certain dungeons easier over time.Um, things in ESO are more of a grind but in a way that make's it more rewarding when you complete a task.I do not like the idea that vampires in older ES games burned in the sun and somehow vampires in this game seem immune,even if in later stages yes fire still hurts real bad.I like the idea of trials, they do remind me of WOW raids. At least the initial setup. I did prefer the size of WOW raids though 25 not 12.and it use to be 40 guys way back in the day, but that was too hard to control.Werewolves seem more like beasts in this game and for awhile I was annoyed by this, because I was use to Worgen's in WOW, but over time I think this is a better way, since in most depictions of werewolves, most don't just continue to wear clothes and top hats like Worgens in Wow.I feel in a way this game is where WOW was when BC just came out way back in 2006 2007.With their expansion of Morrowind, which I really do love. In a-lot of ways it reminds me of the stand alone version of Morrowind game in the late 90's I think.Though in that game, you could join 1 out of 3 houses. I was disappointed you could not join a House in this Morrowind, but as I understand ESO's Morrowind is in the 2nd era, and stand alone old Morrowind was in the 3rd era?The pvp area is cool, not as many battlegrounds like in WOW, yet for the one that exists right now in ESO, there seems to be a-lot more things to do in the one main bg area they have.I like taking down fortresses and taking over towns. That stuff use to exist in WOW unofficially, with a forsaken town and alliance town constantly being taken over by either Horde or Alliance, and throughout the cities.Which was really fun on pvp servers, but too many cry babies cried and WOw dev's made the guards so hard it was nearly impossible to do that anymore.Hey CRY BABIES, don't come to a pvp server if you don't like running the risk of getting ganked. Stay on PVE servers.Again I feel ESO has a lot of potential. I do think it's slightly growing too and I do hope it expands.I actually secretly hope it destroys WOW once and for all one day, but time will tell about that. If that does happen though.I do think that over time 2 things needs to occur in ESOMaybe 3I really would like new races, and different types. I know you have a lore, but can't lore be bended somewhat?So many races also seem very similar.This is a fantasy game.Anyway not really sure if this jives with the lore though so I don't really expect this.Here are two other main things.The game needs to continue to grow. New places, possibly another pvp area or some sort of advancement in the three faction war going on. Maybe now one side is going to win and the other sides have to join up again?Possibly consider ilevel gear progression. It kind of gives the player besides raising in CH numbers a incentive to try to keep doing better to get better gear which will make previous hard stuff easier and new very difficult dungeons trials doable.Yet if this game just wants to stay at it's current level I think only the first two should be considered.Lastly, ilevel gear progression can produce elitists like in WOW. This is the double edge sword with the last suggestion, because I know how elitists have ruined WOW. They also created a very sick culture.Yet then again I do think this option is more fun for people who want to do raids.There always seems to be advantages and disadvantages with making a change. I have figured this out the hard way but it's true nonetheless.Hope this review helps. I hope it convinces some WOW people too to give this game a chance.Lastly Lastly, the graphics in this game are beautiful. I wish WOW was like this but it is too old, even though the core story and core concepts of WOW are still solid.WOW though despite how much I loved you, you had your time baby. It's time to give another new placeholder a chance to shine. Rest in peace World of Warcraft your almost 14 which in game years means your ancient."
,Recommended,306130,31182267,Posted: 16 April,all,Rowan,"For years I've played the Elder Scrolls games and wanted a multi-player option.  Elder Scrolls Online isn't Skyrim, so try not to expect that, but itisincredibly immersive.  And gorgeous.  Now that One Tamriel is a thing, the game is that much better!Youneveroutlevel content.You can team with anyone, regardless of level, and it's scaled for everyone.  So you can take your shiny new level 1 pure healer and team with your high level friends!  They keep you from getting squished, and you buff and heal as you go.Use the DLC to add dimension to your character.  Are they an accomplished thief?  Can they snatch pretty baubles from the pockets of citizens?  Are they an assassin who takes contracts for pleasure or gold?  Perhaps they're from the jungles and ruins of Maazzatun, or maybe adopted by orcs after a shipwreck.Crafting isn't difficult to learn, and materials are quite literally, scattered all over Tamriel, waiting to be found or harvested.Code of Conduct:  ESO is the first MMO I've played that includes a Code of Conduct.  Hate speech is not tolerated.  Period.  Basically, don't be a d!ick.  When you see these insecure little twerps mouthing off in chat, just take a screen shot and use the Report option.Player housing!!!  Buy a home with Crowns (in-game cash store) or buy the same home (or cavern!) with gold earned, found, or stolen!  Find plans for furnishings and decorate the place to your heart's content!Morrowind expansion coming in June 2017!The community is the most helpful and friendly group of people that I've gamed with since City of Heroes was shut down.  Except on free weekends/weeks... Then the trolls come out to play.  But even then, it's never as bad as normal, everyday Zone chat on World of Warcraft, and the more mature members of the community tend to shut down the troublemakers.  Usually with biting humor to which the offending person or persons responds with, ""Yer MOM!"" then runs off to pout.There are two things that I'm really not a fan of in ESO:The Market/s.There is no one market.The current market system is needlessly complex and requires far too much effort to find the things you need.If the devs would create a market that served everyone, it would make it significantly easier to find what you need, and have the best chance of selling that blue or purple loot.  A market players dream!There is no ""Search"" function in the markets.  You can't search for say, ""Ancient Elf Motif.""  You have to use the drop downs to browse to the general category of motifs and scroll and scroll and scroll and probably not find it.  Go to another merchant for another guild, lather, rinse, repeat.  It's needlessly tedious and frustrating.Costuming and coloring.  You don't get access to the entire color palette from the get-go.  You unlock colors as part of Achievement rewards so in the beginning, you have very few, and very ugly, colors to dye your armor.Crown Store costumes:  You have to buy dyes from the Crown Store to color them at all, and one of those devs likes really,reallyhorribad shades of green and likes to mix them with other colors which will ruin a given palate for me.Coloring in general:  Some textures have ""baked-in"" color that warps the shades of whatever color that you're trying to slap onto your cuirass or robes.  Oh, and every ""red"" that I've unlocked so far is pink on almost everything I put it on.  Red is awesome.  You won't catch me wearing pink in analog life so I'm sure as heck not going to put it on my toons in a game.  :pI'd also love to see conversation responses have consequences as they have in Star Wars: The Old Republic. Many times the only response/s are things my character would never say.  And many more times, I wish I could be snarky.  You know, those Altmer and Dunmer could certainly do with having their over-inflated egos taken down a peg or five.  ;)Having your entire group being able to contribute their responses as if it was an actual conversation rather than, ""click-click-click-blah-blah-blah.  Okay, let's go.""  People who want to read everything tend to feel rushed by those on the team who don't read the quests.  Solution:  Try to find three other people who like to read along and get your adventure on!If you love fantasy but don't care for the cartoony appearance of WoW (or the toxic community there), give Elder Scrolls Online a shot!"
,Recommended,306130,27691053,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[ARX]AnthonyPS,"IntroductionElder Scrolls Online (ESO) is a hit-and-slash based MMORPG game based on the Elder Scrolls (duh) universe made by Zenimax Online (Thanks for the correction, Oni, metareaper, and flobish). Players will explore Tamriel and do quests given by NPCs across Tamriel. This game is focused both on PvE and PvP, each requires a lot of time to master and grind. Similar to its offline relative, TES V: Skyrim, ESO has a massive content in it and you can expect thousands of hours of gameplay.  Quest's style is also similar to Skyrim. Instead of 'Kill 50 monsters' or 'Collect 100 chicken feets' like in other MMORPGs, ESO offers various kinds of immersive Skyrim-like tasks. Like 'Tail Dar'Van to the secret place' or 'Change A or B's sword with a flawed sword' or 'Assassinate Lord Quintus Jarol in his estate'. These quests involves stealth, lockpicking, pickpocketing, assassination, choice-driven outcome, and many other elements. In short, ESO is a story-driven MMORPG with rich content that offers the player a new way to interact with the game.Common Misconceptions1. Pay To Win?Definitely not. Purchasing 'Crowns' - ESO's premium currency - will only cut down your grinding time. If you have the time to grind and enjoys the grinding process, there is really no benefit you can get from Crowns. ESO Plus members only gain a crafting bag, all DLCs, and 10% bonus XP. In my opinion, membership is quite useless if you have the Gold Edition. Crowns will also unlock special cosmetics like special mounts and pets. But again, they are just cosmetics. They have no advantage over the free items. However, I always encourage everyone to purchase premium currency and DLCs to support the developers. Purchasing Crowns is not completely useless. You can browse around the store to see what kind of benefit it offers over non-paying users.2. Is this Skyrim Online?No. This is set exactly 948 years (Thanks for the correction, Mr. Cracktus Jack!) before the events in TES V: Skyrim. This is the 2nd Era and even Talos has not been born yet, moreover the Dragonborn. A lot of people keep asking in-game ""WHERE IS THE DRAGONBORN?! Or are we all dragonborns?"". If you pay attention to the in-game calendar, it's 2E (Second Era). Skyrim is set on 4E (Fourth Era). This is definitely not Skyrim Online, but it is set on the Elder Scrolls Universe. You will still meet or hear familiar characters like Akatosh, Mara, Thieves Guild, The Dark Brotherhood, etc but this is not set in the same time with Skyrim. Expect MMORPG-compatible quests and storyline instead of complete similarity with Skyrim's gameplay.Pros1. Rich content. Tons of story, side-quests, items to unlock, hidden collectibles, crafting system, skills, characters, etc. Side-quests are mostly a bit cliche but that's compeletely understandable. You can't expect them to write thousands of well-written story. I do, however, have to give them credits for the great main quest's storyline.2. Active and friendly community. As expected from a pay to play game, the community does not have a lot of toxic players and they are very helpful to new players.3. Very large map. This means there are tons of exploration bonuses and sights to see.4. Better fighting animations. Compared to Skyrim, it is not as crude. Not as smooth as Warframe but it is still better than Skyrim.5. Not the best and latest graphics but it looks awesome and up-to-expectations from a 2014 game.6. Almost no trollers. This is gold for a MMORPG. I can enjoy online play without the presence of people who intentionally ruin the gameplay.7. Definitely fun to play with friends. This is not one of those solo-focused MMORPGs. Having 1-3 friends to play with will be very beneficial to your ESO gaming experience.8. Helpful Add-Ons will cut down your grinding time9. Grinding process is not boring. Again, they are not like those 'Kill 100 headcrabs' MMORPG.10. Emotions made the social interactions very alive. I spent a lot of hours just messing around the city with various emotions (/kowtow, /lute, /bucketsplash, etc). People around me are surprisingly very supportive in creating a mutually entertaining random fun (e.g. flash mob, orchestra, mass-play-dead, etc)11. If you're into Role-Playing (RP), there are a lot of RP guilds in ESO. I'm not into RP myself but I saw one of them in action once and I can say their dedication is amazing.12. You can create up to 8 characters and you can share the items & money between them. IMO, this is another golden point. ESO offers a massive room for improvisations, practice, and testing. Devs did their best to balance out everything so you can try out every class/alliance/race in-game without having to pay a single dime. Grinding new characters will not be as difficult if you already have one well-off 'main' character.Cons1. Musics are not as epic as Skyrim and mostly 'meh' quality. This might not be important for some people but IMO this is a huge letdown, considering the fact that this has relation with Skyrim.2. Very expensive crown store items. Want those cool-looking armors? Be prepared to pay ~$50 for each style. However, you can get them for free if you are patient in farming for the motifs.3. A bit confusing for new players. There are way too many elements to learn and it takes a long time to know your way around. ESO needs a better tutorial system.4. IMO, I agree with others that Bows are a bit underpowered. I have seen numerous discussions about underpowered bows in various zone chats so this seems as an issue that devs should address.5. Stealth kills are a bit weird. You can only insta-kill using Dark Brotherhood's special Blade. Stealth damage should have more value. However, I agree with Oni that stealth wasn't meant to be a huge element in the game. Stealth system exists but it's just not well made.6. Gathering resources seem to be severely under-rewarding. Stealing items from town markets and deconstructing them will give a lot more resources faster.7. No Asia server.8. Combat with same-level enemies takes way too long and this is the very first thing my fellow gamers noticed whenever they watch me play. It seems that I'm not the only one who thinks that the enemies are too tanky.9. Crafting system lacks explanation. I had to watch kevduit's video on YouTube first before fully understanding it.10. Kills mid-low spec PC. My friends have a laptop with specs above the minimum requirements, but they can barely play smoothly (2 - 30 fps). I understand this is a heavy-load game, but it would be great if they have more optimization options.ConclusionESO is definitely a MMORPG to look at. I am not a huge fan of MMORPG myself since most of them are pay-to-win or have similar patterns of gameplay. ESO is unique. It looks awesome, it has worth-reading stories, and abundant content. I believe this is definitely worth trying. I am still not that far into the game when I write this review so I may update this review again one day. I hope this review can be helpful for you. Thank you for reading!"
,Recommended,306130,25069276,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Shiroe,"The following is a tale of my experience as a ESO player, and not entirely the actual gameplay. The gameplay will be summarized in the TL;DR portion of this ""book"". If you read this entire thing, Thank you. Please have a cookie and pretend it was your reward. As cyber cookies are not scrumptious.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I've played this game since the Beta. I have seen it evolve and change. The minute Tamriel Unlimited came out I was so pumped I bought the game the next day. I played hours of it, for weeks on end, and finally FINALLY got to level 50. Goodbye summer, hello ESO! I became a Veteran Rank, and spent more time experiencing what I missed while running around trying to beat the main quest line. I maxed out Blacksmithing, made it to the Daggerfall Covenant (I started in the Ebonheart Pact), and leveled up to Veteran 6 after about 200 hours of in-game time.I spent a ton of time building my character and equipment, and was excited to almost be Veteran 7. I was about 1,000 exp away, so I left it for the next day to get some sleep. I woke up, and an update was initiated. Veteran Ranks were removed. Well, less removed and moreso replaced entirely by the Champion Point System. I was expecting this, but I had no idea what would happen when I loaded ESO after updating.ALL of my equipment was about Champion 60, as promised. Zenimax stated that the champion system wouldn't change the numbers by much, but simply adding a 0 to the end of the veteran rank. So I assumed it would be the same. No, apparently, my Champion points were above 160 already, going by this news before, I would have had to be Veteran 16, the max at the time. Clearly, I was naive. I was shocked actually. All of a sudden it felt like my hard work to get to Veteran 6 was thrown in my face then spit on. My equipment was where I expected by my level was beyond comprehension. I laughed. I laughed at the number. 163. Absolutely hilarious!So I quit. I quit the game for a few days to calm down. I come back, and I don't know why, but something urged me to continue. To get stronger, to make the best equipment in the game (as a Champion above 160, I automagically had access to every top-tier piece of equipment to craft, which seems odd IMO but w/e) and basically catch up to where Zenimax threw me. I was miles ahead of where I should have been. So immediately, I panicked oddly enough, and ran to the nearest guild trader and bought EVERYTHING that would help me get top-tier equipment. Dumping more than 20k of gold on glyphs, crafting materials, etc. Which, was a good and bad move now that I look back at it.Panicking in that situation got my equipment closer to where it should have been. Clearly I couldn't afford Rubedite at the time, which is the strongest material you can make heavy armor and metal weapons out of. I was even convinced I would have to go to Cyrodiil to get the Rubedite, exclusively! Oh how fun that would have been. So I built equipment to the Voidstone tier and called it a day until I could afford something better, or make it. So I went through and finished the Daggerfall Covenant.I took a break from ESO for a few weeks. Then the Dark Brotherhood DLC came out, after the Thieve's Guild. So I bought all of the DLC expecting to blow hours on them, only to realize my urge to get stronger was over-powering. So I fought. I beat dungeons and conquered all of the quests and regions of the Ebonheart Pact and Daggerfall Covenant. At this point I was probably Champion 180-190. In comparison to how challenging it was (in a good way) to go from one Veteran Rank to the Next, getting champion points is laughably easier. Anyways, I went to Abah's Landing (The Thieve's Guild hometown) and found the mystery metal: Rubedite. It was dotted all over the map. So I got a bunch. A few hundred ore expecting that to be it. That is, until I got to the anvil. I had about 200 ingots of Rubedite, and it took slightly more to make just a Cuirass. So I quickly begin running the numbers, and came up with nearly 1500+ Rubedite INGOTS required to make a full set of equipment, nevermind finding the tempers to enhance these pieces of armor, and swords. I said INGOTS in caps because 10 ore does NOT always refine to 10 ingots. it can be 7-10 ingots per 10 ore. Meaning if I needed 1700 ingots, getting 1700 ore would most certainly not be enough.So I ran. For maybe 20 hours playing through a week, gathering the Rubedite and slowly building my armor. I finished the armor and swords after a grueling amount of time playing the game only to gather ore. In fact, I just watched videos on my other monitor as I ran around mining. Finally completing the armor, the final step would be to get everything to legendary enhanced weapons and equipment, topped off with legendary enchantments of course! Currently, I am in the process of maxing my enchanting skill line, as well as the other crafts. I also happen to lack quite a but of the Legendary temper, Tempering Alloy. I need about 8 I believe for a 100% chance, so if I don't want to take any risks, I would need not only all the tempers in-between normal and legendary, but to make all of my equipment legendary, I would need a whopping 80 Tempering Alloy. Last time I checked on the guild traders I've seen, 1 of those alloys goes for about 10k gold. Only One. I need either 800k gold, or pure luck to get the alloy I need. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHASo wait, why am I recommending this game if I went through all this trouble?Simple. It's fun. There's something about this game that keeps me coming back, even nearing the end-game where I've done nearly everything. I'm currently still working on maxing all the crafts, getting my legendary equipment, and getting all of the achievements. That has NEVER happened for me in ANY game before. Maybe because I feel comfortable playing this game knowing other people are playing too, and many of which are willing to help (and myself in turn) if something happens, for instance, fighting OP world bosses. Seriously 2 or more of those guys in one world boss area can be a bit painful to fight. Solo that is.I'm a solo player in an MMO. I like that play style. I don't like PVP, I just like exploring and fighting bosses, finding treasure, and meeting awesome people. Why does this game keep me coming back for hours until I have over 340 already? I have no clue. Feel free to look at my account, not a single game has come CLOSE to that number. It'll probably be more in the near future. There's so much to do, yet it isn't a daunting amount. I don't feel required to play, and that's how a game should be. Simple as that. I want to feel like I need to come back, but not forced to ""get that next quest"" or something. The changes I've seen and been through, and that are planned for the future, are interesting and add something new to this game. I actually HATED Zenimax when the champion system ruined everything I worked for. But with a clearer mind, I will continue to fight against Molag Bal.TL;DRSo this game is fun. I love it. I had my spats with it, quit it a few times, only to come back for more again and again. 300 hours into the game and I feel as though I barely scratched the surface. I laugh at nerdy jokes the devs put in, or that skeleton in the barrel in Wrothgar (try to find it, its hilarious!) and I don't plan on stopping my excursion of Tamriel. The fighthing is like every MMO, but sometimes I get surprised at how tough the enemies and especially bosses are. Most bosses are just spam this, spam that, heal, etc. Sometimes its more. And I like that challenge. Meeting people is a plus. It adds to the experience. Dungeons are always cool to see. The terrain is absolutely beautiful, see the pics I've posted for details. This game is just awesome. I give it a solid 9/10 for what it's worth.*****UPDATE*****One Tamriel Update pretty sweet IMO"
,Recommended,306130,24458717,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Phobos,"Basically, this game is all about ZOS and Bethesda saying ""we can into MMO too!""God, I hope you got that Polandball reference, it was pretty tough to come up with it.So, you got a little bit bored of WoW eh? Thought about giving a shot in trying something else? Or, maybe you got sick of these F2P MMOs and thought to try a P2P for once?With all my heart and honesty, coming here was a really, really,good choice.Let me introduce you to ESO:TU. When this game came out a while ago, it wasa real mess. There was a plethora of issues that made the game become a source of controversy for a little while.But the developers did not give up. Their crusade to make the game enjoyable, bore fruit. A steady stream of patches fixed the majority of these issues and now the game is actually pretty good. Of course, there is still room for improvement, but I'm confident ZOS will not dissapoint us (they already proved their worth).ESO is set nearly 1000 years before Skyrim, during theThree Banners War. For all those that are familiar with the story of the universe, beforeTalosrose to become emperor and take the nameTiber Septim, the races of Tamriel formed three alliances and fought for the throne. Your character is sacrificed to the Daedric PrinceMolag Bal, who plans to take advantage of the chaos and the war to merge Nirn with his plane of Oblivion. You choose a race that determines your alliance (or not, depending on the DLC you bought), and venture forth in all this chaos to save the world from man, elf, beast and daedra alike and recover your soul.The gameplay can be broken down to three elements:questing, battling and exploring.The quests may keep some basic similarities to your general MMO rules, like go there, kill that many enemies, collect that many ingredients etc, but they are packed in a beautiful package that is greatly appealing. You can make choices (mostly for cosmetic reasons) and discover small parallel plotlines that will keep you entertained for a long while. On the downside, sometimes the characters feel goofy and ridiculous in an attempt to add some comedy elements in the game (let's have a nice laugh whilethousands are dying every second in a bloody war). Plus, there are so many detailed quests that you end up forgetting the names of the characters you had to help for an entire week, for example. I can live with that though.Unfortunately, ESO does not follow exactly the same system for abilities and skills as Skyrim (not that it's that bad though). Anything can work, really, from mages with heavy armor to rogues with two-handed battle axes. But,some things work better than others. This forms some kind of meta that transcends with every major patch that brings big changes. Aside your racial and class skills (that arepredetermined and cannot change), you got a freedom of choice in crafting, criminal activity, soul magic and more. Before you know it, your character will take shape. If he's not what you expected, you can alwaysreset your skill pointsfor a in-game money fee. Very useful and practical.Exploration is this game's best part. From the snowy peaks of Skyrim and the jungles of Black Marsh to the deserts of Alik'r and the forests of the Summerset Isles, the world of Tamriel is before you and ready to explore. Everywhere there are ruins, lost temples, haunted tombs, forgotten battlefields, busy cities, beautiful lakes and many, many more to see and discover. Everything is colorful, rich in detail and accessible. You will not have enough of exploring new areas and always crave for more.But what about PVP you may ask?That's where ESO did it (nearly) all right. You got the PVP zone, which is essentially,A GIGANTIC BATTLEFIELD. The province of Cyrodiil is full of towns, cities, castles, walls and campsites where the three alliances slaughter each other endlessly. You will encounter (and participate) from massive sieges with 500 players backing you up and small skirmishes with 5 people, to battles in open plains and ambushes to reinforcements that are trying to protect a fort. PVP is a gem in this game and a shining example to all MMOs out there.A huge minus however, is the general lag that you can encounter, especially in days with peak activity. That's probably due to the megaserver being a bad idea to manage all the game's elements that need to be present. Not only that, but this game requires agood internet connectionand amoderately-to-good pc, or else you are gonna have a bad time.Look past some flaws, and you won't regret it.RATING:Gameplay:7/10Presentation:9/10Story:8/10Unique Factor: PVP:8.5/10OVERALL:8.1/10Sorry WOW, I prefer buy to play games. Now, ESO, hug me and make love to me."
,Recommended,306130,22810642,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Aki,"Pros :Huge world to explore and journey intoAwesome graphicsDecent combat systemLots of interesting and fun quests (I haven't even count those come with the DLCs yet)Pretty good loreFully voice acted (generic characters might be pretty lame some times though)Various character buildsGreat crafting systemFrequent updatesNo pay2win1T, it's easier to group up with players from different alliances now (excluding PvP for obvious reasons)Cons :Updates are kinda huge, it takes a long time when the internet connection is slowCharacter creation still feels kinda meh, especially for male charactersSome obvious bugsBest customer support everRNG drops tend makes obtaining gears grindy"
76561198022182244,Recommended,306130,24752916,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Rogred,It's great. Just don't go in expecting Skyrim online.
,Recommended,306130,32207589,Posted: 5 June,all,Arden,Got kicked from all 5 of my guilds after not playing for 2 days. 11/10 experience.
,Recommended,306130,23758275,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Traybair,The only MMO that has ever held my attention.
,Recommended,306130,34519442,Posted: 26 August,all,MrFizzyCat,"THIS ONLY HAS MIXED REVIEWS BECAUSE PEOPLE THINK IT'S SKYRIM 2.0NO, this is NOT another Skyrim. This is an MMO. Look the game up before you buy it instead of buying a game completely different then what you're expecting.To all the people complaining about the space of the game = IT'S AN MMOIt needs to be a large game to be able to last a while like WoW.Honestly, I love this game. I've played it for 35 hours so far in 3 days and It's really good!PS ; It's not pay to win like some people are saying -.-"
,Recommended,306130,22770370,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Zetsu_zG,"Let me put it this way: This game can not be fully explained, only experienced. It looks beautiful, it sounds beautiful, and combat makes you feel like a badass.I have played it until now about 523 hours and just hit Veteran 12... so much more to find and explore...Great graphics, nice character customization (not as good as Tera in this aspect), massive worlds and plenty of quests to perform and mobs to fight,I love the bosses being hard to kill, it is a challenge, and slow leveling? that's what I like.  but if there is one word I would use to describe ESO it would be: ... (Masterpiece)."
,Recommended,306130,14946247,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Uzdo,"I play since launch and now when Elder Scrolls Online drops subscription is good time to buy ESO or back if you already have it.Keep it in mind this is not Skyrim Online is MMO in Elder Scrolls Lore.After year this game change a lot. Zenimax fix a lot of bug and start listen the community.They add justice system and is awesome you can now steal and kill NPC.The graphic is not like in Skyrim but is still quite beautiful and is well optimized. Quests are well written, the combat feels good. PvP is a little unbalanced but is fun.I would recommend this game to all Elder Scrolls Lore fans."
,Recommended,306130,15705756,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,sscheaper,"This review will most likely get buried, but here we go....I bought this game a few months back. And it was not really that great. It cost an insane amount, and the game just felt unfinished and buggy. It also had that terrible subscription fee that made you pay a ridiculous amount of money per month....But now this game is definately worth it! So much to do, to see, to loot. This game is packed with hours of fun engaging gameplay, and great exploration. The games pace is not insanely fast, but not insanely slow, so it feels challenging but not to the point where you want to snap your keyboard in half. Graphics are very nice for a MMO. Not Skyrim necessarily, but still a great looking game. Would I recommend this game at 60 bucks? No, but if it does go on sale then snag this game.Pros:+fun exploration+GREAT fun with friends+challenging yet fun gameplay+sexy graphics+tons of things to do+a widerange of character customization+VOICE ACTING!!!+engaging solo play+pvp is incredible+Mai'q the liar...Cons:-a little bit buggy-repetitive buildings-quests are all very similiar-no way to play strictly single player-servers can sometimes lag really badlyOverall I would give this game a 8.5/10. Happy questing! :D"
,Not Recommended,306130,31636079,Posted: 8 May,all,Wolfdoggie,"This game has come a long way from where it was on it's premature release. It can offer a lot of fun in exploration and story but it falls stale in so many places that I often find myself frustrated too much of the time. It's unrealistic to believe this to ever be as good as Bethesda's single player masterpieces but I still expect more from my favorite company's legacy which causes me to have to thumbs down it till it better meets those expectations hopefully. I kinda wish there was a Neutral option. At an On-Sale price I would recommend it.🐾 PvE:Equipment drops are heavily RNG (random). It can be painfully impossible to get the dungeon set you want, even simple unpopular ones, since there're no PvE token systems like many of the best MMOs already offer.Gear caps at ""CP"" Lv.160 which is a veteran level reached after hitting Lv.50. Drops are generally useless below that. This creates a VERY negative atmosphere when a Lv. 160 player is farming for drops and queues into a group with someone below Lv.160. It creates a problem where the lowbie player is basically a parasite that slows down the group offering nothing in return since if he gets the drop the Lv.160 player has sought for 100 runs it's useless to him since it'll be a Lv. 10 item. To remedy this problem players will often kick lowbies immediately.There's no jewerly crafting. Obtaining purple/gold jewerly takes forever/impossible.Crafting trait research time-gating sucks. Takes upwards to an entire month to research one trait depending on how many you researched. Can only research a max of 3 at a time per profession.The Dungeon Queue system is extremely broken. It will often kick the entire group after joining along with a multitude of other bugs. If a bug causes you to have to re-queue you're stuck with a 15 minute wait penalty.If you're a DPS (which everyone is) the queue times are eternal, which is worsened when the queue finally pops only to bug out. (This is why Holy Trinity systems suck) If you aren't a META DPS build or close to it your damage is terrible. Everyone wants to play DPS but few are very good. There're so few healers and tanks that the queue is often literally 1-3 seconds as one. You're better off just make-shifting your DPS into a hybrid healer/tank to get him anywhere, although the Marrowind resource nerfs coming up may make that difficult to do.The game's practually Pay2Play considering how limited your inventory is because it suffocates you in attempt to make you buy ESO Plus: 15 dollar subscription: Because it gives you a crafting bag (and soon double bank space) that endlessly sinks all your thousands/millions of crafting items into it. There's no free limited version of this bag like other games offer for free or even a permanant purchasable version. Inventory upgrades are limited to 240 account wide bank, 200 character (including 60 days of mount inventory training). Very small, very expencive.Player housing is also restricted to ESO plus if you actually want to have a decent amount of room to build. Limit is small regardless and housing offers no storage space.There's no way to personally organize your bank/inventory. It's all crammed into one spot: A missed opportunity with housing.They push the need for ESO plus so much that it feels like it steps all over people who prefer to just buy the DLC outright like I did.ESO simply begs for many Quality of Life features but they leave that to player add-ons to fix, and the game is untoleratable without certain add-ons.You have to join a guild that won a bid on an Guild Store location to sell your items on the ""Auction House."" Limit 30 items per 1 of 5 guilds.Many crafting items sell to NPC merchants for 0 gold making them useless unless you let them pile up and sell on guild store when you finally have a store slot for it.Achievement Points are useless. This also make completing all the quest rather pointless reward-wise when you don't need XP anymore or have enough CP levels to not care as much.Story choices don't matter much. Well, except that multiple skill point one I think.Justice system is rather simple. Get caught stealing/murdering and NPCs molest you and that's all.Your overall damage is based on your Max Stamina or Max Magicka making many skills useless on certain builds. All Class's stamina builds generally play the same.Light/Heavy attack animation is dull.Bows do terrible damage. It is not useful as a primary weapon. Sorry Wannabe-Archers.You'll actually be kicked for trying.Fishing has no mini-game.No diving underwater.🔪 PvP:Enjoying PvP is near impossible till you spent 60 days training your time-gated mount's speed.Mount training isn't account wide. Have fun logging into every character to herass the stablemaster every day.Cyrodiil runs like crap and is full of bugs and memory leaks.You have to grind PvE for PvP gear.PvP gear just = a trait that has little to no use in PvE but a lot of use in PvP causing you to need 2 sets of gear in a game that hates giving you inventory space or the drops you need.Power difference between levels is gigantic. Prepare to be 1-2 shot for most of your innocent life.Aldmeri Domonion and Ebon Pact players: Stay off the Bridge, it doesn't help the faction. Bridge should be removed.Animation canceling is required. Shouldn't be, but everyone uses it and will expect you to.The game has Execute skills (more damage on lower HP targets) that essentially make a 3rd of your HP bar pointless since you'll get nuked, instantly trigger execute, and die.Play Magicka Sorcerer High Elf for free, easy kills.💊 Misc Stuff:This game just simply loads slow in general compared to other games regardless of PC specs or ISP. It's not very optimized. I can probably blame that on Consoles. They gotta keep the game dumbed down so it can play on both PC and Console.Don't dottle too long making your character... the idle disconnection function isn't disabled there. The idle dc timer is kinda annoying in general. I feel like it's too short, but whatever.This game seems to simply HATE certain people and disconnects them randomly -constantly. It's a complete mystery to the entire community why this happens.The Mail system just straight up confuses me. For some reason when you buy something or are sent mail for whatever reason the time you receive it is completely random. Sometimes instant, sometimes a few minutes, sometimes it take so long you have to force it to come to you by changing zones or relogging. You have to click delete and then confirm delete for every single mail one at a time no matter what kind it is. It's annoying and takes forever. I have to use an add-on to remove the confirm box. Still doesn't give me a delete-all option for everything without an item/gold attached.Not being able to interact with gathering nodes, chest, food in inventory, NPCs, -just about anything while in combat, or while your party member is in combat (no matter what distance he is from you) regardless of whether anything has even hit you or not... is annoying. My god is it annoying. I don't even know how to explain how annoyed it makes me feel.You can't move or travel easily with UI windows open as they pause your character.Opening Menu while doing an action like gathering, an emote, etc cancels it. (requires add-on)You can't dye costumes without ESO Plus: Which is just stupid.You can't reskin armor/weapons or dye your weapons. All end-game weapons look like filthy red dog d***s cuz they're made of ruby ore.Size matters if you wanna reach the cheese on top shelf easier.Can't buy majority of the new cash shop cosmetics directly. Game wants you to gamble with 60+ dollars of RNG loot boxes instead. Cash shop items aren't tradeable.This game does have a teleport to friend/guildy feature usable from anywhere with no gold cost. Probably the best (only) amazing QoL feature in the entire game.I'm outa space now. Get out. 🖐"
,Recommended,306130,33806758,Posted: 26 July,all,[RotH] @Seribii,"As the guild leader of a werewolf community on EU and an old school elder scrolls player (Played since Arena first came out), i probably have a slightly biased opinion of the game but it I believe it to be an excellent. The graphics are beautiful (I seem to screen shot alot in this game and never really do it). The game play is fresh, and playing as a werewolf is totally fun (Again sorry, biased, screw those vampires right?).The DLC is not required but supplement the game beautifully. The Morrrowind chapter is a nostalgia trip to any players of Morrowind way back when.PvP is fun (albeit sometimes a pain the♥♥♥♥♥. And even running as part of the zerg in Cyrodil is enjoyable (Something I hateed in WvWvW in guild wars 2). With the Morrowind chapter you get battlegrounds, fun little 15 minute matches where you play 4v4v4 and even someone like me has a blast in it. (They even designed a gear set for my style *cough cough* Cowards Gear Set *cough cough*).PvE is excellent, a little something for everyone, normal dungeons if your a little more casual about the whole thing, veterans for people working their way higher. Trials and upwards for those players (not like me) who want to push it to the max. Questing and exploration is great, and very rewarding. Finding skyshards and lorebooks is fun and you want to do it because they grant you skill points and mages guild experience. (Not to mention, fishing, dolmens, world bosses, delves etc.)RP is there in the game, this is something my guild has just started, much to my enjoyment because I used to be part of a thriving RP community in World of Warcraft (And thankfully not the toxic AD community).As a recap, if you love Elder Scrolls, pick it up. Love MMOs, this is a different take on them, pick it up. If you are on EU and want a fun community to help you along and want to join our werewolf army, find me in game (@Seribii).The game is an excellent love letter to the elder scrolls games and will keep you opccupied until Bethesda announce they are going to release a Skyrim port for your cat or something."
76561197994287202,Recommended,306130,23041588,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,GuardianSpooker,"I will say this, this MMO is very addicting. But like everyone says, it does not ""completely"" feel like an ""Elder Scrolls"" game. It just feels like your average MMO. But it's a great MMO at that.The main quest is kind of average too. You're basically just ""The Chosen One"" sent to correct the evil that is corrupting the land. Nothing original.Another thing to note that like most MMORPGs, this is a huge XP grind fest. So make sure you have enough time on your hands to level up and start completing them quests. Those quests will help you level fast and give you a good sum of gold too.Oh yes and one thing to note about the Imperial Edition. Although it does give you a free horse and trust me, it takes 10,000 gold to get your first horse, one thing it fails to mention and something I learned the hard way. I thought the Imperial Edition granted the ability to play as any race in any faction. But turns out, that only applies to the new Imperial race you get in the imperial edition. It only grants Imperials the ability to be in any faction.If you want to do that, you'll have to purchase the Adventurer's Pack which costs 1,500 crowns if I recall. Now before you start calling and whining about it being ""Pay 2 Win"", please hear me out. Most of what you spend with ""crowns"" which is a currency you get with real money, are mostly just cosmetics. Pets, costumes and etc. Most of these things don't grant you an advantage over others.The only way to get better is to get better gear, level up, figure out your own playstyle, play your class to its fullest extent and basically, just be good at the game. You don't need to spend any crowns to get any sort of strength over others. You get almost all of your strength from crafting, buying and leveling up. They all involve getting ""gold"" which is of course, the ""in-game"" currency. So if you're afraid this might be ""Pay to win"", toss that thought out the window right now. You're safe.The only gripe I have is that the quests are just uninteresting, which I often just skip most of the dialouge to try and complete the boring quest as fast as I can and most of the achievements can be very difficult to complete. Most of the achievements unlock dyes for you to color your armor and clothing. But the most rarest of dyes are rewarded on the most hardest of achievements. But you'll feel glad when you get them, because these rare dyes are shiny than the common ones and I like shininess on my clothes and armor.All in all, it's a very good MMO. But again, don't expect it to play like an Elder Scrolls game. Manage your expectations and just treat the game as a good MMORPG game and not an Elder Scrolls game."
76561197978697762,Recommended,306130,29745903,Posted: 6 February,all,Malagon,"Tamriel is overflowing with players for a reason. Voted 'Best MMO of the Year' for a reason. Against a dozen other MMOs it took 2/3rds of the votes for a reason. Elder Scrolls Online *has stolen a 7 year dedicated WoW player* for a reason.ESO is the real deal dudes and dudets--people love this game and it is growing more and more popular by the day, attracting new players and THERE WAS A SUPER BOWL COMMERCIAL. If a commercial slot in the Super Bowl doesn't scream SUCCESS I don't know what does. To give you an idea of the significance, WoW released its first Super Bowl commercial back during Wrath of the Lich King, the expansion widely considered the high point of the World of Warcraft series, when it had more players than at any other point in its history.There has been a DRAMATIC improvement in ESO over its initial launch. It could barely be considered the same game. Bugs are gone, gameplay is improved (a lot), there is a ton of new content, and it is the game it should have been when it was first released. I don't think I've ever seen a development team get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together so well and somehow manage to polish a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥into a diamond. ESO has finally made it and it's only going to improve as the game continues to grow. With Homestead released today and Morrowind coming in a few months, things are looking mighty sweet for ESO."
76561198115684954,Recommended,306130,25902579,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,El Chapo,"This game is like a wine. The older, the better. I can easily say that  in 2017 this will be the best mmo on the market. Community is constatly getting bigger. Not so long ago servers were pretty empty, you could only find people in cities near crafting stations, after one tamriel update everywhere I go i'm finding mixed race groups doing quests or exploring. It's pretty funny because all games tend to die with time, but with eso its all diffrent. only con I could find is that you cant get some less important stuff with in-game currency, you need to pay real money for changing hair or name. but you wont get anything from that store that will give you advantage."
,Recommended,306130,16774375,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,KrazyKringeKing,"Angryjoe's review is old and almost every complaint he had has been fixed. The game is great I would recommend ESO to any MMO fan.Edit:Although I still love the MMO, the more hours I put in the more furstrated I got. leveling takes FOREVER and becomes mundane and boring once you hit vet ranks (lvl 1-49, than vet ranks 1- 16). So any end game dungeons or PvP you wanted to do is going to take you 100's of hours to get to per toon. This is a huge problem for me and I imagine many opthers who have limited time to play games. Between college and work I just can't justify putting all my time into ESO if I am making no progress.The combat is still amazing and the questing is identical to skyrim, and Zenimax is constanly listening to the community and improving the game.If you have the time ESO is the best MMO you can choose to play and I highly reccomend it, but if you are limited in the time you can play games i'd choose a diffrent MMO (and maybe not an MMO at all as MMO's tend to be major time investments)Edit 2:I recently got back into the game as I heard that with the next expansion the Vet rank dilemma I had before is going to be removed. As of this edit  Vet ranks are still in the game, but i thought I would start leveling a character and get a bit ahead  of the curve before they were removed. Anyway the game has continued to improve and the population is growing. I have fallen in love with ESO all over again. Also if you are still unsure about ESO and want to watch a review, I suggest MMOGrinder's review over AngryJoe's. It is more recent, more in-depth, and an overall better review than Joe's is."
,Recommended,306130,23897909,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,theEpicMonkey,"Made an ArgonianNamed him HarryYou're a lizard Harry.Went to the Standing stones and choose Mage.You're a wizard lizard Harry.Attacked an guard in cold blood.""You just littered Harry, you lizard wizard in this blizzard""It's because Im a liquored wizard lizzard in this blizzard""10/10"
76561198069816632,Recommended,306130,26635302,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Kiwi,"***DISCLAIMER: for those that believe they will like this game because they liked Skyrim, trust me it is not like Skyrim it is nothing like it do not go into this game expecting the same experience as Skyrim they are two very different types of games, and although i love both of them dearly if you want to appreciate this game you CANNOT go into it believing that this game will be like every other TES game, it is its own unique existence in the Elder Scrolls series. In addition to that, please be warned that this game is very large and i recommend that you download it through ZeniMax's official launcher from their website so that way if you want to refund it you wont have to have had so much time put into it from downloading it from steam's launcher :) ***Now to the review part:The game has tons of content it is great for group play and interacting with new people, there is a lot of fluidity in the roles meaning that no matter what class you play you can play almost any role which is great in an MMO.This game puts the whole MMO quest system on a spin as well since it is an Elder Scrolls game, this meaning that instead of some filler B.S. quests like kill 10 rats, crabs, wolves, etc. this game actually makes an attempt at a story. Is it the best story in the Elder Scrolls  series? Hell no it isn't, but hell it makes an attempt which is a farther step than most MMOs, the story is also interactive and imposes choices on the player like a typical Elder Scrolls game, however in the same sense these decisions do not make end-game changes, so the game is still able to progress wonderfully and remain lore friendly(to a degree, Dragon-Time Paradox's are a ♥♥♥♥♥ AmIRite?).Nitty-Gritty:Graphics: If you are coming to an MMO and expect jaw-dropping graphics then you might want to lower your expectations, however this game deos have some nice graphics for an MMO however if Graphics are really what matter to you here is a recently published fan-made overhaul that drastically improves the game's graphics:https://www.reddit.com/r/elderscrollsonline/comments/5dvpes/pc_uber_fidelity_suite_for_the_elder_scrolls/Music: decent, like other elder scrolls games puts you into the Fantasy setting properly :)Combat: The combat System in this game is like your typical MMO, press buttons to use abilities that consume resources, the unique thing in its combat is probably how you can use basic attacks to restore said resources, you know heavy and light attacks in Skyrim?Character Creation: Pretty solid overall, nothing too in depth, like black desert Online, but there is still enough to allow your inner creativity to shine through, whether it be making an irresistible hunk or a tall bald elven woman meant to be an ostrich.Skills Progression: This game put's a unique twist on skills with it's ""skill morphs"" and doest bind you to be forced using a specific weapon to do your role, i.e. you can tank and use a damn staff or dual blades, etc. And for those that remember the firghters guild and mages guild from prior games, good news for you! They are back and have their own skill lines and through being an active member in said guilds the more abilities you gain!Crafting: The crafting is nice and you dont have to pay to craft your things immediately like in other MMOs it is quick and concise and with a stream of addons you can easily improve your crafting experience! However, like in prior game you have to put forward the work in crafting; there isn't any of that craft 100 iron daggers B.S. to have lvl 100 blacksmithing. to increase your standing it takes time and resources.Group-Content: This game provides a TON of group content with dungeons(4-man activities), trials(12-man activites), and just overall anything you can think of for the most part can be done with a buddy!Community & Support: The support team for this game is not the best I will certainly stand by that it is not as prominent as it once was and that is a problem. The community for this game though is great! It is helpful and kind, for the most part, and it is supre easy to make friends in! And it has a wonderful Addon community, though not through Steam so you have to actually install the addons yourself(it isnt that big of a deal :p).Story and Lore: Like I said prior, the game makes a damn good college try for a story, it just isnt the best in general, but for an MMO it is pretty good, the game does also incorporate a lot of TES lore into it and incorporates it in things you may not expect i.e. expect to see a few daedric princes you've seen in prior elder scrolls games to reappear and also relics like the staff of Magnus.DLC and in-game store content: This game does indeed have dlc however, the dlc is not absolutely necessary, meaning you do not need it to fully experience the game since, as stated prior, there is a ton of content in the base game. There is also a subscription item the YOU have to choice of buying, the game in no way forces you to buy it however it is a nice service and it does incentivise you to buy it since it doe s offfer a lot for a montly subscription(and in reality you are paying for the 1500 crowns a month it comes with mainly). This game overall however is by no means pay to win and offers all players means to get good; irregardless of what one buys in the in-game cash shop.Overall, I'd give the game a sold 82/100 it does it's job well with some minor flaws here and there but there isnt anything too terrible about it and it provides hundreds of hours of play time!"
,Not Recommended,306130,12802402,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,II./JG1_Schultz,"I wanted to like this game, I wanted to play this game. Sadly it's just another mindless MMO, the quests are just painful. The  empty rewards for completing missions and minor xp boost could not fill the void for that RPG feeling. Just a waste of money. I would much rather have Skyrim into a 2 or 3 player local server and companion with my friends."
76561198074750213,Recommended,306130,15573708,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,"Caaros, The King of Chaos","The Elder Scrolls Online is a surprisingly great game filled past the brim with grade A quests, characters, mechanics and more. The game constsntly makes me smile and I play it almost every day. This game has done a lot of things right and has even done a lot of things better than Skyrim. Here are the pros and cons of the game,--PROS-Massive game world full of adventure and culture-Meaningful and mostly exciting quests-Hundreds of memorable characters-Simple yet powerful character creation-Detailed crafting systems involivng styles, levelled crafting, traits, etc . . .-Engaging combat consisting of a combination of skyrim's ""Hack n' Slash"" combat, WoW's hotbar ability styled combat, and a little bit of rolling to dodge attacks-Massive player made guilds with banks, guild merchants, and more-Player based economy for trading and guild merchants-Intelligent AI that can detect when they are outnumbered, cooperate with other NPCs, etc . . .-Skyrim style skill-based levelling-Armor dyes that can be gained as rewards for completing achievements-Intricate PvP based in Cyrodil with forts, seige weapons, missions, etc . . .-Players can become the Emperor based on the war in Cyrodil-Free-form classes that can use any kind of weapon or armor (For example, a sorcerer using a battleaxe)-The world basically levels with you, as to alleviate the ned for grinding-Hundreds of lore books scattered throughout the world to be added to your ""Lore Library""-Great dungeons filled with powerful enemies and unique loot-Many teamwork based possabilities in the form of ""synergies""-Great voice acting-Player emotes and animations-Mounts and pets-Dynamic weather and time cycle-Decent graphics-Polished UI and menus-Hours upon hours of content including lots of late-game content-Incredible framerate (compared to Skyrim)-World events like ""Daedric Anchors""-One of the best final boss battles in modern video games-A ""phasing""  system that changes certain areas of the world for certain players after they do certain quests in those areas to provide the feeling that you are actually making a difference-Epic backround music along with bards that play their own songs-Continous flow of new content and patches-""Crown Store"" filled with asthetic and conveniance items (Nothing overpowered)--CONS-Slightly buggy (mostly hilarious visual bugs)-Short ""MMO Style"" agro ranges for enemies (Kinda needed in most areas)-Very few mounts and pets you can get normally in game-No way to easily communicate during combat-Player-made guilds are account-based, not character-based-People can easily (and accidentally) steal your kills, and in doing so, steal your loot and experience-People aren't honorable in PvP, causing the fun and challenging character builds to be useless, stupid, and suicidal in PvP. Prepare for a painful amount of ganking in Cyrodil.-Lack of sweetrolls (Couldn't think of anything else)--Things that I would like to see (MY OPINION)-1v1 dueling between members of the same faction (They added it!)-Player housing where players can either purchase upgrades or build it themselves (possibly using racial styles?) (They added it!)-The ability to lock your guild to certain factions (For example, a guild is locked to the Ebonheart Pact, so a charcter in the Aldmeri Dominion doesn't have access to that guild)-More mounts and pets that can be aquired normally through questing-The function to go through a certain instance ALONE-Some sort of ""Voice to Text"" system-More sweetrolls (MORE OF THEM)This game is great, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone. It's completely worth the sixty dollors its normally on sale for."
,Recommended,306130,29936566,Posted: 14 February,all,Caramel Frappe,"I heard bad things about this game during launch ... and boy was it a mess. Mixed reviews mostly, but I would say a good sum were negative with good reasons behind their statements. So I decided it would be best not to touch this game. Three years pass, and many, and I mean MANY changes have been made. Hearing about it's major updates and making my friends very satisfied with the game's current state, I decided to give it a go.So, was it worth? The short answer is ... Yea, very much so. The long answer?Pros:Game is beyond massive ... you will unlikely explore everything even if you play this game for weeks.Every class is fun, with unique mechanics and much variety to make your character stand out.Graphics are quite amazing and detailed, hell it might even top vanilla Skyrim's graphics.Main quest, guild quests, and important quests are all very interesting to take part in.Addictive gameplay when it comes to fighting, and you will probably love the combat system.Can invest in being a baker, blacksmith, wood carver, ahchemist, enchanter, and much more.Unique cosmetics like having a pet, having a horse, having unique armor pieces and more.Character creation has just enough to be satisfying and making your character stand out.Can play with friends, do PvP in a massive zone, and co-op to your heart's content.Each faction is vastly different than the others, making you want to try each one out.Atmosphere and the environments were astounding to check out.NPCs, the story, the plot, the lore, ect. matched my expectations perfectly.Voice acting, the dialogue, and choices you can make does feel impactful.Books to read that can make you spend 30 minutes on a single book or longer.Dungeons and ruins were incredibly fun to explore in.Multiple ways to level up, and you can continue to level past 160 with many benefits.Most bosses in this game are awesome, and can be challenging to take down by yourself.Plenty of options to play with so your experience in ESO suits your preferences.Cons:A lot of side quests will get old pretty fast, or feel too similar to previous side quests.Each faction only allows you to pick between 3 races. If you want to pick any race for any faction, it's behind a paywall.PvP feels unbalanced, and only works in a tight meta based build which is unfortunate to say.Being a werewolf / vampire in PvP sucks, as you'll die within seconds to Silver Bolts (Fighter's Guild Perk)All enemies in the game scale with you, making progression feel lack luster or abscent.Very easy to get knocked off your horse if you're nearby enemies as an attack is sent your way.Little reason to every buy anything from the markets when you can craft / find better stuff.Most of the hair / armor / great stuff in the online store is quite expensive, turning people off from buying.Can't even buy things straight up, you buy tokens which is annoying to purchase and use overall.Limited options in playing first & third person, can't zoom in much like you could in Skyrim.Multiple bugs, including ones that broke my immersion like when a boss got stuck in a wall.It's an MMO, so there are elements like grinding, backtracking and so on that can be off putting.Although an MMO, it felt more like an Elder Scrolls game overall. While there are flaws and gimmicks that annoyed me, the overall experience and adventure you could have with this game definitely makes up for it. Time consuming, fun, enjoyable, and a game that has dramatically improved since launch ... I can easily recommend this to anyone who's partly into the Elder Scrolls series. I haven't even completed the main game, and I plan on playing this until it burns me out."
,Recommended,306130,23352567,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Diegoabdiel,"I'll say buy it if on sale, if you can get it on sale for at least half price is completetly worth it. I love it for the price that I payed.If you like MMORPG you enjoy this game a lot, it got a lot of content to explore and the PvP is great. Do not buy it expecting to be an elders scrolls sngle player game, because its not. Buy expecting to be a MMORPG in the elders scroll universe.Its buy to play now so you dont need a subcribtion to play each month. Just the one time purchase and is not pay to win. Also most importantly the game feel alive with the amount of players running around.once again buy it if its on sale, because a mmorpg is not for everyone."
76561197971816552,Recommended,306130,24548971,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,デレノア,"Pro:- Best MMO out there at the moment. (Trust me I played them all there is no match for ESO)- No subscription necessary- Action Combat System for each class (Thank god. I can't stand WoW-like ""right click to auto  attack"")- Great Dungeon Design.- Awesome lategame content.- Story has many great moments times 3.- Dialogue is 100% audio. No reading required ;) (Acting ranges from very good to poor)- Not much grinding.- Impressive PvP- Fair progress for non-subscription players.- Fair payment model (subscribing makes you able to buy the content so you don't need to subscribe forever and you still can enjoy the content)- More response to your achievements than in Skyrim (you really feel important at some point)- Many different ways to play a single class (the 4 classes feel like at least 8 classes)- Very challenging/hard bosses in Dungeons and World Bosses.- Many customization options (even for non-subscription players)- Roleplayers and normal players coexist in peace.- Flexible group sizes.Cons:- No AoE Taunts (have fun tanks)- Questing in a group feels odd at times because they become too easy (Dungeons are fun though)- Community isn't as lively as in WoW- 1-2 more classes still wouldn't hurt(This is not a Con in my eyes) High difficulty compared to other MMO's"
,Recommended,306130,15133865,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,GRAND DAD,"This game is quite good,I'd play it all day if I could.It's a great MMO,though reviews are quite low.Little different from the other Elder Scrolls,for example you can't steal no sweet rolls.You can be a Vampire,but makes fire damage real dire,Or a werewolf if it floats your boat,though the Fighters Guild will make you into a coat.Overall the game is great,and the console edition is a little late."
76561198062572725,Recommended,306130,25972998,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Xoninum,"Love this game!Elder Scrolls Online is the best “buy to play” MMO’s that I have. I played it back when it first came out back in April of 2014 when it was a train wreck and was “pay to play”. I’m not going to go into details yet but trust me when I say it was not worth the monthly subscription. However, with many updates and patches the game has made huge leaps to a more entertaining and Elder Scrolls lore friendly game.Changes over the last 2 years that made me re-evaluate ESO.ESO was a monthly subscription game but is now a standard one payment.BOT control and restrictions. Back in the day BOT’s where everywhere and they would steal loot from your kills and teleport to resource points. Basically this is what really killed the game for me back in 2014. Now I have not seen a single BOT in-game.Area restrictions, ungodly dungeon wait times, and gathering the right resources are no longer a thing in the newest 12 patches’ named “One Tamriel”. It used to be that every area had the basic level restrictions, with specific resources only found in that area, and dungeon groups where slapped together based off of player level which lead to huge wait times. Everything is now scaled to roughly the players level. This also scales your resources to what you should need at your level this includes other players. Making everyone equal in terms of level but not in terms of gear and Champion level skills. It effectively takes care of any wait times in dungeons and having to go back to an area to hunt a resource.Mod support is still going strong. There are not a lot of mods but what is there is very useful.Some down sides.The download sizes is HUGE, like 200gb huge once all the updates are applied the actual size is closer to the 85gb specified on the store page. Don’t get me wrong the landscape is B-E-A-utiful and everyone has been voiced but that initial download is a beast all on its own.If you want to sell to other players, there are only two ways to do so. 1: You have to be in a guild and you can only post items through the guild vender. The guild vender is a NPC in game that stays in one location. This is problematic because the vender could be on the other side of Tamriel from you or in a DLC. 2: you can try to sell with the chat box but results may vary. You can still sell things to any NCP shop but you will get pennies selling that way.The DLC and generally all items in the official store page of ESO are very pricy. I Would wait till they go on sale to buy them because not only are they cheaper but they also try to bundle them with other DLC or usable items.The verity of the things you can make is limited in how they look. Most of the cool and exotic skins for weapons and armor you can’t learn until that skill is maxed. It just makes this gap where all the sudden you can create weapons and armor that are made out of different materials with different strengths but they look exactly the same, it’s not aesthetically pleasing.What to expect in-game.The game is gorgeous and game play is almost identical to other Elder Scrolls games. The community is very involved in almost every aspects of the game. There are specialized guilds such as those that do only PvE and PvP but also those like mine that are part of a threesome of guilds that primarily are merchants and make a verity of things from bulk orders to custom orders for the PvE and PvP guilds.The level cap is 50 but once that is reached you start earning champion level and unlock entirely new skill trees. I have found that the game is more fun after you reach the cap because some of the champion skill trees give you a land slide of an advantage in battle. Battle itself is a challenge because like most of the Elder Scrolls games not everything works on every enemy. Making your skill planning more relevant to fit your battling style.The game is solid and I have loads of fun playing it and I plan on playing it for a long time and that is something because I usually do not stick with MMO’s for long."
,Recommended,306130,28536593,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Copil Prost 666,A dude stole everything from a place while the guards were busy fighting me. 10/10 businessman
76561198090837953,Recommended,306130,29575550,Posted: 29 January,all,Deanna,"I received this game as a gift and took to it immediately. I'd played Skyrim for a long time and I'd become a bit bored with it. ESO's developers have outdone themselves with the amazing graphics, depth of the DLC and the stunning world they have created. I am also an ESO Plus subscriber and having this has really enhanced my crafting. It's wonderful to have unlimited slots for crafting items and it's easy to level up within the crafting system. There are many different characters to choose from and three main groups to choose from, completely diversifying your experience.Another bonus is that the community is amazing. While there is the usual ""zone chat"" issues, I have never been disappointed when asking a question. Friendly help is almost always around. Being able to belong to five guilds has opened up a whole world of trading opportunities. The guides and the Wiki have many indepth walkthroughs for those puzzles you just can't seem to figure out. I would highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a great MMO."
76561197991419529,Not Recommended,306130,11369486,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Sploot,"Review updated July 31, 2014:HIGHLY RECOMMEND Elder Scrolls Online, but do not recommend buying it on Steam.A Steam bug had prevented me from accessing the game immediately after purchase, and Steam had extremely poor customer service. I highly recommend buying the game directly from The ESO website, and NOT on Steam. Cut out this awful middle man, save yourself some grief. Zenimax Online's customer service got back to me within 2 hours of filing a ticket. Steam never got back to my ticket at all.As for the game itself? Two thumbs way up. I had played in the beta, got bored after 30 minutes, never touched it since. I came back after reading up on all the things they had fixed, along with incoming features. Suffice to say, this is the best MMO I've played in years.The questing is fully voiced, and the quests are actually fun and interesting, with lots of lore built in. I have to say, it actually really does remind me of playing through an actual Elder Scrolls game! If you take your time to actually enjoy it like you would, say, Skyrim, then you will definitely get that Elder Scrolls experience. It won't be the same, of course, as it's a distilled version mixed with cleverly implemented MMO elements, but it's a great experience nonetheless. I appreciate the developers' efforts to make the levelling fun, and their great execution of the flexibility in skills and builds (two-handler wielding heavy armour battlemage? Yep, it's viable!)I highly recommend buying the game, and giving it a chance. After a few hours, you'll find yourself drawn in if you allow yourself to enjoy the game - read things, listen, explore, have fun."
76561197980970877,Recommended,306130,24165002,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Dughan,"1200 hours... I think I've spent enough time in the world to give my thoughts.I am NOT a hardcore player. I don't want to be max level. Min/Maxing takes a backseat to fun. I don't enjoy rushing through content. I want a living, breathing world that makes me feel like I am a part of it. To it's credit, Elder Scrolls Online does this very well. The world is immersive, interactive and even slightly dynamic (as in it changes in response to player action). ESO also boasts one of the most robust and diverse roleplay scene I have ever come across in a video game to date.The hardest part about the game is the first few hours, when you are thrown into the world with only a minimal tutorial to guide you along. I didn't REALLY figure out how to pick locks in the world until I was well past the 30th level on my first character... and I didn't explore crafting until even after that... but I wasn't at a loss for it. There always seems to be just a little bit more to explore and do on your first character, so much so that it can seem almost overwhelming, as at first glance it looks like a pretty simple game. Therein is the beauty of the game, in my opinion. It has depth without being unnecessarily complex or obtuse. It balances those factors very well, for my tastes, and most people I introduce the game to find the combat enjoyable and the world fun to run around in, if nothing else.The combat is gonna be the thing that either makes or breaks a game, and ESO has hit the balance just right. The action elements are there, but not so twitchy that I feel like I need to be a professional gamer to handle em, the Min/Max elements are there for people who wanna try and come up with ""the perfect build"" and all of it can be tossed out the window if you want to build a crafting character that can't be much more than middling in a fight.Leveling is handled slightly differently than in most other games. The main source of EXP won't come from killing monsters outright, but doing quests and exploring. It's not uncommon for me to gain a full pair of levels in a new area, simply by exploring and gathering resources I find while doing it. Of course, there are ""world bosses"" that spawn at designated locations, and downing them will net you a decent EXP reward and some good loot. What I am saying here only begins to scratch the surface of what the game offers, but either this sounds interesting or dull, depending on the type of gamer you are.What the game does not do is spawn a lit path for you to follow. Of course, you are free to zoom from quest to quest without stopping, but that misses the point of the world. This is a game for meandering. This is a game that WANTS you to ask, ""Huh, what's over there?"" only to find some previously unknown quest line or even just a chest you would have missed had you not been willing to wander. If you play for the destination, another game would likely suit you better... but if you play for the journey, ESO is a very decent game and one I recommend more than just about any MMORPG out there to date. It's gettin a little old, but it's still got lots of years left in it!"
76561198068065140,Not Recommended,306130,31071006,Posted: 10 April,all,Mordeth Kai,"Let's start with the good. The combat is enjoyable for an MMO. The graphics are great. There's lots of story, if unfortunately a quantity over quality thing. Crafting is extensive. And that's all the praise I can think of for it, now the bad.First and foremost, the level scaling is poorly implemented. It's sophisticated, it works, and it makes having a level system pointless. There is no sense of progression with the system, however there is a constant sense of regression as every level gained makes you weaker until you get level relevant gear. Crafting resources also scale to the player, which causes problems if you want to use a high level character for quick gathering. Honestly, the game would be more enjoyable if levels were removed entirely since they serve no purpose beyond making equipment obsolete.The game mechanics revolve around the end game. Lvl's 1-50 are a thing to rush through as quickly as possible to get past what is now the worst part of the game, only after that all there is left is grinding more numbers.Inventory management is atrocious unless you subscribe. If you enjoy crafting, forget it unless you are willing to pay an overpriced subscription fee. If you don't want to spend more time managing inventory than playing the game either pay up or stop looting.Sharing resource nodes and treasure chests. Not all world loot is shared, but having to race other players to a chest or crafting resources leaves players resenting other players being in the game. Most modern games understand that forcing players to compete for loot does not endear them to the idea of playing together and cooperating, nor does it make the community friendly. Fortunately loot from kills and events are not shared and each player gets their own, but it is still a terrible oversight.Story. The quantity over quality approach to quests and content combined with the mechanics revolving around the end game leaves players rushing through dialogue in order to check off the next quest. It doesn't help that the writing is verbose, bland, and repetitive (occasionally has its moments, but rarely) and does a disservice to all the animation and voice acting that went into the game.The cash shop makes it feel more like a F2P with freemium options, with inventory management being the biggest offender. The cosmetics in the cash shop are well priced and have a decent variety, but then the ability to dye costumes is locked behind a subscription. Housing is a massive cash sink but is also easily ignored. Then the mounts all cost $10-20. Aside from a bit of price gauging, this could have been overlooked if it wasn't for the fact that dying costumes and crafting material storage are only available with an overpriced subscription. This is also a bit dishonest since the gameadvertises itself as buy once play foreverbut in fact is balanced to be a miserable experience unless you subscribe.Edit:Just to clarify, I'm not against the idea of level scaling, but I believe the way it was implemented is terrible.On subscriptions, more can be found here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/306130/discussions/0/133262848297559234/Basically the sub crosses the line and goes from enticing people to sub to punishing people if they don't."
,Recommended,306130,32848224,Posted: 27 June,all,Ryuushen,"I bought this game during the summer sale 2017 and this is prolly the greatest buy ever. In the last 5 days. I have completely stopped playing all others game just to spend time in this. 47.6 hours and I have no idea what the hell I'm doing so far. I've been doing some quests which I have no idea if it's main quest or not. I joined Dark Brotherhood and been sending bodies to Sithis -> HAIL SITHIS!WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THIS GAME:- OPEN WORLD -> Literally you can do what ever the♥♥♥♥♥you want in here. So far in my opinion you don't really have to follow the quest. I've been enjoying the game by just going around explore and killing NPCs . . .- ABSOLUTE AMAZING OST/VOICING -> Jfc, I feel like they put 90% of their budget in this area. EVERY SINGLE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ QUEST AND DIALOGUES ARE VOICED WHAT THE♥♥♥♥♥ Holy shjt even just a normal conversation with NPC. EVERYTHING is voiced. Moreover, when I'm tired of playing, I don't even need to quit the game. All I did was pretty much sit in some corner that has NPC playing instrument and enjoy my time. The musics in ESO are so great. From OST to just some songs that NPC singing. It's so amazing. I really really really love this area.- COMBAT SYSTEM -> I would say it's great. Dodge/Block/Attack aiming combat system, I've always like these kind. If you played Black Desert Online before, ESO does require a bit more of aiming. SKILLS TREE -> You can combine and create your own skill set and it's VERY VERY abundant (is it a good word? idk sr). There are so many way you can build your skill set without much of restriction.- GRAPHIC -> I do enjoy the world design and monsters design. Also the skills animation and effect. It's very beautiful in my opinion -> Though I don't really like character design, 7/10 in my score. It's not that bad, just my personal taste, don't pay much attention to this.- STORIES -> OF COURSE, 47.6 hours is NOTHING you know, compare to players who spent thousands of hours. BUT I believe I can say, as expected from Bethesda and Skyrim series. These stories are AMAZING, side quest, guild quest, main quest, they are all so unique in their own ways and it's just great. It's really hard to get boring of enjoying the quests in ESO. -> Unless you get bored by running so far without mount . .WHAT I WOULD LIKE TO SEE IN THE FUTURE:- FLY / DIVE / SAIL -> There is a vast ocean and sky that can be take advantage off. Since this is an open world MMORPG, I really wish to see these features get in the game. Though I think at this point it's kind of hard to bring it in the game. But again, this is just my hope.- CLIMB OVER OBJECTS -> You know that feeling when you underwater and you wanna climb up on the dock but your jump is too short so you can't jump over it? It must be GREAT if the character can grab to the dock edge and climb up. You know what I mean?[That's all I can give so far. Since I haven't played much myself. Though you bet I will spend a lot more time on this game.]"
,Recommended,306130,22820656,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,JaiL,Im done with this game.Ask someone else
76561198105213110,Recommended,306130,32160238,Posted: 3 June,all,Seppun,"I decided from the start that I was going to approach this game as though it was single player. I've played a lot of MMOs (taking a break from 11 years of WoW currently) and needed something fresh. This game has been exactly what the doctor ordered. Everything you've come to love in the main Elder Scrolls series is present; a strong main story line, a plethora of side quests that keep you engaged in the world, the little touches out in the world that make exploration a joy. The addition of the MMO element allows for the world to simply feel more populated and ""living"". Each zone that I discover I spend hours and hours in, exploring them fully and loving every second of it.The combat system is deceptively simple, and does take some getting used to. With so many skills being attaching to your weapon type or guilds, the different classes can start to feel the same which gets a little frustrating.Auction houses are sorely missed, relying instead on using guild vendors and trade chat. Bag space is also extremely limited, espcially for horders like myself. At first I was okay with what became a complicated system of mailing things to different alts, but eventually relented and bought the Plus Membership. The shared resources bag that you get with the subscription alleviated that issue.Overall, a little over 100 hours in to the game, I would give it a solid 7.5/10"
,Recommended,306130,33883715,Posted: 29 July,all,The Specter,"Fun game, but much more fun to play with a group of friends. The game has a great story, but it feels too large to explore. I recommend the game for big fans of the series. If you are a new fan of the series and want an online Skyrim then this is not for you."
,Not Recommended,306130,11382449,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Hurgurka,"I'e been a fan of TES since finding Morrowind in around 2002, and have been actively playing each installment consistently since then, minus of course the mobile titles.This is just a shame, the ""one huge server"" thing doesnt work at all, it's impossible to find people to speak to as most of the time the zone and world chat is like the Tower of Babel, the zone phasing is pointless and serves nothing than to separate you from friends you want to play with.The game plays like an unresponsive Morrowind, without the charm. The skills in game don't seem to have a decent GCD and you can't ""queue"" skills to be used in succession, while normally this would be fine in a single player game, in an online game with latency, it's important to have some leeway with timing.Multiple times I found the music and ambient sounds just stopping for no reason, I found an Argonian blacksmith with the soundbank of an Orc blacksmith and occasionally my weapon wouldnt make any sound whatsoever when in use, not great for a bow user, especially when half of the time my arrows didn't even appear after being shot.Further to this, the game would often just fail to load an area and I'd be looking at an empty camp for 30 seconds while the game tried to remember who to pop in there, i'd load into an area only to be attacked by enemies that hadn't even rendered on screen yet.Not to mention missing models in game that are just placeholders of a big red box that says ""MISSING"" 3 times down either side, way to break immersion by just not including all resources in the initial download, no Zenimax, i'm not going to trawl your support forum looking for files to drop into my directory.Honestly, if you can bring yourself to download this, which is (I believe) currently one of if not ""the"" biggest download on Steam right now, then try it just to make sure you don't like it, sort of like you would with pegging or dripping chilli sauce onto your eyeball, just make sure you cancel your subscription before you're charged.Having said that, if my £50 helps to develop Fallout 4 or TESVI then I can let it slide.Treat this like you treated Redguard, it just never happened, and we shall never speak of it again."
,Recommended,306130,11781630,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Dorgarr,"WhenOblivioncame out, people expectedMorrowind 2.0WhenSkyrimcame out, people expectedOblivion 2.0WhenESOcame out, people expectedSkyrim 2.0I would say that ESO is more likeOblivion:OnlineI mean that as a good thing, as Oblivion was my favourite Elder Scrolls.ESO adopted and improved the best Lockpicking minigame from Oblivion.ESO's Racial and Architectural diversity is a lot likeOblivion's. Its not a gaggle of Nords and Dunmer likeSkyrimorMorrowind.ESO abandoned Skyrim's equipable and underpowered magic system in favour of a hotkey system, meaning you can fight with a greatsword or Bow and still use magic, just like in Oblivion.The main plot of Oblivion was basically rebooted in ESO, I would argue, more effectively so.Molag Bal is a better villian to attempt to take over Tamriel than Mehrunes Dagon was in Oblivion.In my opinion, Anchors are more intimidating than Gates.The graphics are amazing, you can revisit Skyrim, Cyrodiil, or Morrowind without commiting to one Province's climate.The voice acting is phenomenal. Every single character is voiced. You won't only be hearing the same three people putting on accents to sound like Nords or Khajiit, you will hear iconic voices likeJohn Cleese, Bill Nighy, Michael Gambon, Malcolm Mcdowell, Alfred Molina,and another 70 professional voice actors. I am spoiled after playing this game, I can barely read my own review without expecting to hear Dumbledore or Doc Oc telling me about how I'm the chosen one.Which brings me to my next point, all of the ""Main Quest"" missions where you encounter characters who interact with your personal progress are Single Player Instances. So you WILL NOT see other players talking to the Prophet. As far as you know, you are the only""Souless One"", just like you thought you were the only""Dovahkiin"", ""Champion of Cyrodiil"",or""Nerevarine"". Also, the entire world is instanced in a way that prevents you from seeing players who have saved a city from destruction until you, yourself, have also saved the city.Most importantly, an Online Elder Scrolls is constantly being updated and patched. Overpowered exploits and glitches are fixed on an ongoing basis, you can't cheat your way through the game like you could in Morrowind or Oblivion. No more rushed questlines leading to plot holes and half-baked concepts, like in Skyrim.It's notSkyrim 2.0,It's Better."
76561198010895187,Recommended,306130,14959034,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Theryl,"I played during beta and was thoroughly unimpressed. I reinstalled on whim a couple of months ago and was pleasantly surprised to find that the game had much improved. While it's still not the Elder Scrolls MMO I would have designed it's still very good and the removal of the monthly sub makes it worth keeping around.Random points:It's still a thempark MMO, with all the pluses and minuses that entails.The justice system is fun and adds a lot of flavor.Going off the beaten track is worthwhile to find things most people will miss.Elder Scrolls fans will find plenty of juicy lore bits."
,Recommended,306130,19482606,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Danziir,"During its one and a half years of existence, this game has drastically improved.It got a lot of hate online, mostly from players who tested it during the free Beta, and when I tried it during the beta, I didn't pick it up afterwards either. But now, you don't need a subscription to play, and the steady updates made the game much more enjoyable.I've been playing on a non-steam version for a while, before I picked it up on Steam.Here's a list of what are, in my opinion, the pros and cons of the game:Pros:+Huge hand crafted map, way bigger than any previous Elder Scrolls+Lots of side quests and NPCs interactions+Solo player friendly: if you don't like MMOs, it's fine, just play on your own for a classic Elder Scrolls experience+The PvP system is really well made : fight for your faction in a huge open map, take the enemy forts and scrolls to bring victory to your cause!+Fair microtransaction system: you don't need to buy costumes or mounts : you can get some by playing the game+The crafting and motif system is great : you can craft powerful AND beautiful armors and weapons, and choose their appearance+The game is absolutely gorgeous, the landscapes are breathtaking+The soundtrack is as good as ever+Curiosity is rewarding: there's a lot of thing you can find if you take the time to explore everything+Modding is really easy: there's a lot of mod to improve the UI, the map, etc... (to start modding, you can go on ESOUI, or download Minion, a modding client for ESO+The DLC are really complete, Orsinium gives you access to a whole new zone with its own main and side quests+You can now freely travel Tamriel with all of your characters!+The lore, as always, is great. You get to play in an era never explored in an Elder Scrolls before+Forky's back!Cons:-It's a MMO, so there's a class system, which can be a little restrictive, but joining NPC guilds and groups can give you acces to new skill branches, so you can work around it-The game is not optimized for high end graphic cards, so you might experience lower FPS than you would expect-The voice acting gets a little redundant: after a while, you start recognizing the same voices-The NPCs animation are a little stiff-I didn't enjoy the main quest a lot, but I didn't enjoy it in Oblivion and Skyrim either, and you can just ignore it-Heavily populated PvP campaign can get guite laggy-This game involves cheese, stay away if you do not like fondueTo conclude, a tip to enjoy this game is to play it without trying to level-grind or optimize your characters: everything is viable, you can play anything from khajiit stealth archer to orc mage until you get to endgame, so just try to have fun!"
,Recommended,306130,30435692,Posted: 10 March,all,Molinaro,"After 100 hours, I have finally designed my character and started playing."
,Recommended,306130,24368710,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Jazz,bought it for christmas... played nothing else since then...
76561198156855460,Recommended,306130,26115474,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Maxisverygood不気味です,300+ hours and I just hit endgame and I still haven't even done half of the content that this game has to offer. Definitely worth the money.
,Recommended,306130,29766272,Posted: 7 February,all,Boulder Dash,The new free home decorating update lets you hang horses from the ceiling. 10/10
76561197960802466,Not Recommended,306130,18192827,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Egoops,"After returning to the game after a long hiatus, which was based on it not being worth paying a subsciption for, I have decided to write a review. I have not read any of the other reviews here so there may or may not be overlap, but I wanted to say how I feel about it.-The game in its current form has exceptionally good graphics, easily the best in any MMO I have played.- The generic user interface is simple to the point of not displaying pertinent information until the game thinks you need    it. ie, your experience bar...-Targeting in combat is clunky and sometimes difficult, but get in a group for a dungeon and, for all of us not so not so autistically good at games, downright frustrating.-There is no gui to show buffs/debuffs/hots etc. This may be linked to a greater feeling of ""realism"" but they do in fact exist in the game, and there is know way to tell unless you enter the character screen and check. This of course does not apply to dots or debuffs on enemies, you just have to have faith they are there.-The quests are ok the first time around, but try them the second go through and they become so tedious you actually get frustrated.-The bank tabs require you to quit and re-enter multiple times in order to move items around. This may sound trivial, but it gets really annoying if you forget something or are emailing items from two bank tabs. And the cost to upgrade those tabs is the highest I have seen in games I have played.-Money generation in the game is very very slow, so slow in fact that you are forced to join trading guilds in order to make any significant amount. This is all well and good I suppose except even that mechanic is based on your luck at finding or salvaging items other people will buy. At higher levels you make more gold, but by then it becomes about tweeking your character, instead of say, buying materials to build sets for leveling.-The versatility of the crafting system is really good. The major problem with it is that you can't really outfit another character that does not share your item types. For example you create a medium armour character and research all of the intrinsic traits (which could take months btw). If you then create a heavy armour class, by the time you could make them named sets (due to research times) you would level out of the zone and usefulness of the items.- the majority of the armour sets are ugly or boring, and the modeling for many of the pieces is so bad they justhang in mid air.- ***Items purchased from the crown store only apply to the character that purchased it. Thats right, if you want daedric crafting styles for all eight of your characters be ready to shell out $120.... and there are four different crafting styles like this, or five I cant remember.- It is probably no accident that they are the nicest looking sets in the game.- The endgame is ridiculous and designed to eliminate the need for zenimax to create more content. I wont say why due to spoilers, but you will get it if you make the mistake of buying this game.*BUT THE MAIN REASON TO NOT BUY THIS GAME IS THE TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE*Allow me to explain. When I first purchased this game it was still subscription based and I did not own a credit card. This was simple enough because it came with a free month of game time. After my purchase I discovered that in order to activate that free game time zenimax required me to link a credit card and they would attempt to bill it to make sure it was good. I sent out an email explaining my situation, and asking why I would need a credit card for free game time. The response took I believe two days to arrive and when it did instead of solving the problem tried to offer other billing solutions. It took quite awhile ( I believe four or five days total ) I finally got a representative to offer me a key that allowed me to play the game on just my free game time. I suppose I should be grateful they did anything at all, but I was now five days behind the friends who bought it with me.The next blow came quite recently and is the nail in the coffin for me. After reporting an instance where I was constatly falling through the world, I received and email informing me that I had violated the code of conduct in naming my account. There was no recognition of the bug report, no reply to the incident at all, just an emaill that looked very much like a punishment for doubting the zenimax gods. Again, all responses took days to arrive until the final day in which I was told in no uncertain terms that if they decide something that is the way it goes. Period.This is the short list, there are also inconsistencies in the lore, bad textures, long load times when entering zones and buildings etc etc. I would suggest you read all the reviews here in reference to this game, but keep in mind that depending where you are the price has not come down permanently since launch and the its pretty pricey for a two year old game."
,Recommended,306130,29627921,Posted: 1 February,all,ReggaeShark,"Für alle die das Spiel nicht per Steam Installieren können folgt einfach dieser Guide//For all Guys who cant install and Play ESO on Steam Follow this Guide:I had this problem, but I managed to workaround, follow what I did:1. Install the game2. Start the game and and wait for 100% or Java VM error3. Open the file ""C:\Users\%username%\AppData\Local\Temp\I1450920007\InstallerData\Disk1\InstData\Resource1.zip""OrWin+R %appdata%4. Copy the folder ""Launcher"" that's in ""$IA_PROJECT_DIR$\src_path"" to ""C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\ZeniMax Online""5. Delete the FILES from the ""C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\ZeniMax Online"", leaving only the folders ""_CommonRedist"", ""Launcher"", ""The Elder Scrolls Online"" and ""The Elder Scrolls Online (Steam).app""6. Open the launcher at ""C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\ZeniMax Online\Launcher\Bethesda.net_Launcher.exe""7. Close everything after the Launcher is updated (only the Launcher, you don't need to update the game yet)8. Run the steam file checker (Verify Integrity of Game Cache)9. Launch the game from Steam panel"
,Recommended,306130,24931273,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Assbad,"TESO and I have had a very rocky relationship.Our first date, during the beta, was a complete disaster. It was so incredibly dull and limited, and I had to pay for my own drinks! I was happy to lose the game's number and didn't look back for a long time.Some time last year, when there was a sale, I skimmed through the patch-history and noticed that ZOS have implemented a lot of changes that made the game more elderscrollsy, like a proper crime-system. I decided to buy the game after all, and I've since gone back to it three times.The first time I played it after my purchase, I was kind of surprised how slow the leveling was, and soon grew tired of it.The second time I played, I couldn't decide on a class to play and ended up just crafting and getting bored.The third time...the third time was indeed the charm. I still haven't reached level 50 on one character after 125 hours (highest level char is 35, 4 total chars, 1 dedicated crafter), because I keep jumping between all of the classes and do all of the quests- the classes are all fun within their limited scope. I'm a very experienced MMO bittervet, but this game has been like a second spring for me. Often I deafen on mumble and turn up my speakers, with ingame-music off, and just listen to the storms, the ambience, etc. of the game-world. Visually, too, this game is often impressive and immersive. All the quest-dialogues are voiced, and the DLCs they've been coming up with have been largely solid, with a promising future on the horizon (One Tamriel, housing, etc). The gameplay is pretty average, some of it feels great, some of it feels awful, it evens out. How much mechanical challenge do you really expect from a game offering 2 skillbars of 5 skills?I would recommend this game to anyone in a heartbeat (now that it's B2P), who wants to play an MMO casually, and for the sake of experiencing a fantasy world. If you are like my usual self and want to be competitive in an MMO, be it PvE or PvP, you might want to give this one a miss, the studio running the game seem to either be understaffed or inexperienced, as a lot of even long-standing bugs aren't being fixed (including big things like the LFG-dungeon-finder) and features that have long become standard in other MMOs are still missing from the game. Maintenance duration is often unclear, there are server-issues at times, and latency to the server often isn't the best.5/10 if you're a competitive and demanding gamer*, 9/10 if you can just enjoy the ride TESO offers and have a forgiving soul (and disposable income for DLC).*I have looked at some endgame dungeons and they looked alright, I think you can find challenge in PvE in this game for sure, just maybe not to the same extent as other games of the genre."
,Recommended,306130,26664333,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Gry,"Best MMO I've played by far.+Complex skill/character system that allows for almost any type of build.+Large open areas and a decent story with every npc voiced.+Awesome dungeons and pvp.-Very large download.-Quests can get boring and repetitive, expecially if alone."
,Recommended,306130,25638206,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,jessyjane777,"I was really hoping to get into a fun MMOBut I was also really wanting to reply Skyrim...BAM ! ESO :DHonestly, I spent the extra 30 bucks for Gold Edition. Very much worth it. I started with a horse and got to play the best thing in Elder Scrolls (theives guild).Some areas will be more populated than others, and the amount of people online varies with time of dayBut thats any MMO... But unlike other MMOs, I can go for hours without feeling like I'm running into other players.Player idle animations (when other players are looking at their inventory or quest log) look like adventures searching through back packs or reading books. I really liked this touch.If you are looking to feel emersed in the Elder Scrolls universe, but hate MMO over crowding and text walls.ESO is the game for you. (All quests are voice acted!!). Camera perspective plays out just like other Elder Scroll gamesIf you are looking for a great MMO that moves away from boring grinding, then ESO is the MMO you been waiting for :DQuests progress you at a good pace, and some quests will even scale with you. So you feel challenged but not too under powered (or vice versa).Elder scrolls online is an amazing game. Nothing comes close to the experience I want out of an MMO than ESO."
,Recommended,306130,34407227,Posted: 21 August,all,Ares the Foxy,"Great game play, with so much to do. You really dont need the DLC's right away til you play for a while. Also the main quest story line is so awesome. Im so glad I gave this game another chance"
,Recommended,306130,30582766,Posted: 17 March,all,DGMermallo,"I've been with it since beta, and as an honest player I can say that the game is good if you're willing to spend time with it and learn it. The game had some rocky times, but it has recovered greatly, sure it still has problems but name a game that doesn't. The game has interesting and exciting content with hours of fun and adventure, which is what any Elder Scrolls game offers. It isn't the traditional play style of other Elder Scrolls games, but as an MMO it brings a new playstyle which, I personally believe, outshines many other MMO's out there today.If you have the time, money, patience, and love of Elder Scrolls lore, I think this will be a buy you don't regret."
,Recommended,306130,25703110,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,The_Iron_Minotaur,"Before we begin. I will just admit this right off the bat. Yes, the hours that I currently have and will have will not cover everything. I understand that, However. I did play the console version for more than the hrs on the PC version. With that being said. Let us begin with this review..Now to really start this review off. If your expecting a ""singleplayer"" experience. Like what the titular series is known for...stop reading this review. This is a MMO that has gone to ""Free-to-Play"" in the sense where if you buy it once. That is it. Just set up your ESO account and all of that stuff. And you can play ESO without the need for a subscription. Of course, there is ESO plus but that is purely optional. I also like to point out with the release of the Gold Edition and the One Tamriel patch. It makes the game much more worth it. Along with all the patches and improvements they have made. This game still has a long way to go. But i have confidence in Zenimax Online.The game starts off in the realm of Coldharbour. You are a ""prisoner"" of the Daedric god Molag Bal. Once you escape to Tamriel that is when the game truly begins. Each faction has their starting location, races, and classes to choose from. The game is amazingly beautiful with great visuals and artistic look, a great soundtrack and a great cast of voice actors and actresses. Everything you remember in the singleplayer experience of the Elder Scrolls is alive and well in this game.And lastly, This game has mico-rtransactions and a very ""busy"" PvP area. So keep those in mind. There are a lot of side activites, quests and stuff to do overall.So if you want an online experience to your Elder Scrolls. I recommend getting ESO. If you were hoping for a ""singeplayer"" experience much like Skyrim...it's best to avoid this. This isn't that kind of game you were looking for."
,Recommended,306130,30399748,Posted: 8 March,all,TITOMOSQUITO187,Pretty good game I guess.
,Not Recommended,306130,16969648,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,MarioDragon,"This negative review is AFTER Tamriel Unlimited was released. I wish I could recommend this game... But as far as the bottom line goes, it's your generic MMORPG with an Elder Scrolls skin. Extremely disappointing.If the game wasn't completely predictable, meaning if every area and event weren't exactly the same, ESO might be fun. Instead all you do is follow one pattern: get a main quest which leads you to a new area that has a series of side quests. You complete these side quests until you're high enough level to do the main quest, and then the process repeats in each and every area. After 33 hours I've hit maybe level 34 while playing with my friend and have yet to run into a compelling, fun, challenging boss during any questline. Every boss was either the exact same piles of bones as the last one, some skeletons, or a 'strong' magister that terrorizes the land and!... dies in 5 hits.There's next to no challenge in this game. I've only died when I screwed up, whacked a guard, then got pummled to death in 5 hits with no chance to react. Sneaking around guards to sell stolen goods is fun. At first. After the 50th time there's a clear and obvious pattern that you follow for 100% success which, in turn, makes stealing boring with no worry of consequences. How is this true to the Elder Scrolls style? The health and stamina bars may be Skyrim, but the skill system is totally watered-down MMORPG with small trees and limited choices. The lore might be Elder Scrolls, but the method of storytelling where you just can't give a crap is MMORPG. Anytime there are books or scrolls you're bombarded with 2000 words of text that you just can't be bothered reading, even though I loved reading books in Oblivion and Skyrim and Morrowind. The combat is... sadly, MMORPG, and feels like you're slicing through cardboard because there's next to no feedback on the attacks. Monsters spawn in dedicated locations, removing all randomness you get in Oblivion of running into a minotaur or in Skyrim of fighting off a spriggan or Morrowind of dying to some random mage in a cave.In the first few areas the buildings have the exact same layout. Why? No one can explain why to me. Laziness on the developer's part? There wasn't a sense of grandness in the lore being told and I really had no reason to pay attention anyway because of the horrendous voice acting. Seriously, this bothered me the most. A few characters are good (and for some reason the same 3 guys do all the major voices, did Zenimax not have the budget for more GOOD voice actors?) but the generic Kajiit and Argonians sound like they were forced to speak with a stupid accent for a low pay while being passed off as 'good enough'. It's not immersing at all and you just wind up turning off voices altogether to save your ears of their terrible attempt at the Elder Scrolls races. I don't think I've heard voice acting this shoddy since Assassins Creed 3.Besides that all that, it's a decent run of the mill MMO with Elder Scrolls thrown in. There's a lot to do, repetitive though it is, and the graphics are cool. Now that there's no subscription it's definitely worth $60 and a playthrough since you get more out of it than you do on say Call of Duty single player but I couldn't stick around till level 50. Even having said it's worth $60, I can't recommend actually spending full price on it. Wait for a sale."
76561198130677013,Recommended,306130,29976683,Posted: 16 February,all,justee2000,"If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato. It used to be a bad potato, but now it is a good potato. Basically, it is a good potato."
,Recommended,306130,26624643,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Scoopy,"When this first came out, everyone went ape sh*t thinking it was going to be Skyrim multiplayer. It's not. It's an MMORPG. And at first, with race and faction locking the regions you could travel to, it really felt nothing like an Elder Scrolls game, more like a crappy WOW. But the new update  changed that. You can go wherever the hell you want, and be whatever race you fancy (argos for world domination). It gave the game the Elder Scrolls open world we love. However, while I enjoyed the game, I basically stopped playing completely, because every new, cool expansion, I go: ""Oh wow thats awesome, maybe I'll start playing again."" Then I look at the price tag, and go back to Skyrim. 7/10."
,Recommended,306130,15649744,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,C#Shared,"Absolutely rammed with content, and since the subscription drop and a welcomed addition of the Crown Store, Elder Scrolls Online finally feels like the game it was set out to be. Having recently completed the main storyline I can tell you that this is a superb game, surprisingly good graphics and excellent dialogue.  I was worried that the story wouldn't live up to the Elder Scrolls reputation but it truly delivered.Addictive as hell and one of the best ""worlds"" I've ever been sucked into! Highly recommended."
,Recommended,306130,27174383,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ξ.T.,"Never played an MMO before because this one hates subscriptions and grinding, but this one tried this game in the free weekend and was so pleasantly surprised how good it is; graphically beautiful, huge world, hundreds of quests that one can do solo and one doesn't need any subscription to enjoy the game.It is also more enjoyable to this one because this one loves the lore and the universe of the Elder Scrolls games, having played Morrowind, Oblivion and Skyrim. In this MMO they can visit some of those places and there's just so much to do, and they can do it almost all solo if they like, which this one likes.Khajiit has wares if you have coin."
,Recommended,306130,28986984,Posted: 3 January,all,The Trooper,"I played it a little, it was fun"
76561198131947108,Recommended,306130,31900933,Posted: 22 May,all,Ǥ³ || Sir ValkΨrie,"Well, if you look at my hours of playtime I can tell you that,this game is a form of addiction, you just cant stop playing because of the continuation of exploration and events that come along, as well as pve/pvp. Nobody in this game is 100% completed in this game because it has so much to offer.I've played every class fully, and I'd recommend this game of its amazing creation of this game.The only negative about this game is that PvP has alot of bugs and still needs fixing, but further no issues on any other playstyle.I give it a 9/10"
,Recommended,306130,24117225,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dino,"I played few hours,seems like a good game."
76561198255552153,Recommended,306130,25207888,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nejat Molla,"This game has the best quests in an MMO. Even optional quests have some depth. It's all voice acted, and NPC's say a lot of stuff. This is why the game is about 60 GB. In every allience you meet with different people and do different quests.I bought it on 50% sale and i don't think you need imperial edition."
,Recommended,306130,26024537,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,◣🅰◢,"Hi all,Before reading my Pros and Cons about ESO. I personally recommend this game, worthbuyingplaying it.According to my point of view, I have written ""+ves"" & ""-ves"" of ESOand with *** I mentioned items (Can be purchased through Crown Store (Real Money))Pros:+ Character Creation+ Voice Selection (8 voices to select for your character, choose wisely :)+ Race & Classes+ Quests+ Voice acting+ Big world to explore+ Recent Update ""One Tamerial"" no Level Restrictions and Server Selection (US or EU)+ Armour & Weapon Designs+ Other Outfits ***+ Character Personality ***+ Special Mounts ***+ Character Experience Scaling+ PVP (One Tamerial Update ""Now you can Duel with anyone anywhere"") Note: watch out for nearby Enemies+ PVE+ Skill Tree - Changes your play style (play your mage melee or rouge with staffs)+ Special Skills like be Werewolf or Vampire+ Guild Skill Tree+ Spells & Particle Systems+ Treasure Loot+ in-Game Acheivements+ DLC ***+ XBox Controller Support+ Pets ***+ Polymorph rewards for completing quests+ Festival Events+ Dying Costumes+ Emotes+ Graphics+ Some Addons+ Friendly High Level Players (According to Players Mood, it may vary)+ No Subscription Required (You could enable the Subscription anytime if you want special benefits like Double XP, etc..)+ ESO can be played without Steam Client (If you bought through Steam) I'm saying this because some might have slow internet connection or concern about their FUP so you could just exit steam and Launch the Game directly. Note: If you want your game playing time to be tracked you have to play through Steam Client. Beacause I'm playing The game directly so steam can't track my game playing time.*Sorry If I missed any Positive game elements of ESO.. Maybe I haven't explored it..-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cons:- Maintenance Time 8 hours (most of the maintance were scheduled in day time)- Maintenance for Removing exiting Bugs and Create new one (for eg. After the recent maintenance, if my character personality is enabled sometimes my character use to stand on the horse while riding.. This was not happening earlier.. Hope it will be fixed and will receive a mystery bug soon)- Limited Mounts purchasable through in-game gold- No Barber shops to change your character's hairstyle (You have to purchase through crown store)- Some of the Crown Store Items are highly priced- If you bought a costume through crown store you cant dye unless if you purchase the dye directly from the crown store (But ESO plus members can dye the costumes)- Need more game elements too be added in-game for purchasable using in-game gold (like mounts, outfits, accessories etc..)*Sorry If I missed any Negative game elements of ESO.. Maybe I haven't found it..------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Neutral Points+/- Game Size  60+ GB (if you have high speed interent Connection then go for the digital copy otherwise go with CD)+/- Sometimes you may experience playing Elders Scrolls Online as Playing Single-player Online (Skyrim Online)...+/- Timer for Carry Capacity, Riding Skill & Riding Stamina... Actually ESO team might thought this timer will encourage the player to log-in daily, to increase the mount speed/stamina/carry capacity... Some might found this timer interesting.. But, I felt bored of the timer and atleast they could use some level restrictions to learn or reduce the timer or using some black market for high in-game gold...-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I would recommend you to play Elder Scrolls Online to expereince further... If you're about to buy... go with Gold Edition it contains 4 DLC game packs, Palomino horse mount, 500 crowns to spend in the in-game Crown Store. You can't play withImperial Racein ESO Gold Edition.. You could upgrade with Imperial Edition to access Imerpial Race in-game... It's all up to you to buy it or ignore it..Thank you for your time..Have a good day :)"
,Not Recommended,306130,18185030,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,ImmortalCookie,"still downloading .... and now I can't even get a refund because I apparently passed 2 hours playtime   -_-EDIT : If you bought the game from Steam , don't download it from Steam ... Instead get the CD Key (Right Click on Game -> View CD Key), create an account athttps://account.elderscrollsonline.com/, redeem the CD Key to your account and then download the game. It'll only be 35 GB of update ... If you download from Steam , it'll be 48 GB download from Steam and then 35 GB of patch from game launcher and also sometimes it'll have strange crashes .... My game was crashing on start up.. So I contacted ESO Support and they suggested me to download the installer from their page ... I did that , downloaded approx 40 GB (instead of 48+35 GB) and now it is working perfectly ....TLDR : Redeem the CD KEY in your ESO account page and download the actual ESO Launcher instead of downloading this crappy Steam version ... it'll save you both your time and your bandwidth !!!EDIT : This game is really fun !! But my review will still be set to ""Not Recommended"" because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Steam Launcher ... Buy it from the official ESO Website ... not from Steam .."
,Not Recommended,306130,17850675,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Rag3Quitt,"I am updating this review since it has been quite some time since I wrote it and I felt like I should clear some things up.I'm still keeping this negative to keep the ratings and probably have the comments make sense, but keep in mind the the game itself is getting a positive review from me. I just did this since I wasn't able to review the DLC itself.First of all: I don't know at this time if anything changed massively about the Imperial City DLC which was the reason for me giving a bad review originally (it's still down below if you care). So I won't speak about that as of now.However: I really like ESO.Don't get me wrong. I believe Imperial City was an absolute disaster of design choices when it first came out (and it might still be), but ESO is a great game.The ""One Tamriel"" update was also pretty great. It was in fact something I felt the game was kind of lacking before. And even though I'm not much of an MMO person I still really like ESO. It's fun. It's more fun with friends.That's pretty much all I have to say. It's a good game.(TheDLCIsAFckngRippoffAllrightSeeYaEveryone)¯\_(ツ)_/¯[This is a review for the Imperial City DLC:The way it was advertised I thought there would be a new district in which you get all your quests like in the normal game and a place where you could have PvP as well as PvE.What it was: Me trying to go to the place where I could do my first quest but constantly dying because a ~40 player squad was camping that exact spot so they could kill anything that comes near it.There is no option to turn PvP off or anything like that so the entire DLC area is technically rendered unplayable because even if you'd get your own giant squad the enemies can come in when you're fighting a boss (which will obviously leave you quite vulnerable to attacks since you are already taking damage from something else) and kill you to just take the boss for themselfes so they get the reward for killing it instead.Long story short: The Imperial City DLC is basically prostitution since I just paid money so I could get f*cked by 40 people at once.]"
76561198276243088,Recommended,306130,25976356,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,codieb686,"Don't go into it expecting an elder scrolls game, and you might like this as an MMORPG."
76561197963561614,Not Recommended,306130,11391930,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Shardiru,"First things, first.  I did beta test The Elder Scrolls Online, and did not overly care for the game then.  However, I figured I'd give it another go when it finally went on sale.  BIG MISTAKE.While the game is absolutely beautiful and has an amazing soundtrack, this is not enough to pull this game out of the gutter.   I went into this knowing full well that this was not ""Skyrim"".  Having played MMORPGs for 15+ years now, I was looking forward to the adaptation of the elder scrolls universe into MMO format.  With all the MMOs that have come and gone, you'd think the newer ones would have noticed what companies did right, and what they did wrong.  Zenimax Online is clueless, utterly clueless.The biggest problem is, the game does not know what it is trying to be.  Sure, there are lots of people around, but it still feels like a single player game most of the time.  The group finder tool used to put together random parties for dungeons is absurd, it does not check that the right classes are being put into a random group.  Both attempts I had put me in a group without a healer, making the dungeon impossible to complete.Selling items to other players is a hassle and a real throwback to older MMOs like Everquest.  There is no public auction house like in most MMOs of the last decade.  Instead, there are guild shops.  Items are listed by members, and only available for purchase by other members, severely limiting a customer base.  This in turn has people flooding the zone chats with their wares in hopes of finding a buyer.The crafting system is decent, however VERY tedious.  You would think that the most effective way to level up a craft would be to actually craft stuff right?  Wrong, in ESO, you get by far the most exp by breaking items apart into their base ingrediants.  This itself isn't a bad thing, however, the experience difference is so big, that it makes leveling through creating items feel like a waste of time.  The crafting can not be automated like in most MMOs, so you are stuck sitting there tapping the ""R"" key every few seconds (just like in Skyrim).The combat system is clunky at best for an MMO.  Healing especially is hard to deal with.  After my failed attempts to run a dungeon due to lack of healing, I created a healer and leveled it up enough to do the first dungeon.  It was painful to say the least.  There is no targeting someone and casting a heal spell on them.  Almost all of the heal spells are area of effect based, and target seemingly random wounded allies.  It does not prioritize the most wounded, and with target number limits, more often than not, the people who need healing the most, do not get it.  There are some spells that are single target, however, targeting them is so much more diffficult with this combat system.  Standing still is a no-no in this game, there are always lots of enemy abilities causing you to move.  Casting a spell on another player requires facing them and having your reticule over them when you hit the button.  If they are comstantly moving, it becomes very difficult to actually hit them with your spell.  If they move right as you cast the spell, you instead cast it on yourself, wasting the resources it took to cast it.Those of you that have played previous Elder Scrolls and Fallout games, will know that bugs were commonplace and usually left for the modders to fix.  Apparently that philosophy carries over to the online version as well.  The game is plagued by so many bugs, you would expect it to still be in beta.  I personally experienced a bug that forced me to log out and back in if I killed an enemy using a specific ability.  It left me unable to interact with anything because it thought I was still in combat.  I skimmed through their customer support forums, lots of reported bugs, but I didn't find a single response from their customer service team.My verdict, only play this game if you are interested in the lore, as there is tons of it.  All quests and dialogues are voice acted, which is nice, however, all that voice acting does make the game file size insanely large.  They also reuse previous voice actors.  It felt a little odd hearing one of the commonly used voices from Skyrim in ESO.  Even if you find this game on sale again, it is not worth it.  Judging by the number of guilds full of people dying out due to inactivity, this game will go free to play or shut down completely within a year."
,Recommended,306130,15933429,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,LucySteela~,"If you didn't like the beta, give it another chance. It's so much better than it used to be, and you'll have a hell of a time."
,Recommended,306130,29933991,Posted: 14 February,all,Resoula,"For a video review, click here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1avH5rxrz6cFor a text review, a draft of the script is provided below.The Elder Scrolls Online is a MMO that got off to a rather rocky start when it launched about three years ago. Look up any original review and you'll find a bad game; an insult to the Elder Scrolls series that you should never touch. A lot can change in three years though.If you aren't familiar, Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG that takes place in the Elder Scrolls universe a few hundred years before the third game in the series, ""Morrowind."". In a world where three factions fight each other constantly, each one made up of three different races, you'll find yourself solving quests, doing dungeons, PvP, and just about anything else you would expect from this genre.The gameplay of ESO is very interesting for an MMO. There are action based basic attacks that stay true to the Elder Scrolls series combined with skills that you can stick on a rather limited hotbar with room for five regular skills and one ultimate. So long as you don't play the game in first person then the gameplay is definitely a positive factor. The game was designed for third person with the way it's camera works and the indicators that warn you about certain attacks being outside of the first person mode's field of view. I LOVE first person, but I'm sorry to say that if you play this in first person you're going to have to deal with a handicapped gameplay experience, sub-par animations (Yes, first person has different animations), and difficulty with spatial awareness. In third person though? The game really shines. Each class can use any combination of many skills that adds fun and variety and the ability to mix and experiment to create a build that works for you, and so long as you don't touch PvP, then there's a lot of viable builds out there for you to explore.My biggest complaint gameplay wise is with the crafting. Crafting is designed in a way that you have to research traits for weapons and armor and gather designs for different appearances for them. The researching alone is set up in such a way that it will take you 238 real-time days to acquire every possible trait for weapons and armor. And that's if you are consistently on top of your researching and have already progressed in your crafting skill trees. That's a little ridiculous to me and since you need to do that on every character or designate one specific character for crafting, it's a turn off from the crafting system entirely.This game offers a LOT of content. It took me months to complete everything it had to offer. The dungeons are very unique compared to other MMO's dungeons. They feel notably harder. It's like the game stresses teamwork and communication and punishes you for a lack of organization. PvP is another thing that requires organization. I found that as a solo player, your PvP experience could be not-so-good unless all you wanted to do was run around killing random persons. You need a group to really be able to push any objectives in the three side free for all castle sieging mess that is Cyrodiil.Questing in Elder Scrolls Online is better than questing in any other Elder Scrolls game I've ever played. And to clarify, I've played Morrowind, Oblivion, and Skyrim. The second being my favorite in the entire series. ESO's questing features more choices with more meaningful impacts than any other title in the series. It brings you to more lands than every other game combined and features characters far more memorable. Even better? It's ALL voice acted. There isn't one line of dialogue in this entire game that I could find that isn't voice acted. Every quest dialogue, every miscellaneous dialogue, literally every single line of dialogue in the entire game, and there's a lot of dialogue. Of course there aren't /enough/ voice actors. There's never enough. But there's more than there were in any other Elder Scrolls game. Some of these quests will tug at your heart strings, others will have you laughing your♥♥♥♥♥off, but most importantly, there will be at least a few that you simply can not forget. The game does not lead you to quests though, beware. It's an open Tamriel, and they reward your exploration of it's vast lands with quests and other loot. If you are not one for exploring, it's likely you'll never complete every quest the game has to offer. Especially some of the more hilarious side quests.The graphics in this game are understandably sub-par. Being that it's official release was in 2014 I would expect much better, but being that it is an MMO it makes sense why it is so bad. MMOs are not known for their graphics, except Black Desert. HOWEVER, if there is one thing I can praise about ESO's graphics, it is that it doesn't suffer from the same pop in issues many other MMORPGs do with characters and NPCs popping in thirty feet away from you /as severely/. Even with max view distance, there is definitely something left to be desired. And with this game's lack of and continuously degrading optimization? You're going to need a good computer to maintain a max view distance. And in some cities, 60fps just isn't possible unless you stand at the edge of it and stare out into the ocean rather than the city itself. Also known as Riften.The sounds, special effects, and music are all perfect for the game. I have no complaints, but then again no particular praises either. Housing is a great yet buggy recent addition to the game that definitely needs some work, but offers plenty to do for roleplayers and anyone who likes to customize their own domain including guilds setting up guild halls.Overall Elder Scrolls Online is a great MMO that any fan of the series should definitely buy. The base game alone at $30 can provide hundreds of hours of fun easily, and has already provided me with approaching two thousand hours with all currently available DLCs except shadows of the hist. ESO earns an 8/10 from me. Everything that's good about it is amazing. But with the lack of optimization, glitches that are never getting fixed, and how the servers always break every time a new bit of content comes out? It loses a couple of points. If I felt I could add points for the community I would make it a 9/10 easily, because this game has one of the best communities I've ever experienced in an MMO (As long as you avoid zone chat). It's a fun game with a lot to do, and at such a cheap price, why not pick it up today?"
76561198135042549,Recommended,306130,26666937,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,victoriana_blue,"600+ hours in and I still haven't comecloseto finishing the available PvE content.I've played TES games since Morrowind GOTY first came out and I was initially skeptical of the idea of an online Tamriel. But ESO has everything I love about sandbox games: tonnes of quests, visually & mechanically different zones, environmental storytelling, all kinds of possibilities for creative & viable builds (if you're not a min-maxer), interesting NPCs, and a lot to do as a sneaky thief-type. And I can play with my DS4 controller on PC, so bonus. Itfeelslike an Elder Scrolls game to me, even though reviews at launch said otherwise.This game also got me to try PvP for the first time. I spend 90% of my time in solo PvE - questing, harvesting, trying to climb cliffs - but playing PvP in a large group, raining seige weapons and support spells, is lots of fun and lets me feel useful without constantly dying to 1v1 players.ESO isn't a perfect game, by any stretch. Every major update (every 2-3 months) re-unbalances the game, such that a lot of build advice from six months ago just doesn't work anymore. Finding those last few collectibles without addons is a pain. Zone chat ranges from positive to politics-related trolling, but the ""Ignore"" feature makes that easy to deal with; choice of guilds helps too.(Side note: The recent One Tamriel update has made group content a lot simpler: cross-faction PvE means there are more people in the former ""silver"" and ""gold"" zones, I no longer out-level content by doing ~too many~ quests, and the battle levelling means that I can group my lvl 50 main with a lvl 20 guildie and *play* instead of steamroll all their enemies for them.)tl;dr: 8/10After fifteen years refusing to play any game wtih a subscription fee, I now have an ESO+ sub."
,Recommended,306130,27984971,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,B∆LCH,"So let's begin with a summary about the game, it takes place at the Second Era, one era before Morrowind, Daggerfall, Arena and Oblivion and two ares before the events in Skyrim. The game is set on Tamriel during the Interregnum, a period of time between the assassination of the Last Potentate, Savirien-Chorak, and the rise of Tiber Septim, where there was chaos, bloodshed, and no Emperor on the Ruby Throne. Varen Aquilarios attempted to turn into the Drangonborn for several years in order to legitimate the Throne, he formed a group of five people, named the ""Five Companions"". Their mission was to retrieve the Amulet of Kings to make Varen ascend into a Dragonborn, but at some point one of them, Mannimarco, betrayed the group, revealing his intentions, he was anagent of Molag Bal and it's plan was to merge Nirn and the Oblivion.The Civil-War is based in three groups trying to take Cyrodill, Aldmeri Dominion, Ebonhart Pact and Daggerfall Covenant, depending on which side you pick you'll play at somewhere in the map, but after reaching some level you'll be able to explore the whole map, which is almost the whole Tamriel.Pros:-The game is now pay-to-play, this means that there is no more subscription-It is a way better than a year a go, the game has changed a lot-If you doesn't enjoy MMO, you can play the whole game alone-Crafting, skills and combat are easy to get used with-The DLCs are a good choice, but they are quite expansive-It's always updating, One Tamriel has been released recently, this means you can PvE with other alliances in any location-Not pay-to-win-Awesome community-Guild and trade systems are greatCons:-There's no such thing as ""the choice you make change the role game"", but it's still and RPG-The Crown Store is horrible-You gotta put cash/crown on your account just to buy the DLCs, it would be a way easier and practical if there would be and option to buy them separately by Steam-Crappy launcher, you have to download something around to 40GB on Steam and them when you launch the game you gotta download another 30GB package, there's a trick over here that if you launch the game by the root folder you'll not get hours on Steam, so you can download the packages and play a bit them you think about if you'll continue playing or gotta get a refundIn my opinion the game is one of my favorites, I don't like MMORPG, but this game really got me and makes me confortable playing it. Of course the game is not perferct, there are some things that anoys me but if you are a fan of the The Elder Scrolls series you will enjoy it as much as me! :^)"
76561198061040734,Recommended,306130,31333067,Posted: 23 April,all,Millie,Elder Scrolls Online is my favourite game to play alone at my own pace. Of course its better with friends but taking my time and playing it like a single player game is just better than all the other scrolls games.I don't understand why i like this game.but i do
,Recommended,306130,29874035,Posted: 12 February,all,Seregolas,"I have been a very active WOW player over the last 5 years and now that things have become quite dull in wow, I can say that it was my best decision to play ESO again. The DLCs, the character customization, the way you can build your character and level abilities and professions gives me the immersion I always was looking for in an MMORPG! I can clearly tell that WOW lacks at this kind of aspect and when you look at the world ESO it feels much more vivid and interesting. There is always some kind of adventure around the corner. If you have a few spare bucks, give it a try and I am sure you will not regret it!"
,Recommended,306130,14947868,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,MyMomIsYourDad,I have played this game since the beta and loved it ever since. Now that they dropped the subscription fee this is the best time to buy this game.
,Recommended,306130,19257464,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Lady Kiri,"I really enjoy this game.It has strong smilarities to skyrim which is what initially drew me to this game. Although it's different enough to still be new and exciting.The quests are ALL voice acted which was a total win from my point of view. It is really easy to emerse yourself into this new world.Most activities/quests are soloable, and for the ones you might struggle with the community (in my opinion) is always ready to help. I've had no problems in getting aide to fight big bosses or clear dungeons and everyone is usually pretty friendly.There is a strong RP community if you are so inclined. For those that dislike rp don't worry, they keep it to group chat for the most part and it will not effect your gaming experiance.I have a fairly old computer but have no problems running this game on maxed graphics, the graphics are just a step up from skryim although not that noticably.Combat is fairly smooth, with few bugs.Other pros:- It's FREE to play. No subscription.- the mounts have a more realistic movement which can make some of them look a little foolish (bear and lion). I list this as a pro as I really like their attempt at realism in their animals.- leveling up your mounts carry capacity also increases you own bag slots.- Some of the specialised attacks have amazing animations- some of the scenes are down right stunning (background and foreground)- interface is easy to use and you can play with it hidden, with ease.- crafting is similar to that in skyrim and easy to navigate.- with some quests you get the option to be evil (kill someone) or good (save that someone). This seems to effect what the npc's say to you as you ride past them, but does not effect the quests. It can however effect your rewards for that quest though. ( I list this as a pro because I like having the option to kill an annoying or stupid character rather than save them)Cons:- questing can drag out a little, especially when the quest itself seems a little foolish or pointless.- Player market. Now to me this was a big con. The market is different depending on the npc you talk to as each npc is owned by a different guild. Only the guild that owns that npc may post listings. But anyone can buy them. So unless you're in a guild that owns one of these npc's you won't be able to sell anything for a profit. Not all guilds have this npc either, so be careful when joining that you ask if they have one and where it is. I found this aspect to be a massive pain in the♥♥♥♥♥as I like playing the market and selling my crafted goods in other mmo's as it is an easy and simple way to make gold. I do understand why it has been done this way, and it is an interesting system and idea; but as a new player this was just frustrating as I could not find what I needed easily. Because all the npc's are seperate markets they only sell what the guild posts. They are not universially linked. So you need to go to each one looking for what you need and for which one has the better prices. This can be extremely frustrating as these npcs are spread out through many maps and cities and traveling between them can take alot of time.- LFG system -  doesn't really work. You can sit there for hours and never get a group. It is faster and easier to recruit from chat instead.There are many other aspects to this game that I enjoyed and that I didn't enjoy, but I will still continue to play it and I recomend that everyone here at least tries it once."
,Not Recommended,306130,14938493,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Jestahr,"TESO tries to bring the epic feeling of The Elder Scrolls singleplayer games to a massively multiplayer univerese.The result unfortunately is neither a good Elder Scrolls Singleplayer game, nor a good MMORPG.In trying to cater to both markets the game dilutes each genre to the point neither side of the game is particularly fun.From an Elder Scrolls point of view questing is linear, mundane and non organic. You get the typical MMO style of hubs, with packs of mobs standing around waiting for you to attack them. The story is not very engaging and the cliché repetitive nature of mmorpg shopping list questing comes into play.From an MMORPG point of view the game feels like a shell. No nameplates, poor communication options and a lack of social tools all make the game feel like it was designed from the ground up for consoles. The dungeons are boring, the PvP leave much to be desired and your actions feel like they have little impact.All in all the game is a solid 5/10 as buy2play. Quite frankly you should save your money."
,Recommended,306130,28245868,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Mike,The best you could realisticly expect from an Elder Scrolls MMO.
76561198086928380,Not Recommended,306130,23395578,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Spunkysaurus,"** WARNING***DO NOT purchase this game unless you are 100% sure you will enjoy it,Steam have refused to refund me for this game due to the way it downloads, its around 85gb to download and while the launcher downloads part of that STEAM count it as game play so will not refund you if your download takes over 2 hours"
,Recommended,306130,17331728,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,UltimateRuffles,"Okay, I'm writing this review with 80 hours played. And i have to say i really enjoyed it so far, not everything but that's normal for games like this one. Even after 80 hours i feel like i just started my adventure, and i hope that's true. Most of the time i'm just walking around and enjoying the view until one bad guy shows up and i'll kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him. But after that i'll just run into a random direction and do some sidequest (sometimes you have to do a lot for those and you just want to kill them for saying: ""can you do this litte think for me?"" *ok* ""Yea can you safe my entire village for those bad guys over there?"" *...*.) But, when you're done with the quest you will recieve some items and some money and you will think if maybe it was all worth it. And When you do some sidequest and someone says he's gonna run somewhere you can actually find them at that location later and talk to them. That's something i really really like.the main story, the main story is big. So much story and characters, every faction has it's story and their own way of thinking. When you're in Daggerfall you will hear♥♥♥♥♥♥about Aldmeri and when you're in Aldmeri you will hear♥♥♥♥♥♥about Daggerfall. You can improve skill to persuade people so you don't have to run across the map for them. And by doing the actions you choose, the story will continue with the changes you made.BUT(T) this game is NOT perfect so here are some Pros and cons.ProsStory: It's goodmap: BIGcharacters, smart and with alot of storyMusic, idk i just love it.ConsImportant items/people disappearing: sometimes you need to grab an item but you'll only see a quest mark but noitem.glitches, like getting stuck or small things like windows missing.alot of people who still think this game has a monthly subscription.people thinking this game is still as bad as it was on release.that's all i have to say about this game for now. I'll definetly add more in the future when i reached level 50 or something.bai."
76561198119606939,Recommended,306130,34556407,Posted: 28 August,all,Kameron,"This is my go-to MMO between World of Warcraft patches. If you are expecting this game to be exactly like the actual Elder Scrolls series, you are wrong. The game is basically your average MMO but with an Elder Scrolls theme. If you love the Elder Scrolls series, this game allows you to access areas that the series does not. However, some of these areas require DLC to access so that might be a con for some people. For me, paying for the Morrowind expansion was definitely worth it for nostalgic reasons. The combat is alright but nothing too special. The music is wonderful but repetitive in some areas. Plenty of content in the base game (I don't even have the other DLC's except Morrowind). I would highly suggest this game if you like MMO's or a nice open world to travel around and do whatever you want. If MMO's are not your thing or you think that this Elder Scrolls game is like the actual series, then I would suggest that you find a different game. Regardless of your decision, thank you for reading my review!"
,Recommended,306130,26179746,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Angry Chickens,"Being a fan of the Elder Scroll franchise, and spending more time than I wished, I tamed dragons and built houses in Skyrim especially. Well I took the plunge and bought this while it was on the recent sale being unsure how well my laptop would run it, but it's great. Since this update it really does feel like the free roam world of the older games we all loved, so far I've had so much fun within it, crafting, foraging  and killing the creatures of Tamriel.To be honest a great game worth anyone's money who enjoyed the older games, are unsure or want to try something good in the world of subscription free MMORPG's."
76561197992157793,Recommended,306130,28369150,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Psilocycho,This game must have days of recorded dialogue. The amount of elder scrolls lore in this game is unmatched. As you spend hundreds of hours exploring and learning about the world you will gain an appreciation for the dry wit in the writing and cultural the depth between nations.
,Recommended,306130,28487144,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,PrivateLev,Hands down one of the best MMORPG I have ever played. I forced my friend to play this and now he is hooked :D ! Word of advice don't play this game alone. It gets a lot better when you have some friends to explore the land.
76561198063463164,Recommended,306130,35058864,Posted: 18 September,all,Lorikoot,"Just... stop.. no.. this isn't skyrim 2.0. this is nothing like skyrim. It shames e to see the fact that my faviroute MMO has mixed reviews because of shsort sighted people who play the game for less than 5 hours (take note that it IS in fact an MMO) and then dub it skyrim 2.0. Almost everything is right with this game. Exploration, quests, classes, gear, the only problem is the amount of DLC, but you won't need that anyway until you're super late game. This game had a definite rocky start, but then as updates came, the game improved and ironed out."
76561198074644085,Not Recommended,306130,20058356,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,AfroSpaceJesus,"Don't be fooled by my hours played. This game is incomplete. Bethesda is one of the greatest gaming companies out there and have come out with some serious hits. Furthermore, The Elder Scrolls is one of my favorite franchises of all time. That's why I had to give this game a fair chance. Since this is a negative review, I'll start with the positive. The lore is fantastic. Every quest you do is unique and fun, and it doesn't ever really start to feel grindy. The game's story is fully immersive, and lives up to the expectations that players would have of the title. I credit a large part of this to the five-star voice acting. Next, the action combat system is above average. It's fun enough that a mere four classes is more than enough to have lots of different specs and fulfill any role in the typical rpg trinity (tank, healer, dps). Rolling around like a ninja on your nightblade, or standing in the fray and blasting your enemies with fire as a Dragonknight, the game exceeds in entertaining the typical nerd's thirst for role play. And lastly, the pvp of the game is wonderful. Despite the quests being so good, pvp is where the real fun began. Building siege weapons and tearing down castles with hundreds of other players truly gave me the full sensation of a raid.Now here's where the game fails miserably: it is full, and I really do mean full, of bugs. Whoever they hired to do the programming must have gone to DeVry or something, because every little step you take in the game has a bug. Whether the game lags terribly, crashes suddenly, or leaves you in the dreaded perpetual loading screen, it happens all too frequently. Now, even the very best games have programming errors. But when it's this noticeable, you have to ask yourself whether the people who made the game even cared, or whether they just half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it in order to rake in our cash. Either way, it makes the game incredibly frustrating, and nearly unplayable. For a $50 game that is supposed to be the end of an era of arguably the best videogame series EVER, this is just unacceptable. And for that reason, I cannot in all good conscious recommend it.A very regrettable thumbs down. :("
76561198056466936,Recommended,306130,25185735,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Neutronix⁴⁴,"10/10Overtime ESO has become one of my favorite MMORPGs, and this is coming from an old WoW Veteran.This game has wonderful visuals(graphics) and tones of lore. The community is strong and the games content keeps flowing. ESO is also great for holding you over for Elder Scrolls VI!"
,Recommended,306130,16922409,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Oxolot,"It's a very good MMO, but not a very good Elder Scrolls game."
,Recommended,306130,26061894,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Justin,"ESO, Elder Scrolls Online. A game that sucked at launch, but really picked themselves up. Unfortunately, most people are only seeing this improvement after it's most recent update one tamriel, but while this update makes ESO more like an Elder Scrolls Game, its been a fantastic MMO a while now! Buy this game if you enjoy a good community, a good MMO, hundreds of hours of entertaining content (i have almost 250 and i've probably only done around 1/3 of the content, not even), etc.There always is something to do, whether that be questing, pvping, interacting and playing with guilds, play with friends (yes, they fixed the party system), dungeoning (challenge yourself with varing difficulties), or simply grinding! You play how you want, and nothing (not even the class system) can stop you. All but 3 class specific skill lines are accessable no matter what class you chose (theres a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of skill lines). BASICALLY its a really good game.Sometimes there are some annoying glitches. Questing can get boring if you do nothing else. Dungeon matchmaking takes way to long (if it even works?). Can be annoying waiting for bosses to respawn that were killed by other players.TL;DR8/10   Highly Recommended:- Solid MMO, really fun. Variety of things to do. Very Elder Scrolls-y now. Good Community. Great Guild system. Fun epic PVP."
76561198091094581,Recommended,306130,14111803,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Freakazoid!,Cant wait for March 17th!!!
,Recommended,306130,30292662,Posted: 3 March,all,Willie,First things first I'd like to say that I'm WoW veteran with my whole high school life wasted on it.I bought this game because I was looking for something fresh and I couldn't really justify paying for gametime in WoW while playing couple hours a week.After downloading this YUUUGE thing I was hyped to get in and play but that was not the case. I actually spent over 5 hours trying to get this game to run.First I had to install it in safemode so I'd get past the javascript error.Then I was getting blackscreen everytime I tried to run the game which I ended up solving by redownloading and repatching the entire game(!!!)Then when I finally got to log in screen I got an error that game is not running through steam and cannot login(!!!!!)At this point I was ready to refund but fixed it quite easily by changing settings in compatibility mode of steam.exe and steamoverlay.exe. Basically it all had to be set for admin rights and I was good to go.After surviving this ordeal and actually getting in-game I spent 8 hours straight playing till 5am turning it off only because of exhaustion.Seriously there is so much stuff to do. I never really cared about lore in mmo's since I was always grinding hard to get to the endgame  content. This is different though. Quests are actually narated and you can get really emerged into the story.My plan was to grind to level 50 as fast as possible and get a decent PVE build but now after 40 hours I still find myself wondering around the map doing quests even reading freaking BOOKS I find around the world.So far I have encountered only one bugged quest and it solved itself just by doing other quests and returning to it later.If I don't take into account the horrors I had to go through to get this game started it runs really well and most of it release problems have been polished.I'd recommend this game to casual MMORPG players as well as to hardcore endgame players.I haven't really tried PVP yet since I haven't reached max level but PVE is great and actually challenging.I went into normal dungeon with a group of people and we wiped like 11 times on one boss before learning the mechanics and actually cooperating together to get him down.It was so much more rewarding then WoW dungeons where at this point you just spam spell rotations unless you actually go for a mythic raid.The combat of ESO is very unique unlike any other MMO I played. And I must say I love it. It actually makes you move around and engage into combat instead of just TAB targeting and spamming your spell rotations.I'll be updating this review as I go through the game but as of now I have nothing bad to say about it except: FIX THE FREAKING INSTALLATION!!
76561198130869685,Recommended,306130,29254862,Posted: 14 January,all,PupilsOfSilence,This game is truly the best game i ever played together with skyrim. There is so much to do in it. The story is awesome to follow. The gameplay is great in my opinion. And you can meet people in it. I found several friends for in and out of the game. And i even found myself an wonderfull moirail.Gameplay 10/10Story         10/10Audio        10/10video         10/10Parhaps people will think i did rate this game to high. But for me it was and still is an wonderfull experience. :3
,Recommended,306130,25106787,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Ulfednar,"Best MMO I've played: gorgeous graphics, deep and intuitive crafting system, almost no class limitations, well-written and occasionally funny stories, very little grind, huge, freely explorable world, stisfying combat, you name it. Optional subscription or buying the related DLCs also give you repeatable randomised missions of stealthily assassinating or robbing someone, similar to Thief missions."
76561198051886436,Recommended,306130,16004863,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Wakizashi,This game is so much better after tamriel unlimited
,Not Recommended,306130,13399275,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Donut Lord,"Note: This is a review from an Elder Scrolls fan, not an MMO player.Pros:1) Lore is very good; there are interesting NPC's2) the combat was waaaaaay more better than the typical Elder scrolls combat3) the maps do seem big and wide open, just as we want it (more on this in cons though)4) community actually seemed, well, like a community when I played. Not infested with obnoxious people every where like you might fear (although I'm sure there are Disciples of Sheogorath out there somewhere on the server)Cons:1) People running around CAN improve the experience, but it is utterly annoying/distracting 85% of the time. I know, its an MMO, but when you get stuff like: ""you are the chosen one, sent to a hidden cave that only you know about to defeat an evil only you can stop....'cept, you know, those 20 other dudes strutting around in the same cave""2) First person view is not good; puts you at a signifcant disadvantage compared to 3rd person view during combat3) *The sense of adventure is not quite there* This is a big one. The main gripe here is because of MMO's zoning, you cant go wherever you want, whenever you want. This was a crucial part of what made Skryim seem so big. Also, exploring isn't quite the same--you either find nothing, or you find a start of a big quest. There's no inbetween, small little caves filled with Trolls or small huts where a fisherman was just killed by a bear.4) **Never connected w my character** This one is hard to explain, and it might just be a personal problem, but I figured I might as well list it.I know, I know, those are abstract cons, but hey.If you are on the fence, I HIGHLY recommend waiting until it is $20 on sale. It's not a bad pickup for that, even if you don't end up playing too much of it. Also I've heard that the updates since I've last played are darn good. I hope to get back into this game eventually, maybe before ES6 comes out"
76561197960330605,Recommended,306130,32568133,Posted: 19 June,all,vilda_marina,"Elder Scrolls Online or ESO is an MMO from the game series Elder Scrolls. If you haven't played a MMO but have played other Elder Scroll games just know that this is a tad bit different than what you are use to.ESO gives you full freedom of your character;Want to be a sorcerer tank? No problem.Want to be a night blade healer? You can make that happen!Of course there is min-maxing, how to get the ultimate heals, the ultimate dmg with this and this class. If thats what you like. But you can also tailor fit your character to work FOR you. And nobody will go protest or refuse to take you to a dungeon because you're not using x skill.Economy in ESO is unlike most MMO's, there is no one Auction House but guilds bid on Guild Traders making guilds more of an importance than just a group of friends.The only negative thing about ESO is if you're very poor. Not only is it buy-to-play, it also has dlc's. The DLC's is worth the money, you can buy them in the crown store and unlock them for your account forever. Or you can become a member of ESO+, ESO+ is a subscription type which in my opinion is fairly cheap. You can choose to sub for 30, 90, or 180 days. And during those days you get access to a few features. One of them being an material bank which makes life a lot easier. The other being access to all DLC's.So yes:+ Voice acting+ Fair sub model+ Freedom of character/skill/builds+ Huge world to explore+ Great dungeons (No afking, no lazydodling, you have to dodge, you have to be active and run around or"
,Recommended,306130,28129223,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,john.beemer,"Ignore the release-era criticism. It's so fun. I'm obsessed with it and see myself playing it for years. Really the only MMORPG I've enjoyed like this. For me, a perfect blend of Skyrim and multiplayer. And you can always play it your way."
76561198011771592,Recommended,306130,22524014,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Tiitha,"I didn't think this game would suck me in as much as it did. This game is nothing like all the reviews from 2 years ago, which is GOOD. ESO is heavily quest oriented, and doing all of them in an area usually leaves me being a few levels over the content by the time I have to move on to the next zone. No need to grind at all for experience if you like questing.You can spend HOURS just gathering resources if you wanted. They respawn fairly quickly. There is a skill that even makes them glow in the distance so you can see them from afar, and it's hard for me to resist gathering. Treasuring hunting is fun too, and chests are scattered around to be lock picked, and you can steal knicknacks out of containers to sell to a fence.A few cool things:You can join up to 5 different player guilds at once.You can reset your skills/attributes anytime, for a gold fee.There are multiple ways to expand your inventory, but it does get pricey.Many crafting materials are shared across all level tiers."
76561198136322536,Not Recommended,306130,21955179,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,nathan777745,"Due to the new update, I can no longer play Elderscrolls online. I've spent 350 hours, I spent 80 dollars on the Imperial addition last year. I ran the game on the highest settings possible without a single bit of lag but thanks to the new update my graphics card is no longer compatable and I can no longer play the game I spent so much money and hours on.DO NOT buy this game or you may be swindled out of your time and money such as I have."
,Not Recommended,306130,11322413,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Silenzio,"I played the game for few hours already and compared it to the experience of the other releases (Oblivion, Skyrim )+ The first impression was very good+ Graphics and physics very good, even that some body-movements looked stupid+ Gameplay good but the story not as good as the older releases that would pull you to continue-- Price very expensive compared to the other releases of elder scrolls, even if you compare it other MMORPG in the marketConclusion the game as a game it is very good as a MMORPG, but not as an Elder scrolls game it may have the look of  Elder scrolls but its missing the feel. I wouldn't recommend it"
,Not Recommended,306130,11397871,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,kazereal,"Just like any other MMO out there: simplified, repetitive and linear.You won't find the depth, alternate routes or branching choices found in previous games of the saga.You won't find life-like NPC with minds of their own.Player does not really matter in the world, just another soulless grunt doing what everyone else is doing.Go replay Skyrim or Oblivion instead, don't waste your money or time on this.Edit: Since there are many comments about this I'll revise review by adding description of what forms my opinion of ESO.Point is ESO is too much like any MMO: boring grinding, ""kill X amount of Y monsters"", ""go here, pickup item, return"" and so on. Not much variety in tasks, easily generated in a few scripts with the game engine.Battles are mostly hack&slash with very little tactical elements, even simpler than Skyrim and not even remotely close to what Dark Souls has achieved.That much is apparent from the very beginning of the game.It does not look like those gameplay elements would improve since they are the core mechanic which is given to you from the very start and explained in detail.So ESO does not have enough RPG elements to interest me and my opinion is formed based on what I've described here and thus in described in this review.Case closed.UPDATE: since this is no longer a subscription-based but purchase-once (like normal games) I've decided to look into this more. Unfortunately gameplay is same as before when subscription was in place: for example, you need mind-numbing amounts of grinding to collect crafting materials.These kinds of things would really need overhauling to keep things interesting, it is too shallow and repetitive as it is."
76561198017428332,Not Recommended,306130,11358426,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,activation2c,Yeah! I'll write a review.  I have never been able to play it.  Many times I have attempted to sign in & all I get is 'wrong information' answer.  Changed the password about 6 times.  Same crap. Also the long ID code has stopped working.  $40 wasted on something I can't touch. Steam can take this lousy game & shove it!
,Recommended,306130,15036231,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,lab,"I was wandering around the town with my lads, having a blast.Suddenly a naked Argonian approached us with an offer we couldn't refuse....I paid him to dance naked in public for 50 gold10/10"
76561198145787098,Recommended,306130,25735215,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Necrovis,"Best MMO in the medieval fantasy genre i've ever played. I hold it just as high (if not higher) than The Old Republic. WHich is possibly my favorite mmo. So there's a chance this one trumps it and is my favorite. Not sure though... I'm a star wars junkie. Regardless, this game is simply amazing. I'd reccommend it to anyone looking to have a great elder scrolls experience."
76561198063551328,Recommended,306130,29896899,Posted: 13 February,all,MadSkillz,"After 1600h Iam still enjoying this game. I love the vast majority of landscapes, the good interaction with other players and the Dungeons are fun too. Both in terms of PvP and PvE this game excells in my opinion and I always have a great time playing it."
,Recommended,306130,15221058,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Nekhs,"Let me start by saying I played in the beta. For ... roughly five minutes, before going back to my beloved Skyrim. It simply did not hold my attention at the time.I'm pleased to report that this has changed.The world is expansive and interesting. Sure, it's a theme park MMO - but it's a good one.Let's start with the quests. I've run into very few 'twenty bear asses' quests, and even those that are like that have lore and tie into larger quests, for the most part. Questing is really the best way to level, in my opinion - you can get more skill points that way, and run into more sky shards, lore books, and anchors - more on those later. Plus, it's just interesting. The stories aren't repetitive, and it's obvious the writers had some fun doing what they did.If you don't like questing, there are alternatives, however: primarily, stabbing things in the face. Repeatedly.So let's talk about combat.It feels like Smite, a bit. Every attack is a skillshot, borrowing from MOBA terminology - you have to aim manually, rather than just tab targetting. You pick five abilities, a quickbar item, and an ultimate - and that's really all you can effectively use in combat. Surprisingly, that's enough. You pick your abilities intelligently, and you can do just about anything. Case in point: my level 13 vampire. The vampire quest requires you to kill level 38 enemies. Do the math. If I'd had the right abilities from the outset, I could have been a vampire at ten or less.Which brings me to my next point - the customer service.See, I'd been a little too trusting when I was hunting out an ... alternative life state, let's say. I was offered a chance at being horrifically mauled by a werewolf, and I accepted, eagerly. The guy who specifically offered me a bite, however, demanded five thousand gold up front, something I could barely afford. Still, I was being trusting, and I gave it to him. He then developed a mysterious case of werewolf ED, and couldn't complete the process. In troubleshooting, he suggested I log off, and so I did - whereupon he left group and ran off.This sad tale got me a pity-bite from a vampire player, instead, which was lovely - but didn't get me back my gold.So I reported the fellow who scammed me, thinking it wouldn't do much but vent my frustration.Imagine my surprise when, the next morning, my gold was returned to me with an apology for the negative experience I encountered. The customer support representative did warn me that the market was very much 'buyer beware' and that they couldn't repeat this kindness - but really, getting 'bitten' once should be enough.So that was nice.Other things of note:- My kleptomania is reaching critical mass. I'm making a decent profit by stealing literally everything I can get my grubby little Bosmer paws on. I'm curious if every faction has this many people trying to take anything that isn't nailed down, or if the Dominion - with Bosmer and Khajiit as two of the three member races - just has it particularly bad.- The guards are OP, in other unrelated news.- The game is not pay to win, so I bought a couple of things off the cash shop - cosmetic outfits and non-combat pets. I also acquired the 'any race, any faction' upgrade. It's nice, but not necessary - racial perks are just big enough to affect playstyle, without being game-breaking.- The download feels like forever, even on a fast connection - I don't want to contemplate what it would be like on, say, my 1mbps friend's internet. It's a big download, because it's a big game.- Explore everything. You might find something awesome.- I can't honestly comment on PvP - I haven't tried it yet.- I don't have to pay a subscription to maintain access to Tamriel.- I disagree with a previous commenter - with the sheer volume of weapon, armor, and skill point choices, each of my characters feels and plays differently. I feel unique without being useless, as I try on a nightblade (rogue) tank, healer, and DPS - all separate characters. There's optimal - and then there's playable. Optimal is a small, niche market - you can play anything you want, effectively.So far, there are small things that bother me - Molag Bal doesn't encompass all of the portfolios he's given in this game, you know - but overall I thoroughly enjoy this title, and feel it's well worth the money I spent."
76561198210364985,Recommended,306130,31840515,Posted: 19 May,all,yguy1182,"A little different for a classical mmorpg, nothing about it is like WoW or LOTRO, but its definitely a good step in the opposite direction, I'm gonna say that it's a good amount like your other Elder Scrolls games but in an mmo setting"
,Recommended,306130,11741071,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Kronuxx,"An Overview on what ESO is truly about:Let me start off by saying, that yes ESO does have its flaws, such as difficulty partying with another player at times (not always though), but in the grand overlay of all the other MMO's that are out there, ESO does something unique.It combines an aesthetic world (which by the way can be improved with mods, yes you heard it here) with a great musical score, and years worth of intriguing lore. In addition, while not for all people, its combat is unique and offers a fresh perspective compared to the age-old horrible standard of tab targeting combat.  You know, the combat where you hit tab for your target, then push one hotkey that auto-spams (auto attack) itself until you decided to hit a different hotkey.  I always felt that this type of combat, was non-engaging and quite monotonous. Might as well as grab some popcorn and watch your character attack as if you're watching a movie.In ESO, it's combat is action based, where I defend and attack based on my will alone. Akin to Skyrim, in the sense that I attack when I click the mouse button, I block as well when I want to block, and I even get to dodge when I want to dodge. And my attack doesn't register unless that person is in front of me. Granted, yes ESO does have hotkeys for those unique abilities, but in combination with its action based combat it offers a fresh perspective on combat in the MMO world. And honestly, I prefer this mode of combat. Not to mention I can do this while in first person (although probably not the best perspective while PvPing). In any game, whether it's a MMO, RPG, FPS, etc., you spend most of your playtime during combat and combat mechanics are very important. Some argue that ESO's movement in combat is a little clunky, but they have released patches to increase its fluid motion. I guess this a matter of opinion, but in my eyes it looks good to me.Now on the topic of ESO requiring a sub fee. Here's how I logistically think about subscription based vs. F2P. Yes F2P is nice, in the sense, that well...that game is free. Yet, when a game is F2P, that company needs to make money somehow. So how do they do it? By putting items up on the market that you buy. Now I'm not going to argue about whether this type of method creates a pay-to-win environment, but I will say this. Once they have your money, what's the incentive to keep you? You're not a subscriber, you're not dedicated to them, so why should they obligate themselves to ensure they release a patch on time, or have friendly on-time customer service, or do anything else for that matter to keep you. The answer is they don't have to, because once they have your money, that's it. They can move on and try to entice the next free-playing gamer to give up his/her money. You aren't subscribed to them, so in their eyes, you are not a guaranteed customer. You see, when you make a game for free, it opens the door for more people to try. With more people willing to try the game because there are no repercussions (in this case loss of money), it is much easier for that developer to lose that customer since there will likely be thousands more taking his/her place in playing their free game. Thus a thousand more opportunities to have that player pay for some item in the in-game market. You could decide to give them money one day and the other day decide to leave. Some may say that this is why F2P is better because they then try to produce content to keep you from leaving, but you have to remember that this only shows that money is an end to their means. Meaning, whatever ends are placed in the game, are only placed as a means to get your money, and this is because you are not dedicated to them through a subscription, thus they don't need to be dedicated to you. The focus in this scenario, soon becomes on how to make money off of the player.On the other hand, with a subscription based model, the developer has an incentive/an obligation to keep you. Of course it's because of money, but what company doesn't want money. They need to make a living too. Rather, the point is, that money in this case is a means to an end rather than an end like in the F2P model. Why? Because they need to keep you to continue to subscribe. How? By appeasing/listening to the subscriber through producing content on a frequent basis, solving game bugs, releasing frequent patches, etc. And it can take time for some of these things, albeit sometimes longer than necessary, but more often than not, they are done in a timely fashion. So money is a means to an end to keep the gamer subscribing to their game so that yes, they make more money, but only so they can produce more and better content to keep the subscribed gamer happy and thus continue to receive their subscription. It's almost like you the gamer, share stock in this company that you are paying a monthly fee to. As a stockholder, you contribute to the improvement of this game, in this case I'm obviously talking about ESO.Finally, I'd like to comment on the horrible publicity this game received prior to its release. Sometimes the gaming community can make or break a game, especially when a ""mob mentality"" is created within said gaming community.  In this case, ESO had already been pigeon-holed into essentially two categories.  Either it should play and feel similar to a RPG TES game like Skyrim since it had the branding of TES on it, or it should have the vibe and feel of an MMO.  During beta, and even upon release people had been complaining that it wasn't like Skyrim with a multiplayer option, and yet it didn't feel like a true MMO (on some accounts this is the fault of ESO since grouping with others was initially difficult). But ESO has come a long way from its release with many patches addressing its previous faults, and many more to come of course adding new features, like the justice system. In addition, the bad publicity which seemed to be secondary to the initial toxicity of the gaming community, had turned potential players away from even considering this unique gaming experience.  Unique because it's not like Skyrim, and yet it's not like an MMO and that's what I think is so great about it. It's part single player, and part MMO. For some this may not fly, but for others, this may be exactly what they are looking for.In short, would I recommend this game to any player? As a gamer, to another gamer, I do recommend you try this game out. Although it may not appeal to all gamers, but rather to the one who enjoys an engrossing storyline and lore, decent action based combat, and not to mention a mature community.  You have a 30-day free trial (at least through steam I know this) so why not?"
76561198038477388,Recommended,306130,14862085,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Regan,Absoulutely the best rpg game i've ever played
,Recommended,306130,20898848,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Nathan,"People either really likes or really dislikes this game, I have never met a person that said it was ""OK"". It's either ""an amazing game"" or ""a terrible game, not like Skyrim at all"". And I think that those who dislikes the game was looking for Skyrim with friends, something that this game would never be (they said from the start that it was going to be an MMO, and that exactly what they gave us). The ones that like the game was looking for an MMO, and this game is a unique type of MMO.I hear people say that this isn't Skyrim online, I'm here to tell you that they are right. It's so much more!This game has the gates of Oblivion with the Sigil Stones ans Scamps that follows with it, Ayleid Ruins with traps and Welkynd Stones and the Shivering Isles with Haskill and Sheogorath. If you ever played Oblivion, then this game holds a bunch of nostalgia for you. I couldn't stop laughing when I fist saw Haskill, all I could think about was the Summon Haskill spell you get from the Shivering Isles quest line in The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion.This game also contains the Dwemer Ruins with the Dwarven Spiders and the Dwarven Spheres, the old dragon burial mounds and the Nordic Ruins with Draugrs and puzzles. Almost everything you can do in The Elders Scrolls V: Skyrim, you can do in this game. And you can do a whole lot that you can't do in Skyrim.This game has content from all of the Elder Scrolls games, but I have only played Oblivion and Skyrim so that's all I know :PIf you are looking for Skyrim online, you're not going to find it here. But if you are looking for a unique MMO, with content from all the Elder Scrolls games and endless possibilities in character builds and playing styles, this is the game for you!Hope this helped, see you in Tamriel :)"
76561198128456580,Not Recommended,306130,12703947,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,zachpeterson58,"with the vast amount of time ive spent playing this game i feel that it has become empty,its essentially grinding until you get a good level for 15 dollars a month to then get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked in pvp because the build wasnt good enough,etc dont waste your money like i did       EDIT: as this game is now free to play i suggest trying the game but dont expect a skyrim,hopefully the PS4 console version will be good till then adventure on"
,Recommended,306130,15104508,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Esonver Wolfie,"I used to hate this game a lot back when I bought the game in January 2015. Mostly because of the infinite loading screen bug that leave my game unplayable until I got help from the support.What really give me a good impression is, so far, Zenimax is one of the rare game studios that bother making a phone call ways from the US to Vietnam to help me out. For email support, it only take less than 1 hour to get their reply. I used to deal with Steam before to solve some account hacking problem in the past, it took them 1 month to reply my support request. I really appreciate Zenimax's support team (and btw they even get into my Twitter account to remind me not to give my account to anyone else, because it's against TOS, kinda prove me that they cares). But it's okay.Back to the game, comparing to most MMOs I had played so far (Guild Wars 2, DCUO, Perfect World, Champions Online, Tera,...) this game packs ALOT of action, exploring is satisfying, the graphic is great, for a MMO standard.The game's community seems to be quite friendly and helping, but when it comes to Dungeon, it will take you a lot of time to find a decent party, since most people in higher are scattered everywhere and no one ever use the LFG system (it never work anyway).The gameplay itself, it feels like an Elder Scrolls game, but it's not exactly as good as Skyrim, to be honest. As the game become Buy-to-play, If you're a fan of Elder Scrolls franchise, or is looking for a new MMO to play, I really recommend this game (but you best to grab it on any possible sales).English is not my first language, pardon me for any errors."
,Recommended,306130,26648797,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,PeligroWilsonez,"A really fun MMO. I started alone, played with a few friends and they stopped. but I didnt. It's def not skyrim online, but it is a engrossing MMO. it has all the trapping of a MMO, grinding, crafting, some fetch quest and stuff. But it is fun if this is what you are looking for."
76561198038741062,Recommended,306130,14630970,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,The Nerevarine,"A great MMO with an Elder Scrolls theme. The standard MMO features are present, but with the kind of questlines, characterisation and graphics one would expect from any TES games. There are plenty of quests to do across Tamriel and Coldharbour, along with areas to explore, things to kill and decisions to make. But it's the PvP and the end-game PvE where the game really starts to shine.I have a 60 day sorc, 20 day dk and others, on top of whatever amount of game time I have spent through Steam (mostly PTS). This game can be very addicting, be warned.The impending re-launch of the game on 16th March and the change in its payment model represents an excellent opportunity to new players to join and see for themselves why it has been such an underrated and misunderstood game."
,Recommended,306130,24480600,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Theopal,"A lot of bad reviews have been written for this game and all the negativity from the community i think is unreasonable. The game offers good quests (well written, balanced), awesome dungeons, THE PERFECT crafting system and many beautiful locations to explore."
,Recommended,306130,34631534,Posted: 31 August,all,Master Revan,ESO:+Very2 Open World+Many Cities+Many Skills And Items+Many Enemies+Many Quest To Complete+The Graphics Is Very2 Good9/10
76561198054260005,Recommended,306130,25336298,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Rabid BaneCat,"Review mark 2!I have now amassed some 70 hours on this now, and the game just gets better and better.There are some silly comments and negative reviews saying it's not skyrim....or that they can't do the simple thing and link their accounts together! :/This game is NOT skyrim......but it is a massively large world of fun and gaming with yourself or guilds, or friends. Whoever says the community are horrible are wrong. So wrong!!!The DLC and the crown store have plenty to offer should you wish to buy things.This game is wonderfully made and is really pleasing on the eye graphically.The musical score in this game is a pleasure to listen too, I normally turn ingame music off, but on ESO I turn it up....The game itself is huge. I levelled upto LVL 10 and the game really expands massively, where now the game in it's entirity opensup, with full on PvP and PvE gaming, Guilds and everything else to go with it.It is a game you can play on your own with little assistance from other online players who happen tobein your area at that time, or you can team up massively with your friends and groups and enjoy the main game that way. For those who love skyrim, you will thoroughly enjoy this, though the fightingisa bit more sporadic and sparse at first. The character levelling is pleasing in all classes and factions, and there are many options to choose from, I personallylove the dragon knight class...The maps on this are huge, and there are also DLC to purchase.but don't let this put you off. ESO is not just a game.....it's a way of life once you get immersed in it. The characters and the story is fabulous.The people who mainly play this are decent in the community, and you will often find invites to various guilds as such.I would highly recommend this game, and I give it a whopping 9.5 out of 10To me the best MMO out there............."
,Recommended,306130,34095345,Posted: 7 August,all,Legendary Hatty,"I. LOVE. THIS. GAME! I purchased this game at release on Xbox One and even with friends it was terrible, I just re-purchased on Steam because I got soooo tired of playing World of Warcraft, Elder Scrolls Online has to be the best game I bought this year by far! I need to get the Expansion for it. A lot for this game has changed since released and believe me it was for the better. Switching over from WoW was the best choice I made because I was looking for a new RPG to play, this game is actually a challenge, the dungeons are fun, hard and waaaaay more rewarding compaired to other RPG's I've played in the past. The game starts off slow as most games do but boy when it picks up its a delightful experience for sure."
76561198082235678,Recommended,306130,28104391,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Josephspoelstra,"I am a big fan of World of Warcraft, and I enjoyed Skyrim for the short time I played it, but the game did not hook me. This game feels like the perfect blend of both. It is an expansive feeling MMO with plenty of people running around the world and fun quests to complete, but what stood out to me was the combat. This is the most fun I have ever had fighting in an MMO. It's incredibly dynamic with the ability to dodge, block, interrupt, and fight back in a way that feels incredibly involved and not just clicking out a rotation. The game itself looks beautiful and have so many gorgeous landscapes and cities. The voice acting has some great members on the cast. I never finished Skyrim and while I own Oblivion and Morrowwind, I have yet to start them, but this game got me excited about the Lore and I now really want to dive back into Skyrim and the earlier games because I care about this world after seeing more of the history of it. I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,306130,14999779,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Very Buttery Bread,"After they remove the subsription I decided to buy this game, after some hours put into this game I would say that this is actually not a bad game, it just need some time. I recommend this game, but don't buy it with the full price, wait until it has a discount.*Edit* PVP to me is unplayable........much lag, and it's not only happening to me, loads of other people have lag problem both in PVE and PVP. Hope they fix it because I'm really enjoying this game.*PS* DON'T EVER, EVER, AND I MEAN EVER! VALIDATE STEAM CACHE.....YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED."
,Recommended,306130,26111234,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Alessondria,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soKDyDjc3KQI own the game and now all DLC and account upgrades permanently. With the latest One Tamriel update, the quality of the NPCs/ voice acting and the promise of player housing in 2017 (its already live on PST to some degree) ESO is a serious recomendation if you are a fan of The Elder Scrolls verse.Over 1,ooo quests... a massive open world... freedom to build your character's class how you wish as you go... truely breathtaking locations... some seriously inventive quests... and of course the 'buy-to-own' game model...Before  One Tamriel I would not have recomended it. Now I do. Completely. Do yourself a favor and buy this non-instanced MMO (this is coming from an ati-WoW gamer that HATES non-instaned MMOs)! I give this work of art a 5/ 5"
,Recommended,306130,21471589,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Raptorz,If you like the other Elder Scrolls games andgames like World of Warcraft you will like this game too.Pro:+real Elder Scrolls feeling+cool and interesting story+really big and amazing world+many huge updates+no pay2winContra:-no minimap-expensive item shop
76561197972105519,Not Recommended,306130,19355041,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,STRANGELOVE,This is a pretty well-made game. The bad news is that it has the same pointless grind-for-gear feel that so many MMOs suffer from. Levelling becomes excruciatingly slow and boring and after a while you wonder why you'd even bother. I don't play games that feel like a second job. If I wanted a second job I'd get one. I want fun. This game can be fun - but just getting to max level is a pain and besides looking for better loot it really feels like the game goes nowhere.The PvP warzone is kind of fun - but it's so chaotic and you spend most of your time just getting shot in the back. It doesn't feel very skillful and quickly burned out for me. Maybe if I had done more large scale raiding or something but ultimately I just didn't see what made me want to play this MMO over any others.The truth is - this is a solid game but it's just like all the other grind for gear MMOs out there with labour intensive quests that are repetitive and don't feel like fun. I personally prefer a game like ArcheAge simply for all the crazy stuff you can do - like get killed and robbed. Newbs may not like it - but at least there are other things to do than wander around collecting bug sacs.Don't get caught in the grind. If a game feels like a job - you're either playing it wrong or the game is the wrong game. Life's too short.
,Not Recommended,306130,23213437,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Lord Reefer,"Overview:This game is a dysfunctional marriage of the Elder Scrolls formula and MMO formula. The combat and progression is less exciting than its Elder Scrolls cousins, almost to the point of being watered down. Yet the multiplayer aspect of this game is not as convenient as other games: few dungeons, no auction house and difficult player interaction. This game was infamous for bugs at launch, not all of them have been resolved.Pros:This being said, this marriage can be justified by a few unique features. This game is well written, voice acted, and the setting is fully fleshed out, large and glorious. At times, it gives uncanny flashbacks to its Elder Scrolls cousins, while being able to be enjoyed with a friend or two. Over all, a worthwhile experience -- regardless of its flaws.Cons:Why do I not recommend it? The pay model is absolute garbage. All the endgame material (PvP and PvE) is blocked off by a series of pay walls: expansion packs. This DLC is released every quarter of the year, 20 bucks a pop : 80 bucks/year. Subbing unlocks content temporarily: 120 bucks/year. Keep in mind that you cannot buy the expansions directly, you have to buy Crowns -- which are only sold in 10$, 18$, 30$. This means that you will end up over-paying for your expansions by going through their stupid system. This is a paid game, you already paid full price (40~80$) for it -- and yet have content held hostage by an expensive and badly optimized system.Verdict:If you love the world of ES, you will enjoy ESO as a co-op watered-down game. If you are looking for an good MMO, this is not it."
,Recommended,306130,25452542,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Vedro,"After giving a break for some time, game has been quite changed and gotta say new DLCs and mechanics are quite nice.Felt like complete different game than on release."
,Not Recommended,306130,11362023,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,RektFusion,"After about 5 years on Steam, this is my first review which tells alot about how ♥♥♥♥ing bad this game is. I have been an Elder Scrolls fan for about 3 years. I played Skyrim on the PS3 and on Steam. I found that Skyrim was probably the best game that existed at the time, until I heard of the Elder Scrolls Online. I got so  hyped for the game. I didn't by any extra packages though. In my mind, the thought of having an Elder Scolls game in a MMO made me so excited. As soon as it arrived on Steam, I bought the game. The fact the the game came with 30 Free Days and that it was half off was an irresistable deal. I downloaded it and began to play. What I found made my eyes bleed.From the start, the game seemed good. It was beautiful. Then I went to recieve my first quest. The new UI was very unlikeable. The new format was terrible, and the fact that there is always a Goodbye text as an option at every discussion gets a bit annoying.Then as soon as I level up, I want to increase my character's atribute points. The new skill system is very unlikeable. I just doesn't have a Elder Scrolls feeling.Next thing to talk about is the quests. This quests are so quick and the payout is terrible. Monsters drop 1 coin and Bosses drop two. The payouts for a quest is usually 170 coins. The costs of a Low Grade Bow is about 450. Not worth it.I could go on for hours listing what is wrong with this game. In general, the main reason why nobody likes this game is because it doesn't feel like an Elder Scrolls game. It's as if someone beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Skyrim, ripped it apart, and tryed to reassemble it with 5 of the inital 1000 pieces, improvising for the lost 950 pieces.It's dissapointing."
76561197993702210,Recommended,306130,14942963,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,mctom1985,"As an ex-wow/rift/wildstar and current FFXIV player its not easy for me to admit this, but, everything negative I've heard about ESO is incorrect.This game is great!Excellent questing and storyline, beautiful graphics and its elder scrolls with friends!All that aside, the things that stands out most if the combat. For anyone that has played Wildstar or other action MMO's you surely know how much difference a more active combat system can make.This game does it better - full stop!There is something supremely satisfying about knocking an enemy down, powering up a heavy hit and landing it as they are about to get to there feet, only to smack them straight back down.And this is in an MMO!!!!Never thought I'd see the day.But you really need to try this out for yourself. This isn't the game that was released to mixed reviews almost a year ago.For one the sub is gone - you get an unbelievable amount of content for $60.There have also been 6 major patches released since then - with many new features and bug fixes.2014 was such a disappointing year in gaming - so many big titles failed to live up to expectation or were flawed beyond all comprehension.Do yourself a favour and start 2015 off right.Try this game, you will be as pleasantly surprised as I am.9.5/10 (Impossible to really rank an mmo this way but hey, I tried)"
,Not Recommended,306130,31128436,Posted: 13 April,all,Forkinator,"The nickel and diming of Elder Scrolls Online would put most free-to-play Korean MMOs to shame.In the last few months, Elder Scrolls Online shifted focus from adding content to draw in new players and improve upon the experience, to adding content for the sake of purely monetizing it.There are many examples of how the focus on purely monetizing in this PAY-TO-PLAY MMO has gotten out of hand, but here are the top ones:The Homestead update which added player housing is designed so that acquiring a house and furniture is extremely inconvenient to entice players to spend $100+ on a furnished house for the convenience.The most recent house added to the game can ONLY be purchased with real money for $100 to $120 USD, depending on whether it’s purchased with or without furniture.Morrowind, the “expansion” that adds one zone goes for $40 for standard upgrade to $100 for a Collector’s Edition. It includes a new playable class, the Warden. However, there is no new character slot to accommodate the new class. Instead two character slots will be purchasable for $15 EACH. That’s right, ZOS is making players pay an additional $15 on top of the $40 or $100 spent in order to play the new class added in Morrowind. Having a new extra character slot when a new class is added in a paid expansion is standard practice in all the other MMOs.A mount added to the store for 3 days in December went for about $40 USD.The addition of Crown Crates, which are gamble boxes, when opened can give a costume, pet, or in almost all cases, just pure consumable junk. A pack of 15 such boxes goes for $40.00 USD, and recent player reports suggest that they are rigged to give worthless consumable experience scrolls over costumes/pets/mounts for the rarer reward tiers.A HAIRSTYLE added to the game for 3 days went for $20 USD.Meanwhile bots run rampant in the game, some camping in obvious areas called dolmens to the point that they are causing lag due to their sheer numbers. Others farm materials and mobs, crashing prices of crafting materials. Nothing has been done about them for months.A year ago, the game was at its best when new zones and content were added that subscribers ($15/month) could access. It was a time when it did not feel necessary to spend hundreds of dollars to fully experience the game like Homestead did.A year ago, the Crown Store had cosmetic purchases that could be made with real money without the astronomical prices like it does now, and it actually felt like a fun extra to the game. Now, the development of the game feels purely focused on adding the next $100 item to the Crown Store rather than on actual game content.Until ZOS (the developers) shift their focus back to the game itself and stop treating players like bags of meat with wallets, I cannot recommend this game. Don't get me wrong though, I had a lot of fun until the nickel and diming tactics were out of control. If you can get past these issues, you could get some enjoyment out of the game.  No, the ENTIRE game is not bad, it's just overshadowed by a lot of poor PR practices and the aforementioned issues."
,Recommended,306130,15475718,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Morjoh,"Hesitant on buying the game?Read this:I'm from the Philippines and the game works perfect. NO LAG, NorthAmerica Megaserver.1 year ago, I believed Francis and Angry Joe's rage video and the monthly subscription is not worth it.Now that it's Buy2Play and after 1 year of Beta testing (thanks to those early players who bought the game and can't wait.)I bought it out of frustration of another game...I rate this game 9.9/10 (not perfect for the 2 minor bug I found, and I want housing + pirateship feature)If you played Skyrim that's 7/10 for meTESO > SkyrimYou can check the release notes. and the game is being improved every 2 weeks.the game has a lot of potential..Very addicting...Fair PVP and not pay to win..Archery experience is the best!!! Shot them on first person view.Best PVP experience ever... even Angry Joe shouts ""Ride!!!!"" on his rage video (BETA - if you watched the video).Buy now! I even regret buying Diablo 3.. This my friend is a game worth a monthly subscription... but I'm not rich!NOTE: game is not Steam dependent (even u bought it from Steam).. Hours of gameplay is inaccurate."
,Recommended,306130,31634838,Posted: 8 May,all,Lil Milk,"Starting to do more reviews now, so here we go...PROS:Exploration is top-notch, the world is packed full of interesting places, probably more ""unique"" places to find than most TES games. There are lots of hidden little things and you're well-rewarded with new abilities by finding all of them. And the world is giant, probably 5 times the size of Skyrim.Melee combat feels great. It's visceral, fast-based, and the addition of weapon skills gives a melee character a lot more tools.The world feels like Tamriel, and the atmosphere is generally excellent. They nailed the music throughout.Quests are better than Skyrim, probably about as good as Oblivion. Lots of variety from dungeon-crawling quests to town-focused mystery-solving quests. They're intricate, multi-part, and lots have good stories. Relatively few ""collect 10 X"" quests, almost all of which can be skipped without missing anything.The crafting system is much better than other TES. Tons of different styles, traits, and special set bonuses obtained by crafting at certain locations in the world.The lore is the best since Morrowind.They're better at writing unique/interesting characters than Bethesda.They're pumping out a lot of content really fast.CONS:Immersion is good for an MMO but not as good as a normal TES. Especially for the crimes system, which has a number of exploits and is more gold-grinding oriented.Magic and spell diversity is much more limited (hotbar gameplay).Way too many storylines focused on evil cultists, and a decent amount of the main story falls into familiar tropes and retreads Oblivion. Newer content is better at this, but there's still a lot of quests where you're like ""Oh... really? They turned out to be cultists again?""Not much sandbox-style gameplay, or FPS gameplay with hitboxes. Bows feel floaty and like they don't have much impact.I play PC, but Xbox is supposed to be pretty much unplayable right now due to memory leak issues when they upgraded the game to DirectX11... So, they may be exceeding their development capabilities with their quarterly DLC schedule.OVERALL:In conclusion the game is worth your money and a must buy when its on sale, if your a die hard MMO or Elder Scrolls fan then you should own this game, once you start playing its pretty hard to stop, never really found anything in the game that broke my immersion while playing. Go out and buy this game if your a fan of the series.RATING:8/10P.S Morrowind expansion on June 6 xD"
,Recommended,306130,17009954,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Rypool,every lizard-man has en erect spine
,Recommended,306130,15485386,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Paid_Didnt_Win,"This game received horrific reviews and impressions when first released, so I steered very, very clear of it until it went ""no sub"" ...here are my impressions.First off - If you're looking for a MMO, in a World of Warcraft, Wildstar, Tera, etc etc etc sense...  This might not be for you.The emphasis certainly seems to be on single player questing.... Think SWTOR.  EVERYTHING is voice acted, and actually voice acted well.  The Elder Scrolls lore is all very rich, very detailed, and very accurate.  If you enjoyed any of the ES titles, you owe it to yourself to give this a whirl, if only for the amazing single player experience.Group dynamics, for dungeons and questing...  a little lacking.  While it can be great fun to roll through a dungeon with a few buddies, some times getting a group together using the group finder tool can be quite a task.  Perhaps that is because of low population, but I think it has more to do with the actual group finder tool just not working.  There is another, REAL annoying glitch that can affect your character, because of the Veteran system, essentially forcing you to beg a Veteran Character (level 50, prestiged, basically) to join your group and toggle an option so that you can enter dungeons again.  It's not game-breaking, but it is pretty frustrating when it occurs.  Another rather major issue I have with the Faction system is this.  You are given a choice of 3 Factions to join, each faction has 3 respective races of which they belong.  The problem here is that if your friends want to play, as say a Nord, and you selected a Bosmer.... you will never play with each other on those characters.  Ever.  You can be in the same guild and communicate that way, but other than that, the only opportunity you have to even see eachother will be during PVP.  That's it.  It's a move at bolstering ""Faction Pride"", I suppose, but all it really does is segregate the player base and further detract from the whole MMO experience.  It is very likely that you are going to want to play a different race than your buddy, for whatever reason  (RP, min/maxing/etc).I have barely even scratched the surface of PvP, but from what I've seen Cyrodiil looks incredible.  Picture a massive zone that is a microcosm of the game world.  Tons of NPCs giving quests, mission boards of varying types, massive skirmishes,  castle sieges.... Very objective based, not just mindless zerg deathmatch (though that does occur).  You can, in theory, adventure and PVE in the PVP zone and never encounter a single enemy faction player.  First impressions - this area looks like a massive hit, implemented extremely well (what Ashran COULD/SHOULD have been, in WoW).The combat gameplay is excellent.  There are no turns, no global cool down per say.  Abilities use Stamina or Magicka, most enemy attacks are telegraphed and therefore require blocking/interrupting/dodging.There is a massive amount of character specialization, in that essentially any of the 4 classes (Dragonknight, Templar, Nightblade, Sorceror) can pick and choose any of the available weapons/armours and thus unlock that skill chain.  This amazingly deep system allows you to pick and choose which individual ability to put on your ability bar, allowing for some really cool combinations.  I do have a gripe that you cannot save ""loadouts"", and have to go through a clunky process of dragging abilities on and off to fit your particular need at the given time.  Skills and Trees level up upon receiving experience, and from being present on your ability bar during exp receival.  All in all, this system is not GROUND-BREAKING per say, but quite refreshing from the standard MMO fare.Graphics and sound are just incredible.  Period.   If you have the system for it, crank up the draw distance and detail, and just marvel at how beautiful this game looks.  I find myself periodically forgetting whatever quest or objective I have, and just wandering the lands of Tamriel simply because of the incredible ambient sound and amazing attention to detail the landscape shows.  Seriously, if you like a pretty open world environment - this is it.  I question how well the game is optimized, however it still runs well enough that I have no real complaints.  Towns are massive, and I frequently find whenver I need to go to town for various tasks, hours go by without notice.Crafting in the game is fairly simple, requiring you to obtain raw materials which you then refine at a crafting station and then use those for the creation process.  Deconstructing items that belong to that specific profession is crucial to leveling up your crafting skill, as well as obtaining materials used for certain item traits and characteristics, including improvement.  You also must research traits, in order to unlock the ability to craft an item with that particular attribute.  This requires you finding a weapon/armour piece that belongs to that same family, and then spending a set amount of time (from a few hours all the way up to 32 days, depending how many traits in that family you have already unlocked) which then destroys the item in the process, but unlocks the trait for eternity.Crafting is actually quite useful for providing upgrades for you, your alts, and your friends.  Also a decent income generator.  Loot is generally pretty random in the game, and if you have luck like mine, you will frequently find that you do not actually find loot for your specific character, but for everyone else, since loot is NOT personalized or tailored to your class/spec.  The upside to this, however, unlike almost every other damned MMO out there, is that almost everything you find, is NOT BIND ON PICKUP!  Incredible, a MMO-ish game that ACTUALLY allows you to trade!  WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT?Now, before you think this is incredible....the economy part of the game is.... different.  There is no central auction house.  No, in ESO, if you wish to buy/sell to other players you must join guilds.  You are allowed 5 guilds of which to simultaneously be a member of.  Each guild has a max roster of 500 players.  Joining a guild allows you access to a Guild Store, essentially giving you the ability to hawk your items to those 500 players, and browse their respective wares as well.  If you're really lucky, you join a guild that actually has a world store front, which is obtained through a bidding process vs other guilds.  Essentially, this allows players to visit a Trader NPC, located some where in the game world, who then lists your Guild Store auctions not only to your respective guild, but to any player who happens to wander by.  Obviously, the more centralized/busy Trader locations are very highly sought after, thus the amount required to succesfully bid (which lasts a week, I believe) is quite high.  It is an interesting and unique take on a MMO economy, one that many people are not fans of.  ZOS, from what I understand, did not want a system in place that would allow anyone with enough money to simply hit the auction house and kit out their character with little to no effort.  Understandable, but I also feel this was a rather thinly veiled attempt at combating gold farming, and 3rd party sites.  Probably quite effective.All in all, if you're looking for a very rich and deep single player experience that will have you yearning to go back to Skyrim, or for the next Elder Scrolls installment, I would definitely recommend ESO.  The MMO aspect of it is.... thin, but still there.  The story line is well thought out and well written, the voice acting, sound, and graphics are all top notches with a few blips here and there.  Combat is never stale, and certainly not something you can sleep through like other MMOs.With regular balance updates and hotfixes being released, I can only hope there is more great stuff to come... like... Player housing?  One can hope.Solid 8.5/10"
,Recommended,306130,14954726,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,GrizzledSteel,"If you like the Elder Scrolls titles then you should enjoy this, especially now that there's no subscription fee."
76561198137810225,Not Recommended,306130,22062129,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,m͈̄a͔͑x̝̽ ๏̯͡๏,"Well Real play time is more than 2000hrs i played through ESO launcher a lot too. My first MMO experience was my worst MMO experience.I bought this game when Imperial edition came out about 7 months ago or so ""ah those golden days with few bugs and a bit of reasonable lag in pvp only"", then another dlc came ""Orsinium"" bought that one too few more bugs a bit of more lag but it was still playable then another dlc came ""Thieves Guild"" thats it huge lag spikes, Freezing, crashing even in PVE huge lag unplayable. And they are planning to sell another dlc which is coming in end of June ""DArk Brotherhood"" more bugs + more lag is expected.Then i realilzed i wasted my 7 months in making almost 8 veteran rank 16 Characters of all classes and almost all races (8 Characters is limit to have and veteran 16 is highest possible rank).MMO keeps on changing whether u like or not, its not your average game that gives a feeling that u own the game. If your mmo is going towards doom then u can't do anything. In worst case its server would be down forever [RIP]. Only memories would remain."
76561198066464095,Recommended,306130,15873118,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Grizz,This game is fun now.
,Recommended,306130,14969017,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,d00dnicee,"I would first like to start off my review by saying this PLEASE REMEMBER THIS IS AN MMO, IF YOU COME IN EXPECTING SKYRIM ONLINE YOU WILL BE EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED.With that being said, on to the review!Elder Scrolls Online is the first MMO i've ever REALLY got into besides LOTRO, now don't worry about my hours as since I launch ESO.exe and not the launcher steam doesn't track my hours because overlay isn't on, I have played this game every night till 5 am for the past week and it's still fun, let's take a look at some pros and cons!PROS:+Great Enviroment+Beautiful Graphics+Fun Combat (Not your usual tab targeting system)+Fun Quests (quests are also a con but I'll get to that)+Unique Classes, now I say this because with there being a skill tree for each weapon type it makes class abilties kinda like helpers, you can play a Nightblade(rogue class) and be a healer so you don't have to do what say the class focus is, which reminds me of skyrim as you can play anyone and be anything+Neat Story+Great PVP+Fun Dungeons+Easy and Rewarding CraftingCons:-Quests, now I listed the quests as a pro because the quests are great but as with any MMO sometimes you get the repetitive vibe and with a lot of the Daggerfall Ccovenant Quests I got that vibe hard, does that mean the game is bad? No! Not at all, but be expecting some repitition when questing.-Crafting, again I listed as a pro but it has its faults, sometimes gathering materials can be tedious and annoying, hides don't drop everytime, you don't get markers on map or compass for gather mats like Jute, but this is easily fixed by UI Addons but i still have to list it as a con because it should already be in the game-Latency, the Mega Server technology is still new so the latency a lot of times (especially peak hours) can severely hurt the gameplay, a lot of people don't have issues a lot do, me i get 50ms in every other online game except this one, so at times fighting mobs can be a pain and PVP is just not fun-PVP, you get the option to PVP at LVL 10, now even though theres others who are Veteran Rank 14 you scale up to that rank, so if you're LVL 10 your stats scale up to VR14, simple right? Unfortunately that isn't enough as you are still level 10 so you dont have access to skills a VR1-14 would have, so you can't perform well in combat so it's IMO pointless to PVP at 10, until you can have a full build you are comfortable with I would wait to PVP till 50-VR1-Race System, one of the biggest faults is dividing things up into 3 factions to make the game more like an MMO, it sucks if your friends want to be in Ebonheart Pact but you like a race in Daggerfall Covenant, you can't group and so that is not fun, this is solved by getting the Adventure Pack in the Crown store it lets you play any race with any faction and that was a preorder bonus but its still a con because it gets annoying-Guild System, the guild system is great you can join 5 guilds but guilds are alliance wide which is again great but like I mentioned you can't group with people in other alliances so why they made guilds alliance wide I'll never understandAll in all I rate this game a 8/10, go in with the mindset of skyrim online you'll hate this game, but if you love MMO's i would recommend this game, I played it during the closed beta and it sucked they have improved so much in the next year and its nice to see the developers actually making the game better, this game has a bright future ahead and I would recommend you hop in and join us."
,Recommended,306130,14441399,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,overki11,"A lvl 31 (currently) Dragonknight Nord's OpinionThis game isn't what the community wanted. We wanted an Elder Scrolls Game with MMO Elements (AKA Skyrim Online), But instead, they gave us an MMO with Elder Scrolls Elements. People seem to think that just because this isn't Skyrim Online that it is a bad game. Personally, I think it is really enjoyable. I haven't seen too much of the game, but the PvE is fun, but the only real problem I have with the game is the levelling. I don't mean to say it is too hard to gain levels, but the exp should be boosted a small bit for quests so you can actually keep up with the levels, without having to farm enemies until you get a high enough level to continue without being stomped on. In the end, if you want Skyrim Online, don't buy it. It's not what you are going to get. If you actually want an MMO set in the world of TES, then yes, go ahead and buy it.Overall, I rate it 8/10."
,Recommended,306130,13798082,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fat Cat,"Do not play this game expecting it to be purely Skyrim with multiplayer or an MMO with an Elder Scrolls skin.  You need to play it as a combination of the two if you want to fully enjoy the experience.Pros:-More emphasis on placement and movement than most other MMO's-Nostalgic feel traveling through previous zones from Elder Scrolls games-Great music-Great graphics-Great questing experience (plot, NPC dialogue, environments)-In-depth crafting system, which is required to make/upgrade some of the best items-Healing is not watching health bars, most spells require positioning and resource management-Tanking is harder because there are no Area of Effect taunts, all are single target.  You need to prioritize targets because you can't taunt them all most of the time-Resource management is important in both PvE and PvPCons:-'Looking For Group' tool is not used by players, and not reliable for finding groups for dungeons.  you must use zone chats or guilds-'Damage Per Second' role isn't any different from other MMO's, it's all a skill rotation over and over.-Grouping in general is somewhat hard to come by if you are not at end-game content or doing popular content (like dungeons)-All magicka spells can be cast while holding block, making them immune to stuns at the cost of losing some stamina.  This is the biggest flaw for PvP-PvP can be boring after a short amount of time because there is no clear ""winner"".  It uses the same model of Planetside 2 (3 alliances, none can be completely eliminated and the real invenctive is to earn points by doing PvP related things).Overall this is my favorite game in years and for now I give it 9/10, but once traditional Elder Scrolls features get added shortly (like Thieve's Guild, Dark Brotherhood, and killing NPCs) it will be at least 9.5/10 or maybe 10/10 for me."
76561198028561189,Recommended,306130,15626023,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Kaiodenic,"Well,♥♥♥♥♥♥ If it turns out I've failed this year's university exams, it's this game's fault.[EDIT: The above is still true, but now the game crashes more than a las Vegas ♥♥♥♥♥ on a good day out. At least 1 crash every 10 minutes, usually more. Every new update = more frequent crashes. Great game, if you can handle that.][EDIT 2: They fixed the crashes!]"
76561197990508215,Recommended,306130,23538757,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,thomas-boost,"TESO is simply the best MMORPG ever honestly!!!there is some much content thousand of hour of gameplay, very very dynamic pvp and pve!!!!!!Loved the Elder S series and this is just totally crazy! i just cant stop playing!!!!!!!!!! :)hope you guys enjoy and help this magnificent franchise!!!See you soon in Tamriel :)"
76561198052366856,Not Recommended,306130,11377379,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Arrision,"Installed it 4 times now, will not load to play because the host window times out.  Contacted Steam Support 5 days ago asking for their help - surprise surprise, they haven't replied.  Reading the forums, many others are experiencing this same problem with no resolution. My advice is stay clear and check the forums until a solution is offered."
,Recommended,306130,13021602,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Slipstream,You really have to see this as a standalone MMO; rather than another Elder Scrolls installment.Amazing graphics & soundtrack.
,Recommended,306130,29860701,Posted: 11 February,all,🐨Skankhunt42🐨,If you are new and using Nvidia there is an issue at the moment with current Nvidia drivers that wont allow game installation after the Java prompt.Easy fix:http://nvidia.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/4378This issue drove me insane yesterday and a simple hotfix driver in the link above fixed those issues.
76561198115974160,Recommended,306130,14732646,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,minneerminneer,my only complaint...ITS TO DANG ADDICTING
,Recommended,306130,15192621,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,thaalesalves,"I played the beta, and I found this game pretty boring. But almost a year after the beta, I thought ""why the hell not? it was just the beta, it was meant to be♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, and I'm glad I came to that conclusion, because I do not regret buying this game. The Elder Scrolls Online is an awesome game, very thrilling and fun. Recommended."
,Recommended,306130,15153429,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,zlaire,"After hearing some horrid things about this game I came in with very low expectations, but even so, I was tremendously surprised of how excellent this game is.+ Absolutely not your standard WoW carbon copy, it goes its own way+ Exploration is ingenious. Don't except to find a quest hub with 20 quests.. Go out and explore instead!+ Great and varied combat system+ Immersing quests and atmosphere+ Excellent graphics+ Excellent sound and music- Even though the ""Elder Scrolls compass"" works ok I'd really like a minimap out of the box (there are addons though)- The limited action bars might feel a bit clunky at first glance- Hard to keep track of your outgoing and incoming damage (no scrolling combat texts)With no subscription fee, this game is a must for anyone who likes mmos or anyone who likes games like Skyrm."
,Recommended,306130,23868359,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Aiomon,"MMORPG’s live and die based on two primary factors: the combat and the quantity of content. It says a lot then as to the quality of the Elder Scrolls Online that it is mediocre in both of those departments while still being an enticing and fun game. Without the customs inherent to many MMOs or the fully immersive and living feeling of a single player Elder Scrolls game, The Elder Scrolls Online delicately balances the systems required in a multiplayer game, while putting a focus on writing, voice acting and open world group content. The Elder Scrolls Online is a mediocre MMO, and a mediocre Elder Scrolls game, but when combined, it triumphs as an engaging, fun and social experience.Elder Scrolls Online’s combat feels a lot like Skyrim, in that the weapon connections don’t really feel as solid as they should and the skills don’t always have the sense of impact that they ought to. Likewise, it doesn’t have the snappiness of action bar MMO combat. However, after playing for around 30 hours, I began to realize the nuance and skill it required. The dodging and movement actually lend themselves to very important positional play, and when not utilized, make the combat harder than you’d ever imagine. Trying to play ESO in a static way like one would in most MMOs will result in death, and mobility and awareness are very important. It’s hard to notice the skill required to play ESO well until one participates in one of the many group dungeons ESO offers. ESO has hundreds of public dungeons called Delves that can be played with a group or solo, as well as tradition instanced dungeons for 4 players. The dungeons and delves are very good, with varied environments, enemies and encounters. The dungeon content (including the low level dungeons) is significantly harder than most MMOs and require coordination akin to a positional shooter such as Counter Strike. The complexity of the PvE content overshadows the poor combat feel, making ESO feel like a focused strategy and positional game over a visceral 3rd person action game. Much like Guild Wars 1, ESO allows a limited number of skills (5). The skill system is diverse and interesting, allowing any class to use any weapon or armour. Want to play a heavy armour, great sword wielding mage? Well you can. The restricted skill system makes it feel like there are plentiful build possibilities, and in an MMO, feeling like you actually have the potential to create a unique build that is viable without just googling the most optimal way to play is liberating, and extremely fun. The skill system provides the sense of customization and creativity that an MMO should.The questing in ESO is full voiced. While the writing isn’t as strong as many single player RPGs, the quest writing tends be relatively strong in comparison to most multiplayer games. There are few throw away quests where a villager needs multiples of a mundane item, such as the hides of 10 boars, and the game generally stays away from kill and collect quests. While the gameplay when questing tends not to be very interesting, there is usually enough of a narrative hook to make even the monotonous quest design interesting. As someone who plays a lot of MMOs, this is the first game in years I did not listen to podcasts the entire time while playing, as I actually opted to listen to the voice acting or read the quest text. Unfortunately, the voice acting is weak, with a very small cast and you will notice repeating actors, often even in the same quest chain. The writing is good though, often presenting shades of gray when moral choices are presented, allowing for interesting resolutions to quests, and the characters are a good mix of likeable and hateable. In the base game, the main story quests follow a pretty generic plot, and are predictable and boring, if not fun in a campy way. However, the two Guilds in the base game, the Fighters Guild and the Mages Guild pick up where the main plot fails. With interesting quests and instanced missions, the Guild quests actually allow for unique and interesting gameplay. The nature of ESO as an MMO cause the impacts of the questing on the world to be relegated to voice lines from the villagers, but the instanced Guild missions allow for more feedback from the world and characters as to the actions of the player. The writing in the Guild storylines is also much stronger than both the main quests and the side content. This leads me into another downfall of ESO - The Elder Scrolls universe just isn’t very interesting. Sure, it has a detailed history, and traditionally has character relationships and interactions that are complex and emotional, but it lacks the flash and outlandishness of other MMOs. Warcraft has a cast of ridiculous caricatures that make the world silly, yet fun and charming. Elder Scrolls is high fantasy in the most boring way. The Mages Guild deals with this problem by having frequent interactions with the Daedric Prince of Madness who pranks and jokes with the player, and I think it comes as no surprise that this is easily the best PvE content that the game has to offer. The generic fantasy of the world significantly reduces the amount I could care about the main quest or side content. I know that eventually the baddie will die, somebody important will die, and all of the faction will put aside our differences to take down the monster that is a threat to us all. The side content suffers from boring-universe-itis too, as the world doesn’t really allow for crazy stories to emerge. Sure there is some interesting moral decisions to be made, but still confined within the dull parameters of generic fantasy. All in all, it takes about 100 hours to hit the level cap, and there are not all that many alternate zones per factions, leading to a fun, well developed but relatively short content play through.Cyrodil, the continent that Oblivion was set in, is currently not controlled by a faction, and as such serves as the 1v1v1 PvP continent of ESO. Despite problems with performance, long travel times, and some issues with the systems of capturing keeps, Cyrodil offers massive, exciting battles while remaining manageable. Despite my limited experience playing PvP in ESO, the massive battles over castles and keeps tend to feel more controlled than similar games such as Guild Wars 2. It felt like the massive swarm of people eventually dissolved into multiple small team fights and 1v1s. As I was engaged in combat in the stairwell, similar fights surrounded me throughout the entire castle, which made it less overwhelming for me to parse what was going on, while maintaining the feeling of a massive battle. The action combat lent itself to making me feel at fault for my deaths, rather than gear/skills/bad luck losing me fights. The siege weapons are fun to use, and have smart and accessible system to acquire, allowing them to feel fair but still powerful. The games strong visuals and soundtrack help to enhance the scale of the battles, making it feel truly heroic. I think that Cyrodil has potential to be the best open world PvP. A means to allow for small group play (with 3-4 friends for example) in a viable way, perhaps by adding small outposts or villages would really escalate the PvP content to greatness.Modern MMOs have removed so much of the challenge from trading and social interaction, that it feels less significant to succeed. Back in old school Runescape, sitting in a bank for 3 hours trying to buy a piece of gear wasn’t fun, but when you finally got it, it sure was exciting. ESO straddles the line between player to player trading and modern auction houses with Guild Stores. There are just under one hundred player Guild controlled stores that only sell items at the singular location of each unique store. This limits resources in a way that most MMOs don’t, but also provides an outlet for easy trading in large cities. This all said, chat bubbles are TERRIBLE, as is the group finder."
,Recommended,306130,25956070,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Mdy,I love this game. Nearly 500 hours in and haven't completed all content on one character. There is so much to do.. you can quest on your own or team up with a group and clear some dungeons. Yes there may be some bugs here and there but they are constantly improving the game which is great especially after one tamriel coming out it became even more fun.
76561198079767528,Not Recommended,306130,20157314,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,voomaid,"I really really wanted to love this game but I just ended up dissapointed. The quest's feel increadibly shallow, I dont care about any of the characters, and the combat system just feels kinda lacking.  Im pretty bummed."
,Recommended,306130,15175607,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,~♥Lewy♥~,"Wow.....I mean WOW! And I am not just saying that because its a World of Warcraft killer in my heart. I only just picked it up as it became buy-to-play (no subscription) and to me it surprised me more than I have seen out of any game in a while. So see alot of terrible reviews of it from when it came out but I can garentee it is nothing like that now. In short its same as Skyrim but in a MMO...has the same charm as Skyrim, gameplay and feel but in a more active world. I could write alot about this game but needless to say I think it is amazing and under-rated.To expand on why I think its great...Crafting is of somewhat intresting as you can find ""Motifs"" which unlock ""styles"" of weapons/armor you can make as you only unlock your selected character's race as the only starting crafting style. Next you have traits which give bonuses to items you make...however you must find an item with the train and then research it to learn how to make it. Lastly when looting or deconstructing items you may find rare-ish items that you use to upgrade gear stats to green, blue, purple or even yellow. On another note though, doing achivments can unlock you dyes which you can change the colours of your armor simular to Guild Wars 2. Stealing is a great way to make money as well as the posibility of obtaining instructions for crafting (such as cooking instructions or a motif book) so long as you dont get caught. Creating your character's abilities has alot of freedom to it as each class has 3 diffrent combat styles but every class has weapon, armor, racial, guild skills too they can spend skill point to unlocking abilities or passives.Though the very few bad points I could find are that the game handles really really well with low internet connection speeds but you should expect to wait for game elements to load if you have speeds under 400kb/sec as there is nothing more anoying as waiting for the enemy to render while its attacking you or trying to look a invisible chest. There is also a slight problem with overpopulation as its hard to go anywhere without worrying it may be overcrowded. Lastly, there is no real auction house in the game but ""Guild stores"" which you can access by being in a guild (Guild limit is 5 per account) so you can sell items on these guild stores which is only avalible to other guild members unless your guild has a ""trader"" NPC (traders allow people outside the guild to buy items from guild stores)"
,Recommended,306130,15067853,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Xuntari,"People either really likes or really dislikes this game, I have never met a person that said it was ""OK"". It's either ""an amazing game"" or ""a terrible game, not like Skyrim at all"". And I think that those who dislikes the game was looking for Skyrim with friends, something that this game would never be (they said from the start that it was going to ba an MMO, and that exactly what they gave us). The ones that like the game was looking for an MMO, and this game is a unique type of MMO.I hear people say that this isn't Skyrim online, I'm here to tell you that they are right. It's so much more!This game has the gates of Oblivion with the Sigil Stones ans Scamps that follows with it, Ayleid Ruins with traps and Welkynd Stones and the Shivering Isles with Haskill and Sheogorath. If you ever played Oblivion, then this game holds a bunch of nostalgia for you. I couldn't stop laughing when I fist saw Haskill, all I could think about was the Summon Haskill spell you get from the Shivering Isles quest line in The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion.This game also contains the Dwemer Ruins with the Dwarven Spiders and the Dwarven Spheres, the old dragon burial mounds and the Nordic Ruins with Draugrs and puzzles. Almost everything you can do in The Elders Scrolls V: Skyrim, you can do in this game. And you can do a whole lot that you can't do in Skyrim.This game has content from all of the Elder Scrolls games, but I have only played Oblivion and Skyrim so that's all I know :PIf you are looking for Skyrim online, you're not going to find it here. But if you are looking for a unique MMO, with content from all the Elder Scrolls games and endless possibilities in character builds and playing styles, this is the game for you!In my opinion, this game is better than Skyrim.This game is AMAZING!"
,Recommended,306130,34902294,Posted: 12 September,all,Jendar,"Making an MMO interesting and enjoyable is a complicated art. Zenimax and Bethesda did not really master it.THINGS I LIKE- Compared to any other Elder Scrolls game, this title is a significant technical improvement. Say, it has very good visuals, while not being extremely demanding resource-wise (for a modern game, at least). I often stop somewhere in the middle of exploration and save a screenshot. I mean, like, wow, they even made flowing water, so now a river is actually a river rather than a body of static liquid. The combat is a bit more diverse, too: they added actual dodging, so you can evade enemy hits instead of taking them all. Exchanging blows until somebody dies has always been the default combat mode all the way up to Skyrim, and it always felt stupid to me. Some effort has been put into usability as well, so the game is more comfortable as far as interface is concerned.- Another positive feature is, obviously, the unlimited Tamriel. Save for a few of territories which are DLC-only, the entire continent can now be explored. This ensures you an eternity of discovery, treading everywhere and looking around, finding new places and seeing new people. It’s an explorer’s dream. And it’s the Elder Scrolls universe, a true magnet for any fan of the franchise.- I can also note an interesting approach to balance, which was designed to keep all players equal no matter how far they have progressed. Thus, any region and any quest can be done anytime, and the amount of challenge it’s going to provide will remain the same. It has some drawbacks, though, of which I’ll be writing below.THINGS I DISLIKE- Combat is boring. Encounter an enemy, perform your usual routine of battle moves and see it dead. Well, sure, having a set of abilities in addition to the ordinary left mouse button clicks is great, but it doesn’t improve the situation a lot. The difference, basically, is as follows: in Skyrim your battle succession was like “attack – attack – block – attack – attack”, and here it would be “ability 1 – ability 2 – ability 3 – ability 4 – ability 5”. You will repeat this ‘12345’ dozens of times, and that’ll be it. I could also add that the abilities themselves are not quite spectacular, so I don’t really find a lot of enjoyment in practicing them.- Magic is very unremarkable. The rich variety of Skyrim spells is replaced by a small bunch of dull skills, most of which have quite limited usefulness. Tactical use of spells is nowhere to be found: you can’t exhaust enemy stamina with frost or drain enemy mana with lightnings. Visual aspect of magic hardly exists at all: it’s rather basic, I might even say featureless.- Balance has a major psychological flaw: there’s no progression worth speaking of. This will require a couple of examples.1) You’re level 10 and you crafted a sword. The sword does 1000 damage. You have then progressed to level 12 and can now craft a ‘better’ sword. However, your old level 10 sword now deals 900 damage, and the new level 12 sword does exactly the same 1000 damage. You can develop your craftsmanship to great heights and forge yourself a set of level 40 dwarven armor, but it will have exactly the same stats as the rusty iron cuirass you had when you were level 5. Basically, you cannot become better – you can only keep up to be as good as you’ve already been before.2) Most combat-relevant stats are measured in thousands or tens of thousands. Bonuses you gain from developing your skill lines or from using special items are usually lying somewhere around 3-5%. This effectively means that your attempts to improve will hardly improve anything. Yes, you had 10 000 health before, and now you have 10 500 health. Technically, it’s an improvement, but actually, it’s the same 10k as before.- Speaking of armors, different types of equipment don’t have any drawbacks – they only have benefits. You will not move slower or spend more stamina in heavy armor compared to light armor.- Group challenges are achieved through simple multiplication of enemy health. If a dungeon is intended for a group of 10 players, the mobs will have x10 health. This is your challenge. Sounds exciting, right? Big bosses will also have skills that would oneshot you; somebody obviously thought that it would add complexity to the gameplay.- Many mobs are all the same, just having different exteriors. Here’s a bandit throwing a dagger at you, here’s a dremora throwing a dagger at you, here’s a goblin throwing a dagger at you. The same set of skills is often found throughout the entire range of enemy variations. Wildlife does add some diversity, but to a certain extent only.- Presence of other players is often annoying, especially in public dungeons: every new visitor makes enemies respawn. They will often respawn right on top of your head and overwhelm you with numbers; you won’t even be able to run for your life, because the mobs you killed before have also respawned behind your back.- A number of quests is not very well developed either lore-wise or logic-wise. Some look as if they were hastily compiled. It’s a minor thing, but it breaks immersion sometimes.OVERALLFor an Elder Scrolls game, this is a good product. It’s perfect for walking and sightseeing, and whenever the servers are not very populated, you can just imagine that it’s simply another singleplayer title in the series, where the entire world belongs to you only. It preserves some traditions too: for example, Ayleid ruins are reproduced with exceptional attention to details – exactly the way they looked in Oblivion. It will appeal greatly to any explorer-type player.However, even though it might seem to be enjoyable at first, the gameplay is not very entertaining. Many things are boring and repetitive, and interactions with the environment do not provide much excitement. Of course, there are player-to-player interactions as well, but they can just as well be found in any other MMO."
76561198042537930,Recommended,306130,14982904,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Lustplum,"This review is for those out there who, like me, were/are skeptical about getting this game. I've been playing MMOs for years, from EQ1 to WoW to Aion to Rift, and I can tell you now that this game lives up to my standards, and more. Getting started might feel a little odd at first, but after getting used to the controls, interface and realizing that it's an Elder Scrolls MMO, it feels more and more comfortable the deeper you delve into it. It's not for everyone though, especially if you're the kind of guy that wants to race to the top speeding through dungeons and quests in less than 24 hours. This game requires sharp attention to the quests and lore to be appreciated fully, and if you can do that, you'll realize quickly that this is one of the most innovative and interesting MMOs created to date."
76561198051425125,Recommended,306130,14977706,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sckolar,"The short of it. Expect your every day MMO, and this game will impress you in a few ways. Expect Skyrim... Well your experience is dead already.+Good voice actin+Great soundtrack+Fun quests (If you pay attention+VERY undercretided combat system. Requires a bit of skill, and has it's own originality-Slow as mollasses on a cold winter morning download-Not a speed-run game. Rush too quick, and you will get bored-/+ Mounts hard to get but why would you need them when you can just use wayshrines... Unless you want to speed-run of course.-You get bored roughly 15 hours in.The game had a bad launch, but has been getting better.PS: My playtime is BS...  It says ""50 hours"" on my page. I played for 22 hours (Prior to this review). The rest of the 30 hours was spent downloading, and I'm not ♥♥♥♥ing kidding."
,Recommended,306130,14938893,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Okiir,"I'm not a big fan of MMO's, but I've been a major Elder Scrolls fan for over 10 years  - and while this game might not be ""Elder Scrolls VI"" or Skyrim with multiplayer - the game definitely deserves the title ""Elder Scrolls Online"".As I said earlier I'm not that into MMO's, and as a result I spend the majority of the time in ESO playing solo, and have great fun doing so.I often find myself believing that I'm playing an actual Elder Scrolls game. And that's the beauty of this game - yes you have all your standard MMO features - but if want to play the game just as you play any other Elder Scrolls game, if you want to play in first persion, read every book and note you come across, and immerse yourself in the world -- you can!The game also have far better and more reactive combat than most fantasy games I've played lately (including single-player games).I was a sceptic, but I really enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,306130,14859822,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Screaming Fox,"I had written a review for this perhaps a year and a half ago, and I feel that it deserves to be rewritten.Back when subscriptions were dropped as a mandatory thing to play, there were hardly any DLC, no incentives to pay for the membership, and mechanics in the game that needed improvement- the veteran rank system for one. Since then, there is a lot of DLC available, great incentives to pay for Plus, and a still-strong community in the game. I myself recently paid for 3 months' membership, and I'm thoroughly surprised how beneficial it was to purchase it. It gives access to all the DLC content without having to directly purchase it, and a scale of crowns along with it, 1500 per month subsribed. This considered, someone could purchase three months of membership and pay an additional few bucks for crowns on the side, and be able to purchase access to the DLC areas without really having to pay a whole lot for them, as the pack for those is 5500 crowns. You don't NEED the DLC to get a great time out of the game either, as I had 200 hours in it before paying for Plus, and I wasn't even halfway done with everything available to me.In short, if you have any worries about buying this, it's on crazy sale right now, and you'd be surprised to find how great it is for the price. There is also a DLC coming soon, which is Morrowind recreated in the game. This all makes the game more than worth a simple 18 USD."
,Recommended,306130,14979555,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Red Wizard,"When this game first came out it really disappointed me, it was hardly an MMO and hardly an Elder Scrolls game. When it went B2P I figured I'd try it again.Wow am I impressed with how much better this game as gotten.Combat is really fun and satisfyingThe mechanics of the gameplay blew me away.A lvl10 dungeon was funner than any other MMO experience I've had, and it really suprised me"
,Recommended,306130,14962327,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Smakkyoface,Great game. No monthly fee. Explore for days!
76561198091261776,Recommended,306130,23871925,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kilgharrah,"Good game, just don't go in expecting Skyrim"
76561198094721224,Recommended,306130,25909214,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Verorr,"50 hours of playing, 250 hours of patching."
,Recommended,306130,35052464,Posted: 18 September,all,Nazth2K,"you want mmo man? is gud mmo man.you want skyrim 2.0, boi yu gon have a bad time."
,Recommended,306130,15051221,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,DrinkyBeTipsy,"I really enjoy this game!  Can't stop playing it!!! Running at 5760x1080 and I get 30+ frames in the world and 50+ in dungeons and caves and things with Vsynch on using GTX 760, Intel i7-4790 @3.60GHz and 16 GB Ram.  Awesome! I was an early beta tester and did not continue with the game past that due to all the negative press and reviews upon launch last year.  Since the overhaul game is amazing as Tamriel Unlimited.  If you enjoy story/lore and crafting this game is for you. If you like the WOW grind with weak/minimal story and leveling as fast as possible this game is probably not for you.  Now that there is no monthly subscription makes this a great buy!  ESO Rocks!"
,Recommended,306130,22197945,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,♈ Amethyst,"What makes ESO an amazing MMO?>>Quests and Exploration>QuestsWhat I love the most about ESO, what no other MMO could've done so far.It's the story of the quests. Most side quests and the Main quest are just so interesting. All the conflicts in Tamriel and you are part of it.>ExplorationI really liked exploring the world in Guild Wars 2. ESO also has an exploration system and many Mini Events / Achievements etc.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->>Settings>CustomizableThe game lets you install addons very easily. This is an other feature that I never encountered so far in an MMO. You would like a Minimap besides your ESO compass? No problem, insert Minimap addon into the addon folder, done.>Video SettingI can play ESO with nice looking settings on my Main PC, while I'm also able to play it on my Low-Mid Tier laptop with no problems. The settings range from very low to very beautiful. So don't be afraid if you got a mid-tier PC / Laptop.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->Amazing solution for Micro Transaction / SubscriptionI've also never encountered an MMO with such an awesome solution about Payment. You buy the base game for a reasonable price. Ofc way better than the subcription system before. But they still got the Sub system. Subscribe and you get all DLC's playable for free while being a member, and get the same amount of ingame cash, like you would pay for the money. So while you pay 12$ per month for like 3 months, you can enjoy all DLC content, and as an extra reward, you would have enough money to buy the actual DLC for ever. This is amazing."
,Recommended,306130,15151918,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,TYPatron,"Played Beta for a week. 0/10Picked it back up on a bored, impulsive purchase. 11/10 Would impulse again.No really, it got good. Damn good."
,Recommended,306130,29954447,Posted: 15 February,all,「 Sleepy 」 (>_<) /,When it's on sale I would recommend it.  The game has improved greatly since when it first launched.
76561198002045286,Not Recommended,306130,33785086,Posted: 25 July,all,Hdaz86,"The game itself is fun, however I would strongly advise against purchasing it on steam. You are forced to log in through the steam launcher which has broken each of the last two weeks for me after maintenance updates. The only way I found to fix it is reinstall the entire game (60+gb) only for it to break again on the next maintenance. Steam offered no support on my ticket other than a generic ""you played for over 2 hours"" message denying a refund for what amounts to a useless product."
,Recommended,306130,14962638,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,"||Wouter|| 0,002% Skill",The game wasn't good enough for a subscription mmo. But with the new buy 2 play model and all the updates it is great!!
76561198071621431,Recommended,306130,14964689,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,jombo,"I did not expect the game to be like this. Blew my expectations way out of the sky. My favorite MMO by far.I was one of the people who thought this game was utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ despite barely trying it on my friend's beta account. All the flak it got, I was one of those who gave it the flak.When I played my short-time @ my friend's in the beta, the combat was super clunky and was basically a tab target combat that TRIES to resemble action combat. Not to mention, literally everything in the beta was laggy.Now? Goodness the combat is amazing. It's no longer just a tab-target system (It still, however, does have some tab-target properties, but very minimal) it also uses it's own form of action combat I haven't seen in any MMO's. Obviously in MMO's, lots of things are restricted such as; combat, physics, etc. This is all because of lag and how it could handle, wether it's on the server side or the client side. However, this game captures great combat with many other awesome features. Physics are still a meh... but really, what can you expect from an MMO?So much content...Currently have not done PvP yet, as not high enough level, so won't comment on that.Justice system is fun and a GREAT breath of fresh air in an MMO. Look it up, it's basically the crime system (I.E. Murder, pickpocket, stealing, etc)Will revise when I get a bit further. Then will revise again after reaching end-game."
,Recommended,306130,24502691,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Flattered,I would DEFFINITLY recommend this game to anyone who plays mmorpg . it is a huge open world with LOTS todo and the graphics are amazing . gameplay just keeps geting better the quest lines you can follow and spend up words of 300 HOURS on the quests alone the PVP is one of the best pvp games a game has ever done i love how you can actualy break into the castles and you have to deffend its really somthing unique . and it still really feeels like you are playing an elder scrolls game which was my first worry about geting a mutiplayer elder scrolls game but they accomplished it all!
76561198030778236,Recommended,306130,14999924,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Whygee,"This is enormously better than it was from when I was in beta and said all those awful things (albeit all of them were true; the game WAS horrible). It went a long way since. In fact, I'm quite certain it would score 85-90% should it be re-evaluated as it is now by review outlets. Mind you it's not completely reminescent of the a real ES experience: it lacks the freeform exploration and self narative from the offline series (amongst other things). But it's really rather fun and doesn't feel like WoW with a Tamriel skin anymore, as it was just a year ago.For the record, I picked the game up on March 19th 2015, and I hadn't played since the fiasco of the closed beta (and had barely played then; I just couldn't find it in me to even start the game)."
,Recommended,306130,14957108,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mona Lisa Overdrive,"Don't go into this expecting another Skyrim. It's not. Instead, it's a stunning mmorpg experience brought to you by the fine folks at Bethesda. It's Elder Scrolls, alright. From your Kajhit to your Argonian, the feel and lore is there. This game prompted us to begin putting up 'NO REDGUARD' signs in my 360 Minecraft server."
,Recommended,306130,29132032,Posted: 8 January,all,LoneTrumpeteer,"I can only review the single player PVE game play, but it has so far been enjoyable. Good voice acticing and engaging game play. They story line I've been following has made ESO feel a bit like Oblivion and Skyrim as far as game play. I haven't felt like I've been bogged down with grinding for gear and money."
76561198036945692,Recommended,306130,14966401,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Jordomav,Very fun game.  Sadly the multiplayer reomoves the true feel of RPG.  I would recomend buying it but don't expect it to be as good as any of the other Elder Scrolls games.
76561198028157209,Recommended,306130,16003162,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Moe The Crusader,Absolutely love it. Great game. Great for the mmorpg genre as it is today. Great action. Great quest line stories. Great graphics. All together this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ But best of all if you are an Elder Scrolls fan of any degree it makes this game 100x more amazing. Over all i love this game. I'll add a con or 2 though because obviously no game is flawless... Not a big fan of the way the community is currently (but its not as bad as WoW). The game is so easy to solo that everyones just on there own trip. But if u want to interact i suggest making a healing charecter cuz that will obvious attract people to want to actually play with you. Not to mention since healers cant fight well by them selves it forces you to make friends. But again im new only lvl 25 so far so it could get better. Other then that the whole of the game is fantastic and beautiful for everyone but especially for an Elder Scrolls fan.
,Recommended,306130,14953880,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,FatBird!,"This is a beautiful game. The play is great. The quests are fun, as there seems to be a myriad of them to tackle. The combat system is good too. The world is very immersive.Now that there is no monthly fee, you don't have an excuse to put off getting this game.I realize there is a cult of trendies that are trying to make it cool to bash this game. But, their real concern is perpetuating a trend.These developers have worked hard on this game, and I think it's apparent."
,Recommended,306130,14968378,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Avexum,"It's not skyrim, which is what I was hoping for, while I was disappointed, a new world of Elder Scrolls came out to me, different, some people might not like that, but ESO TU still holds that rustic elder scrolls feel we are used to, walking for hours in skyrim? walk for days now, being this world is HUGE."
,Recommended,306130,25652174,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,SpoytoR,"One of the best Fantasy MMO's ever made (probably the best)! You won't find better quality in a MMO out there, but after all depends on taste."
76561198047534959,Recommended,306130,17247795,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Carre Csgoroll.com,"+Great immersive feeling when all the quest givers are voice acted.+Combat system looks great and feels good in both Third/First Person.+FIRST PERSON MMO<3.+Character Creation has alot of wanted details such as height, weight and size of your character.+Class Creation. You can basically mix everything and it would work you can be a two handed sword mage, warriorrogue or a healer with a sword and shield.+Wayshrines are placed all around tamriel and you can fasttravel between them.+They seemed to fix alot of bugs and the ""loot only 1 gold whatever mob it is crap"".+/- Feels like a singleplayer game sometimes.+/- You can level up in your own way: Exploration, Questing and Killing mobs though it's a very slow experience.+/- Quests are sometimes very alike but sometimes you found a quest you really enjoy.-Dungeon searching takes forever.-I queued up for alliance war and got one hitted by a max level. Didn't find it appealing.-Crownstore...It's a great MMO for everyone that loves the Elder Scrolls Franchise or just MMOs in general. 8/10"
76561198028803665,Not Recommended,306130,12974894,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Stegodon,"Game feels dated even tho its pretty new. It plays ""Like"" a action combat game like tera. But is often really clunky and unresponsive. The class system lets you wear any items any class anyway you want. But realistically, If you want to be a dps caster... use a staff. and use cloth armor.. it just works better.. So it ""Feels"" like you can do whatever you want. But realistically to be any good you should play the cookie cutter way.Population-This game is dieing, and with the release of the new Wow expansion. It might as well have a fork in it. Game is fairly empty. Battleground is HUUGGEEE which would be awesome if thousands of people where playing. But theres only maybe 200 people n the BG area at a time. So its to spread out and never ending.This game could be amazing with ALOT of more work to it. But in its current state its a failure. And the majority of players know it. With the ever decreasing amount of players I cant see this one lasting.Fans of Elder Scrolls avoid this gameFans of MMORPG looking for something new. Avoid this game"
,Recommended,306130,15175132,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,XanderDylan,"I played this back in beta and was not impressed at all. I thought there were so many bugs and that the game just wasn't very good.  That was beta at the time, but I had the impression that maybe it just wasn't to be as good as I wanted it to be.Skip ahead a year later, I got the sudden urge to try out ESO so I decided I would buy it, I needed a new game to play and become interested in. I'm so glad I went for it.  It's not often I find myself interested in a game and wanting to always play it. Most games I play for a few hours and come back to them a month or two later. But here I am, one month after purchasing it with over 200 hours.Any bugs I encountered during beta have all been fixed. Things I wanted to see get added to the game were added or recently implemented. No subscription also means I don't have to feel obligated to play this game and get my $15 a month out of it so I have the freedom to enjoy it whenever.  The world is huge, simple side quests are fun and enjoyable to do each with their own fully voice-acted stories.  The graphics are amazing, especially for utilization of the Hero Engine (WoW engine).  The crafting is unlike anything I've seen and has become one of my favorite things to do in the game. The amount of content there is in this game, race/class combinations, etc. have me wanting to play this game for a long time. I feel like I haven't even scratched the surface.My only complaint is that group-questing with friends could be improved. It seems like you have to constantly check with your friends and ask ""did you do this part yet? lol"" because I feel that if you're in a close proximity, if someone does something, it should register for everyone in group. There are few quests that follow this, and it is present in dungeons, but I'd like to see this for every quest in game as it would make the whole ""MMO"" experience a bit more fluid.Let's Bang OK/11"
,Recommended,306130,26720592,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Janzer,"After playing for 26 hours of the game, I can definitely say I've already gotten 9.90 worth of entertainment, so I bought the game. If you like mmo's and don't have a stick up your butt, you probably will enjoy the game."
,Recommended,306130,33331615,Posted: 6 July,all,CyberDiva,"This game has a lot of pros and cons, so I'm going to give you a list of the primary ones for ease of reading material. Note: This review only covers PvE aspects. First up?Overall:Pros: BethesdaCons: Zenimax.Comunity:Pros: NONECons: This is the absolute worst in-game community (on a PC) I have ever met. Barring -some- players of course, most of the PC community seems to be more interested in talking about who's mother they're going to have sex with next than about actual game mechanics, helping others, etc. Most of the PC community appears to be 12-year-olds transferred from World of Warcraft. If you prefer a more mature crowd, get the game on PS4. The community is a LOT better there. Otherwise, just mute global chat because you'll find yourself soon tired of the chosen topics of conversation. Edit July 21, 2017: WARNING TO PS4 PLAYERS: As of the writing of this review, Sony Playstation requires a Playstation Plus membership in order to be able to play this game on the PS4.Crown Store:Pros: Some of the stuff in the Crown Store is pretty awesome. Plus, it's the only way to get the DLC.Cons: (Edited July 21, 2017) Crowns used to be ridiculously expensive. It appears that they actually lowered the price on them (hopefully permanently). They are more affordable now but I still recommend waiting for a sale if you're going to purchase them.In-Game Housing:Pros: Well first of all, it's really cool that they let you do in-game housing, and some of the options are pretty nifty. It's something that the community has been asking for for a very long time, and the wish has been granted!Cons: The expense just isn't worth the trouble. The ""free"" house that you get is a teensy little room and nothing more. If you want to upgrade, you're going to be putting out a hell of a lot of in-game gold. So if you do decide to take advantage of the housing, decide which one you're going to get and stick with... Then just save up your gold until you have enough to purchase it. Don't bother with the Crown Store housing, either. Considering the pricing of crowns, you're going to be paying out a good $100 U.S or more just to get one of the really big houses. Sorry, but I'm not made of money and neither are most people.Mounts:Pros: Hooray for mounts! They make traveling so much faster and, really, who doesn't like travelling faster? The in-game gold pricing for mounts isn't too bad, and buffing up their speed, etc. really isn't too much trouble either. Just make sure you train something on your mount once a day and it won't be too long before everything is maxed.Cons: Most of the really good mounts are Crown Store purchases. BOO!Crafting:Pros: A hell of a lot of work was put into the crafting system for this game and, to be honest, it's their best feature. Honestly, it is. It's quite advanced and not so easy to simply spend gold on and just get top level crafting immediately like in a lot of games.Cons: I can think of none except for perhaps some of the prices people put on recipes. But that's people and not the game, so...Graphics:Pros: This game has some very gorgeous graphics, and if you have the computer and graphics card to enjoy them you definitely will.Cons: The graphics are -so- good that this game is very graphics-heavy. So much so that older computers are going to struggle with simply loading the game (to the point of taking up to ~10 minutes or more just to load for really old computers) even with graphics settings on practically nil.Lore:Pros: Fans of the lore will not be disappointed! The game's story and lore keep nicely with previous lore and story arcs.Cons: None.DLC:Pros: Assassins' Guild? Check! Thieves' Guild? Check! Both great DLC packs you should get.Cons: Both of these DLC packs cost you 2000 Crowns at the writing of the review but don't really have an amount of content to equal the purchase price. Get Crowns on sale!MODS:Pros: Hooray for modding! There are plenty of wonderful mods out there for this game, and guess what? They're FREE! That's right, they are FREE!Cons: None.MEMBERSHIPS (Review portion added July 21, 2017, updated July 23, 2017):Pros: Well, you get access to all of the DLC for free, you get some gold, and you get a separate bag for crafting mats. Some other stuff too, but you have to maintain your membership to keep it.Cons: If you decide to drop your membership, you lose everything the membership offers. Remember that free DLC you get for your membership? You lose it and must purchase the DLC separately in order to play with it any longer. That crafting bag? All of your stuff remains in the bag and you will have no problem removing items. You will no longer be able to put items into it, though (Thanks Hyrind!). As of the writing of this review, the membership just isn't worth the money you'll put out every month to get it."
,Recommended,306130,14946200,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,REVV,"Pros :  Great gameplay, one of the best in modern rpg. Graphics, also one of the best. Community, a lot of helpful players.PVP, very fun,reminds me of guild wars 2 but more skill based. Crafting, well built system, and a lot more great things about this game.Cons : The size is massive, but understandable for a game of this caliber. Latency problems sometimes. The story could be more interestingConclusion : You`ll not regret buying this game, espiecially if you are an ES fan."
76561198254487066,Not Recommended,306130,20917164,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,BloodOrphans,"The thing that really annoys me about eso is the fact that they set up the stories to be ""you are the chosen one! Only you can save us!"". I wish they'd cut all that because it really takes away from the immersive-ness since we all know that everyone else on the game are getting the same quest and are also the ""chosen one"". I'd be perfectly happy to be just a regular citizen that has to rise up in ranks through skills and given quest that would make sense in an mmo setting. This makes it hard for me to get into any of the story lines of this game, I just end up skipping through dialogue which is something I never or rarely do in elder scrolls games, because it just feels like I’m going through a haunted house in the carnival, it’s all “fake”. Half the time I have no idea what is going on in a quest, I just know I gotta kill the boss at the end, or retrieve some stuff, or burn some stuff, and I just end up grinding through quest to level up, rather than being fully immersed in the story line. It’s just… so boring. I think the reason why is because as someone who does only pve it’s just feels like I am doing the same thing over and over again, and with no story line to be invested in, it gets old quick. It’s not for me."
,Recommended,306130,25523507,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Bastard of Winterfell,"Really fun game, the first 10 levels felt slow and boring but after I knew what I was doing I fell in love. The bad reviews from its release made me suspicious but playing it proved otherwise. Definitely recommend"
,Recommended,306130,22360142,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SSJHazardous,"-Logged on to the server-Awesome Intro vid-Character creation! Finally-Still at character creation-Still at character creation-Still at character creation-Still at character creationlook at the time, oh13.3/10 best character creation game ever"
,Recommended,306130,15051220,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Teeth Paste,"The biggest draw of ESO is undoubtedly its combat system which blends your typical MMO combat with more involved combat like the Elder Scrolls (ES) series is known for.  The world is a lot more interesting than most MMOs for example like any ES game you can find dungeons to delve into that have their own stories to tell.  The character customization isfantastic.The ""Tamriel Unlimited"" update really brought the game to where it needed to be to be called an Elder Scrolls game.  This update added a justice system like you would see in any other ES game.  The ""Guild Shop"" feature replaces the auction house system that has become standard fare in most MMOs. Guild shops are set up in market stalls in every major city and allow members of that guild to sell their items from that stall, it results in players actively going to the market rather than standing around the same auctioneer all day and really makes the cities feel more alive with player activity.  This update also added the dye system in which armor dyes are unlocked based on achievements, for example fighters guild red can be unlocked for ranking up in the fighters guild.Also you can launch the game without being signed into steam which is nice."
,Recommended,306130,14967296,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Lochstock,"Highly recommened, the critics haven't played this game recently. So many changes and bug fixes since launch almost a year ago, they're heading in the right direction with this one."
,Recommended,306130,19844697,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Thamriyell,"At release, yeah there were several issues for this game.But as of recent updates that majorly change the game and how it operates, I say this is one of the best Buy-to-Play MMO's you can get out there. Worth the money.When playing this game, remember that this isn't a sequel/requel/rendition or any related version like Skyrim or Oblivion. Treat this game for what it is, an MMO spin-off game set in the same Tamriel universe, but with other players running around. If you are looking for Skyrim-like experience, play Skyrim or Fallout 4.I hope you enjoy this game! Really fun action-based MMO!"
,Not Recommended,306130,12733485,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Fuzzy,"Awfull customer service as well as being still bug filled & prone to game breaking glitches along with frequent crashes, there are many free2play MMORPGs out at the moment that are better than ESO, don't waste your money on this when you can have a better & more complete experience with a free2play title."
76561198097574102,Recommended,306130,14957559,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Rusko,"Great story, great combat, fun to explore. Vibrant community as well as brilliant dungeons. Buy it, and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,306130,28368257,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,CamoDragon,The One Tamriel update changed this game and MMOs forever. Absolutely everyone should try this game. Especially if you have ever liked MMORPGs.
76561198057333814,Not Recommended,306130,18751019,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ValiantGHD,"Played it for 3 weeks, stopped playing, tried coming back, cant even log into my own account anymore because I need some stupid access code thats not coming in to my email no matter what. Try contacting customer support, but nope, dont even get a reply, this feels like a wasted $60, what good is a game that you cant even play?? Besides that, when I can actually play the game, its pretty fun, but wow they're customer support is horrific"
76561198118255576,Not Recommended,306130,24317122,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,curtischin,"(中文评论在下面）IF YOU ARE USER FROM CHINA, PLEASE RECONSIDER!!!I am a user from China and bought this game for at least one year (mac version). At first, I had really a great time connecting the game online to the server as well as on in-game experiences. To be honest, I loved it, and a bit addicted to this game too.Then beginning from then end of 2015, server is getting unstable, sometimes couldn't get connected or game crashed.Now, 2016.07, I would be holding a celebration party IF I could EVER connected online!!! An error 200 had been jumping out of my screen for thousands of times, and when finally luckily connected, game will be crashed in no more than 5 mins, situation remain the same regardless if I am connected to VPN or not (some might question if China's great firewall caused the problem).Several email sent to their help center, the only respond was - autoreplies and autoreplies.I am extremely frustrated by now, that's why, for those who are from China and want to play this game in China, better RECONSIDER!!!P.S. I am not sure if any other countries' users encounter the same situation如果您也是中国用户，您正在考虑是否要购买，请三思！我大概在一年前购买了这个游戏（苹果电脑版本）。最初的时候，无游戏网络连接或者游戏的玩乐性我都毫无意见。老实说，很爱玩，甚至有点上瘾的感觉。从20年年底开始，服务器就开始出现连接不顺畅，或者玩到一半掉网。现在, 2016.07, 如果我的游戏能够连接上服务器，我应该要开香槟庆祝一翻了！！！Error 200是最常出现的字幕，几乎等于永远连接不上，就算走狗屎运连上了，过5分钟游戏掉线，重连！就算打开VPN连接，情况与不用VPN一模一样！！！（所以是否中国的伟大防火墙问题还需进一步讨究，但至少本人所用的VPN连接网页是没有问题的）技术支援就更别提了，提供了个鬼屁邮箱，发几次邮件（英文）都是自动回复，邮件内容也应该没有人看（明明跟他说是Mac系统，就给你个自动回复告诉你Windows安装有问题），我也真是受够了！！！现在感觉，完全被欺骗，从可以说接近完美的游戏体验直接跌入绝望谷底。如果您也是中国用户，您正在考虑是否要购买，请三思！"
76561198020925422,Recommended,306130,14961067,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,| 59th | Bourgundy Ball,"This game is now better than in the release!!and a bonus to that, the subscription fee is gone!! :D"
,Recommended,306130,26712418,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mr.Pushkevich,"Покупайте пока есть возможность, глупцы!  (с) Гендальф.Руссификатор есть."
,Recommended,306130,26759707,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nima,Imagine if The Elder Scrolls series had a child with Runescape. The child would grow up to be TES:Online..
,Recommended,306130,16372016,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Blazebeak🔥,"I play this game way more than I should. Still, it is a fairly fun game and I enjoy it. I also like it's gameplay but it is no skyrim. There are a lotta things changed since it is multiplayer. You don't lv. up as fast and loot isn't as plentiful. Some of the quests feel repetitive, and you have to pick the right class with each race (at least if you plan to do PvP). Like orc's have traits to make them tanks, not mages and so on. Almost all the time PvP requires you to have the teamspeak app or your not going to get a group. It's still worth giving it a shot though if you can afford it. Though it does take forever to downlaod. So leave it on over night.Also so you don't waste any extra cash, most the stuff in the ""cash shop"" Can be bought in game for gold so there isn't much need for you to buy to much pointeless stuff. Like vampire bites. What I recommend buying if you do buy anything first thing I would buy is a cool looking mount then the dlc in this order ; 1.Imperial city, 2.Orsinium (get orsinium first if you don't like the PvP in the game), 3.dark brotherhood.Do notget thieves guild dlc as it isn't good, doesn't have many benifits, and it is really hard if you arent a nightblade. Also do not get Shadow of the hist dlc because it only unlocks 2 dungeons and is a clear cash grab."
76561198048403475,Recommended,306130,14140487,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,mithrilux,It's been awhile since I've played an MMO.  This one is great!  The customizability of character is really nice and gameplay is always stable.
76561198042260766,Recommended,306130,20082855,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Motionless,"This is such a good game for the Elder scrolls lover!Why?This game is so beautiful it has really good graphics.The music comes from older Elder scrolls games like Morrowind and Oblivion wich gives you a really nice feeling thinking back from when you played them.The Combat is plays fine, its doesnt get boring and it isnt to hard.The Quests are fun aswell, you could say they are a bit like the quests in Skyrim with a little twist.Every time you enter a cave or go outside you just have to stand still a moment to enjoy the stunning view.10/10 would buy again."
76561198014117458,Recommended,306130,11409089,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,[EDF-21] Cpt. Snyder,"After reading many reviews and being really turned off to the game I honestly didn't have any intention of buying it. However, I did. And every single review I had read was utterly wrong. This game is phenomenal! If you're expecting Skyrim, well it is not Skyrim. In much the same way Skyrim was not Oblivion, Oblivion was not Morrowind, Morrowind was most definitely not Redguard, Redguard was most certainly not Battlespire, etc.. etc.. Every Elder Scrolls Game has brought something new and different to the table, this game is no exception. I'll admit the overall main quest is not the best, however it makes up for it by throwing you into a very pivotal point in the Elder Scrolls universe. A good example of this would be in Skyrim the single player aspect was wonderful, the civil war however was not. You could have played Skyrim without ever noticing that a civil war was raging. In ESO the opposite can be said. I could go on and on. But with the new systems and updates to come I honestly do not see ESO being F2P anytime soon. If you're really on the edge about it wait until they offer a trial.*Now that update 3 has come out you can now dye your armor, as well as they now have Guild Shops. Which is more or less like the an Auction house!"
76561198069190120,Recommended,306130,32205760,Posted: 5 June,all,HakaTori,Looking for a game to invest your time in. Look no further
,Not Recommended,306130,32471959,Posted: 16 June,all,rednoahl,"This is a difficult game to review because what is good is very good, but what is awful is as bad as it gets.Since I've come from the single player Elder Scrolls games I expected that the vast majority of the quests for my characters while leveling would be fairly relaxed, so I'd be able to fully understand what my skills did and what options I'd have to build my character. I was wrong. The Elder Scrolls games were always about freedom, while Elder Scrolls Online's freedom is an illusion, paid for and with severe consequences. The NPE is horrible, and even though I read and watched numerous tutorials I had a hard time and made many mistakes. Two hits and I'm dead regardless of class or armour I wear. It is better to stand about near these things called 'dolmens' (hopefully near to world boss spawns so you can run from one to the other) with other randoms spamming whatever skills you have that are AOE and buff others damage to level up. Questing is near pointless.Combat is as bad as it gets. Enemies are bullet sponges often with unblockable cheesy moves and they are just not interesting to fight. Most of the quests are incredibly tough to beat as a new player with sub-optimal gear and skills, as a result and it doesn't surprise me at all to see so many folk who have leveled up their character to maximum still being clueless how to play their class. This would be fine since ESO is online and ""get some friends"" to help, but that isn't what I want when I'm trying to learn and I certainly don't want the speed I quest at being dictated to me by other players. From what I've seen on youtube about endgame now since the Morrowind expansion, I'm not even sure I will bother doing any endgame content because learning optimal this and optimal that is boring AF - developing muscle memory spamming the same moves until they get nerfed in the next patch, switch skills, rinse and repeat. No thanks, I've done it all before.Crafting is a big part of ESO and it's good apart from the first thing that annoyed me with ESO was inventory size. To start with it is incredibly limited, and if you intend to craft items you need to subscribe to ESO plus otherwise the inventory management becomes intolerable really fast as you level. Given I'd forked out a hefty sum of money for the base game this really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, and since I play Eve Online where I have millions of items I view the severe limitations on inventory in ESO as a disgusting cash grab. Then there is potions which at low level are not really worth bothering with because the effects are so short lived and cooldown on potion use long. Armour breaks to as you play, so since I've died so frequently and get two shot even with my armour working I see no point wasting gold repairing it. Eating or drinking is very important to in keep stats as high as possible but finding the right ingredients is a nightmare unless you have ESO plus.Then there is keybindings - or lack thereof. Want to bind keys for different potions - tough you can't, you can have one potion equiped to a hotkey and have to jump through hoops to use a different one because 'console controller.' Press 'Q' move the mouse over the potion and press 'Q' again. You are allowed to two weapons equipped with five skills linked to each weapon, and those skills use the keys '1-5.' You have to assign a key to access your other weapon, assign another key to access your first weapon again and use keys '1-5' for skills, and you can't use keys '1-0' like would be more logical given the amount of real estate a keyboard has. I'm totally fine games having decent joypad support, but I am obviously not happy about the lack of mouse and keyboard support.I always play Imperial in Elder Scrolls games - it costs 2000 crowns for that no matter which version of the game you get for some reason. Probably because this game is just a big cash grab, which I could understand if the base game was free. I bought Tamriel Unlimited which is obvioulsy only unlimited apart from the 10quid it would cost to be an imperial, 5quid to access some dungeons, 9quid a month for a reasonable inventory plus whatever the morrowind expansion costs.What's good? It looks good and sometimes is amazingly good for an MMO. Sound is good with characters voiced by folk like John Cleese, and very atmospheric and rich music throughout. The quests I've done have been well written and really quite enjoyable.That said, Elder Scrolls Online is the most polished of turds I've ever played. Total Biscuit once said that Eve Online was the grindiest grind that ever grinded - well I disagree - ESO is. I've well over a hundred hours played and the vast majority of that was busywork or dicking about with other characters to manage my inventory. The main character I was leveling I've come to despise which for me is a cardinal sin when it comes to an MMO character, because if I hate a character I stop playing.I feel so sorry for the people I've been leaching levels from who are grinding away a fresh character because their old ones got nerfed (and I am sorry for leaching too.) It's tragic that some people have become so attached to this pile of garbage game that they would willingly grind for hours of tedious boring gameplay just to level up, so they can then spend a week or so grinding against a training dummy to develop the muscle memory for optimal play with their class so they can have some fun; they are like baby seals waiting to be clubbed - sad I find it, really sad.Edit:Reviewing an MMO of this scale isn't easy, and after a bit of a barny with one of my friends who loves this game I have put more time into this game to get to 'his level.' Now I'm almost there grinding further has just revealed more things I find either frustrating or downright annoying.I am currently at the gear maximum which means that it is worth grinding, buying or crafting gear that would make my character half decent - effectively end game. If I want to craft decent gear I'm going to have to wait about nine months before I can unless I open my wallet and spend a few hundred quid to speed up the process. I'll give any readers the credit to make their minds up whether this is a cynical cash grab or a justified pay to advance mechanic since the crafted gear isn't the best available in game.Buying gear: seriously I think amazon could deliver stuff faster than this game does. In the meantime I have bought the same thing twice while waiting bacause I had forgotton I'd already bought it. You see each guild has it's own trader - there is not a consolidated market and finding what I've wanted has taken hours hopping between towns so unless I write everything down it is really simple to screw up. Some filters reset when hopping from guild market to guild market too, so I've either remembered to properly sort things again, or ended up buying something for a lower level character.Other stuff:When doing a quest that I expect to follow on from another the game likes to troll and change quests to something else, usually from another area so I've ended up going backwards - often.Housing is totally useless and only for the vainest of elder scrolls geeks.Pretty much every system and mechanic in this game is trying to force folk to be social. This would be fine if all the elder scrolls games before this one forced progression in one specific way. Everything in this game feels forced with a vaneer of freedom and it tries so hard to get me to spend real money I am now really wary of Zenimax and Bathesda.Loading times are loooong.Once I bought and downloaded the game from steam, I had another patch to download which took over two hours to download. Given how cynical this game has made me feel, this over two hour download looks like a means to escape any players who don't like the game and want their money back.Angry Joe's three year old review is STILL relevant when the devs have had over three years to fix stuff."
,Recommended,306130,13917261,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,FrostFireSpirit,"I feel that i have played for long enough to be able to write a justified review for this now, and perhaps also explain some things that i wish i had understood when i purchased the game.When starting out it does feel a little odd, as it is different to what you would expect, but when you overcome that the game is incredible, the map is huge, and npc characters and quests are great, there are so many of them to keep you going, and it is so difficult to not get sidetracked in the middle of a quest, and go and explore the world.The community is great, something i fear may be destroyed if this game ever went free to play, which i really hope it doesn't, i am happy to pay for it.However, one thing i wish i had realised when starting was that you are limited to where you can go by the starting alliance you choose, so for example i started in the dagerfall covenant, so i am unable to go to Skyrim or Morrowind yet, however, when you reach Rank 50, or veteran rank, then you are able to unlock another area, so as i am in the daggerfall covenant, the next area i unlock is the aldmeri dominion, and then later on i can unlock the ebonheart pact.This is not a major issue, but it does perhaps try and make you rush so you can get into new areas.There really are no limitations as to how you want to play, for example, i am a sorceror, however there is nothing stopping me equipping heavy armour, and running around with a giant axe. or i could choose to try and be stealthy with a bow, something that if i wanted to do on another MMO, say WOW, i would have to create a new character.PVP is something i have attempted to do, however i feel i will have to become a much higher level before being able to make a real impact.Dungeons are great, and working as part of a team is extremely fun, also all loot is random so there is no loot stealing, as each player gets a different loot.The graphics are astonishing, and run really well.One issue could perhaps be that of distance, not view but attacking enemies, if an enemy is too far away, you will not be able to hit them, or if you draw an enemy too far away from where they originally were, even if you have almost defeated them, they could suddenly have all there health back and run off.Joining and creating guilds, with so many different people is great, and people are so helpful as well.I am finding it a little difficult to say how i feel about this without sounding extremely biased towards it, but thats the point im trying to make, so many people told me not to bother with this, others told me to play WOW or another MMO, but i ignored them, i tried WOW, and chose this instead. But seriously, just try it, even if not from steam and you buy the key somewhere else that is cheaper, grab it, and give it a go.After playing the beta i decided to wait a while before purchasing this, and during the beta we were provided with the opportunity to play as those who would purchase the imperial edition, so we had access to the imperial class, and a horse.If you are trying to decide whether to spend the extra cash and purchase the imperial edition, then what you get is a class that is more suitable for the role of a tank, specialising in sword and shield, with heavy armour. You will also recieve a mudcrab vanity pet, which serves no purpose other than to follow you round. Also you recieve a horse which is equivalent to the 15,000 horse in game, so the cheapest one, however it is white. Finally you have the choice to play as any race in any alliance, which could be good, but i prefer to play in the factions that are meant to be played by each race.Personally, i knew i wanted to be a Breton sorceror, specialising in conjuration, so i did not buy the imperial edition.But yeah, i love this game and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys the elder scrolls."
76561197964564030,Recommended,306130,32706897,Posted: 23 June,all,Kristina,"As someone who got into the franchise because of Skyrim, I really like this game. I don't actively play with anyone else, so it's more of a really big single player game for me. I'm currently 60 hr in and not even close to finishing the 3rd area of what looks like a crapton of areas. Definitely worth the $10 I paid for the game."
76561198059711961,Recommended,306130,15163195,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,GlorgisGlorg,"Looted a chest, got some corn. 11/10 best corn ever."
,Recommended,306130,14956868,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,St.Shenanigans,I just took the stew out of a bowl in the world. 14/10 best game.
76561198283155767,Recommended,306130,32916545,Posted: 28 June,all,Outcast501,"game is far better than it once was, you can play as you like and how you like 100s of hours of gameplay and there are still things to do"
76561198049578598,Not Recommended,306130,32396841,Posted: 13 June,all,Brother Deimos,"Devolved from ""promising with a nice setting"" to ""vanity item spam simulator"".Hilaroius vanity themed cashgrab which has nothing to do anymore with TES. Bad MMO mechanics, shallow fetch quests, uninspired level design plus basic game content locked behind a paywall. Zenimax luckily found a way to ""rescue"" their investment after the playerbase started vanishing and they had to go f2p by charging for every single useful sh*t -  and on top of that you can't even get all of it in the ingame shop, NO, you additionally have to be a subscriber. Yeah, it's that bad.Want a new skin style for your armor? 30 bucks.Want to change your chars appearance? 20 bucks. Each.Want to change your chars name? 15 bucks. Each.Want to have access to the full inventory (...crafting bag which literally is for every ingredient, material you name it else it takes up YOUR MAXED OUT ingame bank...)? 15 bucks. Monthly.If you want a TES MMO, keep looking. My guess it's not gonna happen since Zenimax is a bunch of greedy f*cks.Got it a year ago, played apparently a lot. Always waited for the point where it finally ""gets great"" somehow and just fell victim to the usual grind mechanics. What can I say, last year I had a lot of time at home since I had an accident so stop raising an eyebrow when looking at my playtime."
,Recommended,306130,21538907,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Debryth,"I've played WoW, GW2, FF XIV, and pretty much any MMO but the kitchen sink. This game suffers from a rough intial launch, most of the bad stuff you'll hear about this game are from people who didn't like it at launch. I'd recommend giving it a try, it's pretty good if you can get into it."
76561198129817631,Recommended,306130,23774459,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,CoffeeNotFound,"damn it I bought it at full price, still worth it."
,Recommended,306130,21659766,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Beeto,"Fun for both singleplayer and multiplayer. Beginning, you can have a total of 8 characters at a time. There are three factions to choose from, each comprised of 3 allied races, and all fighting for control over Cyrodiil and its crumbling empire. The Bretons, Orsimer, and Redguards form the Daggerfall Covenant at the northwest of Tamriel. The Altmer, Bosmer, and Khajiit form the Aldmeri Dominion in the south. And the Argonians, Dunmer, and Nords form the Ebonheart Pact at the northeast. With the Explorer Pack, you can play as any of these 9 races regardless of your alliance. You can still play as the Imperial race with the Imperial Edition. The classes are DragonKnight- close-range combat, Templar- healer, Sorcerer- distanced combat, and NightBlades- stealthy. Whichever you choose, I'm sure you'll find a comfortable fighting style. Your character will represent these factions for PvP in Cyrodiil. But don't worry, whichever you choose, you'll still be able to explore the other factions' territories after completing Coldharbour. Though different factions won't interact outside of the PvP zone because they each have their individual non-PvP servers spanning the game continent. I guess for singleplayer/co-op you could say there are 4 campaigns, one for each faction, and Coldharbour. Throughout the game you'll go from country to country exploring and saving the world from those darn Daedra worshippers, and gaining power along the way. There are 50 levels, each requiring more XP than the last. With each level you'll recieve a point to spend on new skills. Another way to upgrade your skills is through collecting Skyshards scattered across the continent, which of every 3 can be combined into another skill point. You can also earn a total of 501 Champion Points to spend in the Champion System similar to the constellation perk system seen in Skyrim. As an MMO, there are times when grouping is best, but when you aren't grouping it almost feels singleplayer if you'd prefer it to be like the other games. After reaching level 10, you'll have access to the PvP zone of Cyrodiil. Each faction enters though a different corner of Cyrodiil to fight for territories in a giant game of capture-the-flag / control points. There are multiple Cyrodiil servers for different preferences. New players have the option to, but aren't limited to join a server for levels 10-49, or another which disallows Champion Points to level the playing field against long-time players. In the center lies the Imperial City (DLC needed) which is overrun with Daedra and enemy players. As for the non-PvP DLCs, I'd recommend the Dark Brotherhood first for a memorable landscape, and because we all love the Dark Brotherhood. Then I'd say the Thieves' Guild because no Elder Scrolls game is complete without these two factions. And finally Wrothgar which sits right above the Covenant territory and is home to the Orsimer. Overall I love this game. Best Elder Scrolls in my opinion. I definitely recommend, but wait for a sale if you're considering buying."
76561197970534424,Recommended,306130,15185467,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Nevyn,"Its's not bad. It's no skrim, but it has that feel to it. Melle combat feels fluid with interups and blocking. I feel magic is a bit lack luster as its alot more simplified then previous ES games. Leveling progression feels fine and the skill/talent system is very versitile. I havn't reached endgame yet but it looks like there is tons to do for whatever you poison(pvp, raiding, pve, crafting). Graphics are stunning and the questing is very much ES style (no go kill so many rats missions). Crafting looks simple at first but it actually has quite a bit of depth."
,Recommended,306130,28267633,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,MW2K,"The goodFaithful to the Elder Scrolls canon (well, it had to be, didn't it? ;) )Decent race and class customisationHuge world to explore, especially with the advent of One TamrielGame has a large population. There's always plenty of people onLargely avoids the kill 10 rats quest paradigm of a lot of other MMOs. Quests actually show a bit of thought and design. There is a bit of step and fetch it involved howeverShared bank space so all your characters on the account can use stuffIf you sub to the game, you get a craft bag, an unlimited bank for all crafting materials. Awesome IMHOExcellent combat and spell effectsCharacter modelling, clothing, armour, etc, is excellentYou can dye your armour and clothesSome wicked sense of humour on display with a few NPCsAwesome sense of progression, both in class levelling and craftingElder Scrolls amorality - kill and rob to your heart's content - though you do need DLC to do this properlyGame is in active development - new content gets added fairly often, and not just cash shop fluff eitherVery challenging boss fights, solo missions, dungeons, etc. By no means a facerollGame is a lot of fun when you have good people to play it withQuick game to log in toM'aiq the Liar, sweet rolls, mudcrabs and fishy sticksThe badImperial race behind a paywallGame is a strict themepark, arguably little replayabililty once you've done it allGame is heading towards pay to win IMHO. It's not there and might not get there, but there are a few ominous signs in the air. The introduction of Crown Crates has put this game into Neverwinter territory a bitWorld graphics aren't particularly crisp or bright. Lots of washed out greys and browns. Lots of repeated texturesMusic is repetitive and occasionally grating. Where's Jeremy Soule when you need him?Community can be juvenilePlayer to player trading and guilds are handled in an awkward and bizarre fashionLastly, the endless debate whether the Elder Scrolls series actually needed an MMO"
,Recommended,306130,30160110,Posted: 24 February,all,Pharticus Maximus,"An engaging MMORPG, very fun combat, loads of customizing your character in looks as well as a unique build if you want to go for something not cookie cutter. Great graphics, loads of story and voice acted NPCs throughout the game. Nice crafting, housing, seems like a very good game overall. Has a lot to do and an interesting world. It is for sure an Elder Scrolls  game even if it is a little different you can really see the style and ways of former ES games has been used to create this MMO version. I don't see a better MMORPG to be playing in 2017."
76561198310357407,Recommended,306130,31716593,Posted: 12 May,all,The Seemonster,"ESO is probably the last mmorpg that is still going uphill instead of downhill. For starters, unlike most mmorpgs these days, ESO isn't pay to win(IMO, although some might argue that being able to buy the mount and storage upgrades is in a sense P2W, but like I said, to me that isn't P2W). I love how you can basically go into whichever build you want, except you can't change your class and for endgame you gotta follow endgame metas etc. but overall it is still pretty versatile. In a sense it reminds me of the good old mmorpg Mabinogi which was, to me, no doubt one of the best, if not the best, mmorpg during it's early years. Now it's just another P2W mmorpg. I definitely recommend ESO for anyone that loves the elder scrolls franchise and to anyone that loves mmorpgs."
76561198065612799,Recommended,306130,32420470,Posted: 14 June,all,emomartian,"Huge fan of MMOs, fan of Skyrim and Oblivion - this is a game I binge every couple months.  The quests are engaging, the combat is entertaining, it is by no means the best MMO I've ever played but well worth the cost.  I like the direction development is going and look forward to watching this game grow."
76561198057102834,Recommended,306130,15962819,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Ginger_NoGhoul👻,"Things you should know:1. Never played any Elder Scrolls game except ESO2. I am a total noob to any kind of MMORPG (ESO is my first)3. CPU: Intel i5 3570GPU: MSI 760I love games where I can explore and follow a path individualized to my personality as a person, there are endless options to choose from as far as leveling up, choosing a race, abilities, alliances, armor, crafting and so forth to be what you want to be in this game.  So If you love adventuring, exploring, leveling up, and easy on the eye graphics you will enjoy this game. Take a look at my screen shots and see what you think, they are taken from live game play.  So far with 80.97 hours on game I have not encountered any kind of glitching except sometimes rarely my sword hits don't register. And my friend had to redo a Dungeon but in the end everything turned out alright and we just leveled up more anyways.  Overall if you are the same as me and are new to this experience take a breath and just enjoy the ride..."
,Recommended,306130,15052357,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Wolf,"Fantastic, story driven game. It has combat, thieving, a fantastic story line, and breathtaking views!"
,Recommended,306130,15184734,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Iskaka,Gamegasm!
76561198041264118,Recommended,306130,15132719,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Nwiede,"Though I have only played for 2 hours it is worthy of the Elder Scrolls name, If you enjoy elder scrolls and you like some mmo elements and friends, buy this."
,Recommended,306130,15116838,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,RegentChief #Draco,The Elder Scrolls® Online: It Doesn't Suck Anymore™
,Recommended,306130,15085136,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,sammoe,"This game is a lot of fun!  In the description it states you can play the way you want to, well it's true.  You can make a sorcerer and wear heavy armor, or a warrior and wear light armor and use a stave.  On top of that you can choose to join groups such as the mages guild or warriors guild and more which also have there own skill line.After a certain level you gain a second ability bar and use of a secondary set of weapon(s).  So one second your a sorcerer summoning daedric pets and shooting fireballs, the next second your dual wielding knives and mowing down highly confused enemies.Armor is not even set in stone.  You can craft in all of the races armor styles!  Then you can even change its color.  Colors are unlocked through achievments.  To add even more custom options you choose different cloth types to craft in changing the gears look even more.Example:  My chracter is a High Elf sorcerer, vampire, thief, wearing heavy armor wielding a staff and will sometimes suddenly use a sword and shield."
,Recommended,306130,15198263,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,InfinityOverkill,Really glad that they droped the subscripton fee for this game. Perfect for any die hard Elder Scrolls players.
,Recommended,306130,22632595,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,mrslovett77,"I have only ever dipped my toes into other MMOS prior to this game (so take this review with a grain of salt), but I personally enjoy the fact that ESO doesn't play like a ""traditional MMO;""; it's exactly why I think I've played as much as I have so far. I mostly do solo player content (which ESO is great at, to be honest), as I find it damn satisying in this game. The voice acting is wonderful, I find the majority of the quests to have enough depth and variation between them to keep me endlessly entertained, and the world is absolutely beautiful. I have, however, done a fair share of the PVE content (all the 1-50 4-man dungeons, most of the delves and dolmens, almost every public dungeon) and find that the game excels here as well. The group finder seems to be lacking still, but I think it's just because most people seem to ignore it and choose to form their own groups in chat. I haven't reached ""end game"" (Veteran ranks) yet or done any PVP so I cannot offer any feedback on these elements, but I will update here once I've experienced these parts of the game.TL;DR This game can very easily play as a single person MMO if you choose to go that route (which I have) and it is a very satisfying experience that way. My decent exposure to group PVE has been largely outstanding as well. Haven't done PVP yet."
,Not Recommended,306130,12674684,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Maj /// Minase // Kyle,"The game wasn't ready when it launched.  The concepts are great, but they executed it dismally.  Everything more or less felt half-finished and sloppily rushed.As a result, the player base was short-lived, and the game quickly began to die.  A lack of end-game content and too much emphasis on PvP started to flush the game down the crapper.  People were unimpressed.Therefore, the game quickly became pay-2-play. It's the only way the game can continue to survive and afford it's very expensive and international servers and staff.  As they grew more desperate to fund their dying game, it more and more became pay-2-win.  Features that were available for free when I bought the game now require a $15/mo subscription.  You can buy an advantage.They've added a lot of content since launch and fixed a lot, but at the cost of adapting to a pay2win/play game model.I guess it's ok.  It's probably the best MMO out there for adults.  But don't expect to get a lot out of the end-game experience."
,Recommended,306130,15772936,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Iceskimo,"At first, I really didn't want to buy this game. I really love the elder scrolls and I am a huge fan. I own all of them and have many hours on them on the pc and xbox. When I first heard about this game I thought it would suck. After a while I gave in and bought it to try it out. I got into it really fast and just couldn't stop playing it. I love this game, it's extremely fun. There's so much to do and achieve in the game. Even if you completely max out one character you've only really completed 1/3 pf the game because there's 2 other groups to be a part of with other characters. This game has a bit of a slow start if you don't know what you're doing but after a while you figure it out and then it really starts rolling. This game gets really fun and addictive really fast. If you play the elder scrolls and don't own this game, I suggest you go buy this game now because it's really fun and I've run out of words to describe how great this game is."
76561197966994547,Not Recommended,306130,20860111,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ChmodX,"I just hit the veteran ranks in this game.  The scenery and graphics are what make this game.  Online really has no point.  Yes there are player vs player matches, but the dungeon missions are stupid.  Suddenly the same creature takes 4 people 10 minutes to kill because they simply say ""this mission requires 4 people"".  None of this game really requires any other people, and there is no story line contingent upon your actions.  There is no real reason to interact with another player you see running around, it's pointless to be online quite honestly.All the other aspects are interesting at FIRST, but quickly get old.  Run around in an open world, encounter random people and do anything they ask.Do that 10,000 times.  Half the time you run to one building, click to talk to one person, run back, click ot talk to another, fight a few guys, then run back again to talk and get some crappy reward that really makes no difference.TIP: The game is scripted to go ONE WAY.  It does not matter what choice you make to kill, or let someone go.  It won't make a difference.I really got bored with this game, I gave it until the veteran ranks and now I'm just trying to run past the same crap non-stop and see if I can just beat a quest that's above my level.  Really, a repetitive boring game with good graphics."
,Not Recommended,306130,32080125,Posted: 31 May,all,Ziero1986,"DO NOT BUY FROM STEAM.If you buy this game from Steam, it will download 60 GB via Steam, then will be forced to redownload THE WHOLE GAME AGAIN via the game's launcher, because apparently Steam's version is out of date. Then, if you have a slow internet connection like I do, redownloading the whole game for 2+ hours apparently counts as playing the game. So good luck on getting a refund, ever. Not like Steam wouldn't have gotten that money anyways, because if they would have given me the refund, I would have spent it on games that aren't so horribly out of date. Thanks for the slap in the face Steam. If you seriously want this game on PC, get it from the actual Bethesda website. The game is great, but its Steam's customer support, or lack thereof, why I don't recommend this game."
,Recommended,306130,32625272,Posted: 21 June,all,Devon,Not usually an MMO player but really enjoy this game.  Felt a lot more like an Elder Scrolls game with other people.
76561198032267380,Recommended,306130,15023340,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Ichinin,"Having played Morrowind, Redguard, Tribunal, Bloodmoon, Oblivion, Oblivion mini DLCs, Knights of the nine, Shivering Isles and Skyrim, i can truely say that this is a worthy followup to the games in the series.What i like about it: Its a free roam, open world exploration game, where you can set off in any direction and discover a living world filled with quests and things to find. Fighters guild and Mages guild are in, like a Main quest for you to finish, which takes you to Oblivion and back. Just like the earlier games. There is crafting now (unline in Oblivion and earlier games), since it is standard in MMOs. The combat is as it was in Oblivion and Skyrim: Dependend on how well YOU fight - there is no buttonmashing-autowin like in WoW or Everquest.So, if you have good abilities - but suck at combat, you die. You can multiclass, like in the original games, the ONLY other game that lets you do this was Horisons. (When i played Horizons long ago, all the players talked about was how much they wanted an elderscrolls MMO.) ESO also support GUI mods, which helps out alot. There is already a minimap and a ""harvester"" like mod that helps you find resources, as well as several total GUI overhaul mods. - check outESOUI.COMfor more info on those. There is also less grind and more content to do.What i do not like about it: I have unfortunately run into a few zones with invisible walls. This i refer to as Bad game Design. There is some lag issues that one of my guild friend also have and some other people as well (they stop moving when i do, and go on when i get unstuck), there isn't ONE auctionhouse or broker, there are PLENTY of them, which makes finding a specific item very hard since you have to go to town to town and talk to 5-6 vendor in each town, and you have to input the same search parameters EVERY TIME you talk to a new NPC vendor.You also have to join a guild to sell items, if the guild cannot afford to offer and win an vendor in a town for a week, you cannot sell any of your hard earned loot to other players - except the people in your guild who then are the only ones who can access the guild store. Unlocking storage (your backpack) and bank space is cheap for the first 10-30 slots, but then it gets expensive. Some quests are annoying and just a variation on a theme, you walk for 2 minutes and run into a NPC that want you to help save his/her village, you walk another 2 minutes and find a similar NPC whos town is attacked and needs saving.Overall: Definitly one of the better MMOs out there, and if you are an elderscrolls geek - click the Buy button now!"
76561198077540181,Recommended,306130,11465096,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Overspool,"I don't know where the bad reviews are coming from, but I'll asume it is because fairweathers are looking for an online skyrim and that isn't what this is.  ESO has some pretty great features, and has already shown future updates and inovations in action rather than just talking about them.  In regards to the gameplay, it's very streamlined with a very smooth combat system and a few trees of class skills along with weapon, armor, world etc skills that make this game very easy to theorycraft, and less meta build focused like other games.The crafting system is very easy to use, and rewarding as well.  Several crafting skills are actually useful and worth investing into, that make a visable difference in gathering etc.  The UI could use a little work, it doesn't show buffs or debuffs as you would expect it to.  The game does support addons, which fixes that issue pretty well though.The entire world is done beautifly and the game is very fun to play, with a lot to do.  The PvP is very similar to WvW from GW2, but much larger and more interactive.  When seiging a keep, you can visably watch the walls crumble as you hit them with seige weapons.  Amazingly the race you pick can also impact what class you play as, due to racial traits actually being useful.  If you are into theorycrafting builds and not settling for a cookiecutter meta build or enjoy pvp, dugeons, NOT fighting for mobs, great world interaction, or pet mudcrabs, this may be the game for you.I struggled with the investment of a b2p then p2p game for a long time, but eventually caved and I don't regret it.  This game is amazing.  The customer service is also very fast and helpful, in my experience replying within the same day(generally within an hour or so).  It is noteworthy that the game is still new, and it isn't perfect.  That being said, the only bug I've found was a graphical error two weeks ago regarding a broken wall.  I'd highly recomend this game to anyone who enjoys mmos."
,Recommended,306130,34698445,Posted: 2 September,all,Blue Prussian,"I don't wanna type things out, just combating the negative reviews of the people that thought this was Skyrim 2.0. It's a good game if you actually like the elder scrolls and not just skyrim."
76561198018475422,Not Recommended,306130,22499246,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Sigmar's Heir,"Going to get a Lot of hate for this but(Note: I will judge this game for what it is and not as a ""Skyrim MMO"")I tried to like it, I really did but... it's the most average mmo I have ever played so far.The Good:+Combat is Unique:It's basically ""Hidden"" tap targeting you point your crosshairs at someone and once at a certain range as long as your cursor is/was still pointing at your last target your attacks will auto hit it. It's decent but still there are no ""real"" projectiles in the game you shoot an arrow and ask someone you didn't target to pass by it or have an npc pass by it and nothing will happen. Anything will auto hit as long as your crosshairs are on it and it didn't dodge. (No planning out shots in advance+Wonderfull Graphics+Explore almost all of tamriel, Oh how I love the bretons and their knightly orders, morrowind and their nostalgic swamps, or the high elves and their beautiful architechture.+Classes do not limit you to a specific weapon, or armor typeThe Bad:-Leveling is Slow and Unrewarding:It would be fine if it was slow, problem is nothing is motivating me to progress any further than where I am now. It feels Like I've seen all the game has to offer halfway through leveling.-PvP Imbalanced:at level 20 with a Templar and I managed to take down 2 level 40's and a 30 on my own with just the Jab skill. I doubt that's intentional game balance.-Low RVR variety:Only way to experience RVR is the Imperial city, which means you will get outnumbered, and matched up with people higher and lower than you. (the scaling barely does anything against v16s)-Only way to RvR is through the Imperial City:This got stale real fast, I wanted to invade the Lands of the Pact, the Covenant, or the Dominion I can see NPCs do It, but we the players can't. (If your reasoning to this is ganking, add PvP flags or create more in world PvP zones.)-Limited number of weapons:I expected we would get, crossbows, spears, and throwing weapons, instead we got them as spells.-Any class , any weapon and armor type is an illusion:Expect to get rekt with the wrong weapon, armor, and class combination.-Boring story:This is just me, but I never really got close to the characters we played with. Plus I hate coming back to Coldharbour it's just so dull.-Biased Alliance quests:EP quests revolve around fighting AD, and DCDC quests revolve around, zombies, werewolves, and talking to ghostsAD quests revolve around cults.EP has the best quest so far that revolve around what ESO advertised on, the faction wars. Can't the other factions have those too? also if you want DC to kill merchants and farmers, let the players have quests that revolve around invading EP, missed a big opportunity there, to solve the lackluster RvR zones.-Limited exploration:you can't go to the other alliance lands unless you faction switch on a veteran rank.(Changed with latest Update, now it doesn't matter what Alliance you are you can walk anywhere you want)Overall it was fun in the beginning but it quickly got boring.UPDATE: Zenimax just announced that they will be releasing dlc's in small bits rather than in expansions""This is all part of TESO's new focus on releasing smaller, more frequent bits of DLC, rather than waiting to unleash it in a massive DLC blob.""Cause they released a dlc called ""Shadows of the hist"" that contains only 2 dungeons for 1500 crowns (about 16$), Make of that what you will.(Another Note:Will edit this review per Major patch if anything changes.)"
76561197971988439,Not Recommended,306130,21084731,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Defiant,"I was never even able to access the game. I was told by customer support, over Reddit, that the problem I was experiencing had already been solved. Then I was ignored. Why was I receiving customer support over Reddit you ask? Because I had absolutely no way to contact their customer support by any other means, except Facebook and Google+, I took the lesser of three evils and tried Reddit.Honestly they genuinely believe the issue is solved, even though dozens of people are contacting them via Facebook, Google+, and Reddit. I've seen six Facebook wall posts there by people describing the same problem as me all posted after the EOS rep replied to me on Reddit. (https://www.reddit.com/user/ZOS_GinaBruno)Here is the response I received.""Was the issue that you guys aren't receiving your one-time passwords? If so, we did have an issue with them over the weekend, but has since been resolved. If there's something else going on, though, please let us know.""First thing wrong with that is that she stated ""over the weekend"". I can see reports on their Facebook of the problem occuring a couple weeks ago, and after searching online I'm seeing reports of it fairly consistently for about three weeks now.So the issue itself is that I'm being told I need a confirmation email to login to the game, and their support forums. I'm able to login to the main website, but the main website is just the game store essentially, and your account information. To access their customer support you have to visit a different website that requires you to login separately. Also worth noting is that I am using the correct email, I've received one confirmation email when I first set my account up, I think that's why I can access the main website, because that's where I entered the confirmation code. There's nothing in my spam folder, I'm familiar with computers in general and am not experiencing issues like this anywhere else.They provide no other means of contacting their customer service other than by being logged in to that customer service website. That means that if you need customer service in order to regain access to your account, you're completely 100%♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck. That to me is the main issue at play here, not the confirmation email issue.Just the way that the one response I finally did get was so dismissive of it, because it was on their social media they obviously had to ""get ahead of it"" and make it seem like the problem was already gone... Instead of actually trying to determine exactly what the problem was, and whether it was fixed...Anyways I can't recommend this game to anyone, I've been talking with a few other people on Facebook who I've seen posting on their Facebook wall, we're all incredulous that this can even happen. I mean I've never experienced anything even close to this in over twenty years of gaming on a PC, and I've dealt with some pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ companies.If this was a new game I could understand it, new games have kinks that need to be worked out. This game is over two years  old, these systems they have in place are there for a reason. It's easier on their customer service if they don't receive random messages, I get that, but the idea that someone will never ever ever run into issues with accessing their account is asanine. That's what they're relying on with the system they have in place.Luckily for me I was able to get a refund even though I technically had two hours played, which was just the ESO launcher downloading a bunch of updates and patching them."
76561198044734779,Recommended,306130,14955953,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Armanicky,"Always wanted to play ESO however was unable to pay a subscription fee, the game going BTP I was expecting them to have put half the game behind a paywall however they did not which is great. I have been playing now for about 5-6 hours and enjoyed every moment so far. I would recommend if you are interested in the TES universe, I say pick it up can't see why not."
76561198037985562,Recommended,306130,14958232,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ChillaKilla,Great Game best MMORPG I have played in a long time and is now Buy 2 Play!!
,Recommended,306130,17748989,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Onyx,"So let's travel back in time to when the Elder Scrolls Online had a monthly subscription. At that time I REALLY wanted the game just because I adore the Elder Scrolls series, but the monthly subscription kept me from buying it straight away. So I waited...And waited. Eventually The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited was released, and the monthy subscription had been cancelled. I'm now a proud owner of this magnificent game.Graphics are beautiful!Gameplay is interesting (Aldmeri quest line is my favourite so far)And overall the community is really friendly.Buy this game, you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,306130,21166276,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,redgreenfluffball,"As an avid elder scrolls fan (playing absurdly large amounts of Morrowind when I was younger, same with Oblivion, and I clocked in probably hundreds of hours on Skyrim when combining console and computer hours), I found it hard to get very far. The biggest issue for me was the player models. They look like garbage. The whole game feels more like a crappy MMO with a elder scrolls eggshell over it. What I would like to see is a co-op elder scrolls, not an MMO. Elder Scrolls was never meant to be an MMO. But I'd be willing to dump $60 into a co-op elder scrolls game, which would probably be much better."
,Recommended,306130,17699365,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Beep Boop Science Chip,"The game has received a lot of bad reviews talking about how it's a WoW clone and it's really buggy, (most of these reviewers played before the Tamriel Unlimited update went live) but I don't think it's true.Bear in mind, I haven't got to endgame yet so I won't talk about it until I have, if I ever do.First of all, it's not buggy, I haven't played too much (around 30-40 hours at the time) and haven't found any bugs (unlike in Skyrim or any Bethesda game).Now, about it being a WoW clone, I don't think it's true (and I do play WoW quite frequently), and it feels way more similar to Everquest 2, mainly because it's very open (at least while leveling). When leveling up, you can walk in a direction and you'll probably find quests there, but it's also really good that it's almost impossible to get lost; in EQ2 I played through the tutorial and everything is cool, but then they take me to the city (Qeynos I think) and you're on your own, so I think ""well, I guess I can just start picking up quests outside the city"", and while it's true, I always ended up taking quests that were 5 levels higher than me, which resulted in awful grinding because I didn't know where to go. In ESO, by the time you get to the higher level quests, you'll be ready to do it, because they put the harder quests far from the starting zones.Also, the quests can feel sometimes like they are the classic ""kill X until Y drops"" or ""go to X, take Y and come back to me"", because they are (just like in Skyrim or any other game) but they know how to hide it, and also you will sometimes get a choice and sometimes it is either the evil way or the good way, but sometimes it's not; the last one I did was about getting a crown for a noble woman and at the end, a ghost that has been helping you, tells you to release him by making the princess touch a cursed crown instead of the real crown, so basically you can give her the real crown or the cursed crown.Combat is kinda action based and kinda targeted, if you've played DC Universe Online, it's pretty much the same without combos, (but way more customizable thanks to the skills being based on your guilds, weapons, class and so on) if you haven't played it, you don't have an auto attack button like in all tab targeting games, but your regular attack is triggered by the mouse button, you can block and dodge, and you can charge your attack, but you also have the hotkey skills.Crafting is also a pretty big part of the game and it's actually pretty ok. I like it but it's not really innovative in any way. You get styles that change the look of the items, but not their stats (so you won't see everyone walking around in the same armor just because it's the most powerful one), and to change their stats you can:1) increase the ingots (or leather or whatever) that will go into the creation of the item, increasing it's level.2) use better materials, which will increase it's level even more, and change the look a little bit, but keep the same style.3) improve the item's quality using rare items, but the upgrade's success is based on how many of this items you use, and if you fail, the item will be destroyed. But this is also the only way to improve items without increasing it's level, which is useful because you can't equip items that outlevel you.And resource gathering isn't bad because there aren't too many mineral deposits, but you can destroy items you have to create materials.I've only been in one dungeon and it was really fun, and it's also a bit more social due to the fact that there's no group finder so you actually have to form a group, I don't really have much more to say.Imperial City PvP is also really big but I haven't played much of it, and if you're into PvP it could be really fun. It also doesn't feel forced into the experience, so if you like PvE you don't actually need to play it.Also, the graphics were criticized because they're stylized or ""cartoony"" but I really like them and you can play on potato PCs without any problem, I could run it in a non gaming netbook as long as I kept the graphics low.It's also really good that there's no monthly sub so you never feel like you need to play and you can pick it up whenever you want.All that being said, the game has it's flaws, but they don't ruin the experience (for me, at least), just hold it back.First of all is the community, specially in Daggerfall's (Daggerfall Covenant's starting zone) General Chat, it's basically Barrens' Chat. Mostly filled with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  And then there's the people you'll find during your leveling experience, that will probably never respond to you and if you invite them to a group, they'll reject even though (s)he knows you're doing the same quest. But, of course, you'll also find some really cool people.The mega server is awful, mostly because there are no ""special ruleset"" servers, so no world PvP and it's also a shame for roleplayers because the only way you'll find roleplay is in a roleplay guild. And it also doesn't serve it's purpose of making zones feel more alive and having friends play with you because it has some really weird phasing thing going on.There are only 4 classes, and even though they're kind of customizable, having more would be great.Also, for the first 16 levels, your gear will look the same way except for the racial styles.There are not too many dyes and most of the easy ones to get aren't really good.One of the most important ones is that you do get that feel of ""I'm the One, but I still see 10 ""the Ones"" walking around"".And the loading screens, I don't think they are that bad for everyone, but if you have a low end PC, you will have some really long loading screens.TL;DR (kind of).After all, I think it's a great game but don't go expecting Elder Scrolls 6, which was most people's mistake, but it's also not an ES themed WoW clone, it actually feels way more open and closer to the ES experience. Also, a little advice, don't rush to endgame, just like in any ES game, you don't rush through it, and now that there's no sub, there's no excuse to rush it.I'll probably update this review once I get to endgame, and I'll also check out the RPing community and overall experience."
76561198229390592,Not Recommended,306130,23723231,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MurlocKing,"I purchased the elder scrolls online awhile ago now. It is ok at best from my last time playing the game. It looks like an elder scrolls game, sounds like an elder scrolls game but it doesn't feel like one. This game has a lot of options but they don't feel particully transitional from each other. I stopped playing as the grouping functions were broken and have recently turned back to eso but I couldn't get into my account and have been told I must re-purchase the £49.99 base game in order to play a game I already own. The support team wasn't helpful and I am awfully disappointed in a game with so much potential not meeting the expectations it promised"
76561198100416247,Recommended,306130,33241638,Posted: 4 July,all,Anton-Cheky,"It isn't really Elder Scrolls 6, don't think it's that. But I have to say I adore the game. If you're looking for Elder Scrolls stuff to fill in the gap before 6 comes out then give this a go"
76561197970857145,Not Recommended,306130,32548955,Posted: 18 June,all,Cero,"This is not an ""elder scrolls experience"", this is your run-of-the-mill MMORPG experience. That being said, it is better than your average MMORPG, though that is not saying much.- This game feels like a theme park, where the NPC are employees, catering to their ""player"" customers, where little timmy needs to wait his turn to save the princess, it does not feel like a land where the NPCs are its people.- All the regions feel the same, and are very un-impressive. E.g. you read about black marsh being incredible inhospitable, of unpassable terrain, subterrain worm trains etc. Nothing like that, it just has more trees and puddles. Alikir desert, it just has more sand and less trees. Altmer cities with insect wing like constructins etc, nope, just basic buildings and trees.- You are the (non-ironic) chosen one... among the thousands of chosen ones... who hold such ancient traditional names like: Loudsex, N00b-sl4y3r-9000, Apple-products-sux, Analhamster etc. in their royal neon pink bikinies, hopping around like bunnies spewing profanities. This totally increases immersion.- While supposedly being a multiplayer game, there are so many instances where the game will not let you play with your friends, nor can you complete the quests together (like in borderlands), instead, you must both complete them on your own. This becomes even greater issue when if you have completed a quest, and your friend has not, and many times, this prevents you from even helping them.Overall, like all MMORPGS, it relies on an addiction factor, like a more complex candy crush, incentivizing you to play it as a daily routine, via artificial timer constraints, that can only be done every 20-24h, in addition, with crafting timers from 1 up to 30 real life days.This game just leaves you wanting to play a proper TES game, or just a proper RPG."
,Recommended,306130,17273250,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Rare Pepe: *Do Not Steal*,"8/8, no bait, would buy again.- I've played my fair share of MMO's.- This is not your typical MMO (WoW, Guild Wars 2 etc..).- Hands down, the most immersive GAME I've EVER played (excluding other Elder Scroll games).- Combat system is both exciting and tactical. 9/10.- The world and quest locations are well designed and relevent (no fetching).- Covenant system is a bummer if you want to play with others but still! not a biggie! Jusy chose the same covenant!If you're looking for a quick fix this isn't your game! 24 hours in and I still haven't left the first area <3"
76561198054649912,Recommended,306130,20333387,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Daenarys Targaryen,"If you're a bit skeptical or on the fence like I was before I bought this game then wait till it's on sale and try it out - you can always refund it if you don't like it. A lot of people on here complain saying this game is disappointing, that it isn't a ""true Elder Scrolls game"". Well I disagree completely!This game IS a proper Elder Scrolls game. At its core it is everything you would expect from a proper TES game - freedom to explore, freedom to forge your own character and playstyle, freedom of choice and freedom of approach to situations - do you go into a dungeon shouting battlecries and swinging your battleaxe, or do you take the stealthier approach? Both can be done, and are not mutually exclusive at all - you have total freedom in skill choice. It plays very similarly to the older titles in general, and you start off as a prisoner, escape and then go on to explore the world as you see fit. There is no linear progression path like in other MMOs. You could start in Morrowind for example but run around the entire zone in an unrestrained manner, killing monsters and exploring dungeons and ignoring quests if you so choose.You can do almost everything in this game that you could in the older titles: Sneak around, steal things, murder people, join factions, make choices that affect the world, make your own unique character build, play in FIRST PERSON with the same / similar combat system to the older games with great new features, find hidden dungeons, secret lore, uncover mysteries etc. Even better is that more features will be added as time goes on.But what this game does also is enhance the experience by adding new features from other MMOs. This makes it feel fresh and new, because it combines the best aspects of the singleplayer TES games and MMOs like WoW - you have an action bar associated with your weapon, with abilities hotkeyed to the number keys, which you use alongside your standard attacks, power attacks, blocking and bashing.It breathes new life into the MMO genre I think by having a unique combat system that is addictive, intuitive, much more tactical, and above all FUN. It doesn't feel grindy at all either because the quests are all genuinely interesting and fun, the stories are meaningful and touching, as you would expect from an Elder Scrolls game, and the world is one I am deeply fond of and immersed in already from playing the older games for thousands of hours. Plus you can explore areas that haven't been available in a TES game since Arena or Daggerfall, like Summerset Isle and Valenwood - games which you can't exactly call high-tech.The music is another strongpoint of this game, because even though it's clearly been designed to be as ambient and non-intrusive as possible for the MMO format, you can still hear familiar themes rise up from the pleasant ambience from time to time, like Watchman's Ease from Oblivion and Blessing of Vivec from Morrowind. The theme is also excellent and was composed by none other than Jeremy Soule, adding to the authentic feeling of the game.Then of course you have the multiplayer. I have yet to experience this, but from what almost everyone else has said it is supposed to be excellent. Time will tell for me, I've only scratched the surface of this beautiful game.Speaking of beautiful, the GRAPHICS in this game are excellent and miles better than Skyrim's. The colours are vivid and rich, the shadows are excellent and free of striping that plagued the older games, all the animations are wonderful and smooth, the scenery is amazing and the flora / fauna of the world is highly consistent with older games - giant mushrooms, Alits, Netches and more in Morrowind for example.On top of all this, we get to meet characters that have always been mentioned in books in previous games but whom we never met -  Mannimarco, Molag Bal, Sotha Sil in the upcoming Clockwork City DLC, to name a few. Speaking of DLC, this game is constantly being updated. They frequently add new areas, such as the recently added Orsinium, and factions such as the upcoming Dark Brotherhood. Eventually I hope they will add every last area of Tamriel, especially Vvardenfell!I think ultimately that the reason someone would dislike this game is not because it's objectively ""bad"" but simply because it isn't their cup of tea. I however love it - I would go so far as to say that it ranks alongside the older, legendary titles."
,Recommended,306130,14961312,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,{Konungr}Wingi,Great game!! Not disappointed at all!!! Almost better than Skyrim actually!
76561198015075224,Recommended,306130,23905576,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Furedi Maakyurii,"you know i kinda expected this game to be real♥♥♥♥♥♥and it was for the first couple of months/years it was outbut zenimax has gotten their♥♥♥♥♥♥togetheri think the story, despite being a bit cliche, is great! the gameplay how you'd expect it to be- it's a mix of elder scrolls combat with hints of MMO sprinkled all over it.one thing I recommend though- GET ADDONS they can literally save your goddamn lifethe biggest problem i have with it the dlc but honestly we're all still gonna buy the dlc nonethelesstl;dr daggerfall covenant rules aldmeri domnion drools"
,Recommended,306130,23972663,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,oAscendancy,"I have personally been loving this game all around. I started playing on PlayStation with a couple friends but now am playing solo on PC. I have been enjoying it by myself and enjoyed it before with friends, I think either way it's worth playing.. Or at least giving it a shot! It has it's flaws of course, and I'm very picky when it comes to MMO's. This one just grabbed me as soon as I started playing and 100+ hours later I'm still loving it! Definitely recommended"
76561198292552362,Recommended,306130,23805732,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,VoiceRadius,"This game is one of the best MMORPG games I have ever played.Yes, Its not Skyrim, Morrowind or whatever. Not even close, but the plot is the same.Yeah, Skyrim's Fanboys WILL be mad.But please. This game is so good in so many ways.Textures, varied and unique quests and some really nice community.The only con in my opinion, is the hard-time to level up.This game is recommended to all MMORPG lovers, But remember: its not Skyrim.8.5/10."
,Recommended,306130,23856061,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,agoonk,"Amazing !, got lots of negative feedback on its early published, but now getting stronger, better and addictive :)"
76561197993380223,Recommended,306130,35429327,Posted: 2 October,all,Motherball,"Definitely one of the best games I've played in a very long time. If you like Skyrim, Dragon Age, Fallout, World of Warcraft, etc, there is a good chance you should try this game.+ Character customization+ Level scaling+ Exploration+ Graphics+ Justice System+ Guild Trader+ Add-ons+ Story and quests+ Generous subscription option+ Crafting System+ Resource gathering, farming, and economy+ Day/Night cycles and weather systems+ Audio, music, ambiance+ Voice acting+ Player HousingCharacter customization is amazing. Nearly on par with Skyrim and the likes. Level scaling is something not everyone likes, but so far I really love it. Exploration is rewarding with chests, skyshards (skill points) and lore books. Always something stuck in odd nooks and crannys. The graphics are phenomenal and remind me of Skyrim and Fallout series alot. The justice system is not very realistic, but interesting enough to make it fun. The consequences are light, but can be fairly expensive if you aren't careful. The Guild Trader is something some like and other's don't. For me, I would prefer a regular Auction House simply for convenience when looking for things to buy, but the way they have it set up helps prevent a lot of the negative econmic situations other games deal with, such as gold farmers, inflation, and monopolies.Add-ons are great. While the few that I use seem like they should have been in the game to begin with, it's nice to have the option to modify the game. The crafting system is quite deep and engaging, much moreso than most other games I have played, ever. Add to this the hunting and gathering economy and if you like to farm, this game makes that very rewarding. The stories and quests are top-notch with very colorful writing and voice acting. I recognized many of the voices from other games and television series. Some of the best ever. The music is light and entrancing. Very moody and some thought was put into which music to play for which zone. I really love the audio in this game, as well as the ambiance and immersion of the day/night cycles and weather patterns.While the game is buy to play, the sub gives you infinite crafting bag space and access to every DLC past and future as well as a 1500 crown stipend to use in the cash store where you can buy mounts, costumes, and loads of other uncecessary things. But if you like that sort of thing, this game has quite a lot to offer, even if it is mostly overprices outside of sales and the monthly stipend, in my opnion. I haven't gotten much into the player housing, but the fact that the game has it says something, because many do not. And from what I can tell, the system is very robust, with most if not all items being craftable. This makes for a very lucrative market as well as a nice gold dump for the economy. The one big drawback is that players are limited to the number of items they can have in each house.- No Global Auction House- Terrible search function/guild trader interface- Drab looking gear- Multiple guilds- No Visual Buff/Debuff indicators for self, party, or target outside of graphical effects.- Limited skill slots- Year old UI bugsAgain, with the guild trader system there are things I like about it and things I don't. It's a little too convoluted and cumbersome for my personal taste, but I do genuinely like what it's trying to do/be. Maybe in time it will get better. Thankfully there are add-ons that make this part of the game palatable for those that enjoy it. The gear is rather drab looking for the most part, at least at the lower levels. There are dye stations around towns to help spice it up, but you have to unlock the colors with achievements and some of the better ones are locked behind difficult or lengthy objectives. While I don't mind earning them (or not), it would be nice to not have to wear a costume all the time when my gear sets don't match.Some players like being able to join multiple guilds. I like it too for the most part. Joining and leaving guilds is very simple and it wasn't hard for me to find several that I enjoy. The problem is with a 500 player limit in each guild, one may feel forced into joining 5 just to be able to trade all their goods every week. That doesn't leave a lot of room for the non-trading guilds that I would otherwise enjoy as well. The reason for this is because the guild traders have designated areas to sell, so each guild has to bid on those spots every week. If a guild you are in doesn't win a bid, you can't trade with a guild trader in that guild for that week. And many of the guilds that are able to stay in good areas consistently charge very high dues/minimum sales. Its kind of supply and demand, and I get that, but for new players, it can be difficult when just starting out and trying to offload your trash for some upgrades or potions/food. Also, having 5 guilds in one chatbar is a huge nightmare. If there are options to make this less painful, I haven't found them yet.No visual buff indicators is something that, again, can be alleviated with add-ons, but I feel it shouldn't have to be. Along with the minimap, it should be an option included in the game that more hardcore players can choose to disable if they wish. The number of hotbar actions allowed is 5 plus 1 ultimate. At level 15 you get a second bar (both based on weapon type) with 5 more slots and another ultimate slot. This is good for some players and bad for others. Personally, I like games where I have access to all my abilities at all times and get to decide on the fly which one I use. I do appreciate the strategy involved with limited skills, but being that every skill had to be leveled up and morphed individually through using it, while very cool in itself, makes combat and skill levling more convoluted than I am used to or prefer. I've run into a bug that shows guild has no guild trader, when they, in fact, do. Apparently this bug has been around since Morrowind released, a year ago. Some of the other UI are kinda janky, like when you are looking at your listed items for one guild, and you switch to another guild, and it shows no listings, so you have to click ""sell"" and then back to ""listings"" to be able to see the items. Annoying.Lastly since it is an action/combat game, the combat is good. Its fun and engaging and there are so many options it is pretty overwhelming at first, tbh. After toying with it for awhile, I feel overall the combat is average. Some things I like, and some things I miss. It's fairly fluid, but also largely predictable for me, so far. I feel like some ablities and such are more powerful which kind of pigeonholes some classes beyond the ""magicka or stamina' decision. The classes themselves are fun and unique and I like how there are cross-combinations depending on what weapon the character is using. Gear sets make statistics junkies right at home as well."
,Recommended,306130,22651874,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Skarphedinn,"What the ♥♥♥♥ did you just do to me, Molag Bal? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Mages Guild, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Daedric Anchors, and I have over 300 confirmed Daedroth kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top posion arrow spammer in Cyrodiil. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the ♥♥♥♥ out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on Nirn, mark my ♥♥♥♥ing words. You think you can get away with stealing my soul? Think again, ♥♥♥♥er. As we speak I am contacting every member of the Dark Brotherhood and Morag Tong. I'm opening a portal to Cold Harbor right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your daedric realm. You’re ♥♥♥♥ing dead, Molag Bal. I can be anywhere in Nirn or Oblivion at any time. And I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my Mages Guild skill tree. Not only am I extensively trained in spamming Biting Jabs, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the Daggerfall Covenant and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable♥♥♥♥♥off of the face of Oblivion, you little♥♥♥♥♥♥ If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “plan"" of stealing my soul was going to bring down upon you, maybe you should've stayed in Cold Harbor. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you eight-damn idiot. I will♥♥♥♥♥♥fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re ♥♥♥♥ing dead, Molag Bal."
,Recommended,306130,28447567,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Medusahead,"I hated this game back when it was in beta and I was fully prepared to forget about it and wait for the Elder Scrolls 6. However I came back when the game went on sale and found the game has improved massively. It has one of the best pvp experiences of any MMO that I have played thus far.The biggest question which most people want to know is, is this an Elder Scrolls game? Is it like Skyrim? The most common criticism is that ESO is not an Elder Scrolls game because it's not like Skyrim, this position rather bugs me considering that Skyrim is just one entry in the series and most people that hold this position haven't taken the time to experience other entries of the series which have major differences to Skyrim. In fact I would have agreed that ESO is not an Elder Scrolls game back when the game came out. On launch your character was restricted in a typical mmo fashion, Can't go to this zone until you reach this level, can't do this until you complete this, can't go here with X, can't do Y without Z. ESO used to be a typical on rails MMO experience until they overhauled the game, made everything scale to the player's level and opened up the game to allow the player to go wherever they want. This was one of the big features which made me come back to the game. Having an mmo where you can progress wherever and however you want is almost unheard of for an MMO. This is the freedom you'd expect from an Elder Scrolls  where you can pick a random spot on the map and explore. In fact unlike in most MMOs you DON'T need to quests to progress, in fact it's probably the only MMO that I'd recommend against questing which in my opinion is one of the most tedious, mind breakingly boring parts of mmos. You can level up at faster pace simply by exploring and doing the stuff you feel like doing instead of the stuff you're made to like a typical mmo.Combat in ESO is a massive step up from the typical WoW clone formula. IE Tab target an enemy and press the number keys in a sequence over and over until the enemies are dead. In ESO you have to aim your weapon, block attacks and roll out of the way from incoming dangers. Unlike an MMO where you have about 150 abilities that you all bind to seperate keys and tap them one after another in a sequence, in this game you have 6 abilities which you combine with your weapon attacks to do damage to an enemy. You might for instance charge up a heavy attack and then throw a fireball right after for a massive burst of damage. Combat is not simply about doing your abilities in sequence but using the right abilility in right situation. You can hold two weapons with two sets of abilities for a total of 12, so switching between your weapons is an important part of combat. I would actually argue that the combat in ESO has more depth than any Elder Scrolls game to date. Even in Skyrim the combat boiled down to spamming the enemy with the same attack over and over until they died. In ESO you have to make much more tactical decisions while managing your stamina and magicka. None of the artificial difficulty of Skyrim, such as playing as a mage and getting one shotted by an iron arrow suddenly from 100 yards away because robes don't give any armour points.On the topic of Combat ESO supports first person view and third person. However unlike in the main Elder Scrolls series where the game plays best in the first person view, this game pretty much requires you to play in third person as you need to be able to see everything around you at all times, especially in pvp. The fact that ESO is primarily a third person game will put many people off, but I personally enjoy the game in third person.There ARE classes in this game. However unlike in a mmo where all your characters abilities come from your class and class skill trees, ESO has something quite different. In the game there are various skill lines. For example the two handed skil line, as you use your two handed weapon you will unlock new skills from that skill line. It's entirely possible to create a character build that doesn't use any class abilities at all, such as a vampire hunter build which is hilarious for trolling edgy werewolf and vampire characters in pvp. You essentially make a completely custom class from the various types of skills you can master. Your initial class choice is still important choice and you are locked into that class choice, also don't expect your warrior to be able to do massive damage with spells if you haven't specialized in magicka. The fact that you can encounter an enemy player with a completely custom array of abilities makes pvp encounters extremely interesting.PVP is the biggest selling point of this game. Cyrodil isn't the peaceful woodland from Oblivion that you go around picking flowers in, there is a literal war going on there between players. Players fight for territory in Cyrodil by assaulting enemy resources such as farms and mines, but the main goal is to capture the enemy fortifications. Players fight for enemy keeps and outposts by assaulting them with siege weapons. Fights can break out between dozens and sometimes even hundreds of players at a single time. It's a truly epic moment when you see rows trebutchets and ballistas start destroying the enemies walls while masses of players clash together in a huge fight. It's brilliant chaos, particularly when you fire a flaming ballista into a group of 5 unsuspecting players and watch them panic. cyrodil isn't a simple 10 minute battleground but a massive zone dedicated to pvp. When one faction controls all of the keeps around the imperial city, the best player from that faction actually becomes the Emperor of Tamriel. When a player becomes emperor they essentially become Sauron in pvp. The emperor is like a world boss in cyrodil only a player in controlling them.The best part about PVP and Cyrodil is that you can get massive amounts of xp from it as well as amazing gear as you level up. there are many guides out there that say you can't level up effictively in Cyrodil but this is completely false. You can get Xp from joining the large battles in Cyrodil and contributing, even as a low level. But there is also a place in Cyrodil dedicated to pve, the imperial city. The pve is a huge dungeon with many different zones, it is filled with monsters and bosses and there is also a sewer area ontop of the city. You can take on the Imperial city solo or join a group and go after the bosses too. Players from the enemy factions are also in this area looking for loot so pvp can break out at any moment you're in there. You can mug other players for their money (tel var stones) in this area so the stakes are high. Sometimes a group running a boss will unexpectedly run into another group and a massive fight will break out. You can pretty much level up exclusively in this area or in Cyrodil without having to do boring quests.In conclusion. This game has an amazing pvp experience, the combat has much more depth and is far more satisfying than any typical MMO. However the skill floor for the game is somewhat high which may leave a casual Skyrim player overwhelmed. Questing in ESO is dull like pretty much any MMO (Although not nearly as dull as FFXIV), but the the game allows players to level up through exploration instead of tedious quests. This isn't a sequel to Skyrim but it is most definitely an Elder Scrolls game. Things such as stealing, murdering random people in towns and finding items in the enviroment are all in the game, but remember that this is an mmo with thousands of people playing at once so don't expect stuff like Radiant AI or a physics engine. Buy the game mainly for the pvp and social experience."
,Recommended,306130,15210073,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Double D,11/10 would steal sweetrolls again
76561197992159417,Recommended,306130,22332837,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Apocalypse 1911,"Amazing game, i had written a huge review but steam crashed and the whole review got erased...I really love this game and im only lvl 40, i play it as a single player game with a daily dungeon in which i party up with other 4 random ppl.It is a lot of fun and i must say the side quests in this game are by far the best in any game, mmo or single player.Side quest Spoiler: A random nord asked me for help cause the giants where attacking his village, i obviously agreed since i am the hero of the whole realm, Long story short the mofo was actually chopping the giants and feeding them to his comrades in an attempt to acquire their strength and rule their place... No wonder those giants were mad and attacking...On Another side quest (SPOILER) We were being attacked by some coventant so a friend thought it would be smart for her to get captured and try to get some info from them,,, the covenant was alligned with some witches who ate human eyes... long story short my friend got her eyes fed to a witch and lost her sight forever, Sure i rescued her and killed the witches but her sight is forever lost.And that is just a side quest but they are all like that, fully voiced, well acted and amazing stories.Its really a master piece of a game story wise.I literally think im doing a main quest several times because i think NO WAY THIS IS JUST A SIDEQUEST, but it is...I really feel like: what kind of adventure will this game provide me next with some random side quest and off course i still have the 4 main quests, from the guilds, and the main main quest.So it really has a LOT of content and i honestly dont think i will every finish it since i already have aound 100 hours and i literally am just a noob who only knows like 6 dungeons so far.Just take your time with this game, it will be slow at start, specially without a mount, but once you get that and reach around lvl 15 the game really shines.I played WoW, Swtor, ffxiv, tera, GW2, NVW and lots of other MMOs and this one is honestly the richest story wise and immersion, i really LOVE about 90% of the side quests, and i dont say all of them cause there are still some old side quests which are just crap but so far, 90% of them are like a mini main story, its incredible.Combat is pretty good, i really feel like im swinging my 2h sword in the enemies bodies but i cant say much more cause i am still a noob who doesnt know what im doing but so far so good.It does have some bugs but so far nothing big.About the store i honestly didnt even check it out so far cause i dont need anything other than what the game brings.And thats it so far, back to my adventures, atm i have to kill an ancient Vampire so wish me LUCK!!!!"
76561198069989806,Not Recommended,306130,23372444,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,bethelabba,"Absolutely the worst gaming experience I have had in my 30+ years of PC Gaming.EDIT: Since everyone's moaning about my connection --- I am an American living in Taiwan.  Taiwan is an Earthquake region, so they can't just lay fiber-optic cable to improve everyone's way of life.  I am working with what is standard here... and from that... you get this review.Likewise --- I do realize my review has nothing to do with the GAME PLAY but rather the MEMORY HOG that the game is.   When I had written this, I hadn't played even one minute... all because of the stupid loops and fire-walking after the initial Download.That said --- STEAM User Atlana said it best in the comments:   Why couldn't ESO / LeniMax simply have included all the patches in the original download?  And why do we have to have 8gigs of unnecessary voice rendering in French and German downloaded?__________I am 52, I've been gaming since 1984.   I've gone through a lot, but always within the Sci-Fi / Fantasy RPG or FPS genre.   I love Star Wars titles, especially those where you get to play out the storyline as a character.  My favorite game is a little known title for theAtari ST(The first 1 megabyte system... boy have we come a long way) called ""Captive""But after 30 years.... this....FIASCO... of a game plan.Right nowSTEAMshows that I have played 6 hours of this game.That is a lie.  A Bold faced lie.What I have done is waited and waited and waited for the opportunity to play.... without the actual ability to do so.   I bought this gameTHREE FULL DAYS AGO(capital letters for stress, not to shout)  and as of yet, I haven't played one minute.STEP ONE:  purchase the game.It's on sale.  I have the money.  I loved Oblivion and Skyrim (still play both) so why not grab Tamriel Online?  Start to finish it only takes less than 5 minutes for me to purchase the game.  I buy Portal 2 with it (for a slight discount) and set about downloading both.STEP TWO: Download the game.I have a new computer.  I only bought it 2 weeks ago.It has 8g of RAM, it has another 4g of RAM on the video card.  It has a 1T Hard Drive.  It's souped up and ready to rock.   It's running WIN10 which I don't care for.  (This system is too intrusive and invasive.  It steals infomration rather than asking for it..... such as how I found the passwords from my Father-in-laws network in the Wi-Fi connections.... and he lives 400 miles from here!!!!!  WIN10 grabbed the info from my cellphone without my permission.)Anyway --- rocking system, I'm running both Wi-Fi and dial-up on it.  I start Download and then learn that this game has 56GIGS of information to download.Turn off monitor, go to bed, wake up next morning.   12% done... needs another 22 hours.TWENTY TWO HOURS.... for downloading a game.  I could do it faster if I had DVDs to swap!!!!!!STEP THREE: the waitingOK it wants 22 hours to download, I will give it that.  I leave my computer on for the next full day and get myself busy elsewhere.... occassionally checking in to see how progress is going.   All in all it takes nearly 34 hours start to finish to download the game.  I even tried switching my access port to North Korea figuring the Communists probably don't have many gamers downloading over-bloated game content.I spent 7 years playing the original Guild Wars.   Great game... wonderful game... I still have all the Content Discs and all the expansions.    Last time I loaded it up... it took only 3 hours start to finish.  That was something like 14 CD swaps to load.34 hours...... and I haven't played the game yet.STEP FOUR: The hidden traps.OK, OK, OK, I have finally gotten the game installed.  I anxiously click on PLAY --- the intro screen graphics are amazing!!!!   PLAY...... and.....start downloading patches and updates.WHAT!!!!!For the next SIX HOURS -----SIX STRAIGHT HOURS------- I watch as my system continues to download this memory hog.  At one point, after hours of waiting, I am at 99% after a few hours of getting there... I am literally drooling to get into this game.... I watch as it clicks from 99%..... to the next patch.  It took 2 hours to download one patch / update.I'm now beginning to wonder if ANYONE has ever played this game.Anyway.... six hours of waiting.... all patches downloaded... I finally get to click on PLAY (and really hopefully get to play this time....) It's nearly midnight on the 2nd day after I bought this game.....I click play.....You have to set up an account with Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited.WHAT!?!?!?   You mean you couldn't have told  me this FIRST while I was waiting for the stupid patches to download?!?!?!?Ok, Ok, Ok, how long can this take?STEP FIVE:  Insanity upon InsanityOK, so I am directed over to ESO's website.  I set up an account.  My name ""BethelAbba"" Isn't taken (rarely is... it's a Hebrew phrase) I set up a password.  Go to Email ---- Find new Verification Email --- click on Verify.   Account Verified...Go back to STEAM..... click PLAY....  Enter account name & password.Account not recognized.Give me a break!!!!!!I assume that SOMEHOW I managed to screw my password up.   Not usual, but it does happen.  I go over to ESO website, click out of my account, click to sign back in... and tell it I forgot my password.   Go to Email ---- find Password Reset Email ---- Click on link....... reset password.Go Back to STEAM (see a pattern here?)..... click PLAY....  Enter account name & password.Account not recognized.No kidding.  No fooling.  No FREAKIN' WAY!!!I go back to ESO.... I review my account page thoroughly.  That's when I find out that I have to ""Choose an account option"" --- do I want to pay through the nose monthly to play a game I already paid good money for?  (Thank you Blizzard for this STUPID method of extracting more money from gamers.  It's precisely why I will never buy another Blizzard game as long as I live.)Ok. Ok. Ok.   I choose that I don't want their stupidPAY-PER-PLAYcrap... let me have a free account, I don't care if it's just basic and I don't get extra ""goodies"".  I'm not paying another cent for something I already bought.Run BACK to STEAM..... click on PLAY again... for the .... 4th time?!?!?  5th time?!?!?  6th time?!?!?  i've lost count now....ESO Does not recognize this computer as Valid.   An Email has been sent to your account... please find code and return with that code.Youhavegottobefreakin'kiddingme.RUN BACK TO EMAIL..... Find Code.... enter Code.... access validated... but now it is after midnight....I need to go to sleep.CONCLUSION: Write sh*tty reviewI still haven't played one minute of this game.  It's been 56 hours now since I bought the game.... and all I have done is watch the ZeniMax intro... about 3 or 4 times actually.  I haven't set up a character.   I haven't watched a cut-scene.  I haven't spent a single minute actually playing the game, although STEAM shows 6 hours of game-time.What I have learned is that this game is the absolute worst memory hog in the history of Gaming.  That they have hoops for you to jump through which they don't even tell you about.   That they con you with promises of it being free-play... but then offer you a monthly subscription if youREALLYwant to play.I honestly hope my review gets 10000 thumbs up so that ZeniMax reads this and sees that people are fed up with this sort of crap.56 hours.... and not one minute of game time.  If this is the future of gaming.... I'm bowing out now while I still have my sanity."
76561198059782377,Recommended,306130,16931973,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ArcticSpartan117,"I will begin this review by saying that I had heard nothing but bad things about ESO prior to the March 17th release of Tamriel Unlimited. Further more Angry Joe's review showed that the game did not live up to the franchise name Elder Scrolls that this game was released under.A couple days ago I finally bit the bullet and purchased the game. This game is AMAZING! Do not make the mistake of expecting it to be exactly like Skyrim with a multiplayer option like I did. It feels like a MMO in some ways, and in others you can clearly see influences from great titles like the above mentioned Skyrim. A great example of this is in my adventures I came across a chicken, of course we all know what to do with a chicken in an Elder Scrolls game. I proceeded to kill the chicken. because of that action immediately afterwards I was killed by the guards. That is proof of a true Elder Scrolls game right there! This game has benefited greatly from the build up of fantastic game mechanics and lore with everything else that has made the Elder Scrolls series winGame of the Year awards many times.We have covered where the game came from and where it is today. What about game mechanics? How does the game play? The answer is it plays surprisingly smooth. The regions your character travels through are huge! The land well populated with quest givers of all sorts, a great variety of different kinds of quests. The quests vary from serious to hilarious, at one moment you will be saving the world and at the next you are looking for a pig named Glutton in to settle a dispute between two business owners. I could keep on going about everything this game does right.What about the Cons? What does this game do wrong? There are no perfect games, they all have problems. My primary complaint with ESO is everything you buy in the game whether from the Crown Store or purchasing items from merchants is ridiculously expensive. You earn gold very slowly, the majority coming from quest rewards. Things like this are more than slightly in your face saying buy the Imperial Edition, Buy Gold, Buy Crowns, all with real money. I completely understand having mounts and outfits for sale in a store for real money. That is what MMOs do. But the merchant prices as well? That is over the top. In my 8.5 hours of game play I have earned 1,500.00 gold from selling items, killing creatures and the majority from quest rewards. An example of how much items cost is a basic bow is going run you about 1,100.00 gold, a basic horse is 10,000.00 gold. You do have the option to purchase a horse form the Crown Store for 900 Crowns, you are given 500 Crowns at the beginning of the game.And of course Crowns cost real money.Everything included like the other reviewers are saying the positives far out way the negatives. In my mind this title is a must buy.-GhillieBear"
76561198066507371,Recommended,306130,23605730,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Cavy,"Ok people got really ancy with this game. Personally I don't know why. Graphics are great, gameplay was enjoyable, exploring is rewarding as always and the game has many enjoyable assets to it.I'd give 7/10"
,Recommended,306130,16229830,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Hazuru,The fact that you can perform necrophilia on a corpse with the push ups emote makes this the best Elder Scrolls game.
,Recommended,306130,15459611,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Jarl Gris,"I recommend this game, but only because I looked at it as a game within the universe of Elder Scrolls without being a true Elder Scrolls game.The ProsInteresting quest lines outside of the main quest and dialogues (if you read them, which you don't have to most of the time)Outrageously fun dungeons, and AI that has some pretty clever ways of screwing you overVast and aesthetically pleasing world. It's well designed and quite varied from one region to another. You never get the feeling like you've been in the same place forever if you do any exploringGreat customization options for building characters, and skill/attribute sets. One can spend a tremendous amount of time trying out new builds and characters that feel VASTLY different within the first 10 levels.If you're an RPer (which I am not), there a bajillion different guys online willing to do it with you for any number of different roles. Of course, there's really an easy community for any type of player and ESO players have, in my experience, been some of the most helpful and friendly gamers I've dealt with on PC or consoles.Free to play and play is free. Once you've bought the game, it's now free which is definitely nice. Once you're in the game, you can do whatever you'd like. There is no hard line that says where and when you have to go do anything.The ConsGrouping is semi-difficult and allows for some serious wackiness (dungeon lvl 10, but all non-leader party members are lvl 40. Waat?)Lack of some of the epic feel of previous ES titles. One's world isn't that heavily shaped by the decisions he makes in the game.PvP is outrageous imo. Spamming AoEs seems to be the main strategy, so many sieges tend to look like straight Biblical disasters with similar carnage, but no real skill. Lots of people and lots of ranged firey effects.The Crown Store. I find paying for cosmetic enhancements frustrating and ridiculous.No dueling options. This was one of the only features I loved about WoW. You could challenge your friends who played ""on the same team"". There are ""dueling guilds"" but they practice dueling within a PvP zone that is based on huge group combats. It's cumbersome.Wait for a sale, but this game is definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,306130,19196041,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ArtisticCent,"Great game! A must-play! If you feel like doing PVP, go to cyrodiil, quests, go anywhere else. ESO has the best graphics from an mmo made in the west. I 100% recommend it :D"
76561197963521933,Not Recommended,306130,26583113,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,El_Dorado[NL],"The support on this game is so so so bad. I have never experienced such poor support from any game I'v played. My character was gone, washed away from the server and they never resolved this issue. This is how they keep 'responding' without helping:---- Response By (Chet) (11/14/2016 09:55 AM)Greetings again,We are currently experiencing very high ticket volume and we apologize for your long wait. We value your patronage and are doing our best to respond to each customer’s issue.If you still need help from an agent, please reply to this email so that we may continue to assist you.We apologize for the wait and thank you for your continued patience.Warm Regards,The Elder Scrolls Online Team---- Customer By (Patrick Leijte) (11/13/2016 10:26 AM)Oh come on now. Is this really the common ESO support? Only repsond by saying that I have to respond back, two times in a row!I was patience but now I had it. I'm going to delete this game permanently.Thanks for nothingConclusion:Make that three times in a row without any help!"
76561198163527084,Recommended,306130,14866896,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Lexuis3.5,The Elder Scrolls mmo ROCKS ! ! !  If you don't like it you probably couldn't find your own♥♥♥♥♥♥with a clairvoyance spell.
76561198025637125,Not Recommended,306130,26207248,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,framed,"I downloaded this enormous game through steam, which went perfectly well.  When I launched the game, it attempted to update itself and failed, downloading and failing to verify the same 2 GB of data over and over.  After about 15 hours of this, I gave up and requested a refund through steam.  Since I never played the game I figured this would be no problem, but steam considered the 15 hours I spent trying to update as playtime and denied the request."
,Recommended,306130,26648955,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Jurza,"I have played this game since Beta, I have never seen a game come as far as this one! Truley fun action-packed combat and an amazingly huge world to explore. Highly Recommend."
,Recommended,306130,23280321,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Sound,"Do you like the lore in Elder Scrolls? Have you played every single game? Great, because you don't need any of those things to play this game and get into it. For myself, I only casualled have played Oblvion and SKyrim- so I came into ESO with pratiically no background other then there were cool playible races.Compaired to other current generation MMOs out on the market this game is beautiful, interactive, lore and story drive, and has great solo/group play opprotuntiies. The mechnices of the game make sense for the setting and tie in nicely together without leaving a player fustrated at figuring out how to gear or craft.Th only down side to this game compaired to other MMos is the lack of a classic PVP sense. Supposedly that will change this year in content patches, but for now the only PVP is an open world constant pvp system much like World vs World vs World in GW2. Only its just one big server, against itself in three factions. At that, there is one bloated faction with some slight map advantage, then two weenie factions. So until they can get that straight, PVP in this game is a resounding 'meh' for those players like myself that like quick fast past small match team based games (looking at you with heart eyes  SWTOR).The costuming system is great, the game is mod friendly. The graphics are beauitful. The community is active and vibrate for all sorts of play styles and needs. But most importaintly the devs are actualy doing stuff to add content to the game. Already in the middle of 2016 and it's had two drops that have added SO MUCH to the game (Thieves Guild, Assassins Guild), and before that it's had other content drops/quaility of life pers since it went free to play.New players, returning players- I strongly recomend to give this game a good long hard look and enjoy it."
,Recommended,306130,33435029,Posted: 10 July,all,Veas,"If you've played the previous Elder Scrolls titles, you'll feel right at home in this one. This time the world is just filled with other people. Offers tons of content and the world is filled with quests. Some of them can be quite generic ""kill x and bring back y"" -type of quests. But the main quest is quite interesting and The DLC's offer better stories, so the gold edition is worth considering. The community is friendly and you can easily find active guilds to play with.For more hardcore players there's PVP and harder group dungeons if you're into those."
,Recommended,306130,19292655,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Alisupergold,"Started building my charactor it took about 4h, when me and my friend started playing we spend 15h crafting armor and trying to kill overpowerd bosses at our level so is the game good?? YES its amazing! if you have a friend who loves the elder scrolls play it. It has amazing graphics awesome voice acted quest and a lot of beautifull areas to explore and enjoy.So is it worth the 80€ that i paid for it.. yes I plan to play the shiz out of this game and do everything i can read every book, kill every boss, make myself look like a badass.. So what are you doing here reading reviews go find a friend and start playing!"
,Recommended,306130,32871179,Posted: 27 June,all,Xin,"This game was honestly horrible at launch, but as a fan of MMOs and Elder Scrolls games I can tell you that as of 2017, this game is one of the best out there, it really gives you the 'Adventurer' and 'Hero' feel old MMOs used to give you.Honestly, give it a try if you're a fan of TES or MMOs in general, you won't be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,306130,30593717,Posted: 18 March,all,GozerGozerian,"Like repeatedly mashing the same sequences of 5 or 6 buttons repeatedly?Like generic enemies that essentially do the exact same things but sometimes have slightly different costumes, or DPS/HP/Resistances?Like elaborately named but formulaic loot that has zero unique qualities, except that slightly-higher crit modifier than the one you crafted yesterday after levelling up your buying craft items and clicking buttons skills for like 20 hours straight?Like pay-to-make-it-worth-giving-a♥♥♥♥♥♥kinds of games? Too bad, you still won't.ESO started out sort of OK. You could TRY to play ""a different style"" by taking on enemies in areas of higher level designation than is expected of the average MMOer. You sometimes got neat perks/gear out of it.Guess what. It's all gone. Everything's ""battle-levelled"" now. Whole damned map. So now the enemies are not only identical in terms of their behavior, their ""difficulty"" is also now uniform.Basically the actual gameplay of ESO makes watching that fresh coat of paint for any developments sound reeeaaaalllllly neat about now. What little complexity there could have been to the gameplay, they have butchered. It's now one big more or less uniform grind. I would have more fun programming a robot to sit in my place and mash those same 6 buttons repeatedly; the game's not rocket science, it's breaking rocks.To be fair, the unholy amount of hours I spent ♥♥♥♥ing about with that game - even the relatively few I really enjoyed (before One Tamriel obviously) more than compensated for the 15 - 45 $ I'd ended up spending on it; I don't feel ripped off financially. But the game was ""samey"" or 'uncreative of gameplay dynamic' or whatever to begin with, and by making it even more simplistic and generic, the developers have proven that they are not interested in creating art; they are interested in luring in one more paying customer who will settle for less gameplay sophistication than Tetris offers.Sorry Bethesda, but if you want to make Art, you want to disrupt the market, you hire Artists. If you just want to make an extra $M this year and don't want to try too hard, well, that's going to reflect on your brand.""Like repetitive directionless resource harvesting/inventory management coupled with 100% stats-based combat implemented as a button-mashing contest? Buy Bethesda - 'More of the Same'."""
,Recommended,306130,14956846,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,PopApe,i really love this game and the new update is amazing!
,Recommended,306130,20906187,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Pen Pineapple Apple Pen,"This game is so good.It's basically The Elder Scrolls Skyrim except it's online with other people, and much, much larger, literally. I'm not going to compare this to an MMORPG like World of Warcraft because I feel they are two completely different games, regardless of them being in the same category. I feel this game is catering more so to people who are fans of The Elder Scrolls series such as Morrowind, Oblivion, and Skyrim.Considering those games were single player I think what Zenimax / Bethesda did here is amazing, because they made it so that the game is balanced for fans who want to play by themselves, as well as people who like to run around with others. Personally I like to play by myself for the most part, so this game works out great for me because I hate MMO's that force you to play with other people. Considering this is an ""Elder Scrolls"" game, being able to do nearly everything by myself was highly expected. People who are hardcore MMORPG fans will probably get tired of this in like 5 seconds, because I guess in many ways this game really isn't bringing anything new to the table, but I personally don't feel this game was aimed at those ""MMO elitists"" anyways. This is a really addicting game, if you're an Elder Scrolls fan like me I think you'll like this. The game can be a bit repetitive with the fetch quests here and there, but that's to be expected in games like this right? It's not that bad though, and besides, I think these side stories are kinda' interesting. What's cool to me is that all the characters in the entire game world have voice acting. I appreciate the effort put into that. Makes the world seem a little more immersive. The combat can be 1st person and up in your face, or 3rd person, which is great."
,Recommended,306130,21830790,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Jessicars,"Ta ai um Game que me fez repensar e mudei de opinião, acabei gostando, tem quests unicas e diferenciadas de qualquer outro MMO, e fora muitas outras coisas que melhoraram.. virou meu jogo predileto no PC, mais tem algumas coisas que me deixam com receio de recomenda-lo, ele tem uma lojinha com coisas bem caras é um MMO tão mercenario quanto os Free to play que tem por ai a diferença é que você tem que compra-lo, mais acho que vale apena é o meio que eles tiveram pra lucrar+ e trazer conteudo, você ira se divertir sem precisar comprar DLC/Gold por muitooo tempo..Dicas: Não vale apena comprar a Imperial Edition, pegue a versão normal..Recomendo baixa-lo pelo site, ou se for baixar pela steam, deixar outro game aberto junto com o launhcer do ESO pq?, pra a steam não contar tempo como se tu tivesse jogando, sendo que ainda está baixando o game, sendo assim tu pode jogar 2 horas se não curtir pede devolução :s"
,Recommended,306130,19218141,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Glitch,"This is a great MMO if you're looking for an MMO with a twist.  Unlike other MMOs this one has many elements that most others do not focus on.For instance, like the other ES games, you can steal things.  Furthermore, certain quests allow you to make decisions that may have a different outcome depending on what you choose.  Also, you can make and use any weapons or armor you like, however you must learn to use the weapons (by using them and raising your skill) in order to unlock the weapon abilities.There are 4 classes: Tank, Mage, Healer, Sneak.  (They're not actually called these things, however, I used general terms to make it easier to understand what each of them actually focuses on.)You may be one of the 4 classes with each character you create, and each class has a different set of abilities you can learn.  You do NOT have to focus on class skills if you would rather focus on weapon skills (or you could mix the two), however, one of the biggest benefits of class skills is that you do not have to have a certain weapon equipped to use them, which is nice.Also this game is pretty action based.  Moving around is crucial, especially when facing bosses.  There is a dodge button, as well as block (and the push back block).The way they set up mounts is also unique compared to other MMOs I've played.  Each actual mount has its own set of skills you can level up once per day for 250gold.  These skills are as follows: Speed, Stamina, and Carry Capacity (allows your character to carry more if that particular mount is assigned).  Each of these skills is maxed out at 60.Also, your bank is actually shared between all your characters.  This makes it easy for one character to give to another without sending something in the mail (which, so you know, you cannot send anything to yourself).  Mail also is shared between characters, as well as the guilds you choose to join.  I believe you may have up to 3 guilds at any given time.Selling items to players is only obtainable through guilds.  The guildmaster may buy a space at any of the guild trading zones, and all players of that guild may sell their items there.  You can access the auction house at the bank, but only, of course, if you're in a guild with that option.Of course, there's also selling items directly through trading, but that isn't quite as easy to do without ranting about the item in public.  Not exactly my style, but some people apparently like it.It is important to note that this game is not another ""Skyrim"".  If it were a one player game, they could easily make it as customizable as Skyrim, however, being an MMO, it has to be limited, otherwise the customizability would cause the world to become too chaotic...  No one would even want to play.It does have elements in it unique to the MMO genre, but you can't move everything or pick up things and throw them across the room.  You can kill civilians, but of course, they come back to life after a while.Guards are not currently killable, so don't even try it.  They will ruin you.  If they come after you, RUN and hide as quickly as possible.  You can run into the thieves locations for a quick getaway, so make note of their locations in main cities before you choose to commit crimes.In the end, I really like this game myself.  For an MMO, it's definitely one I enjoy playing.  I look forward to seeing what they will choose to bring into the game next, and I give this game a thumbs up."
76561198082925839,Recommended,306130,19579433,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Jb96co,First game in a very long time to make me feel like a gamer again! 10/10
76561198115371455,Recommended,306130,14962462,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Captain_Lonk,Killed a sheep and got busted. 10/10 would kill again.
76561198009666180,Not Recommended,306130,26355544,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,TomGG#,"I would not recommend the game in the state it's currently in. dont get me wrong, i love it, but theres so much♥♥♥♥♥♥wrong with it such as  PvP (cyrodill) hasnt been fixed since the launch of the game = its laggy af and latency is sky high. if server is half full the loading time to cyrodil can take up to 20 minutes... and thats not all.. theres much much more things wrong with it. Dev's dont take care of the game properly and maintanace times are 8h to 2 days time plus they do not notify you if and when the game will be ready to play. forum is a big mess. customer service sucks too...for now i'll give it negative review. maybe in near future this will change."
,Recommended,306130,24964576,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Johncana,"I spoke to a elf then i was tasked with eatting a frog so i found it and ate it, then spoke to a tree, then went out and killed a pack of wolfs >found a sword in one< then i lit a fire then i spoke to a ghost tree, then i went and killed a bunch of ghost wasps, then i saw chat then basicly, >random1: Hi >random2: your gay, then i stole a armoy of weapons and child toys then i sold them, then a got a horse, then i was killed by a big eye that spawned on me, The end"
,Recommended,306130,14830321,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,[LKG] Sedrick1812,"!!DISCLAIMER!!= NOT A TRADITIONAL ELDER SCROLLS EXPERIENCE!Firstly I have to say since the release last year this game has made some improvements. And it is a fun game if you're playing with your friends. And its about to drop it's subscription requirement so that is why this game is ""recommended"" in my case. But it is a typical MMORPG and it does not really capture all the things we loved about Skyrim and Oblivion. Enjoyable yes. Dissapointing, yes as well. I'll list the games highs and lows and you can decide for yourself.I am a huge fan of the past elder scrolls games. I've played them all and fell completely in love. This game holds the elder scrolls name, but that is where the similarities end. Don't get me wrong. I'm not dissing the game. Its a good game. I'm just being honest. So many reviewers on other websites and youtube channels (ESPECIALLY AT RELEASE) danced around the differences, not really telling you what they are. If you want a elder scrolls experience, this is not the game for you. However, it's not your typical MMO either, and is a little more fun than most.Lets talk about some of the differences between elder scrolls and this game:The combat UI: The health, Mana, and Stamina bars are the same as they were in Skyrim; however the rest of the combat UI just doesn't feel quite right, it doesn't feel as smooth when hacking and slashing as it did in Skyrim, and it holds a little more of a typical MMO type combat, similar to the KOTOR online combat. This is especially true with the archery, where as in Skyrim and Oblivion archery was realistic and a little challenging to master, In ESO you basically just draw back, point it in the enemies general direction, let loose and the arrow will simply find its mark.The graphics: The graphics differ alot from Skyrim, but they are not bad. The character graphics are good, you can tell little things and aspects of your character, very clear and crisp coloring. However I feel like the graphics slipped a little from the realism of Skyrim into the un-realism of some other MMO's. It is only slightly though, they luckily don't even come close to the cheesy WoW graphics. This also depends on what graphical setting you run your PC on.The questing system: The questing system itsef is actually really impressive. The entire game is fully voiced, by wonderful voice actors. And the conversation with NPC's has a similiar look to Skyrim (just to give you an example). That being said, some of the quests are pretty boring, typical MMO ""go for"" missions. But there are several fun quests, and the game leans moe towards exploring than questing anyway.The weapons: I have to touch on this because a part of me was super dissapointed. I really dislike the way most of the weapons look, especially the one handed swords and bows. They just look cheesy and un-realistic. Now that being said, some of the weapons are alot easier to use than in past games, take a two handed sword or axe for example, in skyrim you were limited because they were so incredibly slow. They move alot quicker and alot more fluidly, which gives you the power of a two hander without a huge speed reduction.The PvP: Now this feature I like, I wish there was more of it. When you reach a certain level, you and your friends can besiege a castle controlled by other players, if you win, you keep the castle and get rewards. You can also gain and use siege weapons (like catapults and ballistae) If you control all the castles around the imperial city, you control imperial city and the highest scoring player on your team becomes emperor. There can be hundreds of players in PvP which makes it daunting, but fun at the same time.I hope you can see that this game is its own type of beast, if you want a elder scrolls experience, you're out of luck; if you want a typical MMO experience, you won't really find it here. This game is enjoyable but after playing it, I have to say I wish I would have waited for full ""free-to-play"" instead of paying 60 dollars for it. But if you've got the money, and can't wait to try this out for yourself instead of reading about it, go ahead. The subscription fee is about to be dropped anyway, but who knows how big a role in-game purchases will become. It may end up that we were better off subscribing. Just remember all the things I told you in this review, know what to expect so you're not dissapointed, and enjoy. I hope you found this review helpful."
76561198036310925,Not Recommended,306130,31132675,Posted: 14 April,all,OneOhOne,"this is the only MMO I have played that manages to make the things that are normally what make an MMO fun very, very unfun.1.  Gearing - gear is done in such a way that all builds are completely set based.  the sets that are actually worth having are a major pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get, because they're done by ceaseless grinding or through RNG from PvP rewards.  You can buy them too, but this segways into the interesting but majorly flawed trading system.  Overall gearing is ridiculously tedious and takes a ton of fun out of the game.2.  Trading - the trading system at first glance is very unique and interesting, but when you get into end game you realize the major flaws of it.  the way it works is there are several trader NPC's around the world that guilds have to bid for to be able to obtain a personal guild ""auction house"" to be able to list items for players outside of their guild to buy.  this makes for an extremely competitive trading system and at first thought is a very cool and fun concept for traders.the problem however comes from being in the position of a buyer.  when you are searching for an item, you literally have to travel across the entire world in-game looking at 5 or so traders in each area, and it takes a lot of time just searching for the item you need, and gives you no guarantee whatsoever that you will find it.  it makes it extremely difficult to price things without the use of addons which makes it hard to figure out if you're getting ripped off or not without passing on many items you might need.  the nail in the coffin:  the traders don't even have a damned text search box, so you have to manually search through filters and pages for the damned item you need.3.  PvP - I am a major fan of PvP in MMO's, and have always enjoyed competing in ranking.  the PvP in this game however is a massive cluster♥♥♥♥ zergfest of idiots running around in massive groups throwing themselves at castles.  it makes it very difficult to find anything close to skill based PvP.  what makes it even worse is that there are siege weapons such as ballistas and catapults which you can set up anywhere in the PvP zone which deal absurd amounts of damage at absolutely ludicrous ranges to players.  the only other type of PvP that currently exists are duels, which would be great if there was a point to them, but they're only currently there as is.another thing that's not too major of an issue is the inventory system.  there are literally hundreds of different crafting mats in the game and it's impossible to store all of them in your one small bank.  you have to pay a $15/month fee for premium to gain access to a ""crafting bag"" which then automatically stores those items for you with an endless capacity.  Guild Wars 2 has this feature for free after buying the game, and it has much better PvP in the form of structured PvP, along with rankings now too.  the expansion coming out for ESO is said to have an arena mode, but it sounds casual at best because it's going to be 4v4v4, ruining the competitive aspect of well-done PvP.my advice:  pass on this garbage if you care about a well-done end game, and get guild wars 2 as it's better in every way, and I've played both games a considerable amount."
76561198046485037,Recommended,306130,14313582,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,ЯaduTbeer,"First of all ,why the game review score is mixed? it should be very positive!I just finished the main quest today,defeating Molag Bal and started the adventures on new lands,kinda exciting.When I first played the eso was on the CB test when they wanted to make a record of players online in any CB MMO the zones were full of ppls loadin screens took hours and others bad things, but now I must say I'm playing it from the end of the december last year and I enjoy it very much ,when I stept into Shadowfen and I saw those Ayeld ruins reminded me of my favorit TES game from the serie , Oblivion.And yes the story is not very closer to the TES series but let's be fair this is a mmo after all not next TES:6 game. And the players who always complain about the bugs WTF? I only encountered like very few unnoticed by most of the players and one time I felt beneath the map hehe but that's all .Let's be serious there where ever created a game and launched without bugs? NO ,that's why are updates/patches. And why most of stupid ppls tend to complain about the story when they never understand the real story behind tes games and only played like Skyrim ..so after all I've been trough as a Ebonheart Pact I really loved the feeling all the dialogue and all the awesome scripts I've been trough, and can't wait to see what's expecting me on the others zones I'll have to play next...And 1 more thing about the 17 march when they will make the game B2P I just they won't ruin the game making it P2W,have a wonderful time playing this greate game and see you in Cyrodiil !"
,Not Recommended,306130,29555596,Posted: 28 January,all,The Tonberry King,"Game just doesn't work anymore. Support is completely useless and provided nothing but generic responses and directed me to the forums. When I got there, I noticed lots of other users experiencing the same exact issue. The launcher is missing in action when you try to install the game. It's been a few days now and still no one knows what exactly is happening. None of the threads received any official responses, so it looks like Zeni is just completely ignoring the issue. Not even a ""We're aware of this issue and are currently investigating"" type of post anywhere. Complete waste of time and money."
,Recommended,306130,29522495,Posted: 27 January,all,打上花火2KNTC-iwnl-/s/SaiyajinBiceps,"I can't even get myself getting out of starting zones playing other MMORPGs, but ESO has made me gone from helping a moon sugar farmer getting rid of bugs to uniting an alliance to confronting the God of Schemes himself. It's a huge playground where you can go anywhere with a lot of things to do. Graphics arent the best but it's really pleasant and combined with amazing sounds will make you feel immersed in the world of Tamriel. There's a setback from all of these which is lack of depth in stories and conversations, although I've heard that they're better than most games in the genre. But tbh they're not too bad and they still can get me quite engaged sometimes.9/10 - One of the best purchase I've ever had"
,Recommended,306130,31664979,Posted: 10 May,all,Supreme,Game where you can easily spend hundreds of hours. Heavily recommend it.
76561197987955196,Not Recommended,306130,26762342,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,VanillaXpC,"The game is quite fun. If you enjoy Elder Scrolls games with deep quests you definetely won't be missing out with this iteration. There is just one nagging problem: the support for this game is horrendous. I purchased ESO+ for my account here and its not active within the game. I am struggling with the inventory issues ESO+ is intended on fixing. I have been waiting for a reply for 5 days only to get a canned response on how to enable ESO+ from their website. Its like they don't even read the tickets. When I saw the reply a wave of memories came over me...I remember why I left from playing back in the beta with over 300 hours logged...their support is absolute crap. They don't read tickets, they don't listen and worst of all they do NOT care if you wasted money. If you plan on playing this without any problems, great. The issues I've had time and time again with them make this an avoid for me."
76561198039976730,Not Recommended,306130,23956578,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Steve,"I loved the Elder Scrolls games but not this one.  Although it has its strong points, some overall way this game was put together just doesnt fit.  For the money you are spending, it is almost worth it but I simply could not get past the fact that every quest feels copy and paste with the same kind of story line and action.  The worlds are nice but the graphics are sub par at most.  So much money was put into voice acting for this game and not into animation movements or lack of world polish with lots of the quests (especially the main storyline missions).  ESO keeps updating the game with new add on content but it is pretty up in price.  I purchased a horse for around ten dollars which is pretty much needed.  If you dont want to spend real world money on it then be ready to grind a lot.  It is much improved from where it was at launch but Bethesda should have simply invested the money else where.  The community is still going and there are some great guilds our there but I imagine it to drift down to almost nothing in the next coming years as the games continues to age and newer and better mmos come out.  The dirrection of the game was poor from the start and bringing it out from where it stands will take a lot more work."
,Recommended,306130,15826067,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Leviathon,I slashed a guard and he killed me in front of 20 players.10/10 would accidentally slash again
,Recommended,306130,14469767,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,caecilius,It's great for people new to MMOs. Just don't go in expecting multiplayer skyrim.
,Recommended,306130,32356871,Posted: 11 June,all,]TPG[ DamianTheDamned,"24 hours in...NEW FAVORITE TIME DUMP. I haven't felt this way about a game in quiet a while. A new take on mmo that's rather enjoyable, Will update review if I remember."
,Recommended,306130,21391038,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Krystic,"**Edit** Amended at end with full review details **This is not a detailed review by any means, as I cannot yet speak for 100% of the content; However, it is rare that such detailed completion can be claimed by reviewers of MMOs. At any rate, The Elder Scrolls Online appeals to me strongly, as it does with many gamers, due to its direct ties with Bethesda's Elder Scrolls series. After spending roughly 50 hours in game, I can attest to several negatives and positives of this title though I endeavor to be brief. My primary critique so far (In being a veteran of MMO titles) is in the control system itself. To be clear.. I do not have a problem with their intended method, only that I am fairly locked down to that method barring the use of some unknown addon. I have always mapped abilities to either key-mouse combinations or to clickable macros in other MMO experiences, so I was upset (at first) that I could not click abilities or control their assignment past 6 predetermined keys. This was further agitated by my own preferences as, though I may be alone in this, I have never fancied using the number keys as shortcuts. I felt that this game forced this playstyle. HOWEVER, this leads me to my primary positive note: The control system itself. 'Wait.. but you said..' I know what I said, but I also pointed out that this was my initial feeling. I found, after around 20 hours, that Zenimax knew better than me how to provide a combat experience, and after avoiding my keyboard related griefs by using numbered mouse keys, I found myself thoroughly enjoying an experience that I had once dreamed about: The Elder Scrolls in a massive online setting, with no extended action bars to take away from the experience. Furthermore, the limited action bar spaces served in the end as their own brilliant mechanic, keeping (most) fights varied and fresh due to a requirement of resourcefulness in opposition to the lackluster buttonmashing of the many proc based abilities on other games' always visible action bars.I said I would keep it short, so I have. As I mentioned, I do have several pros and cons, but for the purpose of this being quick ( I am strapped for time at the moment) I will keep it simple with one + and one - sentiment.However I will leave you with this: I am a HUGE fan of lore, and I am in most games for their story, and the Elder Scrolls series is far from an exception. This game thus far has both elated and disappointed on this front. My disappointment has come in the form of inconsistancies pointed out by a respected youtuber, but KNOW THIS: Even though dialogue may sometimes be quick and the stories bring other lore into question, any good nerd can look past these bothers and see ESO for what it is: A  wonderful representation of the future of MMOs with thousands upon thousands of brilliantly voice acted lines that tell a fantastic story from a time in Elder Scrolls lore that we honestly dont know enough about to complain. Any piece of Tamriel that I can get in this format is fine with me. Overall I recommend, but know that due to a fairly limited number of complaints, I must hold it to a modest 8.5 out of 10.** continuation **A further complaint is with an almost pay-to-play environment. In lieu of most similar games allowing for a rested experience gain after logging out in taverns, cities, etc. ESO has provided smaller in-game gains such as the Ring of Mara (I would make a list but can literally think of no other example) with the largest gains only being available to those spending real world coin. I understand the necessity of money making in the business model, and it has to happen somewhere; however, there are no real alternitives for the players that cannot afford a subscription or random crown purchases. The primary experience boost is in the form of a consumable item available ONLY in the crown store. While there is the scroll's redeeming quality of persisting (and pausing) during logouts, this is an item that carries a real world price tag and lasts a measly 2 hours with a 50% boosted gain. WHAT?! A free system of doubled experience with a bar percentage limitation would be much more welcome. Take some notes from Blizzard, Zenimax, they have been in this 'game' a LONG time for a reason.Discouragingly high in-game prices seem to further penalize players who keep responsible pocketbooks. I understand that this is an inflated economy where 1000g is easy to come by with a couple quests and a vendor selling spree, but almost 50k for a very basic mount? I do have other things to spend my coin on... Who wouldn't rather subscribe and buy a horse with their 'complimentary' crowns?On a more positive note, this is NOT the worst system I have seen for microtransactions. Given the price of a subscription vs the real world price of crowns, it's actually quite fair as your subscription grants you access to otherwise paid content and an allowance of crowns that are roughly the value of your sub itself. For the gamer that is responsible with his or her wallet, this makes the previous complaint somewhat moot.Now let's address the things that keep me playing. Despite its questionable continuity and how easy it would be to miss when rushing to keep up with friends, the story is still, in my humble opinion, worthy of the series, and far superior in the MMO genre itself. If one takes the time to listen and follows the quests from area to area, he or she will discover a brilliant slew of voice actors backing up an intriguing story of enemies and alliances in a world that I personally can't get enough of.Meanwhile, the aforementioned combat system has grown on me and mixes extremely well with a concept that can't be praised enough: classless classes. In ESO you choose a class during character creation that, instead of locking you down to specific skills like most MMOs, provides you with a guideline for the type of hero that you wish the Vestige to be. Skill lines are divided between weapons, guilds, classes, and more. You really want to be an assassin that heals and is particularly brilliant with maces? Go for it.Another bit of praise falls on just how good this game looks. Remember, you have to be fair; this is not a fully loadable file that you alone exist in like its single player brothers, this is a system that relies heavily on cached data and internet speeds to deliver a highly playable experience. With that in mind, to the people who say this game looks bad, and continues to compare it to a fully-modded Skyrim:  Have you ever played an MMO before? Do you understand what sacrifices must be made to make them playable by more than 1% of gamers? Finally, when exactly was the last time you actually played Skyrim?Ok, ok, I get it. Some things could look better, but come on! The game looks beautiful with some truly breathtaking vistas! Don't be a troll!This has merely been an addition of information to my existing review, not an alteration. The well earned recommendation remains:  8.5/10~Play with honor and namarie~"
,Recommended,306130,26691863,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Addy,"It all started with an offer for a free adventure and an hour or two of preparation doing the seemingly never-ending task of ""downloading"" we set off. Alas there were already challenges on the road but experienced as I am with previous adventures my mind told me to not give up. This was the first mini-boss, the little nasty bugger known as ""Log-In Failed"".""You shall not pass!""The battle was tough at first until I discovered its weakness known as ""create account"", a powerfull spell taught on the official page. This page must be part of the Elder Scrolls themselves. So as ""Log-In Failed"" was defeated I was tossed into a maelstrom of options. Twas here the real adventure began. Choices, are they good or are they bad? We shall see.I saw a light and woke in a place never before seen yet so familiar... it was like walking through the past itself. Oblivion, yet not, nor was it Skyrim. No, this was different. I wondered - am I dead? I was led through darkness and smoke, forced to fight without my weapon of choice but alas I won but the adventure still hadn't ended. From the darkness I was once more sent away and woke in a land where there was no smoke or darkness around me. Tamriel, beautiful Tamriel.""U r gay!!!!"" a voice whispers and I'm reminded why I have avoided all adventures known as ""MMO"".I look around and there are many people by my side. Who are these strangers? They start running like chickens who just had their heads cut off. Interesting. I start walking, finding a few mudcrabs along the beaches. My old nemesis, it's time for revenge! However I'm new to the world here, I need coin and the mudcrabs here have none as the almighty monocle-mudcrab in Skyrim took it all. I am forced to take on tasks from the people known as ""NPC"". Grinding, more dungeon trolls and a few strange symbols, it started to look bleak. Did I make a bad choice joining in on this adventure?Six hours in there are no more whispers directed at me, people leave me to my adventure but my keen ears pick up new conversations. People helping one another, ignoring these dungeon trolls and here are there are some traders looking to sell. Tamriel seems calm and in one of the battles with bandits that occured I heard a gentle ""thanks :)"" whispered from a tall elven lass. I stop and look at her. Shiny armour, giant sword, 251 username hovered over her and a flying demon was by her side and she thanks me? Me... who was dressed in rags and with a crooked staff on my back? I smiled. Maybe it's not that bad... in fact, I think I will continue this adventure.I pay my toll and wave as I log off.""See you soon!"""
76561198036654577,Recommended,306130,16760362,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,dcarter6,"Outstanding! It took me quite a few hours to get into this. It's quite deep and the classes are very very deep and diverse. Plus there is just so much to see and do!! One of my favorite things so far is  searching for treasure chests which gave me great low level armor in the lower zones and are located everywhere if you look closely. The anticipation of not knowing what will be in each chest is like a fun game just by itself. The quest system is very deep. I would not recommend not listening to the quest givers because the stories behind these quests are incredible. They're not your typical kill this or fetch that quests all the time either! I followed a dog who led me to a dead body which in turn led me to a werewolf quest. The werewolf was terrorizing the town. The neat thing about it is that even NPC's that weren't involved in the quest would sometimes give me clues. (Spoiler alert) One woman who just happened to be walking by said something to me about avoiding certain alleys because of the ""Alley murderer"". I found the werewolf in an alley, but he proved much too tough for me at level 4 so a few people who were running around town helped me kill him.Many of the quests are involved and lead to different branches. I would visit dungeons and caves and sometimes have to do different things like open portals or go stand next to a certain NPC who would protect me during a bosses special move. It gave each fight an original sense of doing something different. Mobs reacted differently with special moves and I had to learn to adapt. Speaking of which...I am terrible at MMO's when it comes to using the WASD keys to move around while fighting. But in this game, I can actually do it for the first time EVER and quite efficiciently. I can actually kite a tough mob now. I still die occasionally in close quarters but the game allows me to get better through practice...love that aspect! I never could play archer well because i could never strafe good at all. For some reason this game's movement seems easier to me and I can circle the mob while using a bow or staff. And fighting is definitely awesome in this game. You need to  position yourself out of the mob's special attacks at times and circling the mob works well at times too. The best thing is that when I hit the mob, it actually feels like i'm hitting the mob. Even as a Sorcerer, there is a satisfying OOMPH to my special spells when the mob goes down.The hardest thing about this game is deciding what class to be. There are so  many options in each class. You can be anything you want really....a heavy armor fire sorcerer even! the only thing I don't like is when you spend your skill points, it's super expensive to change your mind...100 gold per point and you can get over 300 points worth of skills. Fortunately, 300 points will allow you to be proficient in several classes, so it's not a game breaker, but it's still a pain if you don't like the way your toon is shaping up. You only get 6 skills on your toolbar, but you get two toolbars after a certain level, but it still means you have to choose wisely as far as what to specialize in.I only delved into crafting a little bit so far because I spend too much time exploring which is a blast. The crafting seems very cool and I was able to craft items I actually needed which was great. Finding the items i needed for crafting wasn't hard since there are chests, bags, urns, etc. EVERYWHERE...and I mean everywhere. They are filled with all manner of items for crafting. I made some cloth pants that were much better than anything that had dropped during my travels. I had found several great pants but nothing in cloth. Ironically I found out late that you should mix your armor up at low levels so it all levels up and now I'm doing that.I'm three days into the game and still not level 10!!!! Lol! There are just too many things to do and see and I keep getting sidetracked. Typically, i'll be hunting for treasure chests and see some lone person on a beach or in the forest and talk to them. They'll need help (a quest) and I'll do it thinking it will only take a few minutes and it opens up a whole new storyline...and the each story is just too interesting to quit! On top of that, many of these side quests hve little tidbits of information for your main quests or even lore that leads you to other things!! I never get anything done, but it's very cool!If you like reading and lore by the way, this is the game for you. There are books, letters, notes, everywhere and the stories in some of them are fascinating. Many of them lead to quests and many have information that will pertain to people you meet making the world and especially the NPC's seem alive! Some of the books give you skillups as well...pure awesomeness!If you're the type of person who wants to rush to end game, this is not the game for you. Not only would it defeat the concept of how to play this game, but you would miss out on so much. And since the gamne is free, you don't need to rush...just explore and enjoy the stories and lore...it's really worth taking your time.As for the classes....I've liked them all so far at the lower levels. Some of the skills I picked were disappointing and some were awesome. I would reccomend researching a skill to see if it fits your play style before investing your point.Bag space and bank soace like every other FTP game sucks. I can never have enough bag space and with so many containers just lying around in this world, you can fill your pack VERY quickly if you pick uop everything. There are waypoints that are free to use so you can sell stuff, but a lot of the items are worthless unless you craft...then they're great! It would probably be quite challenging to level every craft just because of the bag space. You would have to do them one or two at a time, I guess.At first I felt like this game was just too daunting. The whole class thing confused me.I kept dying too easily if I accidentally pulled too many mobs. But now that i'm three days into and still only level 7...I'm starting to love it. I think I was just too used to MMO's where you  level up quickly, ignore what the questgivers say except to find out what they want you to kill, and mad rush my way to the endgame. It's not going to be like this in this game....it's not like those other MMO's. It's similar but with hints of Skyrim and a whole lot of interesting story mixed in and strange places to visit and cool NPC's to meet.There are quite a few people in my server, but most are just soloing until they have trouble with a quest and then there is an occasional shout for help on certain quests. As for guilds, I've seen a few shouts but nothing like the endless shouts in other MMO's I've played...not sure if this is because I'm in a low level area or not.No matter what, I'm having a blast in this game and look forward to seeing what higher level play is like! I'll update this review when I get to a higher level!"
76561198071782622,Recommended,306130,15152386,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Doggo,"After reading all the negative comments and reviews over the release of this game from the very start, I now purchased it to see how the game was doing  ( very risky yes ). Anyway, overall I have only played for about 8-10 hours but I can easily say I enjoy the game. Combat is smooth, interesting quests that keep me entertained and of course it is a very pretty game. I am glad I took the chance on this game, definitely would recommend but I do suggest finding a friend ( if you have one that already owns ESO ) to give it a try and see if you even like it, this game isn't for everyone."
,Recommended,306130,21475448,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Fältmarskalk saft och bulle,"It had a terrible start and alot of the problems have been fixed.If you are ready to accept it as an MMORPG with the theme of Elder Scrolls and that it's not what everyone hoped, then this game is actually alot of fun. However if you're looking for a new MMO RPG to play, you can find much better games than this. It's not horrible, it's not fantastic, but it does the job.6.5/10"
,Recommended,306130,26740506,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Android,"Honestly, I'm not the best person to review this game, I am still fairly new.  My in game hours are partially from patching the game on a slow connection, and leaving the launcher open, but I love it.At first I didn't.  Its a strange game. I'm not a big MMO fan, the only one I've played for longer than a few months was the first Guild Wars.  They just haven't been my cup of tea.I've loved the Elderscrolls series, starting with Morrowind, Oblivion, then Skyrim, and while this game does not play or feel quite the same as those, it is certainly familiar in an exciting, yet calming way.  The combat is not all hitting number keys, but it is still the hp shaving combat of an MMO vs the comparatively more real time combat of the single player iterations.More or less, I play this like a single player game.  That is not really by choice, I haven't found a group of like minded players to guild up with yet, but a couple friends and the occasional stranger will party up with me to tackle some dungeons or difficult bosses.  I like this.  I am not forced to be part of a community to enjoy the game, but being part of a community certainly enhances the experience.  IMO this is exactly what a good online game should be.For now I am content to wander Tamriel, learning as many crafts as I am able in order to better my own equipment, forging alliances, completing quests, and I hope to find a group of guild mates because that, I believe, will be the thing to keep me coming back regularly.Come have an adventure.  Especially for the recent sale price, it's a fantastic bang for your buck."
76561198068218326,Recommended,306130,21290201,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Quel'thalas'lı Abdul,Best MMO ever!
,Recommended,306130,25404176,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,AntClimatic,"I didn't liked it at first, makes it hard when none of your real life friends play the game but as soon as I joined a guild with a bunch of other people I enjoyed the game quite a bit."
,Recommended,306130,23802849,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,z3r05k111,"Loving this game more and more all the time. I bought it about a year after launch, around the time it went buy-to-play and it went on sale via steam.People will tell you it is easy. They are not entirely  incorrect. There are times I feel like I'm just a solo wrecking crew toppling group after group, while other times  I get repeatedly chewed up and spit out. Repeatedly. Even at Champion rank 200 I find myself occasionally having to walk away from a fight to find friends and strangers to aid me.It's  seem that it's begining to feel like a proper elder scrolls game every day. Maybe I'm just crazy.The biggest difference is the implementation of hotkeys (1-5, R)  which I personally like better than the classic Elder Scrolls Magic-Combat-pausing-menu-swaps. It always felt clunky.Seriously though the scenery is beautiful, the ambience is truly fantastic. Bard's singing tales at the tavern, merchants telling anyone who will listen to buy their wares.Not only is it effectively immersive and truly beautiful to look at But the dungeons are on point. With a good, well-geared and appropriately leveled group even a random PUG should take no more than 15 minutes.  Many of whose bosses are difficult, mechanics-driven encounters.The only drawback in my opinion is the *HEAVY* focus on the crown store. With each DLC they get ballsier and ballsier and ballsier reffering to Crown-store content as ""Base Game Patch"" content; Meaning that you can access it without the dlc as it becomes a component of the core game; ""oh but wait it costs cash~|""But most of what you find in the crown store are things like wedding suits and gowns, mounts (obviously the cool mounts, all in-game-currency purchased mounts are plain and smiple horses,) pets. There are some things which effect the game in a more than visual way; Horse training, inventory purchases, mobile banker/mobile merchant.. all of these objects can be bought for cash. The field merchant and banker each run about $40 cash from the banker. Most mounts ~1800 Crowns (or roughly 18 dollars.. 1500 crowns=$15)"
,Recommended,306130,35357326,Posted: 30 September,all,Pepperdragon,"It's a really great game if you like the Elder Scrolls franchise, just don't expect Skyrim v2. If you like the TES franchise a lot but don't like MMOs, you can perfectly play through the story for many, many hours and enjoy the content on your own. The other players running around may or may not break the experience a little, but for me this is not the issue.This game isn't exactly like a regular TES game: you pick a class and you have class-specific skills and weapon-specific skills. The possibilities of class/armor/weapon/skill are endless: want to play a robed healer with a mace and a shield? - go for it. Want to play a heavy-armor mage with a twohander? - go ahead. I'm not saying this is optimal play, but it is certainly doable.DLCs are released regularly and they are adding more and more event weeks (halloween coming up) so there is new content on a frequent basis. This combined with no monthly fee makes this an overall great MMO. If you want the best out of your money, wait for a sale and buy the gold edition.Pros:- In-game store is mostly cosmetic, not pay to win.- Overall friendly player base.- Very good soundtrack- Character customization- Amazing lore- Good learning curve: new players can get around but each class/role needs to be mastered for optimal play.- Graphics are very good for an MMOCons:- ~80 GB storage needed- Load times can sometimes be long- PVP isn't really balanced: when you are max lvl and max CP you can compete better VS you being a fresh lv 50.- Learning curve: while I like the learning curve personally, it seems to scare a lot of players."
,Recommended,306130,35283108,Posted: 28 September,all,x_Fiz_x,"Decent MMO. Fun. GREAT for RP-ing, since it's lore that I'm used to. Crowns are WAAAAY too expensive, also removed some key Elder Scrolls features that I think might be a dealbreaker for some.I play quite a bit of it, and I think it's quite fun. Bit restrictive, lots of expensive micro-transactions, but believe me, it isn't pay to win. Even for the PvP, it isn't pay to win. It's really just... pay to get there faster. But it doesn't take long to build a character, if you don't mind grinding, which is what MMOs are known for. The game doesn't hold your hand, which is what I like about it.Also, let me be clear. THIS. IS NOT. AN ELDER SCROLLS GAME. It's set in the Elder Scrolls' universe, but it is far from being an Elder Scrolls game. Great MMO! Terrible TES game. That's ok though. Personally, I enjoy that it isn't pay to win (I mean, thankfully. They already make you buy the game, and tbh having a subscription just makes your life hella easier, but I don't mind really, provides me with lots of fun.) and that the RP community is thriving. I appreciate that it's set in the TES universe, because it's lore that I know, and understand, and can really get into.Let's see, as of the time of my review, here are a few pros and cons, starting with the cons.-No Unarmed skill, which is highly underrated-NO CHILDREN. ??? There are legit NO children in Tamriel. Ever. The closest you get are the shortest bosmer xD-Crown store. Now, there are positives and negatives. First of all, there is a lot of... 'persuasive advertising'. They act like the crown store is the only way to get certain items. Luckily the crown store is mostly just cosmetic/aesthetic items. They make them all look super cool, but honestly if you just play the game and IGNORE the crown store, you end up getting cool stuff.-The limitations on inventory space. Now, I get the need to limit inventory space, HOWEVER... in past elder scrolls games it was based on weight and the strength of your character. They did away with all that, and now it's a starting amount of 60 slots for items (at least you can stack those items in one slot? >,>)-You can play as any race! Except Imperial... Yup, if you want to be an Imperial, you have to use crowns to buy the ""Imperial Race Upgrade."" which grants you the race, a white horse, and I think a few other silly things.-Pets are useless. Non-combat pets are a thing. Why? Because money.There is light in this story though...+Pretty engaging quests, if you like lore. They even have a pretty prevalent Maormer presence, even though you can't play as a Maormer.+Each zone is a decent enough sized, though the loading screens can get annoying from time to time if you travel quickly.+For an MMO, it's great. For an Elder Scrolls game... well... eh. But, that's not so bad, because fans of MMOs can enjoy it.TL;DR - Don't buy unless you like MMOs. This is not an Elder Scrolls game. Seriously. On the other hand, if you like MMOs and don't mind paying an initial price... dude! Get it! Also, there are less trolls since you have to pay to get in.There's my 2 cents."
,Recommended,306130,26723622,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,JonathanWhiting13,"This is a review in progress so i will update after ive played some more.So far i have only 3 problems with the game:1. The UI and menus are messy and a pain to navigate2. The combat, at least for me, is clunky and is the biggest problem i have with the game3. Ive only had this once but i kept getting server disconnects but managed to fix by restarting steamApart from these few issues its been pretty fun so far but i will update this soon after ive played a bit more."
,Recommended,306130,17027504,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,mysticalEnchanter,"First thing I have to say about this game, don't expect it to be like Skyrim.It's not Skyrim, it's not Oblivion or Morrowind or any other Elder Scrolls game for that matter. It's a freakin' MMO, and feels like any other MMOs. So only buy this game if you really like MMOs or the such. If you'd rather not buy it to try it out, see if a friend has it and try it out. Then buy it if you like it.Now, for the actual review. ESO is pretty fun if you can get into it, and even more fun if you have friends to play it with. There is a MASSIVE amount of content in it. Many areas to explore, multiple dungeons to clear, and several playthroughs to be done. Questlines are different depending on which faction you side with, and all have a good amount of things to do.Characters feel like they have a lot of personality, and you will definitely find people you love and hate. Areas look pretty and are diverse from one another.Basically, if you like running around and killing things, you've come to the right place."
76561198097591706,Recommended,306130,15100960,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Baby Black Ribs,"By far the most unique MMO i have ever played. The questing is not boring, The combat is solid and dosnt seem to take a lot to run this game. Though this is indeed an MMORPG, this game has to be treated more like an elder scrolls game and less than a grind fest to late game."
76561198029040262,Recommended,306130,15124441,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,cooper_tone,"I know I have only played <20 hours, but I have to say this is a great game. I've been a fan of the Elder Scrolls series as long as I can remember and it's great to come back to Tamriel. I will admit, I was sceptical at first with the subscription fee and the mixed reviews. Once the subscription fee was dropped I took a leap of faith and got it, I have to say I am very satisfied with the game.If you're an Elder Scrolls fan and want to explore all of Tamriel, get this game. The best part: You can have adventures with your friends!"
,Recommended,306130,15188650,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Black Male,Bought this game last week because of Tamerial Unlimited and let me tell you it is amazing. Back in Beta this game sucked it was just another MMO. It still has that MMO fgeel but it also has that Elder Scrlls feel you'd expect. The questing is great and the Alliance war mode is Amazing. Using Cyrodill (the exact same size as it was in Oblivion) as a huge battle ground to compete for control of Imperial city is just amazing.2 cons:PVP is not an effective way to level upNo mounted CombatPros:Too many to list
,Recommended,306130,15244367,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Yellow Cake,"Probably shouldn't cost $70 but it's a great game regardless.Pros:-Good graphics-Good story-Good crafting-Class variety-Realistic environment-Interesting combat-Big improvements since release (justice system, group questing, etc.)-Blends in elements of Elder Scrolls games and MMOs pretty well-A good example of what a buy to play transition should beCons:-Minor bugs here and there (nothing game-breaking)-Money is a little scarce-MMO aspects such as group content, auctions and chat feel a little restrictive-A little bit of a learning curve, especially if you're not familiar with either MMOs or Elder Scrolls games"
76561198070026411,Recommended,306130,15163521,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Skruffy Bone-R,"After wasting a large portion of my not-so-needed time on this game, I have decided to write a review.I am very happy with Tamriel Unlimited, VERY HAPPY.The beta seemed underwhelming, and the final release did little to impress.  But now, after six updates and a crap ton of complaints, ESO is pretty damn fun.  The game plays similar to an MMO, while still maintaining mimicking an Elder Scrolls game.  You can walk into a town, steal everything, get caught and killed, then cry your eyes out.  Standard MMO skills exist within the game, and the hotbar doesn't feel to alien.  Yet even with an MMO class system and skills, you can still play the way you want.  All NPCs are voice-acted, which is pretty pleasing.  Crafting is amazing in the game, and a large array of armor and weapons exist.  The story is meh, but that's expected with an MMO.I have yet to delve into PvP, which I have heard is amazing.But the game does fall short in some categories:-The auction system is horrifying.  No global auction house exists, only traders who sell a specific guild's items.  And also, you have to join a guild to sell your items in an auction.-The lack of player housing is a slight downfall, I would like to own my own home.  (But it's not exactly a must-have)-Armor is unbalanced.  Light armor has benefits that are vastly better than medium and heavy armor.  High rank players can easily surpass the armor value of veteran heavy and medium armor by wearing light armor and using certain perks.-Mages pls.  I thought tanks were plate-wearing sword-and-board wielding juggernauts, not a mage wearing light armor!?  (Then again, it is still viable to play a more traditional tank)Overall, I love this game.  And I will continue to enjoy it for a few years before I start hating the game for irrelevant reasons.11/10 too gud."
76561198060343882,Recommended,306130,15127676,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,BloodRedVelvet,"I remember being intrigued by this game when it was still in development. Then I forgot about it for whatever reason until downloading and playing through Skyrim-Dragonborn recently. Skyrim was my favorite game OF ALL TIME (Take that, Kanye!). It's now been dethroned by ESO. This game is amazing on so many levels. I could rave and gush even though the husband and I have played less than a week. It's beautiful. The combat is fantastic and questing is a blast. The quest dialog is very well written and acted. It was a bit overwhelming at first honestly, but most MMOs are. Once I got the hang of combat, and understood the flow of questing and crafting it became immensely enjoyable. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,306130,15141014,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,slatrhaus,"Underrated,Lets you kill friendly NPCs and steal almost everythingElder Scrolls lore? AwesomePlanetside 2 style PvP? AwesomeQuests are a little lack luster howeverI find myself having a great time wondering around and seeing new things around Tamriel rather than doing the quests."
76561198120890012,Recommended,306130,26665046,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Alfonce,"A bit of background. I purchased this game a while back when it was on half price, around $35AUD at the time. Back then they had just started releasing DLC, and the game, for lack of a better word felt 'empty'. Not of content, not of story, but of people. The game had just purged itself of its old system, and has since then gradually been crawling its way out of the abyss. Additionally, my game time shown by steam isn't a very good gauge of my time playing the game, I think at this stage it should be around 300hrs. This is primarily because I started opening the game via the direct launcher shortcut that I keep on my taskbar, rather than through steam. It's a lot faster and saves having to wait for steam to do it's thing, only to open the launcher anyway. I hear they may have changed it lately, but I'll probably still stick with my taskbar.Anyway, on with my thoughts.In it's story, it fulfils it purpose and earns the Elder Scrolls name. The story is rich an interesting, and has a nice amount of intrigue peppered with the elder scrolls signature emotive flair that is snuck in. Even if it's a lonely skeleton in a desert it has a purpose, and there's a lot you miss from not hearing out the npc's. Of course the story varies through each area, from the constant tragedy of the early Ebonheart Pact, to the wonder that is Rivinspire in the Daggerfall Covenent and the constant political intrigue of the Aldmeri Dominion. And lets not forget the wonderful characters that guide you throughout each story: The comically self-aware Razum-Dar, Sir Darien Gautier of the make both love and war, and the sultry tease that is Naryu Virian. It's the characters that make the story, and in that way it truly does live up to the elder scrolls name.The game mechanics and combat system come next. Now this seems to be the part with which the game receives the most flak. So let's be clear here. This is not Skyrim. It is an MMO made utilising the elder scrolls lore as base. It's combat system is not turn based like WoW and such, and I've seen it likened to Guild Wars, particularly the PvP side of things. It runs on cooldowns and the like, with two main distinctions setting them apart. The abiltities and the spammables. The abiltites have the cooldowns, and the spammables are just that. My main criticism of the combat however, is the lack of weight that comes with it. When you hit someone, there's rarely an animation to show that. You feel like your blows are doing nothing but making the red bar above the enemies head move from full to empty. For big bosses that's fine, but when you're fighting a lone enemy or a small group, you expect for your blows to have a sense of impact and cause a reaction, and as I said earlier, this is rare. I personally enjoy the skill system, it has a lot of opportunities from the get go and doesn't force you in any particular direction. Each class has three skill trees, and you can pick and choose the weapon and armour skill trees to focus on, as well as the helpful guild ones. With the recent inclusion of weapon based ultimate abilities, this opportunity has increased further. Over all of that you can focus on three things; magicka, stamina or both, and although from patch to patch the meta around it changes, my personal belief is that if you're following the meta then you're not playing the game to its full potential (I'm looking at all of you peeps who look up the 'best' builds). My favourite thing about the skills and classes however, is that any class can fulfil any job. I'll use some of the most stark contrasts as examples. Sorcerer's and nightblades, the traditional dps classes, can tank. Even more fasinating is the fact you can run a sorcerer with a stamina build. Just think about that for a minute. It's something fresh that has really allowed me to enjoy the game, expecially considering that with in game gold you can pay to have your skills reset, and completely remake your entire character.Finally we reach the last part, the community. When I first started, I barely saw 10 people around the main cities, and rarely saw anyone out in the wilds, although this could be chalked up to me living in Australia and having an odd timezone, it was still somewhat disheartening. So as I do, I played through the games story by myself. It was difficult at times, and I thought it would be really great to get to a boss and have help, or for someone to show me around and help me out. The real fun began when I noticed the chat for the first time. Ahhhhh, the zone chat, home of shenanigans, memes and random bouts of text based song. Of course you have the usually wtb and wts posts just like any other mmo, but the community really does just have fun. The community itself is probably one of my favourite ones in any MMO. When I first jumped in, everyone was friendly and willing to help and give advice, hell, people gave me free stuff, or offered to craft for me. I had upwards of 10 pm's in the first couple of minutes of asking people to help me out getting into the game. Looking back on the earlier month in particular, this was no more clear than during the Halloween event. This was probably one of the greatest things I've seen in the game, there were so many people, and everyone was willing to trade, or even give away duplicates of the special halloween loot. Whole groups would camp dungeons, and chat about random things while they waited for the bosses to respawn, whether it be daily life, movies, the game, progress on the halloween achievement, or just random acts of song and dance via emotes. Some of these interactions have become my most cherished memories of the game as a whole, and I hope ZOS continues these wonderful events.Of course it has some toxicity. As anyone knows, some people are just terrible people, and as in all PvP people can get salty and hate-fueled, but that's something no MMO can claim to have avoided. Let's not mention that random game support. To be honest, the support for this game is bad, although I've never had to deal with them myself other than posting bugs on the forums. From what I've heard they have a tendency to ignore tickets, but then I also see plenty of people praising some of their solutions to particular problems, such as exploiters and loss of items. If you're playing the game right and aren't incredibly unlucky, I don't thing you'll need to worry about support. I run the game on a terrible old laptop and I've never had any performance issues that I can't chalk down to my own pile of junk laptop, with the exception of PvP lag, but when there are 60 people throwing aoe's everywhere in a small space like the forts in the PvP areas, you can't expect perfect frame-rates.That's my thoughts anway, I hope I helped."
76561198064155653,Recommended,306130,19798407,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Finsch,"This is pretty much my first MMO, so I don't have a lot to compare it to. All I know is that I am loving it. I have become totally addicted.As we have come to expect from Bethesda the world is huge. I suggest if you play do not rush through it. Take advantage of the vast playground. There a lot of different skill lines to learn and develop, including an impressive array of crafting skills. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,306130,17825384,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,rodneyorpheus,"After a very shaky start, this game has been transfigured almost beyond measure with some of the biggest patches I have ever seen in a game. It's now pretty much the perfect MMO - great character customisation, a huge mature world, masses of quests and dungeons, and the most amazing large-scale PvP to date.Yes, you do have to pay a one-off fee, but there's no monthly subscription required, and you aren't continually being nagged to purchase stuff to play-to-win unlike some free MMOs.It's also Mac-compatible, and unlike competitors like Guild Wars 2 it's true native code, not via an emulator, so it runs great on a MacBook. So if you're a Mac owner it's really a no-brainer choice.Actually on any system it's a no-brainer choice. Best MMO on the market today, hands down."
,Recommended,306130,19705440,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ঝStormড়,"im rewriting my review since alot has changed since the last time i wrote my review. Two DLCs have been added in the last 6 months, and have changed the game drastically for better. thieving around gives rewards, and there is an actual need to kill people in the game. Now for the overall game i have had a fun time playing and the commmunity is very friendly and helpful. I have found my self helping tons of ""newbies"" after a big sale on the game. This is probably the most ""RPG"" game i have ever played. Its not a pay to win unbalanced game like some games out there on the internet. This is the type of game where you can wear heavy armor and look like a knight while being a sorcerer. I hope you like the review have a good day :D"
,Recommended,306130,26668365,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,CursedTranskara,"im a free trial user from the Nov 17 event.. and well... look at my hours. im addicted. i love this game. it feels like an elder scrolls game just on a lesser engine we are used to, but with all the countries. now i like to play a mixture of first person and thrid and i feel like they captured the feel of that nicely in this game, not as great as its single player tittles but its there.i often just find myself playing like im playing skyrim or any other elder scrolls game out there. like one time a guys house was on fire and i went in to get him out so when we finished that dialouge option and he ran out i instantly went into sneak mode and went to searching in his drawers and so on. IF THAT DOESNT SOUND LIKE SOMETHING YOUD DO then i dont know what to tell you bc it was at that moment i realised that i loved this game for just its perfect meld of the elderscrolls and an MMOI also find a big plus being that there are no nameplates on top of players or npcs. just the health bar and their name next to your compass (just like on skyrim). i like this because its immersive, and most often if its just a few people around standing still they will often look like elite gaurds or just fit in as town folk. its amazing.i dont know why this game gets so much hate or dislike now but ive been looking for an mmo for a couple years and thanks to this free trial period... they have a loyal ESO Plus member."
,Recommended,306130,23060430,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Onkel Morph,One of the greatest MMORPG's I ever played! Love this game :)Big plus: It also runs on machines with less power!
76561198127672857,Recommended,306130,19607862,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Slavic Hunter,I found this game very enjoyable. It is a fun pvp and somewhat entertaining pve game.
76561198059174820,Recommended,306130,19471437,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ElGatoGordo,"Like all the other reviews, the player should think of this game as a MMORPG first and a Bethesda Elder Scrolls game second. Regardless, I've played a lot of MMORPG's and this is hands down my favorite. Everything is so easy to learn, the people are nice and willing to help, and every quest is exciting."
,Recommended,306130,15515406,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Kuroion,"First off let me start by saying this is not skyrim, Think of it as an Elder Scroll MMO! :)As you can tell with my hours spent on the game and have leveled 4 toons to level 40+ atleast I can't get enough of it!This game is amazing! I've played World of Warcraft for almost 4 years (yikes) then finally had enough of it (about time) and stumbled apon this game in march when it became B2P (Buy to Play model)after putting in nearly 400hours I've yet to come across a quest i do not find intrest in! EVERY NPC WILL TALK TO YOU. and you can actually make desicions in the game!  - one quest i forgot the area but the objective was to retrive this scroll for a mage so she could unlock the keep door where the mayor of the town or what ever was hiding. The point is i couldn't obtain this scroll due to some maniac casting lightning at me so i ran up to him and after hearing why he was going nuts with his new found power i had a choice to calm him down (he lives) or push him off the edge.. (he dies) I pushed him and lol'ed for an hour XDThe game is great, the quests never become a bore, your class is barly restricting, (my main is a woodelf archer who likes to smack you with a two hander and sometimes heal in dungeons) ha! and there are updates every month the game went from buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ To something that is stabeling out and regrowing it's player base!Welp there is my two cents!"
,Recommended,306130,29942786,Posted: 15 February,all,Emperion Dynasty Cats,"Good RPG games. So far is good.. just sometimes i got dc.. maybe because my internet connection.I love the movie clip in this game. And the quest not bored too.- Skill and move is nice.- can cooking, collect recipe.- have house for stay.- can fishing.And many more i think..So i rate 9/10 for this games.If you search MMORPG, you can try this one."
,Recommended,306130,23301144,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,santa bandana,"You'd think they'd drop the ball on the MMO, but they certainly have not."
76561198153849978,Recommended,306130,21064508,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Heibz,By far the best MMO ive ever played! PVP is on point as well as the amount you can do alone is quite something. I have always loved plundering through caves to uncover weapons and armour and then bringing what you have found into the PVP area to fight for your alliance till death! This game is a work of art and i highly applaud the developers!Thank you and have a great day!~Heibz
,Recommended,306130,27034095,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TerracepT,"Don't be fooled by the game time on Steam, this is my second ESO account since I picked it up on sale, I usually play via a Bethesda account only.Premise:I'm sure I don't have to introduce anyone here to Bethesda or the Elder Scrolls franchise. However, from the perspective of someone who hasn't finished a single Elder Scrolls game before hitting up their MMO offering and tried most MMOs from Europe to China (I am talking about the ones that aren't translated at all, too) and was always looking for an MMORPG to hold his interest (since starting Nostale when I was 12 years old, I was hooked on the concept), I can say that this is an absolute gem and no other exclusively online title has ever took me in so much.Visuals: While this game is not too demanding hardware-wise, it looks totally stunning. From the sun rays to the textures, from the mounts to the small items that exist solely to be stolen, the graphic quality never fails to amaze me. This game does a lot with a little and while some quirks exist here and there, in general it's a sight to behold.Audio design: Booming and semi-realistic. I consider this one of the strongest sound designs in any MMO. There is simply nothing that seems out of place. It makes me put on my headphones to truly enjoy it and neither me nor my guildmates listen to music instead of the ingame sound, which is rare.Controls: This is what makes or breaks an MMO for me. Implement tab-targeting combat and I may get bored easily, depending on how dynamic combat feels. I dislike standing around and mashing my rotation. Luckily, you get none of that in The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited. You have a free targeting system that soft locks when you face the enemy. You have a little margin of error, which makes some maneauvers easier - which is probably what was intended in order to implement the game on consoles. And here we come to the one big problem I see - the amount of skill slots. I would feel extremely limited if this game would work like other MMOs do. But fortunately, it does not. The amount of procs via passives, armor pieces or even pets (in the widest sense) provide you with a lot of flexibility.PvE: Extremely rewarding and challening at times, while being very fair. There is very little RNG to speak of that would make the game more about luck than skill and equipment. A lot of the dungeon bosses have mechanics in place that require coordination which makes the combat feel even nicer.PvP: A masterpiece when it comes to Cyrodiil, simply because it feels so epic. You have to attack or defend the strongholds currently held by your faction (Aldmeri Dominion/Ebonheart Pact/Daggerfall Covenant) and can use all kinds of siege engines to accomplish this. From pouring hot tar down the stairs to bashing the gates in, you will surely not be disappointed - unless you have a weak machine, that is. Cyrodiil is rather demanding and tends to be a lagfest, which can be combated up to a point using plugins.Final verdict: It's on sale right now! BUY IT.Even for the regular price it is absolutely worth it's money. However, you might find yourself wanting to buy the Gold Edition or subscribe to ESO Plus - both very viable options. Especially considering you get 1500 crowns/month of ESO Plus, this is a pretty clever move to get access to all of the DLC as long as your membership lasts.This review written by a curator forCanis Majoris"
76561198100178849,Recommended,306130,24923833,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Jack Skellington,"Wow, i'm not exactly great at judging games, but mmos i always enjoyed playing.. and this one my friends of steam community, is a very very very well crafted mmo, that you will enjoy a lot.So far i must say,Pros;+ Great optimization, you can have 60 fps easily on a computer by adjusting the game and it will still look very beautiful, or if you have a pc good enough, you can have this game at amazing graphics as well+ The hud is very helpful, you'll catch on the game quite fast+ Combat system is too far advaced for an mmo+ Lots of skills, and they are pretty fun to use, and you will feel very much free when you are in combat, it's fast.Cons;- The only thing that comes to mind is that this game has like an enourmous update thing, like the game it self is 53 gigs, and after that it will keep updating in the launcher, which was around 33 gigs or some more. i mean is that even normal?But honestly the best money i've ever spent on a game."
,Recommended,306130,21645495,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Moonelf,"I love Elder Scrolls game and game series. This is the best MMORPG game i play, it will be my favorite No.1 best game of the yearbut i will review some dissapointed about this game. This is my opinion.This is not bad game because everything cool stuff in Crown Store like you can buy Exotic horse, pet and some costume armor. But most dissapoint is Adventure Pack. You cant play any race, any alliance unless you bought Adventure Pack from Crown Store.Imperial Pack is not bad, only good you can get Imperial Race, Horse and Mudcrab(Pet) . You cant get Imperial Motif installed in other race even you bought Imperial Pack. Only Imperial Race have installed motif. Well if you want Imperial motif in your other race, you can buy from Crown Store, from player or loot 0.01% chance. thats fine to me.In first person camera still bad. Dev need more work for first person camera and fix field of view. Mostly people playing with third person.Combat system is poor, low damage. not balanced. atleast put something abilities that we can combos our spell. That would be cool.In my opinion. Just make this game free. Nothing special you bought for $60. It too much price.IM NOT HATE THIS GAME. I love this game very much, all Elder Scrolls series i like, but it need improvement for better gameplay :)"
,Not Recommended,306130,29073844,Posted: 6 January,all,AuldWolf,"Online Paradise Lost: ESO's Self-Sabotage, Alienating Casuals EverywhereI used to like ESO. Sadly, I've seen it patched to appeal to the kind of people who play League of Legends and WoW (over competitive, toxic people, you know the sort) because that's where ZOS thinks they'll make their money. Good luck to them with that.Let me give you a rundown:CraftingCrafting used to make the best gear in the game, it was a level higher than anything that dropped. Since crafting isn't grindy enough though and the end-game PvE players complained no end, crafting has been nerfed into the ground and it's no longer a level higher, the stats are objectively worse, and there's just no point in it any more.This is after they swore up and down that crafted gear would always be better than what drops. The case now? You have to grind for your gear in dungeons, the best gear being in group dungeons of course. This spites their casual audience to appeal to a more WoW-minded crowd that they believe will bring in more money.ScalingThey changed dungeon scaling so that instead of it scaling to the level of the party leader, it scales up to CP160. The problem with this is that low level people won't have the skills and passives unlocked to do well, here. Group dungeon has been effectively locked away from casuals, it's meant for the PvE Master Race, now. By which I mean the people who love mindless, repetitive grind.Why do this? ZOS believes that they can make money from Skinner box models, similar to WoW. It's an unethical thing, but their management has been terrible of late. They don't realise that casuals tend to have altitits and they'll spend loads of time just roleplaying in a game. These casuals are also the ones who'll buy outfits from their cash shop. It's amusing that they think that an end-game PvE person or a PvP player will have any interest in housing or a chef costume... It's delusional.HousingThey're locking the upcoming housing system behind grinding. You have to have a massive amount of achievements unlocked and a huge amount of money ready to even have a house. So you either have to spend your life grinding away, or you have to buy it from the store for frankly ridiculous prices. This isn't going to work well for them.BalancingUp until Tamriel Unlimited, the balancing team had been pretty great. However, with Tamriel Unlimited, their creative director left and everything went downhill. Undocumented stealth nerfs to drops and skills, and balancing refocused away from keeping casual play viable to appealing to the toxic, competitive players (both PvP players and end-game PvE players alike). They've been alienating casuals no end.In fact, there was a recent thread about how the Radiant Destruction nerf will screw up the kind of fun concept builds that casuals use. The only people who've complained about the skill are toxic PvP players and elitist end-game PvE players. This escalated so quickly that their community team had to step in, reducing a thread from seven pages to three, leaving behind only smarmy L2P posts. Good going. Way to alienate your casual players.DuellingGoodbye roleplaying! Goodbye peaceful crafting/bank times! I know from third party forums that a lot of roleplayers left when they added duelling. That's right, ESO has duelling now. What do you think that toxic, crappy people are going to do with a tool like that? They're going to grief people. The same thing happened in Champions Online, and that lead to duel-free zones.ESO doesn't have duel free zones and the developers have told us in no uncertain terms that it never will. They don't care about roleplayers. They don't see them as a viable demographic. No money to be made off of roleplayers, right? Except... Who buys the fancy clothing from the crown store? Who do they think is going to buy the player housing? End-game PvE players or PvP players? Hahaha.Don't make me laugh.Forum FavouritismIf this evidence wasn't enough, as I mentioned above, there's been a lot of forum favouritism. The moderators have been deleting the posts of casuals who've complained about this, along with locking/deleting threads. I've been watching it happen and the whole thing is a train wreck. Essentially, the community team knows how the majority of their demographic feels about these changes, but they're just shutting them down because that's what management wants.ConclusionESO is going out of its way to alienate their casual players. They don't want us or our money. And to that I say: Fine. That's actually fine. If you don't want my money, I'm okay with that. The problem is? Champions Online and Battleborn made similar choices, appealing to the ""hardcore"" PvE crowd and toxic PvP players. What's happened to those games? They're dead. They have anywhere between 50 and 300 concurrent players on a good day.The management team at ZOS could look at these numbers to realise where those games went wrong with alienating their casual audience to see what they shouldn't be doing. Instead, they're just repeating the same old mistakes.So I'm afraid I have to say... ESO is a toxic wasteland filled with annoyances, frustration, disappointment, and crappy people. If you're a casual player and/or a roleplayer, just avoid it. You'll only end up feeling depressed. Just be thankful you won't have to feel as defeated and betrayed by the whole affair as I do. I liked ESO.ESO is quickly becoming as bad for casual players as any other MMO. When casuals aren't even allowed to have a voice on the forums, you know it's past the point of no return. I wonder if they'll delete my review, too?"
76561198000296538,Recommended,306130,15178051,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,vondano,GREAT GAME!!! really nice ambiance and great story! great immersion! you gotta play this!
76561198148639300,Recommended,306130,15115460,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Armadugan,"Okay here it is... This game which is a MMORPG is acutally pretty good.  Now I've watched Angry Joe (he reviews videos and talks about them in a somewhat angry manner ""hint the name"") but this is one of his reviews that I disagree with.  He stated that the game was boring and very cookie cut MMORPG exsperince, but in truth it is anything but.  Most games would have you go kill 10 spiders and then turn in the quest.  However, ESO (Elder Scrolls Online) is vastly different.  While killing those said 10 spider, you may find a letter in one of the stomach of the pests, telling you of a soldier who feel victim to a spider attack, it would tell you to return that letter to his family.  Only to find out that the family has gone missing and they have been captured by a Cult.  A cult whom worships a spider demon as a god. You destory the cult members and their deity and in the process you put all the dead spirts to rest. Quests like this is why ESO is truly amazing and one of a kind.Tldr; game quests are good you should feel good by playing it."
,Recommended,306130,15792270,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,WDMShredz,"Believe the other positive reviews, this game is purely amazing. Go into this with an open mind and you'll have a blast, go into this thinking it is Skyrim Online, and you probably won't enjoy it all that much. That is all that I can say about this, as while I have only a couple of hours, have developed enough of a basis to recommend this game."
,Recommended,306130,15134318,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,MIKETHEGUY,"Got into a bar fight with a pirate to get information, there was an innocent monkey bystander that hops through the middle of fight. Monkey get killed by jumping right in front of my blade.10/10R.I.P MonkeyA hero.A lover.A beacon of hope.*Que Sarah McLachlan music*"
,Recommended,306130,19326189,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,GetRidaHim,"Elder Scrolls Online ReviewAfter around 300 hours of playing the game, I thought it was about time to right up a review about the game. I'm going to do my best not to spoil it, but I can't make any promises.Let's start off with the things I didn't like about the game...(Please note I am a mac user, so any software/hardware bugs I report are mac only, or local only.)• Lots of loading screens, and some can take 30-60 seconds. (recently fixed and shortened for windows and mac users)• Changes to character skins and armour dyes can take a while to take effect, making character customization rather annoying.• HUGE FILE DOWNLOAD, I'm afraid if your internet is not good, it'll be a while before you can play the game, although I do recommend learning a bit about the game in that time.Now onto the great things about the game...• Amazing Quest storyline, especially in the Orsinium/Wrothgar DLC• Once you progress with Dolmens, the bosses can be dragons, so.. YES YES YES YES YES! (Not actually too sure how the dolmen system works, but I have fought a dragon with a huge group of players.)• Extremely friendly community, scared you won't fit in with the masters of Tamriel? Wrong. While just like every community there's a toxic player or... dozens... Elder Scrolls Online isn't so. I have yet to see a disrespectful player within the game, nor have I ever been scammed. Also growing as a player zone chat was always there for me, and the nice players behind it!• Beautiful graphics and world design.• Entertaining Dungeons and Group Activities.• Not buy to win, there's hardly anything in the ""Crown Store"" that can be buy to win, so if you don't feel like spending your money to win, then you're in luck!• Great character customization, and build options.Could go on, but I have to go take care of my guild! Please rate up the review if you found it entertaining, or helpful! Thank you! Great job Bethesda and friends!"
,Recommended,306130,15343700,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Kyle,Updates have really changed this game for the better. The combat is very well done and requires some skill. Many of the negative reviews are just looking for an online skyrim. This is no online skyrim :). great replay ability with pvp and different alliances.
76561198002541598,Recommended,306130,19654801,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Eyepatch,"Although as of writing this I am hardly over 43 hours of gameplay, I must say I have never played such a great MMORPG game!Thank you Bethesda once again."
,Recommended,306130,20849351,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Yaikuro,"If you were expecting Skyrim online you will be disappointed.It's a good game if you like semi-open world exploration and is a great game for killing time.The skills can be a little confusing and you may just wander off into an area where the difficulty is 2x your characters level.This brings me to the second subject: Grinding, you will want to grind levels because the XP earned from sidequests is not enough to boost you into the next level, only problem is it takes forever.Story is pretty generic and the voices are recycled.Questing in this game is generally the same as most MMOs, but feels very different.Everything is voice acted and the quests are fairly easy to follow along.They actually provide a story to the quest and make it feel meaningful, like what you're doing will actually mean something and isn't just a means for you to level up.The fighting is fun and upbeat while crafting is a very useful little game of its own, requiring you to hunt, gather, craft, and enchant.The amount of new content coming towards this game is undescribable, you should all really check up on what's coming."
76561198023207362,Recommended,306130,15151295,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Donye,"Bought this game after a friend of mine convinced me to. I was skeptical at first, as I'd heard all the bad press around it's launch last year and I didn't know how it had moved on. I did a little bit of research and found the general consensus was ""things have changed for the better try it"" I'm now 15hours or so in and I am thoroughly enjoying it. Of course I bought it for the MMO side, but the ""single player"" RPG style is brilliant. The content I've played so far is well worth the £50 I have spent and what's better is that there's no subscription fee. In my opinion, a must have for Elder Scrolls fans.Pros:-Great story with interesting side quests and detail to characters-All quests and NPCs have audio, the voice acting is actually a lot better than Skyrim and previous TES titles too-Beautiful landscape-Large world, covering the vast continents of Tamriel-Involving and meaningful character progression, each skill point seems to matter-No subscription, so if you need a break, simply put it down-Beautiful soundtrack-Crafting is actually decent throughout, with access to crafting easy enough and crafted armour/weapons better than questCons:-Large disk space. I think it's around 60gb, not too much trouble nowadays but watch out.-Quests seem to be very easy early on-No real scope for group play/levelling with friends in PvE (15hours in) You seem to speed past it even faster-They give you 60 bank space har har! This is a TES game, we are all horders!I would very much reccomend the game based on what I've played so far. I very much look forward to the PvP towards the end game, which I haven't had chance to sample yet. However the PvE questing content so far has been well worth the money.Give it a go!"
,Recommended,306130,29937195,Posted: 15 February,all,bennyyao,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Recommended,306130,26663836,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SALTasaurus,"Concerning the other reviews:This game isamazing. Despite what the majority of reviews say during the time I am writing this, this game is still great.A new update has come out recently that made it even more fun, you can now go anywhere is the game right off the bat.People say the support in the game isn't that great, though as long as you try not to do anything stupid you will not need support. At the time of writing this I have 300 hours in steam alone, I have not once needed to ask for support.The PVP works fine, although it is kind of difficult because some people are really good.The download is rather large, and the Steam download is not very helpful. You should download the launcher from the actual ESO website and download it there. Yes, the game is large, but people who complain about download time don't realize everyones has different internet speeds.AnywaysContent wise:You start by creating a character, you can choose from one of 3 factions, each with 3 races, and 4 classes.The game takes place in the world of Nirn, the continent of Tamriel. Tamriel has 3 factions, The Ebonhart Pact, The Dagerfall Covenant, and the Aldemeri Dominion.This leads into PVP where these three factions fight for their alliance leader for the center, Cyrodil.There is so many thing you can do in this game. I know it feels overwhelming in the beginning, we have all been there.NOTE:This game is NOT like traditional Bethesda games, one thing to keep in mind is this is a MMO.Update for Autumn sale"
,Recommended,306130,15129474,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Happytrees,gem es gud
,Recommended,306130,15193623,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ESPO,"Welcome to my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review:Pros:+ Combat System is super fluid and active+ Quest are fun and completing them actually means something+ Not P2W+ Have to explore the world to find quest+ Story line is immersive asf+ Dungeons are interactive+ Can fast travel, which is so, so, sooo helpful+ The PVP map is SO ♥♥♥♥ING BIG HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ IT SEEMS LIKE WAR.+ Skills in the game are ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, fly through the air then crash and knock up enemies 20 feet in the air is fun+ Not WoWCons:- Very few but frustrating glitches during quest. (Unkillable NPCS sometimes)- Olbivion portals suck, 5% playable area 95% view, like real? They don't even turn the sky red.9.6/10 ♥♥♥♥ yeah get this game."
,Recommended,306130,19914691,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,FlowMotion,Bought for $24 on sale.Downloaded SweetFX 2.0.No regrets.
,Recommended,306130,19496392,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Aldus.Manutius,"Simply put:it's a good game and it's worth the money.For months I was in doubt wether to buy this game or not due to the negative reviews. When it went on sale for 21 euros, I got it and it is magnificent. It would have been worth it even at full price. I say this will be enjoyed by someone who has played the series since the days of Daggerfall, and has had a great time on World of Warcraft.ESO has the depth of Daggefall (circa), the gameplay of Morrowind, and the graphics somewhere between Skyrim and Oblivion. The small issues are, by far, outshun by the depth of this game. The list of things to do is endless.I can't stand that this game still suffers from the inital negative reviews that no longer represent the quality of the product:Yes, It's worth your money, don't be afraid. Go get it."
,Not Recommended,306130,26614897,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,N3PA,Last year I would have reccomended it. A series of bad updates and poor decisions for the game has changed my mind. It's not terrible. It's just I believe the state of the game was more balanced and fun 1-2 years ago than currently. PVE is a joke. Burn through all trash mobs in a dungeon then spend 10 mins killing a boss that with recent updates have like 10x more hp than they used to have. Still the same difficulty(easy) but the time it takes now is a joke. Its boring.DLCS offer nothing new. Same old generic quests with a new backdrop.PVP.....unbalanced mess due to class unbalances and certain sets.Find an exploit? Use it. Worst that happens 2 week ban with no rollback.Can't sell half of the drops from dungeons as they bind to your account so the economy is pretty stale.Oh yeah...RNG. You will learn to despise this.Not the worst. But far from the best.
76561198080473770,Recommended,306130,26674461,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,AngryAndre,"dont believe the haters!look at them,4h playtime,how can they even have the slightest idea about this game?but dont you worry,im here to tell you about it.my actual playtime is way more than that displayed here,dont know why steam wasnt counting for almost a year.anyway,its a great game,it had its problems(monthly subs at start,veteran levels,bad performance of pvp servers) but most of it got fixed and the game has improved alot since the beginning.i took a long break because of reasons listed above but know im back at it and its fricking awesome.tons of content,for both casual and hardcore players,pve and pvp players,big range of character costumization/developement,lots of possibilities regarding skill and gear build to fit the playstyle you like.huge amount of endgame content,actually the game just really starts when you reach lvl 50the only thing i personally wish for is some kind of small group arena pvp mode,4v4 or something,kinda like in a moba game,cause cyrodiil is a lot of zerging which can be quite random and tiring.so its definetly worth getting"
,Recommended,306130,15752964,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Swear On Mi Mum,"Keep in mind that this is an MMO, not single player with installable naked mods cause you want ""realism"" (sure), but it does not suck (it really doesn't)."
,Recommended,306130,14966951,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Truhtîn þonar,"It's really changed from release, the new lack of subscription really tips the scale. It may no be like Skyrim, but you still the Elder-Scrolls feel while playing. Would suggest buying."
76561198137330332,Recommended,306130,15030014,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Ekks Dee | csgolive.com,"Definitly a good purchase if you're an Elders Scrolls fans, the community is good ( not thrash like WoW ). Sure it's not a Skyrim though, but since the recent patches we can clearly see that this MMO is going to evoluate alot.Graphics : 8/10 ( PC Master race )Gameplay: 9/10 ( You can grind or quests, so it's perfect for everyone )Story line: 7/10 ( The main quest is not bad, could be a little bit better )PvP: 9.5/10 ( PvP is why I bought this game, the war are just crazy as f*ck )PvE: 8.5/10 ( If you like grinding, you'll sure like this game, just make sure to find the right grinding spot and that's it )"
,Recommended,306130,15012695,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,fat moogle,Like Elder Scrolls? Like MMOS? Play this.
76561198136349058,Recommended,306130,15486598,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,PonchoGrande,"Completely worth the money and the 40 GB download. Would have bough this game a long time ago had it not been p2p. Tamriel Unlimited definitely deserves the title of an elder scrolls game. For those of you who are considering buying it as your first elder scrolls game, I would still recommend Skyrim.Just keep in mind that this is NOT Skyrim Multiplayer! The dynamics are that of an MMO, for example instead of buying spells, you unlock them like you do in other mmos and mmorpgs. The story is amazing and the side-quests are awesome. The only problem is when you are supposed to be sneaking into a house and there are other people just standing there because they are at a later stage of a quest. But this is just nitpicking and I enjoy the game."
,Recommended,306130,15607095,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,earl,"This game is so underrated, it's all because of pay to play. That was removed. This game is awesome, especially if you're into Elder Scrolls. I reccomend purchasing it."
,Recommended,306130,19530766,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,S.H.I.N.O.B.I,great game
,Recommended,306130,16784290,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,GasMaskBaby,its good. :D
,Recommended,306130,30488695,Posted: 13 March,all,alinverse,"Highly recommend this game!Especially for Skyrim lovers, this MMORPG version will not disappoint! The graphics are so immersive and there are just endless quests and interesting lore to discover. Even levelling up various skills is multi-dimensional, there are so many factors you can change which will in turn change your game play tactic."
76561198053237959,Recommended,306130,15029968,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Ch3v4l13r,"-Elder Scroll-MMO-NO Sub fee-NO P2W-It can only get better-Kate BeckinsaleJust get it, its Elders Scrolls Oline!"
,Recommended,306130,17877701,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Fred Fredburger,"After Elder Scrolls Online became Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited, this MMO has become one of favorite MMOs of all time. Each quest has a unique, interesting story behind it and at times doesn't feel like the average MMO quest. ESO also does a beautiful job of capturing the lore of the Elder Scrolls universe allowing it to appeal greatly to fans. They have also made the game to where you don't need to be a fan to play the game. It's easily accessible to everyone else. All in all, ESO is a stunning game that is worth your time."
,Recommended,306130,17240784,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,King Aria,"I played the Beta and it was horrible. The game was unoptimized and the story felt uninspiring. It didn't quite feel like Elder Scrolls nor did it feel like a meaningful MMO.I played the release and it was horrible. Many of the bugs that plagued the Beta were still present. Not only that, but there was a monthly fee attached to the game which coerced me into rushing through content in hopes of reaching the maximum level.And now, we have the buy-to-play version; Tamriel Unlimited. It seems like Zenimax have found the right balance. I don't feel rushed into completing stories anymore. Anyways, onto the review.I can't believe how great the game has become. Zenimax introduced a new justice system that allows you to kill non-story NPC's, rob their homes and pickpocket people. They introduced a bounty system along with that. In first person mode, it really feels like an Elder Scrolls game now. Wandering the in-game world also gives off that ES vibe.Wherever you choose to go in the game world, there are books and events that will continue to keep you entertained, just like the singleplayer experience. If you play the game with an open mind for an MMO, you will fall in love with it (and I'm an MMO veteran). There is a lot of content here; there are 3 factions and each faction has their own storyline and maps that you can explore. Each map is the size of, say, 3 zones in Guild Wars 2.This game has made me reminiscent of Runescape back in the day. There are a bunch of skills you can level up and you can go about your business in any way you choose. Feel like harvesting wood and building things today? Have at it. Feel like fishing and selling your wares in town? Go for it. There are no set paths and you can pick up and complete any quest you choose. You don't feel pushed to do quests like in other MMO's. Levelling doesn't really feel like levelling if you're looking to take your time with the game.As a Star Wars the Old Republic fan, I will say that the in-game stories aren't as detailed as the aforementioned. The stories are on-par with that of Skyrim, however. They're simple but interesting.Now time for the flaws with this MMO. Like any other MMO, there is always a flaw with the game. I personally didn't experience any bugs whatsoever and I'm 10 hours in. The game itself DOES feel like an MMO; it doesn't have that personal touch that singleplayer ES games give you. If you save a town, people will cheer you on - however talking to individual NPC's won't net you any rewards. I remember some guy saying he'd buy the person who saved the King some ale but when I spoke to him, he just said, ""Yeah?"" Needless to say, I killed him.This new version of the game gets a solid 8/10. Zenimax seems to only profit from expansions now which is fine by me; as long as they keep the same quality as the vanilla version, I'd happily purchase them. The Elder Scrolls Online is now a great MMO with even more content than Guild Wars 2. I highly doubt they're done with it yet."
,Recommended,306130,25518955,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Corrosion,"A very nice MMORPG set in the ES universe. It's not pay to win, it's not (overly) in your face about buying microtransactions, and everything blends well.They have microstransactions so they lost a lot of my respect but other than that, they did a nice job."
76561198168680903,Recommended,306130,28495734,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Shadow,this game is very good
,Not Recommended,306130,26272978,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,YT:Digital Beast,"Now I wish steam had a ""MEH"" button, because the game isn't entirly trash worthy. It's actually in some aspects pretty great! In matter of fact, I am still playing it (I mean just with my siblings of course.)Now heres why I made it negative, the game has no real fun challenge to it for me. I say that because some people may find fun in pvp, or doing the extremely hard raid bosses, and if you do make sure you bring a friend. I've had it on console a long time ago and I really wanted to be a werewolf but I was too weak for riften. Later on I got it on steam, brought my smexy♥♥♥♥♥LunchBoxFrank/HotDong, and ventured. I was happy to see that it was easy. I got the werewolf quest done.I thought it was tooo easy, so I went to look around. Turns out they did this scaling thing. I don't know much about it but it's (from what I know.) when everything is set near your level when you fight it.Like no growing? No challenge? I mean I know people will say ""What about that boss over in blah blah 2mil health""Yeah I am not talking about bosses that I have to fight in a dungeon. I wanted to grow and fight with my pals, to see my progress, go back to my earlier areas and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything. Maybe help some people.Sadly this isn't the case as no matter how tough I get my enemies will either be the same as me or just a little higher.I might miss a couple of points with this scaling thing but I think that covers most of it, I am pretty new to it, so if I missed anything please tell me.Now another thing that just made me angry was bug fixes.So my wonderful Luncbox Frank was doing the hircine quest and it got bugged and wouldn't let them complete it.I asked the fourms while my friend made a ticketThe ticket came back with some automated message ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ttwice.on one ticket...and the fourms were quiet.They had to start a new character (they were only at like lv 7, so it wasn't that big of a deal)Although thankfully they did get it on their new characterI mean at lv 11 i've almost got 10k but I bought me a guar mount cause their SOOOO cute.And with scaling I can just go join a farming thing near the giant camp, sell those or break them down.  Easy gold...I don't think I would have bought this at full price, it's not worth it. I'd say about 15 - 19 bucks AT MOST. I'm glad I got it on sale.To recap I think it's a meh game, you'll have fun , IF YOU BRING A FRIEND (I know not everyone but this is how I have fun, I am a loser lol.) Theres not much there.I'll edit if I get more information on it, but as of right now this is where I stand."
,Recommended,306130,19478006,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,allahuaktrigg22,"I just can't belive I bought the game for 79.99$ and it comes out at 66% off 1 day later. Good game though, so much to do. And they finally mixed grouping, so I can actually just find some random guy or call upon a friend and go adventuring."
,Recommended,306130,15018357,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,♤ETERNAL♤,"A very good game if you forget this being as people think it is ""Skyrim online"" it isn't and if you are getting it for that reason this isn't a game for you this is an open world MMO, that it very smilar to Guild Wars 2.Just that it has great Elder Scrolls lore!The justice system is fun so you can steal things but only sell up to 50 items a day so people cant just bot!Reportong system is easy.All players are friendly to you.This game does not support RP.Story is intresting.8/10Only because I wish it had better graphics!"
,Not Recommended,306130,11451925,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,-=Ace=- (NL),"Some people love the game others not so much.for me personally i am not into it. i tried it i really did. but i keep finding myself running around bored.This game is going to be awesome for the people that love the lore and like creating and being part of a guild etc etc.the fighting just doesn't feel right, i will give them credit for trying to emulate the single player elder scrolls games.But it just doesn't feel as nice, at times the timing is just off due to otherwise barely noticeable lag spikes.for the price it is at right now I wouldn't buy it again. I am kind of sorry I did.Hopefully it will get a bit cheaper in the future, then maybe it’s worth it. 60 bucks plus subscription fees seems too much.If you get a deal on it for around 30 i would say its reasonable, and if you don't mind paying the subscription.Fee to play would only make the game follow in the footsteps of so many mmo's that failed so i for one like that it has a subscription. That gives hope that the game will be getting updates and is being expanded.So kind of a mixed recommendation here,If you like the elder scrolls and want to explore the lands go ahead but don't expect skyrim with mmo aspects in it. it feels a lot more like morrowind to me when you play it after having played skyrim for days. kind of clunky but it still has some interesting things. The landscape looks interesting but like all mmo scattered with baddies that respawn after a while which only gets annoying after your pack is full and you just want to get back to a store and sell up.overall i have to say no, mainly because of the price of the game versus the actual game that you get. it's a subscribed game so they wouldn't need to jack the price that high since if you want to keep playing it you will keep paying them. but that is my opinion.Have fun either way."
,Recommended,306130,15710373,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,NeonPoison,was not going to buy this but gta v then the fear of taking a arrow to the knee set in. now kiddos i need an intervention. ESO IS LOVE ESO IS LIFE
76561198059119488,Not Recommended,306130,26206000,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Shay,"This is why I do not recommend this game (via Steam):""Please know that since your crowns pack purchases are made through Steam, that we are unable to offer any possible refund on this. Now if you wish to request a refund on the purchase you have made for 5,500 crowns. Then from here you will need to get into contact with Xsolla Support, I am so very sorry for any possible inconvenience that this may cause you.""If you are unsatisfied with a purchase. Too bad.Steam says check with Zenimax for refund.Zenimax says check with Xsolla.Its like going to a store and the only payment option is Visa. So you pay with Visa. The product is crap so you go to the store and say I want to return it and get a refund..... they tell you to go talk to Visa.Update from Xsolla:"" Elly (Xsolla)Oct 26, 9:17 AM YEKTHello,we are sorry to hear about your issues with your payment. Unfortunately for this service all payments are final and there are no cancellations. Thank you for understanding.Customer Service Supervisor"""
76561197976557507,Not Recommended,306130,20177010,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MadCat,"To be fair, there are elements of this game that are very well done, Almost all of them are undermined by silly, nonsensical  design decisions that make the game more frustrating than fun to play. Lack of basic MMO features like a functional auction house and a competent group finder are the deal breakers for me. The game experience quickly devolves into a badly designed inventory management simulator.I should write a more complete and in depth review, but life is short and I'm not going to waste the precious moments. I ONLY recommend this game if you can get it on sale. It is not a game that has much long term appeal. As a casual short term experience you can probably get enough short term value out of this at sale price, but the full sixty-dollar buy-in is not a good value."
,Recommended,306130,14953123,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Kingen,"Everything about this game is nice except the voiceacting,The voiceacting is decent.Nice game, recommended."
76561198018637576,Not Recommended,306130,19968066,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Reborn 再生,- Took 3 days to download.- Error login.- Crash every 5mn- Couldn't finish my character creation.Conclusion: Not worth it.-Uninstall.
,Recommended,306130,22889477,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Mr. Match,ESO: The only MMO where you will get destroyed by a Zerg Rush of players wearing wedding dresses.
,Not Recommended,306130,17307203,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Metrobus,"Like any MMO, the more you play, the less it respects your time and money. Your accomplishments in-game are trivialized by the player riding by with superior gear, and the initiative to explore like in older Elder Scrolls games is now replaced with the driving requirement to max level and grind. May appeal to MMO players who are looking for breaks from their 'main' MMO, but it does not feel like a true Elder Scrolls game to those who have enjoyed the series."
,Recommended,306130,13289785,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,LuckyZealot,"Mostly positive experience with this game.+ Quality graphics that run well even on slightly older machines (like mine)+ Very good tutorial systems to get you into the game quickly+ Crafting missions (certifications) easily introduce you to each trade+ Highly immersive story based missions that can change the game as you play+ Weapon and ability skill system reminiscient of the single player ES games and well executed in the MMO environment- Ran afoul of the crashing bug requiring the use of OpenGL drivers over D3D11, this caused a slight framerate drop- UI add-ons are almost required to get the most out of the game*-> *Examples include no built in mini-map, no built in spam (gold-seller) filtering, experience and resource (health, mana, stamina, ability) bars are not persistant and can often fail to appear when they would be useful.To be fair the crashing bug, while persistant over several patches, seems to affect a minority of players and there has been some indication that the develpoment team is trying to find solutions. Unfortunately the solutions over the last couple of patches seem to help some players while creating problems for others.While UI add-ons make the game easier they are by no means required and you can make your way through the game quite well without them.Overall I would say this is an excellant game that has the potential for a reasonably long life as far as MMO's go provided the dev team can get it stabilised/optimised a little better."
76561198080971519,Not Recommended,306130,28131944,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,TaeKwonDnt,"While I have poured hundreds of hours into this game, I never really fell deep into it like I wanted to. Basically, I played it because I got tired of WoW and GW2.Factions are so unbalanced it isn't funny. Everyone plays Aldmeri Dominion, so people like me in The Daggerfall Covenant are screwed in Cyrodiil; pvp as well as finding groups in general.Getting a group can take a long time. Not joking, as a DPS, I once waited 4 hours to find a group after spamming chat and using the useless LFG tool. Even as a tank, it took me too much time. Just keep in mind, I played on the least popular faction.With this game, you outlevel an area way too quick, not as bad as WoW though. The graphics are impressive, but I find that stylized graphics improve the lifespan of a game.Crafting is cancer. The whole ""research a trait"" thing will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Literally, you will wait an entire month to research your final trait of an item.Questing was fun at first, but got soooooo repititve that I would smash my head on my desk and cry. Yea, it's nice that there is voice acting and some choice making, but I didn't like the stories. Keep in mind, I LOVE Elderscrolls games. A lot. I wanted to love this one, but couldn't.Combat? Meh. PvP? Meh. Crafting? Kill me, please. Socialization? Unless you play with games with friends or join a non-cesspool guild (of which there are a lot), you will not speak. Story? Well, it actually has a decent one.This game just made me wish they stuck to single player massive adventure games. This is like multi-player Skyrim, which isn't as cool as it sounds. Release Elderscrolls VI already, please, Bethesda.Game chat is cancer, too."
,Recommended,306130,26685014,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,✪ Arc™,"ESO is a good game, has enough Skyrim, and Oblivion in it to make it a good elder scrolls. But, it also has good enough multiplayer, PVP, and other thing that make it an MMORPG. Overal game play is good,  graphics as good as you can expect.This game gets a 5 star rating."
,Recommended,306130,27510926,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tresha,"The game is amazing in most aspects: it has that specific TES atmosphere, great quests (the number of them and the quality), awesome PvP in Cyrodil (sieging is a lot of fun when you get used to it), huge number of dungeons and delves to explore and raid and of course the 12 man trials - big dungeons with epic bosses. The craft system is fun however takes a lot of time to master. Pretty cool what they did with mounts too - each char needs to learn how to ride to be faster, have extra stamina and bag space.Some downsides: I hate seeing other players in my story missions. For example when i save a city and kill mobs, after i return the quest the city is saved, rebuild and has no more mobs. But next player comes and you see him fighting there with someone. It would be cooler if game would have more personal instances rather than having main quests in the open world.Other things which i don't like are the quickbars. Rather than having all my skills on 1 i have to pick 6 skills for 1 of 2 quickbars and constantly switch. i understand that that was made for console peasants but that doesn't make it ok, It would be more MMOish if i would see at least 20 of my skills at the same time.I find character positioning really hard, especially when you need to take screen in specific place (for instance - guild photo). It just doesn't want to move where i need it and if I want to make a step to the right, char rather fall from cliff than take a step to the right.Anyway, all things considered I recommend this game to all who love TES world, exploring and questing. Group events are amazing here!"
,Recommended,306130,21262384,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,KillerApple00,"I don't like or play a lot of MMO's, but this game is great. For someone who doesn't like those types of games, I love The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited. This game is very fun to play with a large group or even just a couple of friends. I would rate this game a 9/10 not my style but still a great and fun game!"
76561198116077288,Recommended,306130,20036004,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rainy Lynx,Lot's of people give this game♥♥♥♥♥♥for not being like Skyrim and judge it purely based on that. Ignore those people. If you are a fan of Bethesda's single player adventures but RPGMMOs aren't exactly your cup of tea this game probably isn't for you but if you do just so happen to be a fan of both of those things or even just RPGMMOs in general ESO is definitely going to be a great game for you!
,Recommended,306130,21800021,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,- ☁ Zimniya klyukva 对,Realy love skyrim but this game its realy amazing )
,Recommended,306130,19477293,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Vivi ۞ ۞ ۞۞ ۞۞۞ ۞۞۞۞,Awesome! they changed a lot of things about the game after the dissapointing launch they had for the the game the new changes are making the game one step better :D
,Recommended,306130,33139464,Posted: 2 July,all,Haratics (Daniel),"The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited™Notes:This is notSkyrim OnlineSo don't expect the insanse modding or graphic packs.The game has come along way since it's rocky launch.Elder Scrolls online is to me personally the best MMO I've ever gotten into. Even though I only have 167 hours on steam, I've played the game trough the downloadble client from the website for hundreds of hours more. The world is insanely large ->""navigating across the entire map – and crossing every province in the process – would take over 500 minutes or 8.3 hours""Quests in the game at the time of me writing this review. So You've got plenty of time just to put into those, And all the quests tell their own story and has its own Euinqe Characters. And if you get tired of quests you can go back to old zones and try to get 100% completion by defeating the ""Mini world bosses"" And find all lore books/sky shards complete the dungeons in that zone all of this can be done just by running around and explore the map!!The Combat/skills and classes that's in the game is amazing, Each class has its own 3 class locked Ability bars with 3 Ultimate abilities, BUT!!! Most of the abilities in the game's available to every class in the game. The 2 major tabs that's available to everyone areWeaponandArmor. For the weapon catergory there's:- Two Handed- One Handed and Shield- Dual wield- Bow- Destruction staff- Restroration staffThe weapon abilities will be the most important for you to make a good viable kit for PVP/PVE combat.ven though this wasn't a real Review I hope you get a bit more understanding for the game! I would recommend this game for everyone, if i had enough money, I'd give the game to anyone who asks for it!!9/10 - Molghber"
76561198159531886,Recommended,306130,26743356,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ArcaneMaster123,Best MMO out there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198275056869,Recommended,306130,26680385,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Scott-E-Cheese,"Much more worth it to get the gold edition than regular subscription-based version, provided it is on sale you can think of it as buying any other Elder Scrolls game, though requires several extra signups to create your account but nothing major.Whilst I haven't played very long I can give a few things for beginning players such as myself:- Combat is slower than the single player  games, much like other MMORPGs, but if you were expecting good combat from this game you will find it lacking.- The quest system and layout of inventory and such is a bit confusing at first but I feel you can get to grips with it quite quickly.-It is an online Elder Scrolls game, not the most brilliantly executed but it works and is enjoyable.-I dont see myself sinking hundreds of hours into it like many do for the single player Elder Scrolls games but I certainly see me coming back to it a fair bit.-You may well not have much time to test it and request a refund should you not enjoy it if your internet connection is poor, there are quite a few somewhat large patches that need to be installed when you first launched the game, and then you have to sort out emails and everything else, so if ever there is another free weekend or anything, try it out before you buy."
76561198030894518,Recommended,306130,32509573,Posted: 17 June,all,G. Tommy T.,"So far, a couple months into the game and loving it.  Don't get me wrong, it's a Bethesda game so expect the glitches typical to their games; but the game itself is beautifully thought out and very enjoyable.  Even as a non-ESO Plus member the game feels fully open to you.Definitely worth the investment and exploration."
76561198248477086,Recommended,306130,17988453,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,marcbenoit1234,"73/100, The merchants are worse than pawn stars, they will give you 20g for good items for exemple. the game looks too much like every rpg you will see, like WOW , cabal. but I really love the elder scrolls feeling you get, the story is not bad the map is gorgous too."
76561197982089533,Recommended,306130,21357901,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Chaos GMR,"MMORPG, based on the elder scrolls series. Easy to get into, people somewhere said that you should not expect a MMORPG to be anything like the scroll games..... I would say those people are wrong at this point, thieves’ guild expansion just came out and sounds like the stealth aspect might have been boosted. One of the few MMORPG than I can say Solo play is a viable option."
,Recommended,306130,15335494,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,cannabidan,"I'm glad this finally went free 2 play as paying a subscription is against my gaming religion :)It plays very similar to skyrim but with obvious changes to account for it being mmo.It isn't as I would of imagined though as it looks like you would get all of tamriel to play in but it is seperated into 4 areas, 1 for each alliance and then a large pvp area (cyrodil) in the middle. Each of the 3 alliances get their own pve story and area to explore containing at least 5 sections of the map each but unfortunatley it's not a multi-faction free-roam and the alliance you choose determines your play through (you can have 8 characters so could have 1 for each if you choose).UPDATE: 30/12/15The price is now well worth the purchase, the updates have made it run smoother and there are less issues, also they have finaly added pad support (although using it does change the UI) which is brilliant regardless of the small changes.This game is now a good 98% recommend"
,Recommended,306130,21176488,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Tyundors (YLCore),This is a great game for anyone who enjoys the Elder Scrolls games and RPG MMO's in generel.9/10
76561198030783476,Recommended,306130,26645141,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,cmfic,"I like that you can play ESOTU in single-player mode but still experience an MMO world. Some folks, like me, don't have the reflexes to play dynamic games. I think Bethesda/Zenimax do a pretty good job of presenting and maintaining this content. Also, with a huge modding community, you can find just about anything you need tailor the game to your desired play style.Although not of Skyrim quality, the graphics are quite good and function smoothly. And, even though I prefer single-player mode, you have the option for PVP, Guilds, crafting, trading, co-op group-play, levelling, even cooking.  All in all, I would recommend this game and let it stand on its own merits without comparing it to other Elder Scrolls titles. It will definitely keep you occupied while you await the sequel to Skyrim."
76561198027077989,Recommended,306130,15173163,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,CapnBawsley,"It's not garbage anymore! A large open world with fast paced gameplay, interesting quests, balanced classes and large scale pvp. Just don't expect Skyrim online and you wont be too salty. Definitely worth the admission price of $60. 8/10 it's aight' mayne."
,Recommended,306130,23902840,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lastingk,"I was getting used to game, decided to try the skills.Hit a peasant unintentionally. Peasant attacked me. Killed the peasant.Peasant's wife also attacked me. I killed her too.Got bounty to my name. Started to run away. A guard attacked me. I get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the guard.11/10 would destroy a family again."
,Recommended,306130,23890084,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Drewskiii,Always been a fan of The Elder Scrolls games and always will be.
,Recommended,306130,23931082,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Koot,"Great MMO with insane amounts of depth to it, only thing that sucks is that the horrible launch disaster turned so many people off to it.It's nothing like it was at launch for anyone wondering, a whole new game pretty much."
76561198184613506,Recommended,306130,25464774,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,mopstyx,It's a great game.
76561198166803634,Recommended,306130,23971546,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Drakilian,"Awesome game, the PvP makes it all worth it.Don't mind the hours you see listed above, i've put way more time than i'm proud of into this game, and I judge it a worthy exchange."
,Recommended,306130,23088522,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Ms. Bizarre,"Yes, compared to other Elder Scrolls games, this one is pretty lacking. However, in it's own right, ESO has proven to be a fun, unique MMO with lots to do and fun times to be had. As a gamer who primarily plays MMO's, I plan on putting a lot of time into this one. The community is also one of the nicest I've experienced, being extra helpful when asked questions from a new player like myself."
,Recommended,306130,29943996,Posted: 15 February,all,kaitr0n!,telvanni lesbians 100/10
76561198132856214,Recommended,306130,26701448,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Vodrallion,"THIS IS NOT SKYRIM ONLINE! ITS AN MMO SET IN THE ELDER SCROLLS UNIVERSE!DO NOT BUY THIS THINKING ITS SKYRIM ONLINE!So i decided to give it a try since this is free for the weekend, i actually really like it and enjoyed the nearly 10 hours i played. (I ended up buying it so those 10 hours are soon gonna be over 100) I dont really get why people started hating it or giving the game negative reviews only cause they were dumb enough to mess up the account logging thing. I see people having trouble with that - the log ins. Well you download the game, launch it then create an account by clicking ""ACCOUNT"" at the launcher (assuming youre new and dont have an account), close the game and then re-launch it and log in with your newly made account. A message will pop up to link your account to Steam, then thats it, no more logging errors! Thats how i did it and i dont even have any logging issues any more! Seriously its not even that hard! Anyways its really an awesome game with tons of content. I really enjoy it and the community so far has been nice to me so thats another pro. Will update this once i have enough playtime and experience with the game so i have a much better knowledge wether its worth buying or not. As of now, its on sale and i definitely reccomend it.EDIT 1 : This game has seriously tons of quests worth doing. The story is rich and amazing. It really feels like an Elder Scrolls game though if you played Skyrim on ""easy"" this is not easy at all. Remember, this is an MMO. There are some bosses that you must either be well prepared or have some friends for backup. Also alot of people can be running the same quest you are doing and the quests bosses/items and stuff respawn like instantly which is a major pro since that means you dont have to wait to complete a quest.Also something i didnt like about the game is all this overpriced DLC (1500 crowns for 2 dungeons only?) that you can buy with crowns (which theres no way to earn them ingame) or by getting ESO+ or whatever its called, the subscription. Bear in mind this is NOT a subscription based MMO, you just dont have access to 2 or 3 dungeons and some gear if you dont have the DLC. As i am not max level yet i cannot say wether or not this gear is better than what you can get without them.Also this crown system is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Id really want a real MMO where skill and actually playing the game and farming stuff can make your character stronger etc but nope, there are so many idiots who like to throw their wallets at the screen. Thanks to all of you we will never get an MMO with no microtransactions at all. Im fine with cosmetics but pay to change race/name/faction and all this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is annoying as hell. I mean cmon devs just add a pay to get a max level op geared character already.TLDRRecommend if you like MMOs and questing and quests that actually have a story. Not sure how crowns and DLCs affect gameplay at endgame when i hit level cap ill update this."
,Recommended,306130,15174356,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Jeromiah,"I played during the last beta test before launch and this game was completely unplayable. A year later... this game has improved so much its unreal. Its like playing a completely different game honestly.  Its not like a single player Tes game. Its unique and probably one of my favorite MMO's. For 60 dollars you will enjoy this game. Hell buy the imperial edition if you want.  Whatever tickles your fancy.  8/10 in my opinion because nothing is perfect. It has its draw backs.  Like other people, like that guy that just runs through everything while you are trying to be sneaky. Or that guy that comes along and waits until you fail to open the chest you are trying to pick. And then ♥♥♥♥ing steals it. ♥♥♥♥ that guy. ♥♥♥♥ him hard. No lube. Real gentlemanly. This is my honest opinion. Good day."
,Recommended,306130,20040393,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ahrolkah,just got out of character creation
76561198171942713,Recommended,306130,15185867,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,GothamKing,good game havent played to many hours of it but i use to play skyrim all the time and this is skyrim with bonus of other players! you can build you guy the way you want follow what ever quest line you want  and its not p2w for all those cheap and crybabys that complain about people that p2w or i say S2B (STUPID TO BUY)
,Recommended,306130,15126223,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Kodiak,"For those who only read the first little bit of a review, I'll make this quick. I don't play a lot of ORPGs, I have too many games to play to play one for longer than a week or two. Also, I hate the auto-attack combat and the boring, genocidal quest lines (Kill 5 rats, kill 10 boars, etc) that most ORPGs use. ESO, however, has improved a lot over the past year, has a better feeling combat system and quests that are more interesting than kill # (insert animal here).I played ESO in the beta and despite some flaws, I liked it. I'm not a fan of subscriptions so I never played it past the beta or went back. When I heard it went with a one time purchase model, I decided to give it another whirl. Here's some quick pros (+) and cons (-):+I enjoy the combat. It's more involved than auto-attacking and just feels better. However, being an online game it's not 100% skill based and it's basically auto-aim turned up.+The quests are story based. No more killing 10 wolves in that field and then killing 15 dire wolves in another field right afterwards. You start off thwarting assassinations, finding lost colleagues in ruins or helping a family with a drug problem. You're given choices to help or kill and while sure, these are one time decisions with no real impact and some mission objectives get samey, it's still far better (in my opinion, anyways) than genocidal 'kill X amount of X' quests.+I like how the skills work, separating your class from your weapon so you can use whatever weapon you want with whatever class you want. I like how the skills level up from use and you're given the option to alter it by choosing one of two paths.-I find it odd how combat skills will get xp for just being in your bar and not from using them. Also, more 'morph' choices would be nice to better differentiate characters.-Game likes to boot me to the login screen randomly. Doesn't happen frequently enough to frustrate me but it can get annoying while playing with friends.+The game looks good. Even on medium the graphics are pretty good.+It maintains the TES feel of being able to go in any one direction and coming across quests or cool locations at random.+The world itself looks good. Ruins, villages, swamps, forests all look good and are worth exploring.+The crafting system, after a quick primer it's easy to start making your own equipment.  Plus the equipment you make can be as good as what you find, at least to a certain point, since I'm not at the endgame I can't say for sure at that point.-You seem to be given almost too much freedom with building your character. Current you can get 300+ skill points which is more than enough to get every skill you want, including crafting skills meaning potentially, one character could craft, upgrade and enchant their own weapons and armour while still being able to produce their own potions and food.+/- The new justice system is a mixed bag, allowing you to steal or kill but be caught as in other TES games. It's the beginning of what could be an interesting system depending on how far they take it.Overall I enjoy the game, I think it's managed to separate itself from other MMORPGs and not be considered a 'theme park' ORPG."
76561198028150578,Recommended,306130,15056047,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Kainos,"I highly recommend getting ESO if you like any of the Elder Scrolls games over the years...Now these are my personal Pros & Cons listed that reflect my overall experince so far in ESO.+ Good Story and Voice Acting+ Nice Character Creation and Graphics+ Fast Action Combat that caters to all play styles+ Fun Crafting System+ Crown (Cash) Store currently has no P2W items and hopefully stays this way...+ Smooth controls that allow complete Keybind customization+ Supports Addons+ Huge world to explore and full of Elder Scrolls Lore+ Epic Music that is expected to be in a ES game+ Controller Support- No major cons, though Limited Time items from Crown Store should be resold more often instead of waiting until next year, not an issue if you play all the time lol."
76561198115554650,Recommended,306130,15136145,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,DrHøbart,"When the game was released in 2014 april I didn't get it since the membership and the game was way to buggy and I generally didn't like what I was seeing, but now since I found out there was an update which fixed the bugs and no membership i bought the 60 dollar one payment game and started playing, I didn't expect much I just wanted to know the story but I've been playing with a few of my mates and its amazing, I live away from North America and I can connect well to the servers perfectly, the customization is brilliant so is the combat system, the game itself looks stunning while the characters has a good variety, lock picking system is a little downfall as it is quite tricky (For me atleast) but not really a big downside, I enjoy playing this game and I think you all should have a go if you are a strong Elder Scrolls Fan like I am"
76561198020881431,Recommended,306130,15040316,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Wakko,"TLDR; Much, MUCH better then at release. Give it a chance if you like MMORPG/RPG or the Elder scrolls!-----------------I played the beta and found it to be decent at best, it was definately not worth a subscription fee. Now however, with the subscription fee gone, it is worth it. If you're into elder scrolls or RPG/MMORPG's, then you should give this a shot! Especially now with the subscription gone.The PvE questlines are really good, everything is voice acted. The main quest is good and immersive and the sidequests have a nice amount of lore and immersion put into them.With the recently added crime system, playing as a sneaky thief is really fun. Stealing stuff, breaking into houses to steal their riches and even leveling within the thieves is much fun to be had. I really hope its just the top of the iceberg of whats to come!The PvP is the most fun I've had in a while. I'm a huge PvP player, and while there is room for improvements and polish, the large scale PvP is still one of the best experiences so far. Setting up siege weapons on the walls, breaking down the gate or the enemy walls and capture their precious keeps! One of the best part is that you can level up by doing PvP, get gear and gold!The character customization is awesome. You can basically become whatever character you want. Start as a mage and wear heavy armor, fight with a two handed axe to become a Battlemage for example. Any class can use and specialize in any armor/weapon, no matter which class you chose.The Crown store which was added due to the removal of subscription fee, has *so far* not showed signs of becoming Pay 2 Win. Its mostly costumes and mount skins and stuff like that. I personally really hope for more cosmetic effects, especially for skills/spells!There is probably more I'm forgetting right now, and while there is still room for improvements, as always, it is a much better game than it was at release. If you're in the ""should I try it?"" stage, then I would definately recommend it. Its in a much better stage than it was at release."
76561198149679363,Recommended,306130,15126925,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,dlgtcu,"Picked up ESO as a lontime wow player. Also tried many other MMO's along the way Wildstar, GW2 etc. I have to say this has captured me so far like none of the others. I am anxious to try the end game, especially pvp, but I do feel for those who started from day 1. I hear about all of the problems at launch and I just don't see them now :). I would definitely recommend anyone who likes MMO's even if you are not a big elder scrolls fan to try this one out."
,Recommended,306130,15129903,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,CokoNut,"I LIKE :DYou reach level 10....You go to PvP zone.You do your awesome super power attack on a lvl40 enemy.His healthbar reduces 0.5% and he thinks; hey a musquito.... and ""SLAP"" you are dead :-)+ Very nice big battles in this game (pvp zone)+ Nice open world, good graphics for a MMO.+ Lots of stuff to do.- If you want a horse fast you need 'crown' credits which are rediculous expensive though!- I want potions! Oh I need to walk around for hours in search of VERY rare flowers and mushrooms."
76561198150299257,Recommended,306130,15132810,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Izuru Kamukura,fun rpg good gameplay a bit laggy at times and  a few bugs here and there but if you loved skyrim you will love this
76561198068623945,Recommended,306130,15139802,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Nativeurl,"I played this game in beta and to say the least I thought it was going to be the first blemish in my favorite game series.That plus when the announced that there was going to be a monthly fee I thought that I would pass this game and just hope that the next game is better.When they dropped the subscription fee and released Tamriel Unlimited I decided I would take the jump and buy the game.I was not disappointed.While the game is not perfect I wouldn’t expect to be, not one of the Elder Scrolls games were published perfect.The biggest surprise to me was the fixing of the combated system. One of the biggest disappointments in the beta.Also to my liking was the tutorial was shortened so it didn’t take as much time. (In the beta the tutorial was alike like Skyrim where it last way too long.)Overall I thought the publish version if thousands of time better than the beta and in my opinion have the right to be called an Elder Scroll Game."
76561198064646458,Recommended,306130,15146165,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,a P1atypus,"With the switch to B2P, there is no reason to not buy this game if you are an MMO fan.I've played countless MMOs, literally, I have lost count. Tons of them out there.This may be the best MMO I've ever played, and I don't say that lightly.And for the last time, this is not Skyrim Online you faking nooblets.9/10(Needs dueling and an auction house)"
76561198055538827,Recommended,306130,15055045,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Graeloth,"Well. I bought this game on Thursday and already have 43 hours into it. I must say I don't see where the hate is coming from. Most people cry about how bad this game is but most probably haven't played it since all the launch/early issues. Most negative reviews i've seen lately are people crying because they arent smart enough to figure out how to link the CD key with their account, scrubs.Easily a great MMO if you don't look at it as an MMO Skyrim because that is not what they intended for it.Gameplay is fun, Community is friendly/hilarious, Story from what i've noticed is decent, Combat is smooth and enjoyable. The amount of directions you can go with skills is great, multiple ways to build your characters. Want to be a mage running around with a 2h sword in heavy armor? Feel free to do so.Easily one of the best MMOs ive played, and without a subscription fee, there really isn't a reason not to try it out."
,Recommended,306130,15287301,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,twitch.tv/reaperfire,"Great game. it looks beautiful, it looks like its from oblivion and the npc chat is great. Stealing and killing is quite fun if you want to be an outlaw. Really needs a player housing system like WoW but it took WoW 10 years to do that. 10/10 better than guild wars"
,Recommended,306130,18066943,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Hawkstein,"This game is a 1st/3rd person MMORPG, where you can switch between 1st and 3rd person perspectives. Unlike TESV:Skyrim (that uses left and right click for attacking, casting or blocking), TESO uses the left click to attack and right click to block, paired with Skills (which can be used by pressing the Skill keys 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and R, where R is the Ultimate) and Q quickslot to instantly use potions or food. Still the commands are pretty much different from most MMORPGs, as you don't have auto-attack. What makes this game much different from TES main games are the Classes and the Skill Tree, each Class has 3 different Subclasses in form of skill trees (e.g. the Nightblade class has Assassination, Shadow and Sinphoning subclasses). The Skill Tree has a huge array of sections: a skill tree for each subclass, each weapon, each armor, each crafting type, and the list goes on. Yet you can use your skill points on any unlocked skill from any skill tree section. For an MMORPG, this game is unique, setting itself appart from other MMORPG games.TESO has a huge world map to explore, still some regions in Tamriel haven't been released yet (e.g. the other half of Skyrim area, which goes from Whiterun to the Reach), althought there exist some closed gates prepared for upcoming regions. Speaking of regions, they have a smaller scale when compared to the TES main games (you may notice it when you visit Cyrodiil or The Rift), but that's quite simple to understand why, since Bethesda doesn't want to take away all the fun when they release TESVI in the future. Like TES main games you have the 9 races (10 if you buy the Imperial edition), however there are 3 factions and each one is composed by 3 races, this is crutial since the region where you start depends on which faction you take, which depends on what race you choose (unless you buy the Imperial edition, where you can be on any faction with any race). The NPCs have awesome voice dialogues, despite missing the option to have subtitles like the two previous TES games.The graphics sound quite good, but the camera and the way it graphically looks is slightly less dynamic than TESV:Skyrim, but is more dynamic than TESIV:Oblivion (I would say a hybrid between both). The only thing that mocks every player in TESO is the loading screen followed by the graphics rendering. Some loading screens tend to take some time and after the loading screen ends the area starts rendering, then it continues rendering more stuff as far as you keep going (if you are feeling laggy when running then stop and let the area around you to render, otherwise you'll face another loading screen). The objects/models/textures will start as unpolished graphics and they will take few seconds to render to its finest, some objects will take time, some others will render instantly after loading. Note that TESO will automatically adjust its visual settings according to your computer specs once you run it for the first time on your computer.You have the Crown Store where you can spend Crowns that you've charged on your account. There is no Pay2Win, since all items that you can purchase on the Crown Store are: experience boosters, skilltree/stat resets and vanity/aesthetical items (costumes, pets and mounts). The DLCs can be purchased on the Crown store too, aswell as the Imperial expansion (for those who didn't buy the Imperial edition). Otherwise you can opt to pay a monthly subscription (called ""ESO Plus"") to earn more experience than usual, earn 1500 Crowns per monthly subcription and gain access to every available DLC.In all, I would give it a8/10."
,Recommended,306130,19897777,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,❥VinCi,"I always wanted to buy TESonline but some friends kept telling me it SUX dont buy it totaly not worth it bla bla bla bla .. WELL i bought the game yesterday downloaded it started playing and the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AWESOME ! i love itits NOT skyrim its something smiliar ,A world with so many players with alot of experianceam pretty sure people who voted down thought its exactly like skyrim thats why they didnt recomend the game . well its not but its great game . different races and classes , character creation is simple just so you dont spend billion hours in it . which is cool .Graphic is pretty good also depens on what kind of PC are u using .. please dont judge the game if u r using a HP 2000 laptop lol . that goes for all who have crappy pcs which am SORRY to hear that btw . Starting in a jail a beautiful woman saves you not gonna spoil buy it and play the dmn game * evil laff *10\10  gonna play this game too much !"
76561198000793811,Recommended,306130,19804082,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,BizarreWillow,"Logged inMaking character for 1hFinally get into the worldDone introRealise I can pickpocket, kill NPC and steal itemsWas stealing everything and killing NPCGot 500 gold bountyAnd killed by two guardsThen team up with friend who also have gameTogether pickpocket and steal everythingMade on stealing 10k gold and bought a horse10/10 would steal everything againAbsolutely recommend this game, I'm played only 20h, but so far it's very good and fun"
,Recommended,306130,26708140,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Spliceddaddy,"If Skyrim was your garden, this would be a national park."
,Recommended,306130,18581438,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Swordfish,"It was the long-awaited game, and she did not disappoint my expectations ..."
,Recommended,306130,22299718,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Peeratat,"This game will never be as good as a single player experience game like Skyrim.But for what it is, Its the best ive seen. only thing that can stand up to this is Guild Wars 2but this is in a universe we all love. So id chose this over any other MMO anyday"
,Recommended,306130,19591514,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,kurmudgeon,"ESO is one of the few MMOs where I've actually sat through dialogue and consciously followed quests for the storyline - it is one of the better MMOs that give you, although slightly shallow, depth in terms of moral choices you character makes.  You end up in somewhat comical situations - like replacing a young noble's servant's soul with that of a ghost you run into while trying to rescue artifacts for her. You have several situations where you have to choose who lives and who dies - or if you give someone their sanity or walk away with a tome of knowledge...Beyond that you have a fairly larger MMO world with plenty to do and plenty to explore. Skyshards help you build out your character and you dig search for them everywhere. You can help the Mage's guild by exploring and finding books and lore. You can build experience by stealing and pick-pocketing. If you're a serious MMO player, ESOTU is well worth the investment due to the sheer volume of content available to you. And even if you're a one-toon kind of person, you will still have the opportunity to touch *all* of the main-line PVE content.In PVP and the new Orsinium DLC, your level scales so you can join your guildmates who may be at a higher level.Some considerations to keep in mind::: Inventory management is a game of its own - pack-rats looters have been warned:: Join an active trading guild - with no conventional auction-house, you still need to move your goods lest your bank and bags are always at 100%:: The game is, for the most part, fairly easy. However you *will* run into at least one, possibly two, quests where it can be Dark-Souls-smash-controller-rage-quit difficult - it will be a wtf?!?! moment given that it isn't even the final boss when you run into it.:: If you like to explore, the interface is pretty bare-bones. If you like to be a completionist, be sure to get addons to give you a heads-up if you've missed stuff. In fact, get addons regardless because they make the game that much more enjoyable:: If you find that you tend to spend money on DLC and/or experience/inventory boosters, consider the subscription service. DLC comes with the subscription and you get Crowns to spend in the Crown store monthly (or at the beginning of the pay period you choose to subscribe to):: Imperial edition isn't neccessary. It gives you a couple of perks - a horse and the imperial race which can join any faction at creation."
,Recommended,306130,19699887,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,K4Rt1k,Game is amazing no 2 ways about it..nothing to hate on it really..levelling is great quests are awesome..loads of content and the DLCs are well done too..I think the launch issues were the main reason this game had bad reviews..it has improved greatly now and developed into one of the best MMORPGs out there! A must play now..believe me..thank me later!
76561198179091414,Recommended,306130,29936494,Posted: 14 February,all,Van Darkhome,"It's a good game. But it will be better if we can have more add-on support about improving the graphics. So that more TES players will join us. By the way,l'd like to play in Asia servicer and in Asia language(like Chinese)"
,Recommended,306130,15438270,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Woeler,"Been playing this game since Beta. Loved it from the start. I've even bought it twice just to have it on steam. This game is in my opinion simply epic. The visuals are stunning, the gameplay is great and the content is rich."
76561198062206091,Recommended,306130,15415673,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,JoNa,Enjoying this game with my girlfriend !
,Recommended,306130,26702695,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Alp,"First, don't look at my playtime in this game, I've played somewhat actively since the game was released but not had it on steam.The Elder Scrolls Online is not Skyrim 2.The gameplay is that of an MMO taking heavy influence from the classic Elder Scrolls. Once you get past that you got a good game that the developers have worked hard on since its release. Most of the problems from its release have been fixed by now and a lot of base gameplay mechanics has changed.I was never a big fan of MMO's and their very static gameplay, lack of movement in combat, cooldowns, being able to phase right through enemies. Classic things like that. ESO was the first MMO I've played that really wasn't like that. Using the classic Elder Scrolls resource system of being able to use your spells or attacks as fast as you can, only limited by the speed of the animation etc.That on top of a world full of fully voiced NPCs and varied quests makes for a good MMO in my opinion.The base game at its price is by far worth it if you like these type of games and the added ""DLC"" adding large expanses of land or even new gameplay mechanics that can change the way you play the game if you want it to.I've spent a decent amount of time in the PVP part of the game as well and my experience has varied a lot so take that as you want.The game does have cosmetic things available to buy and a few convenience items but nothing that will make you stronger than other players in any direct way. When I say this I mean things like consumables that raise the number of experience points you get for a limited amount of time or lets you access your bank from any location. But nothing that I would consider pay to win.All in all, it's a good game, it has its flaws but your money won't be wasted if you know what you are paying for."
76561198060388180,Recommended,306130,15464258,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Friar Tuck,"While I can only imagine I've barely touched the true surface of this games depth, I can only say, I love it.So, first off, it really isn't Skyrim 2. So, don't expect to play like you would on it. I'd also suggest finding friends who play, as teams, while not vital, will often prove more useful then anything else. Maybe, the tank and support. Or, close range, and distance, the usual run of the mill RPG sterotypes.The game looks and feels like you'd expect. Not all of Tamriel is explorable like we were lead to believe. But, this is still, a pretty sizable map. I'm not saying there's as much stuff as the Oblivion, or Skyrim map, but still, pretty sizable. Lots to see and do while still new to the game.I did a lot of, let's call it ""research"" before I bought it. I'd suggest the same. It'll take a fair amount of time to get anywhere (progession wise). And if you play like me, only a few hours at a time, I can only imagine this game will take me a while to fully enjoy.Do your homework before you buy. Always. I myself don't really trust game reviews, like IGN or Gameinformer, as everybody elses ideal mmorpg is vastly different. The quests, admittedly are a bit... average. Go here, kill these, report back. Go here, collect this, come back. Go there and report to that one dude. That's the quests. But, meh. Still enjoyable for a noob."
76561198043876895,Recommended,306130,15117137,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Billybobmcbo,Most of the negative comments are from before the b2p update. It is better now.
76561198133716253,Recommended,306130,17834790,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Secret Fire,"This is definitely not a multiplayer version of the past Elder Scrolls games. The play style is very different compared to them, and yet it does not feel like your average MMO either. There is something far more immersive about it, and although as with any MMO you definitely have to invest many hours to rise through the levels, it doesn't exactly feel grindy either. True, as of the writing of this review I have not quite invested thirty hours yet (and I'm impatient to get to level 15 so that I can use the weapon swap system), but so far I haven't had to go out and grind monsters for hours in order to get a special item or enough experience to level up. I have several quests in my journal, but many seem to be actually thought out and you feel as though you are participating in an actual story instead of killing x goblins and y bandits in order to ""thin the ranks"" of creatures that are just going to respawn.All in all, I think I actually enjoy this game more that I do Oblivion, and I would recommend it to any fan of the Elder Scrolls, as long as they go in knowing that they are not playing ""Skyrim with Friends.""UPDATE:After a couple hundred hours, I can still call this game good: The developers keep adding fresh content and have changed the entire system since I first started playing, and pretty much all of the changes have been good. If you like MMO's for good community then the dungeons are fun, or if you prefer playing solo the lack of levels makes the world feel *somewhat* like a single player RPG.All in all, I recommned even more strongly than I did before, and I know I'll probably be spending hundreds more hours in ESO."
76561198086176698,Recommended,306130,17841093,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,CookedSwifter,10/10 would sell my brother for this game again
,Recommended,306130,18065784,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Apples,Amazing game as long as you remember its not supposed to be Elder scrolls 6. Best played with others
76561198070890935,Recommended,306130,15728636,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,LGBTGAYMERS  Yung AntiFascist,"if you're a fan of mmorpg's then i highly recommend this game. it easily grabs you by the balls and sucks you into its world i have not played much of this game but from what i have played so far i can truly say it is money well spent, for me.first off none of the quests that i have done have been pointless fetch quests and even the ones that are they had meaning behind it. also i feel as if i am a part of the world when i am doing quests in the game watching a village transform due to my actions really gives a sense of self pride when playing.secondly, the mmorpg i played before this was guild wars and don't get me wrong guild wars 2 is also a damn fine game however i found it too restricting when it came to classes i was told too many times that i carn't wear this or carn't use that. where as in eso i have never encounterd anything similar so far.lastly the combat system in this game is astonishing. i am able to do light and heavy attacks like skyrim and have 5 skills with an ultimate to use. after level 15 i am also able to switch weapons which creates a second skill line i can go from a staff holding mage to warhammer warrior with just the click of a button.i was also skeptical when buying this game and i watched the reviews of angryjoe and boogie2988 but it must of changed a lot since then becuase i thought that this game was brilliant.sadly i cannot compare this to WOW as i have only ever played the demo on battle. net which just asked me to kill a couple of pigs and fetch some crab legs."
,Recommended,306130,16714469,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Farmere,Need a soul gem to get my life back.
76561198043521622,Recommended,306130,17983258,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Micro,"This is a great game. If you want a MMO you can sink some time into, Get this!"
76561198084931800,Recommended,306130,19456009,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Miku,"""Fantastic Game. Worth the money.""At first, I hate this game. When it first launched back in 2014, I hated this game simply because it kinda uses the oblivion engine. Combat is robotic, facial expressions are also not too realistic, and the overall graphics are oblivion-ish. For someone who came from an ultra modded Skyrim, this game sucks. However, after the major update that this game has offered, the overall experience turns around to a beautiful, lifelike gameplay. Facial expressions are fixed, gameplay fluidity is improved, combat is improved, and the graphics are easy to get used to and is quite forgiving, while I constantly remid myself that this is a MMORPG and graphics needs to be safrificed for better speed and connections. DLCs and loads of customizations further sweeten the experience, and while they dont come in for free, purchasing one is not obligatory and you still get tons of beautiful and breathtaking content that this game offers once you click the pay button.Give this game a try. U like MMORPG? And Elder Scrolls? Why not both?"
,Recommended,306130,19852403,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Selrate,"Its really good. Most negative reviews were published before the tamriel unlimited update, and the yhave since ironed out most bugs and gameplay problems to make this a very enjoyable game."
76561198058749159,Recommended,306130,19885156,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DBone,"I love the Elder Scrolls series gave this game a chance to see what potential this game has. I was not dissapointed, I know the Elder Scrolls games are supposed to be Single player, but this game is pretty awesome and fun to play."
,Recommended,306130,24711795,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Hat Skeleton!,"THE ELDER SCROLLS ONLINE: TAMRIEL UNLIMITEDAfter a troubled past, ESO got a chance to redeem its self. How well did it do?MASSIVELY MUDDLEDESO is an MMO, this needs to be said right away. Although it has Elder Scrolls in the title, do not expect an Elder Scrolls game. This is a fully-fledged MMO with an Elder Scrolls setting. You can expect all the story and lore that makes Elder Scrolls fascinating, but you most certainly cannot expect anything resembling Elder Scrolls combat, weapon levelling, armor levelling or character levelling. So many people went into this expecting Skyrim part two, and they were heavily dissapointed. Wether this is on the game's marketting behalf or their own ignorance is up for debate. Now that that is out of the way, let's talk about some more game-related matters. This isn't a conventional MMO by any means, and there are many things that make it unique. Abilities are not timed, and therefor, you have no cooldown on any of your hotbar moves. Instead, ESO incorporates a Magicka bar management, your abilities will consume Magicka, which regenerates when you aren't spamming moves. As expected, when your Magicka is too low, you'll need to get M1 spamming. Depending on how you like your MMOs, this is either a positive or negative, but I found it greatly enjoyable, allowing for faster paced combat and less of a focus on strafing. The game is primarily split into two paths, those being Stamina and Magicka. Stamina is for tanky individuals who want to be dishing out constant damage while remaining safe, and Magicka is for spell-based classes who want to dish out heals, buffs, summoning or sorcery.TAKING ON TAMRIELThe game begins, as expected, with character creation. Depending on which one of the 9 base-game races you pick, you'll be thrown into a different allegience. This will determine where you spawn in the world, and what quests you will start off is. But very soon, you'll realise why this game is called ""Tamriel Unlimited"". You can go where you want. Whenever you want. The base game is about 4 to 6 times the size of the Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, and it is all free to you. You can't explore all of Tamriel however, as large portions of it are either still in developement or locked behind DLCs. This is a little dissapointing at first, but you can get the main DLCs very cheap, and it never stunts your exploration. For an MMO, you'd expect this game to be based on raids only. This is not the case. You can expect enormous, sprawling cities all over the place. The world is extremely detailed for this type of video game. Most MMOs, and all Elder Scrolls games tend to have sub-par voice acting, but Elder Scrolls fixes this. You can expect some amazing voice acting by professionals like Michael Gambon and John Cleese. Aside from this, even the randomers you will meet have very nice voice acting, to the point where they feel like real people in a real world, despite being in an MMO, and also an Elder Scrolls title. Honestly, I enjoyed the world building greatly, to the point where it felt as though they had taken any other Elder Scrolls world and put an MMO in it. This is highly impressive stuff. The questing, for the most part, is good, and you can expect a departure mostly from generic fetch quests, and more of a focus on combat-involved quests and puzzles. If you're interested, the game also has an entire country which acts as one enormous PvP arena, which essentially acts as a war between the three factions, complete with castle sieges and no-nonsense duking it out. This can go very large scale, and it opens up to you once you reach level 10, which could actually take a while, as levelling is both rewarding and hard. Past level 5, you'll notice an enormous increase in XP cost for the next level. This makes every level gained that more satisfying.  If you can think of an MMO build, this game most certainly has one, which you can approach in whatever way you want, providing you have sufficient points to unlock perks, which are obtained by finding sky shards in the open world, or simply completing quests. The game is absolutely overflowing with Elder Scrolls lore, and you can expect to find loads of books on the matter, if it interests. All this is made only better by the game's looks. Graphics do not make a game, but this is definately one of the most pretty MMOs out there, writhing with detailed atmosphere and high graphical quality. The world is definately the strongest part of the game.IMPROVING THE PASTElder Scrolls Online wasn't always this open and dandy. However, the game has worked hard to please the customer for the most part. The Tamriel Unlimited update has to be one of the most impressive updates I've ever seen in video gaming. Before this update, you were limited to your faction's worldspace, leaving you stuck to a third of what you could be exploring. The game has also improved on the levelling system, as you can do any quest whenever you want, and enemies will always match your level, improving on what ESO used to be. One thing threatenning the future of this game is the DLC. It is a little bit daunting how many chunks of Tamriel are missing. While you have more than enough questing and exploring to do already, I feel as though we can expect alot more DLC in the future, locking these chunks behind more and more paywalls. I hope this isn't the case, as it would be a dis-service to the customers. Everyone wants to go back to Skyrim, the White-Gold Tower and Vvardenfell, two of the latter being already locked behind DLCs. You can already expect this with most MMOs to begin with, but I feel as though it is about to reach its limit, and too many more DLCs could scar the game. Let's hope not, for the future of our enjoyment, and the longetivity of the game.RATINGThe Elder Scrolls Online goes above and beyond with world and character building, especially for an MMO. The game has been through a rough past, but has genuinely improved on its actions, and will hopefully continue to do so. I mean it genuinely when I say this is currently my favorite MMO to play. It has the running risk of being ruined by DLC walls however. But based on how enjoyable it currently is, and how much there is to do and explore, Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited gets a8.7/10"
76561198065736746,Recommended,306130,25436506,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Xandermon,They need to make a regular edition upgrade that turns it to gold edition.
,Recommended,306130,23811310,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,HookMeDaddy,This game is the best mmo I have ever played in my 25 years of gaming. Devs are always keeping the game up to date and with each update the game gets better. I definitely recommend this game to all people. 10/10
,Recommended,306130,25128571,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Tre0n,"I've only got a level 8 character, so I'm quite early on. Still, I'm enjoying this game. It's the least MMO-ey MMO I've played, but it *is* an MMO. If you enjoyed something from Skyrim, it's probably in this game too. I don't think there are many people that liked Skyrim that won't enjoy this. This does play differently, but not necessarily worse.I had a few questions going into this game, so I'm going to answer them for anyone interested. More detailed explanations are below.Q. Can you sneak?A. Yes.Q. Can you steal stuff?A. Yes.Q. Can you pickpocket?A. Yes.Q. Can you break into people's houses?A. Yes.Q. Can I assassinate random civilians?A. Yes.Q. How's the combat?A. Pretty good. Melee combat is arguably better than in Skyrim -- it actually feels like you're *hitting* the enemies. Everything else is at least as-good or better-than Skyrim.Q. Can you summon weapons (""Bound Sword"", etc.)?A. Not that I know of.Q. Can you be a vampire or werewolf?A. I think so, but I believe it's a late-game thing.Q. Can I play co-op with my friends?A. If you all start a character at the same time, and only play on those characters together, then yes. Once anyone's completed a quest, they can't do it again. So you have to all go through the same quests at the same time if you don't want to get split up. Co-op doesn't change the game much. It won't get much more interesting, you'll just be going through it together.Q. Can you do co-op stealth?A. Sort of, but not really. If you're like me and what you want is Skyrim's stealth but co-op, with cool interesting strategies involving distracting people with arrows, silent-casting spell traps, etc. then I'm sorry to say this isn't it. (Stay hype for Tamriel Online, though). I think if you have 2-player co-op and both do stealth-archer, you could *pretend* you were playing co-op Skyrim for a little while. But at some point you'll just have to accept that the game considers stealth and combat to be completely separate things. That doesn't mean it's not fun, but it's unfortunately not Splinter Cell: Tamriel Unlimited™.Q. How does sneaking work?A. Basically like in Skyrim, but sloppier. It's hard to explain. Since it's an MMO, everything's a little bigger, and a little laggier. So it's harder to feel like you're being ""precise"" when you sneak around. You'll also have to accept the fact that while you're sneaking around a town or dungeon, other players will be running around doing things nearby. Mechanically, you can still pull the ""sneak around the pillar"" trick and other classics, but in general sneaking is only useful outside of combat, for stealing and stuff. For combat, you'll usually land a sneak attack, then be perma-detected, and forced to run in swords-blazing.Q. How does stealing work?A. Stealing from containers works as expected -- random loot is in the container. Stealing from the world is different. You won't find a ""Glass Dagger of Flames"" sitting on the ground, you'll find a ""Dagger"". When you take it, you'll get a random dagger drop which is marked as stolen.Q. How does picking pockets work?A. Rather than poking through someone's inventory, you have a % chance to get a random item from the person. Different sorts of people have different sorts of items (e.g., guards, farmers, noblemen, etc.).Q. Is being a dirty thief boring, or a waste of time?A. No, not really. It's harder and less engaging than in Skyrim, and the world generally has less stuff to steal, but it's not unrewarding. Stealing stuff regularly can net you quite a bit of money, at least early on.Q. How does murdering civilians work?A. People respawn. You'll sometimes see people standing over their own dead body, which is one of the more surreal things in the game.Q. How does crime get punished?A.You have a bounty, and ""heat"". Heat wears off quickly, and bounty wears off slowly. These are in the same bar, and bounty acts like ""minimum heat"". There are two markers in the bar. If your heat+bounty is past the first marker, guards will give you the ""STOP RIGHT THERE, CRIMINAL SCUM"" spiel when they see you. You can pay your bounty and surrender your stolen items on the spot to reset to 0, or run away. Running away is a crime and adds bounty.If you go past the second marker, guards will attack you on sight. I've never been killed by a guard, but I've been caught a lot. In general you'll get caught a lot more than in Skyrim. To reset your bounty without forfeiting your stolen items, you can pay your bounty to a fence, or wait somewhere until it wears off. Bounty wears off while logged out, so you can go on massive crime sprees before you logout for the day, if you like.---Hopefully that answered some of your questions. If I remember any more, I'll update this.I do recommend this game, though. It's often on sale for $20, so get it at that if you're interested."
,Recommended,306130,23873134,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Minato Namikaze,"So... My friends told me to get this game,I thought i would try it...Level 5 got told i could kill civilians...Went on a murderous rampage...Now owe over 1000 bounty...10/10 best murder spree of my life"
,Recommended,306130,25195103,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,twitch.tv/premonitor,Has the best quests in all of the MMOs out there. Only game where they don't feel repetitive.
,Recommended,306130,25298558,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,nlolley,"This game is not bad! people go in expecting Skyrim, dont't do that. imagine playing oblivion with friends, that is what this is.I like it."
,Not Recommended,306130,26209058,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Moon Beef,"Gameplay was like any other mmo really. Better maneuvering and unique combat, but it was the same. I got screwed over somehow, and I can't connect my steam product number to ESO website. And now I'm in a limbo where steam send me to ESO and ESO sends me to steam, so you know. 30 bucks gone."
,Recommended,306130,15161711,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Soup192,11/10 would make my waifu again
,Recommended,306130,16633660,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Bonnnetwork,"Highly Recommend!I'n my personal opinion this is the best fantasy MMO RPG game I have ever experienced. The whole game is an adventure for yourself and your friends. Massive potential and endless capabilities are in store, you don't even have to feel lazy about leveling your character. Yes their is something called a crown store for you to buy your game perks, helpful in some ways but dont let it ruin your game experience. The whole environment is worth exploring, best yet almost everyone is doing their purpose and is glad to help another player, as well for a challenge their is Pvp battles and quests. The only true way to  truly experience this endless journy and heartracing adventure is think positive on how your going to play. It all involves in how YOU want to play, be who you want to be whether an archer of one of the fighting armies, Swordsman of an outlawed clan, a Sorcerer/Necromancer become a deadric prince/princess with destructive power by your choice. Vampires and werewolfs are back to transform you, you can even form your own guild/party/squad/companions! Or as you choose to play solo against the whole world.I hope this review helped any of you thinking on purchasing!Just to share what I am doing1st character :Kyle Skylark ""Male""NordSwordsman/BowmanA Nightblade NightingaleSpecialty in blacksmithingNot-marriedDungeon Dweller2nd Character :Asuna Kirigya ""Female""ImperialSwordman Special in AkiviriTemplarNot-marriedFrontline Soldier({Goal to find the dragon in skyrim})"
,Recommended,306130,26667903,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,(ACE) Kern47,"Great Combat, Very Lore Friendly, RPG greatness, and all around great game!"
76561198079623501,Recommended,306130,26713352,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Krieger,The reason this game has recent mixed reviews is because a bunch of WoW ♥♥♥♥s tried it. 10/10 ign
,Recommended,306130,23416610,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,John,To review.
,Recommended,306130,15091745,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Habitat,"I started playing when they took away the subscription fee, and gosh dang we need to change these reviews to positive!"
,Recommended,306130,15159112,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,GermanFryingPan,God this game is so addicting! Best game that i've played in a while for sure. 10/10
76561198088201434,Recommended,306130,15083487,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,SCULLY,"I can honestly say that I would play this game for a day straight. And that's saying something, because I have a pretty low attention span. The graphics are ok, but what can you expect from an MMO. The gameplay is simple and elegant and the story and world is huge and breathtaking. This isn't Skyrim online, but is definitely an Elder Scrolls Game."
76561198019533004,Recommended,306130,15125357,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,TinkmaC,I havent enjoyed an MMO as much as this since early WoW.
76561198082332467,Recommended,306130,15053050,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,ajg202120,Way better than the mixed rating steam users have given. Almost 30 hours in. Just got it Thursday. I think? Played it all weekend. Quests have substance and story. It feels like an Elder Scrolls game. I haven't bothered talking to a single other player yet. Still plenty of fun if you play it like a single player RPG. Recomended 10/10.
,Recommended,306130,15156467,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,KorpeN ☑ rekt ☐ not rekt,Best MMO out there at the moment. I don't understand all the hate about this title. It's an MMO with elder scrolls lore. It has nice PvE and great PvP.
76561198196115701,Recommended,306130,23302068,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,jsenapatiratne,One of my favorite games for all the adventure and exploring you do also the company is fun is a great idea to work with classes and skills I find this game fun and addicting and you should to.
76561198106161371,Recommended,306130,15472214,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Llamanite,To start off this is a great game. Skyrim was my favorite game and even that had cons I played it for hundreds of hours on the Xbox bought it for the PC and played it for another hundred. Being 17 hours into ESO I can truely say this is better. Being an mmo the cities and wilderness are no longer empty. The combat is more fluid and interesting. The map exponentially larger. And every where you go you are always swamped with quests so you are never bored. Overall I love this game and anyone who loved Skyrim or medieval games this is for you.
,Recommended,306130,15470655,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Joey,"The game has immensely improved after its launch. It is worth the buy especially now that you do not need the subscription fee. The game isn't pay to win in any manner if you are subscribed, and its great. Don't expect it to be Skyrim 2.0 Online because it is an MMORPG before it is a single RPG. If you are looking for it at a single-player value, its quite good, but not as good as the other ES games. PVP is very cool, although it can get dull at times when It just feels too repetitive."
,Recommended,306130,19291237,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Yang,"I've only played for a little while.I was so skeptical over if I'd like it or not. I actually battled myself with a banana for two hours trying to figure out if I should get it or not.I decided to get it. Not only because the banana won, but because I love the Elder Scrolls series. From Arena to Skyrim.Even though this game may look un-eldery scrollsy on the outside, when you actually play it, it feels like you're back into it. Right where you started. Buy it now while it's on sale!"
76561198192886413,Recommended,306130,15876962,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Fat_Man94,best elder scrolls ever love the new game play and it runs like a dream would recommend this to any player new or experienced :) happy smiles all round
76561198092658422,Recommended,306130,15472077,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,-RB- skhosh,If you like Skyrim I highly recomend this game. I played skyrim on xbox and once I beat it I wanted additional content. This game is very satisfying and worth its asking price.
76561198016787773,Recommended,306130,18863921,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,=U^S=_Daniel,"I tried this game in the beta and didn´t like it that much, moastly because the character in 3d person was too small for my taste.Trying it now it feels like a totally different game, 1st person is awsome and 3d person character is much bigger, It reminds me alot of Skyrim.The best with this game is that it has no monthly fees and still gets updatedI really recommend this game"
,Recommended,306130,17278990,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,King Vargr,"Although ESO is apparently not Cannon, it appears that they have more of an empowering story than the majority of storylines Elderscrolls have given us over the years. As much as we'd like to say how fun Skyrim was.... yeah, and this just seems to do it better. I've played as an Argonian dragon knight, and an Imperial mage, and ESO has been very fun to play.I've tried out the guild system, where you get a guild bank, guild trader, and your guild can take castles in the alliance war, upon where you become King, and if you're very good, you can become emperor.The sieging system is so fun, you can use catapults, trebuchets, ballista, burning oil, and a few other weapons to attack your enemies, and destroy their castles in the process. It is a brilliant side to PVP where you get that 'Feel good' moment when you ride with 24 of your friends/allies through the battlefield.As for the game, I haven't reached a veteran level, but at times it can be a little grindy, but overall a fun game, you can share your quests with your party members, so they don't miss out and everyone is caught up. Also - If you're in the same room as your teammate, when they pick up items for a quest, you do as well. Which is very nice when it comes to how long it takes to complete a quest.I would definitely, without a doubt, recommend this game. As for the lore side, people have given some bad reviews on the link to ES, but... with a game that by level 10, i've come across 90+ books, it can't be that bad, can it?"
76561198101738314,Recommended,306130,15440370,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Nips,"This game is incredibally fun, you should probably wait until it's on sale though because i think £50 is a bit over priced, maybe £30 is alright? But yeh, this game is realllly fun."
,Recommended,306130,15442179,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,NewbieOKS,"great game for elder scroll fans.... especially with no more monthly subscription fee...just get it a try; you will be died curious if you don't even bother to try itUpdate 24 October 2016After Update 12 One Tamriel launch on PC/Mac, this game become better and meet its players expectations.Below is an article from Polygon regarding TESO long journey to become like we know now with Update 12 One Tamrielwww.polygon.com/features/2016/10/14/13285014/elder-scrolls-online-one-tamriel-skyrim-mmoWhether you play on PC/Mac or consoles (PS 4/Xbox One), this is a decent MMORPG game for you and your friends and family...I am happy with the exploration and the lore in this game. Whenever I get to a new area I typically explore as much as possible before I even start any quests (main or side). I enjoy the crafting as well. Finding the little hidden things that most people will most likely overlook. I'm sure I will be sticking around for a long time.And many more that I cannot mentioned one by one... Everyone can find something to enjoy in this game. I've found plenty of things, and I sure as hell that my opinion will not be influeced by the negativism that I or maybe anyone who saw on the forums or hear from other players. It's those small groups of frustrated brats that don't have a persistent internet connection or doesn't have a decent rig to play TESO which are the most vocal ones.Cheers. Happy playing TESO. See you around in Tamriel..."
,Recommended,306130,15047768,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Dango,"The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited is a fantastic game with a lot of content, a good community (from what I've experience), and good customization. It is definately a lot more improved that when initally reviewed, and thus I believe it does not deserve the hate it receives.Firstly, I have played the game since beta. While I did not play a huge chunk of the game, I played enough to be able to say it was somewhat lacking, and while fun, it did bore me out fairly quickly. When the game launched, I didn't not get the game, and had only heard bad things about the game. It was only after a few months later did I eventually decide to dive back into the world of Tamriel, after hundreds of hours of playing Skyrim. The game had improved drastically since beta, and I truely recommend anyone who has not played the game to give it a try, especially now that the game has gotten rid of the Monthly Subscriptions.On that topic, no the game is not ""pay-to-win"" due to the reduction of the monthly subscritpions. As of now, the only things you can buy are Mounts, Pets and cosmetics with no plans to add a pay-to-win element into the Crown Store.The biggest thing you must remember when looking at this game is that it is NOT Skyrim Online. The faster you get that notion out of your head, the better the game becomes. And while it is not Skyrim Online, it is still a really fun game, and probably the closest you'd get to such a game. The game is heavily quest based in the leveling process, but they're relatively fun quests and everyone is fully voiced.The customization in this game is really enjoyable with the way you are able to pick any weapon, take various skills, pick morphs, wear any armour, it's extremely fun to experiement with different armour sets and weapons, trying to find that perfect build for your playstyle (though looking online for builds isn't a bad thing, either). I have had a ton of fun over multiple characters with different classes just waiting to get new skill points in order to try new things.While this may not apply to everyone, I have found the community to generally be really good. There are probably going to be trolls, or generally dislikable people along the way, but for the most part I have found the chats to be nice, and the guilds to be pleasant. Speaking about the chats, they are not filled with spam on buying gold online that I find in a lot of other MMO's, and they're actually filled with people actively talking (for however long that may last).All in all, I believe this game is well worth the price and is definately a fun experience. It is different to other MMO's and I enjoy both playing in first person and third person, though I had to change the FOV to 130 in first person (and even then I would have prefered a bit more). I'd recommend this to anyone looking for some entertainment, and definately to someone who was put off from getting it due to the negativity that it once had."
76561198131669497,Recommended,306130,16730278,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,RollingxPlazma,Great mix of an MMO and an Elder Scrolls game
,Recommended,306130,17278612,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Shnerbalerb,"Totally worth the $60. The game play is balanced, veryone I've met playing have been very nice to me, and the AI for the enemies are perfect! it's like they took all the Elder Scrolls games then fixed all the glitches, altered the textures to be the same. Finally, it's the best MMORPG I've found, ever."
,Recommended,306130,16732622,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Crackf0x,"Extremely fun game. Have not encountered any standard ""fetch quest"" so far. Every single interaction and mission is unique and interesting. The world is big and it looks pretty great. The production itself is very good (not brilliant, but still very good) It looks better than Skyrim. Great voice acting and writing and although it is not exactly a ""normal"" Elder Scrolls game, it doesnt feel like a regular MMO at all. People dont have their nametags hanging over their heads, you have to focus on them to see if they are even real players, which is a nice touch, it is more immersive this way IMO. So if you are looking for an MMO that is different (in a good way IMO) check this out. I appreciate artists not going down the ""tried and trusted"" methods nearly all  MMO games seem to follow these days and take risks with new ideas.Note that this is not as ""in depth"" as Skyrim but it makes up for that with its online elements. I think a lot of the hate is from the previous release (that I never played to be fair), because seriously, this game is really great.  It still has crafting and enchanting and all that, its just a bit of a different game. As long as you are not expecting a focused single player RPG, I dont think you will be disappointed. But don't expect a standard MMO either! They really have done something different (and good) here.  Seeing as this no longer has a monthly subscription, that easily makes it one of the best non-subscription MMOs out there, certainly the best one I have played so far.Could have been a bit prettier, and dear god is the download massive. Im not taking points off for that but jeez. It took me a whole day to download. I guess we can't really do anything about games getting larger in size. So it is written. Online can be a bit buggy as well with players blinking in and out of existence instead of moving in a smooth motion. But they are minor gripes really.For an MMO, 8.5/10. Definitely worth the money."
76561198120982723,Recommended,306130,15816787,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Ninjake846,"I don't usually play online games, but I decided to get this because I love the elder scrolls series. There are many people who don't like this game because it's not what they were expecting. Of course it's not going to be just Skyrim with multiplayer, it's much more than that. It has a brilliant soundtrack and realistic graphics, but it's the little things that I like the most. For example, the small quests are actually really interesting, just like Skyrim. I was looking around Daggerfall one time and I saw this cool looking Cathedral, so I went inside it. A priest was giving a speech about the gods, and when I tried to speak to people they told me to be quiet as they were trying to listen. Even the stained glass windows told a story about the Gods. For some reason I love the detail in games because it shows that the people who made it were really trying to make it seem realistic. The only faults I have with the game are the price and the download time. Apart from that it's actually a great game. Not as good as skyrim, but the best multiplayer game I've played so far."
76561198055342387,Recommended,306130,15879163,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Trixmade,"What you need to realise up front with this game is that it is not Skyrim. It is not single player, it is an mmo. With that in mind I still found myself coming home to Tamriel. Though I haven't played through all the regions yet, the fact that I CAN go to all these places is exciting.You'll find yourself getting wrapped up in the story, even if it's only yet another random person you stumble across on the road, who needs your help.The only annoying part to this game was the fact that mounts are so expensive. You could save your coin from the very beginning, work your way through the entire start region, all the quest, and probably still not have enough gold to buy a mount. So this was my solution. I bought the normal version of the game. Then I bought 20 bucks worth of crowns for the store in game. With them I bought the upgrade to play the imperial race (You still get everything you'd get if you cought the game with the imperial race). And I had enough crowns left to get something else from the store. Not sure if this is the most cost efficient way but it worked for me."
76561198126480586,Recommended,306130,25012441,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ranger,This game is simply addicting. This game is no Skyrim but I believe Tamriel Unlimited is much better.
,Recommended,306130,30903495,Posted: 2 April,all,Jirou,Improved from before.
,Recommended,306130,14974084,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,snowbowls,Amazing game for even a casual Elder Scrolls lover. Don't let the negative reviews discourage you if they are before the recent Tamriel Unlimited update which change a good portion of the game for the better. The game runs smoothly and I feel the customization will only get better as I get farther into the game.
,Recommended,306130,14993117,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Obi-Juan-Kenobi,"Super good game, but would like the imperial race not to cost 20 bucks"
76561198072820366,Recommended,306130,17439414,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Djznuts,"I'm probably not qualified enough to write a thorough review as I only have 50 or so hours invested into this game, but I wanted to talk about some expectations it delivers and doen't deliver as a controversial game as a warning to potential buyers.First off, for what it's worth, I found this game extremely enjoyable. Admittedly I've only played a few mmorpgs, but this game was the most entertaining mmorpg I have ever played, allow me to elaborate.The storyline is very well polished, and avoids traditional mmo storyline cliches, at least the dominion storyline does. It lost me at times, but is rather easy to catch up on even if you find yourself lost. Haven't finished the storyline, but so far so good.Everybody is fully voice acted, which I know is now not as rare in games published by big studios, but the voice acting in ESO is very well executed and adds to overall immersion. The dialogue texts were easy to read, and for some reason doesn't make you want to kill yourself reading it like many other MMOs I've played.The graphics are good, not like your call of duty or far cry 4 good, but good for a MMORPG. I was very content playing eso on my 2012 macbook pro with only 4 gigs of ram and a crappy graphics card (running the game at medium). Either way, MMOs don't advertise their graphics as much as other aspects they deliver better than non MMOs such as coop play.The player community in ESO is not bad. For coop dungeons (if you don't have friends or they cant affor the game), you can always find a bunch of players camped outside the dungeons. Most of they aren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and are easily approachable via text or mic.Sidequests are a joy to play, though tedious if you don't read the dialogue. What I found extremely annoying was how my friend was able to reach level 7 in 2 hours, which it took me like 2 days, as I went around my area and did every possible side quest and he just rode up on his imperial pony and hopped from main quest to main quest.The skill tree system is something i've heard people ♥♥♥♥♥ about, but the skill trees are very elaborate and allow for lots of merging, giving you hundreds, maybe thousands of combinations to choose your best playstyle. I will complain that there are few builds that lead to success and it is likely your first character will end up a failure, but reading on builds online is boring and game breaking. My guess is that this is zenimax tricking players into replaying the game, which can be tedious, but hey, there are 3 storylines and 4 classes.Combat can be repetetive, but how you customize your class abilities can heavily affect your enjoyment in combat. There is some degree of tactics in combat, but usually you just end up going back to hit and run, hit and heal, or just hit and continue hitting cause your a dragonknight tactic.For those who said this game isn't skyrim online, I agree, and I also think its a stupid statement because the game literally isn't called skyrim online, it's not even marketed as an adaptation to the wildly successful es5, so I don't even know why that's a concern. However, this game still does what skyrim does best, it gives players the freedom to explore, and not only that encourages players to explore with sidequests scattered, this time around tamriel. Also something I find important, it gives players choice in pretty armors so you can look fabulous.I will remark some final and dissapointments this game has given me. If playing alone in the game, It almost does feel like skyrim, or just a solid rpg. However, when you're along, you tend to forget you're not the only one in this game, and though reveiewers have mentioned this game makes you feel like a piece of the bigger puzzle, at times it does treat you as the ""chosen one"", or at least a lone savier of a burning village. When you see ten people standing around the person asking for help to save his village, you get kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. This is nullified when playing with friends, when you're always aware that you aren't the only one, leading to no dissapointment at all.The price tag is pretty high, got it at full price and I don't regret any part of my purchase. However, this makes the game kind of unaccessable to potential customers, which kind of blocks out the spammers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. So I guess this isn't really a complaint once you muster the guts to make this investment.The game is huge, for a good reason. Took me like 3 days just to download it with my crappy router. You thought you were done just downloading it from steam, here's a 40 gigabyte patch for you to enjoy in game.Overall very enjoyable game, a few nitpicks here and there. I'm not qualified enough to comment on coop an pvp or the full storyline, for that I apologize, I will be updating this review once I get some more hours into it and more importantly in the mood to do a review. Buy this game, you won't reget it. (If you do I'm not responsible.)"
,Recommended,306130,19902097,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,hxgn,The original name of this game is The Elder Scroll Online: Can't Stop Playing Edition.
76561197978420884,Recommended,306130,16248763,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,TTU better then U,Just getting into the game but so far its great. No sub is a big plus for me. The world seems large and lots to do.
,Recommended,306130,18008676,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,chew toy,"Absolutely love this game.  I've only played Oblivion and Skyrim form the ES series but love this game.  Great to just smash through dungeons, or do finer things like craft your own weapons and armor; also wonderful when you play with others online.  What I like is you may end up wanting to do one quest and more than likely you'll find someone else also going to do it: you team up, blast through it, and find other quests to do or go your seperate ways, either way its fun!Highly advise you research the type of character you want and what skills you want them to have when they've leveled up, that way you have clear goal of what path you'll be going when spending skill points and such, otherwise you may have to save up in game money (not real money) to reset your skill points."
,Recommended,306130,18119948,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Đominus Aventiūs,"I'm just happy to have another amazing Elder Scrolls Game to play :)Short edit because I think ESO deserves this:When the game first launched It honestly was not that good, however in the past two years since release there have been countless updates that dramatically improve gameplay. It's very nice to play a game where the developers listen to feedback and implement requests to make a better game experience. Also, many well done DLCs have been released which just furthers the point that the developers are not giving up on this game. I'm quite excited for the release of Morrowind in June.I highly recommend this game, it will definately satisfy you until Bethesda gets around to Elder Scrolls 6."
,Recommended,306130,15553270,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,✠ VexVoid ✠,"Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited is a very fun game, and I love how it allows the player to view more of Tamriel. However the game had many changed twards Skyrim and Oblivion, Magic is changed and combat has also changed. However armour and weapons have been HEAVILY upgraded. There are so many types of armour and sword sets to choose from. But one of the biggest changed in the game is the fact that the game is a MMO. However it was executed suprisingly well. I suggest that you buy the game! :D"
76561198065967778,Recommended,306130,17775242,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Tuatha Dé Danann,Just do ittttttt 10/10
,Recommended,306130,15485734,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Aslidian,"I don't get all the dislikes towards this game. This game is a MUST-HAVE for all the fans of The Elder Scrolls franchise. Considering the fact that most MMOs today have pretty boring storylines, this game is SUPERB! Its storylines are engaging. The execution of the dialogues are wonderful!The gameplay is fantastic too! You get a mix between action-combat and targeted combat, which is great. Do you wanna play it like Skyrim in first-person? Do it. Do you wanna play it like other MMOs in third-person? Do it. It gives you a lot of options.Also, there are a lot of content to be released through time so your money will NOT go to waste. It's buy-to-play now, so buy NOW to PLAY!"
,Recommended,306130,29876904,Posted: 12 February,all,格拉摩根伯爵jade,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198062939980,Recommended,306130,17207182,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Great,"Not sure why I keep seeing reviews stating ""remember it's an MMO though"" All you've got to do to make it feel like a single player elder scrolls game is turn off zone chat and bam, you're alone, adventuring across tamriel, doing fun quests and killing enemies in a huge variety of locations, which by the way are beautifully done. This game allows you to interact with the daedric princes like never before.The pvp aspect of it is very fulfilling, it feels like I'm actually acomplishing something by raiding then capturing keeps, elder scrolls and resources, all with the help of giant trebuchet's, catapults and ballistae. Oh and flaming oil, who could forget dumping a pot of flaming oil onto a room full of unsuspecting enemies? It's great and if you've been on the edge of whether or not to buy it the best time is probably right now with the sale going on and the new update that is coming next month."
,Recommended,306130,24817476,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Eeyooree,"TL:DR (up front): Imagine a TES game with every zone unlocked (yes, this game is more expansive than any previous). If you like TES, you'll love this game. You do NOT have to pay monthly to enjoy this game.I can't compliment this game enough. When it first came out I tried the free demo and was horrified. How could they do this to my favorite game, I thought. I retired ESO and went on a long adventure through WoW. How could anything beat my love for Kalimdor, I wondered. Well, ESO went on sale and I gave it a shot. I played about a few days before realizing I absolutely needed ESO+, a monthly subscription similar to other MMORPG.Now, let me be clear. You absolutely DO NOT need to purchase ESO+. It is possible to play the entire game without paying monthly to play. You can unlock everything without an ESO+ membership. You can play the full game without it. Yes, there are added benefits, but I met many players of significant level without it.But I needed to buy it. Why? The aesthetics of this game are dumfounding. How on earth do they make such a visually stunning game run so smoothly as a MMO? The sound is unbelievable from the soundtrack to the ambience. Every single quest is different. You don't run to a new zone and kill 20 wolves, then 30 bears, then gather 5 herbs, to make the holy potion to kill the one boss. The quests in this game are created with the same heart and devotion of TES:oblivion and Skyrim. The characters have life. The world has life.The social aspects of this MMO are incredible. There are no trolls. Guilds serve a purpose. By that I mean is you don't need to join a guild for leveling perks (or at all). There are PvP, PvE, RP, Social, Raid, Casual, and even Trade guilds. That's right, a group of people to band up with solely to effect the global economy to make you rich.You truly cannot beat this game. As a long TES player, and relatively recent ESO player, I cannot recommend this game enough. If you like any TES (Morrowind or beyond) you will love this game. Once again I reiterate, you do NOT have to pay monthly to enjoy this game. I choose to because I support the developers."
76561198182397326,Recommended,306130,23939211,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Prafiz,70% of everyone's hours in the game are from downloading.
76561198022301903,Recommended,306130,34767603,Posted: 5 September,all,Moist Lettuce,<3 Fantastic world if you love the elder scrolls games <3
,Not Recommended,306130,24063912,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,NakedSpaceMan,"I wish I could say that the game is good, but unfortunately I CANT PLAY IT! The CD key provided when I bought the game was apparently invalid and both Steam and Bethesda's support teams refuse to help me and keep telling me to go to the other's support to get a new key.Not to mention that the game takes ungodly FOREVER to patch. I have a 100MB connection and yet it took hours to patch the game even when connected to the proper server. It should NEVER take 6 hours to patch a game nor should it count as game time! Now I'm stuck with a game that I can't even play despite how badly I would love to play it.Don't buy. Play Rift or Old Republic instead. At least there's no problems playing those and they're free."
,Recommended,306130,14957073,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,WrathSud,If you want refreshing story driven MMORPG this game is for you
76561198073969883,Recommended,306130,14995762,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,TheElkMan,"Great game, subs are gone which was my only previous issue.PROS-Easy to learn controls and basic mechanics-PvE is fun and a viable to play unlike most games that have little rewards for it besides xp-PvP is also fun though i have little experience in it, never like PvP too much in most games-Guilds are implemented well into the game (fighters, mages, ect.)-New justice system adds realism to the game, no more taking items right in front of someone just to break it down for mats-You can join more than one clan, i am in a clan for stores, roleplaying, and my own for friends to just hang out.CONS-You will lose you life if you steal a sweet roll infront of 3 gaurds at level 4. personal experiences."
,Recommended,306130,15012243,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Kaiser-Champion,First day bounty was worth 1000 gold. Im the best!
,Recommended,306130,31130355,Posted: 14 April,all,Neptune,"Good.What else to say... It's not a superb game but it'll do... Lots of stuff to do, pretty fun at some stages, huuuuge playerbase, huge map, lots of quests, dungeons and other stuff you can do.One of the better MMO's nowdays."
76561198034111952,Recommended,306130,16775399,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Chewbacca,"I waited so long to get this because I knew it started bad, but I'll tell you its way better now this is the most fun I've had in years I can't stop playing! I'm sure ill have hundred of hours into this game! I recommend you get it. it took me a few hours to understand how everything works but after everything clicked together I cant stop playing."
,Not Recommended,306130,24053319,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Phill,"I don't know why I keep trying to get into this game every few months. Every time I come back, I think ""it'll be better this time"". You'd think it was true with all the comments about how much it has changed since launch. I bought the Collector's Edition years ago, but thought I'd get it on Steam since it was on sale and fairly priced.Once the 65GB is downloaded, you're in the world, with your generic looking character from one of the poorest character creation processes of all time. There are fan made models and retextures (overhauls) for the races in Morrowind/Oblivion/Skyrim that put the character creation options in this multi-million dollar game to shame. How are they doing the races any justice when most options are barely changeable, while others look utterly ridiculous? The moustaches literally look like something out of a novelty store.Then comes the game world. Oh cool, first person mode, this'll be a nice change of pace from most MMOs right? Right. Until you use it for a few minutes and come to the quick realisation that it feels tacked on and outright pointless. You know what's not fun? Being in first person, trying to hit something, and having the poor speed of the server not register a weapon swing for 0.5 - 1.0 seconds. Awesome. If you're going to implement a first person mode, you better damn well ensure it's going to look and feel immersive. So try third person mode. Now you're stuck with dodgy looking animations, oversized weapons and crappy feedback in combat - again, hampered by latency issues.Now comes the interactivity with the world. Did I say interactivity? I mean lack of any sort. Everything is static and lifeless. Just like every other cookie cut MMO. Hit things, collide with them, try messing with the physics (or lack thereof), or try to attack something before the game decides it's time for you to attack it - and the result? *Nothing*. It's understandable that they couldn't bring everything over from the singleplayer games into an MMO, but such simple things make all the difference. Now it just feels sterile.The combat. I could write a novel on the lacklustre combat. There's absolutely nothing special about it, and in no way does it have a TES 'feel'. As I previously mentioned, it feels like every other generic MMO. Worse, because most of the time, due to the latency of the servers, it feels broken as the rhythm is constantly disrupted.I also love the way they advertise it as 'unlimited' and 'no subscription necesary', only to find that all DLC is either tied to a monthly sub or a ridiculous price to buy it outright so that you're able to keep it forever.This game takes locations, races, and lore from TES while neglecting everything that made the non MMO variety of TES games enjoyable and long lasting. It gets blended in with the same old tired model that every 2-bit MMO has been employing for years now, and the result is exactly as you'd expect. It went F2P quite quickly for a reason.I've played every TES game since Morrowind for thousands of hours, and I'm disgusted that this is how an MMO based on the franchise has turned out.All done. Never again. Refund initiated."
,Recommended,306130,15619455,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Pray,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Recommended,306130,19852639,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ryūgū Rena,"Don't play it like an Elder Scrolls game, play it like an mmo. You'll enjoy it much more."
76561198006746204,Recommended,306130,15011756,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Beinon,"This Game was amazing before it went buy to play, and still remains this way.Just take your time, go slow, go in first person, and enjoy the world lovingly crafted for you.I have yet to play with a nicer MMO community than the one on here."
,Recommended,306130,14955632,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Harambe,Great game. Defenitly worth the buy.
,Not Recommended,306130,28125797,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,[OMA] Bob Auer,"I bought this game while it was on sale and I don't regret the buy as I had and still have fun with it but I can't give it a positive rating because it's a giant cashcow that paywalls features that should be standard in an mmo, especially in a b2p one.1. The crafting bag: Unless you have ESO plus at a monthly cost of around 12€ you won't be able to use this feature.That means a full bank chest and lots of shuffling crafting materials around, I seriously just damned the damn small inventory spaces until I got ESO plus and now it feels mandatory if you want to do any provisioner, alchemy or enchantment crafting.There are just so many materials that it's ridiclous that they didn't add a basic, toned down crafting bag for non subscribers but use it as an incentive, even for players who own all DLC's, to subscribe and hence making the buying of DLC's wasted money.2. PvP: With the One Tamriel update they made players of any alliance able to play together, at least PVE.BUT for PvP you and you friends still need to be in one alliance, that means either you all agree on one alliance and only choose between 3 races OR you pay to be able to play with any race in any alliance by buying the explorers pack.The explorers pack uses a scarcity created by ZeniMax to justify paying for something that adds no additional content, they want one to pay extra money in a game that you bought and maybe even pay monthly for the ability to play together with you friends with any race.In other words, they strip content out of the game (narrowing your selection of races) just so they can give you an option to buy yourself out of that situation. This is, in my opinion, one of the worst cases of ""micropayment"" use.Even though it's a good game, the mix of microtransactions and artificial scarcity to justify them takes out a lot of fun for me, I myself would rather have a pure subscribing OR b2p model instead of this cashcow system.That's why I will still give it a bad rating, even though it's not the game itself that earned it but the publisher behind it, I won't reward them with a good review."
76561197972892759,Not Recommended,306130,26749096,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,{LCD}Bloodlet-VT,"Really enjoyed this game for the three days I was able to play it after purchase.Cannot recommend it though as I never received my Validation email and now can't login to the game.So far had zero response from either Steam or ESO support regarding this problem.Reading the Steam ESO forums I am one of many people that have this problem.Great game,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥support!"
,Recommended,306130,13919462,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Bread,"6.5/10 - (for now) Zenimax promised a huge patch/update fixing quest and adding more features and such.OH... and guess what? it doesn't COST A DIME NOR A DOLLAR for the patch/update. *Get your sh*t together Ubisoft"".GAME GRAPHICS++ Really good looking world and environment- Sometimes leak grey surface (texture issue)DUNGEON+ Dungeon is fun and rewarding most.- Dungeon party search is pretty much broken, sometimes it works and sometimes you gotta spam /zone chat for a specific role.PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER+ PVP is fun and rewarding- Some maps are too large and not necessary.QUESTING AND MAP EVENTS+ Skyshards are rewarding (Skill points).+ Map Bosses challenging and rewarding (when done with other people).+ Map Events like Dolman are fun and rewarding (when done with other people).- Questing is bland and sometimes unrewarding.- Quest Boss drops are low to 3-10 coins and no items drop what so ever, EVEN grinding mobs are more rewarding.- NPCs voice acting is done well but still I couldn't get myself to listen to them, its just uninteresting and dialogues are strictly 1 goody two shoes option.NAVIGATION- The map can be fraustrating sometimes when you're inside a world dungeon.- Waypoints are okay, sometimes frustrating but still okay.MUSIC AND SOUND+ Sound effects are great++ Music is amazing really good MUSIC."
76561198123272230,Recommended,306130,14336417,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Brogaard,"So I've played this game for some time now and I've had a great experience! The graphics are amazing (for a MMORPG), the combat works really good as well and the gameplay is just really nice, so are the quests. I must admit that the game had a crappy launch!...I would definitely recommend you to try it out the 17 march, where they remove the subscription!"
76561197994056144,Not Recommended,306130,31370041,Posted: 25 April,all,Hart,"This is essentially a standardized World of Warcraft style 'theme park' MMO with an Elder Scrolls skin.  That's worth 5 or 6 points on a 10 point scale, and if that were the end of it I'd simply refrain from reviewing this at all, because I love Skyrim, Fallout, and the rest of Bethesda's open world games, and I could chalk this up as an experience that simply isn't intended for me.However, I've been playing MMORPGs since Everquest and never have I had such an odious experience with a customer service department.  My Steam account got linked to the wrong ESO account.  I contacted ESO customer service through their web form - there is no other way to contact them, in or out of game, no phone number, no email address, just a web form that won't get you a reply until several days later.  Long story short, after 2 months and 6 outright dismissals of my CS ticket ESO CS has still been unable to fix this issue.  They refused to so much as pretend to try until I escalated the issue repeatedly, then blew smoke up my♥♥♥♥♥for another 2 months until I gave up and quit playing their game entirely.So that's the main issue here - in a game where you may invest months or years of your life building up a character or a guild, that complete lack of customer service is simply unacceptable.  However, that's not the only issue.ESO lacks major convenience features that make the MMORPG genre work.  For example, despite an extensive crafting system - not a deep or nuanced crafting system, mind - the game does not have anything resembling a central marketplace.  Instead individual guilds rent out merchants, and in order to access the things those particular guilds have put up for sale you have to physically travel within the game world to speak with the merchant they've rented.  If you want to put something you've found or purchased up for sale, the game dictates that you have to seek out and pucker up to the right asses on your particular server in order to join the proper merchant guild.This is coupled with a combat system that lacks interactivity to such a degree that the fight is either completely over in the blink of an eye or devolves into 'hold block while your allies shoot, then shoot while one of your allies blocks'.  Progression is boring because combat is boring - getting new skills does little to aleviate the repetitive nature of combat in an MMO where you only have 8 skills to use at once and most of them are limited by cooldowns or charge mechanics.If all you have is an XBOX then perhaps ESO is the game for you.  If you're on a PC, however, there are a hundred better options - Final Fantasy XIV, Star Wars: The Old Republic, Guild Wars 2, World of Warcraft and Neverwinter are all tangibly, measurably better products than ESO."
,Not Recommended,306130,28351520,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Koldfinger,"This game seriously needs an Auction House. the Guild trader system is weak, most of the items for sale are targeted toward the endgame and as such getting items for leveling is totaly relient on quest rewards which are completly random. As a caster I seem mostly to get heavy armour and melee weapons, very frustrating."
,Recommended,306130,30383240,Posted: 7 March,all,Iron,"Great story-telling with well-tried, timetested gamemechanics. It combines a lot of positive things from the most popular MMOs but gives the player a whole lot of freedom in creating your own sub-class."
76561197965281022,Not Recommended,306130,32224073,Posted: 6 June,all,X Cholik X,"This game has possibly the worst support i have ever seen. I bought this game and the marrowind upgrade, spent hours downloading it and updating the patcher. Just to FINALLY get into the game, i create my character and so far so good. Then, i load into the game world and for what ever stupid reason the camera constantly spin to the right or up whether or not im even touch my mouse which is very annoying.  I log off and attempt to google my problem which resulted in 2-3 year old posts, none of which even worked. Then i decided to try a different mouse, still messed up. Then i thought, hey lets go to their support site surely i can find an answer to my problem on the official site. NOPE, there was one result again neither of which worked. I looked for hours for a customer support line or even an email. I am sure i probably over looked it or something because i never did find it. All and all i actually played the game less than 20 mins if that. So i tried to go get a refund  on steam. Well guess what!? because dumb♥♥♥♥♥steam can't seem to tell the difference between a patcher and a game it says i've played it for 5 hours which i can assure you i most certainly did not!! Because of that stupid patcher registering as time played i missed the two hour mark and there for can't get a refund."
,Recommended,306130,15850736,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Rave,"Back from launch so much improved in-game feature, slightly better playing experience than ever."
,Recommended,306130,34534851,Posted: 27 August,all,BentRage,"This game has its pros and cons here and there, and no, I'm not going to list them. I'm just going to generalize my experience with this game.I first played on PS4 when it came out. Now, the game is not the same as it is on here; it is much more anti social and lonely.This game is not like your classic elder scrolls; it's an MMORPG set in the fantasy world of elder scrolls.The combat is smoother and more my style than say, BDO or WOW. I've played both, WOW since 2004. The abilities are nice and interesting enough to keep you into your class and leveling, and diverse enough to see differences in the classes.The graphics are a hit or miss. Either you've got a good PC that can run ultra high beauty, or you've got a potato that runs what appears to be graphics set before 2005. As someone who sees in ultra high quality at 100 fps, this game has surprised my eyes at how well it looks and runs.Now, I don't like the way factions and races work, but all is fair in lore.Micro transactions are generally a huge downside to me, but this game uses it to a not so extreme variant and generally only ever gives small boosts, if any.In summary, this game is good. But that is MY OPINION. If you don't like MMORPGs, or want an online skyrim, DO NOT get this game. If you want a casual MMORPG you can relax with and enjoy all the activities involved, this game is worth a shot, just don't expect a refund as you can't play for about 2-3 hours. Nonetheless, I recommend this game to seasoned players of MMORPGs, and give caution to those not so sure about it. Have fun in your adventures."
,Recommended,306130,34524672,Posted: 27 August,all,Shrayzer,"""mmo that was made in heaven""-me""i was born to play this game""-me"
76561198028529497,Not Recommended,306130,31146568,Posted: 14 April,all,Madfire Storm,"Do we even make games for the passion anymore?Gamers didn't make this game. Clearly agents of The East Empire Company developed this game.Greedy N'wahs. Save yourself the dissapointment and play Morrowind, when game development was about pushing boundaries and not the limit of the consumers stupidity to throw money at a name.I regret buying this game."
,Recommended,306130,30901722,Posted: 2 April,all,yohanesng,This game is good ! for people who love to quest ! PVP ! Craft !  and explore
,Recommended,306130,11605222,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,LLOYD AF,"Like many other fans of the Elder Scrolls series I was expecting this to be like Skyrim but online and in a sense it is but its also much more than that.The questing is always interesting and still has the random stranger quests plus more, you get random events that happen (will not explain more as to not spoil the game).The crafting system is one of the best I have ever seen and has a lot of depth to it. The exploration is perfect, there is so much to see and always something new around the corner (Don't forget about those random events)But most of all, you are doing all this with your friends (sorry to the lonely losers out there who have no friends, its still fun on your own, honest) run around, kill things, explore, do quests or just make up your own story and get lost in the beautiful scenery.9/10"
76561198026345130,Not Recommended,306130,18398962,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Velthelm,"Not enough variery to keep playing unfortunately. Gets old after the initial fond revisiting of Tamriel.. Wish i had not caved during the sale, i feel like i didn't get my money's worth :( -stay clear"
76561198061235079,Recommended,306130,15808498,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,LegioBray ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,"Extremely fun! This game is very easy to get into if you are a TES fan, and even if your not a fan or just haven't played the previous games....it's fun to play by yourself and especially with friends. PVE is fun and can keep you attention for long enough, but i think where the game truely shines is PVP. The playstyle is very similar too Guildwars 2 and I highly recommend it for any Elder Scrolls fans and for anyone else to at least give it a chance, also since many of the bugs from the beginning launch have been patched."
,Recommended,306130,16909472,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,RetroMystic,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,306130,26123687,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,I ran out of Usernames,"Kind of boring in my opinion but its definently well designed and the people who balance the game have a good idea of what theyre doing. The quality also doesn't fluctuate much, what you see is what you get."
,Recommended,306130,12982132,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,G O K U,"I've read alot of bad press about this game, I still bought it. When it comes down to it, You might like a game that I think is terrible and visa versa. If you haven't played it DO IT! Its a fantasic game with room for so many more adventures and im sure it will be constantly evolving. My first MMO and it can only get better. If you like the elder scroll's games its one of the best."
76561198037345161,Recommended,306130,14938498,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,KaneBunce,"I very much enjoy this game. It even fixes some of the problems I have with single player Elder Scrolls games, such as leading much less inventory management. And this is *before* the backpack upgrades and training for horses that you can get to raises your carry capacity.I also very much enjoy the story of the game, which is the main thing I look at in the game.There is plenty for roleplayers too due to a ton of emotes, light armour being good for RP clothes, and a lot of RP clothes between the Crown Store and what can be stolen."
,Recommended,306130,32869235,Posted: 27 June,all,Nevermore EzPz,It is a good MMORPG if you like questing and exploring around. It still has some annoying bug but it's a good product overall.
76561198051816570,Recommended,306130,14147657,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,hussrock1,"It's a fun game, though the subscription fee was a put off. However now that it's going B2P/F2P it's worth it in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,306130,11383827,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,XT-Skater,"If you are getting this game in the hope it will be a MMORPG version of Skyrim? Don't.I downloaded it once... 40gb. Played for 2 hours, crashed.Second download AGAIN 40gb.Load crash repair required.20gb.Yeahhhhh.... not worth the time and effort and from the 2hrs or so of gameplay I did get. It was nothing special.The class system is restricting, quests were'nt too bad but still very genetic. The combat system was very dissapointing.Is it worth a $15/sub, hell no.If you have patience and want to fiddle with the horrible client loader ( and no bandwidth restriction),get it and try it. You can go 30days for a $1 as long as you cancel in time.Overall NEG.Hoping Everquest Next and Archeage won't be as dissapointing."
,Recommended,306130,26857873,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bundy CorpseGrinder,One of the best mmo around.
,Recommended,306130,20025176,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Alscar ♛,"As a game that begun clearly on the wrong foot, it has made huge advancements compared to it's release version. As far as I can tell ZeniMax and Bethesda have fixed 90% of the original bugs and in many ways improved the all round enjoyment of the game.If you are looking for a way to compare TESO:TU to another game, from my experience I would describe it as a mixture of World of Warcraft and Skyrim, obviously with it's own unique twist.. but that's the most accurate comparison I can provide.To keep the review short, I'll end saying that The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited is without doubt worth it's price, at least for someone such as myself. If you aren't 100% sure this is the right game for you, even are a little 'research' I'd suggest waiting for a sale or search for one privately to acquire it cheaper."
,Recommended,306130,19791881,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,enzoisadog,This game is amazing! I recomend it.
,Recommended,306130,26756129,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,drakdrakdrak,"I never bought this game earlier because the revies all say not to buy it if you like skyrim, only if you like MMO's, and I am not a big fan of MMOs but love the elder scrolls universe.The free weekend comes so I give it a shot and it is brilliant, the 40 hours I played in the free weekend more than make the $10 on sale price worth it so I bought it.I so far have only played solo, and still have two more alliances to try. Then get the DLC later and have more to do.It is a little bit grindy, but there is enough to do to cover the cost a few times over."
,Recommended,306130,28188648,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,CS:GO is dying,"A MMO with Skyrim elements .You should totally buy this,I'm sure you'll like it.Best if you wait for a discount ,but it's a must-buy."
,Recommended,306130,32654628,Posted: 22 June,all,TheKingKakashka,Still trying to create my unique looking character.
76561198028938480,Recommended,306130,11318326,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,IcyDeadPeople,"UPDATE AFTER ESO MORROWIND (5/22/2017)I had an opportunity to participate in the ESO Morrowind beta test and played around 30 hours. The developers did an amazing job with the environments, artwork and quests in this zone. Surprisingly, it felt a lot more like the single player TES games compared to other zones. The battlegrounds game mode was so much fun that I will probably be doing this most of the time from now on. I especially liked Team Deathmatch mode and my favorite map is the Foyada Quarry. Strongly recommend this expansion for anyone who is a fan of Elder Scrolls games or anyone who enjoys Deathmatch and Capture the Flag PVP.I have two main concerns with ESO Morrowind. First the world of Vvardenfell feels so much like a single player TES game that I suspect many new players will try to play the same way I did, wandering around exploring instead of doing quests in a specific order like other MMOs. As a result, I ran into some areas that were locked off or missing NPC dialogue because I had not done some other quest X, Y or Z. These quests would benefit from an alternate quest giver added for players who like to explore. It's frustrating to wander into some really cool environment, but none of the NPCs will talk to you because you didn't do some other quest.Second concern is the battlegrounds are fun, but need an improved queuing system and they should provide much more experience and alliance points. People who love the battlegrounds will want to spend most of their time just doing this and unfortunately you don't earn enough XP or AP to level up new characters or buy monster helms each weekend. I was only earning about 9k - 12k AP/hr compared to avg 25k/hr in Cyrodiil. And I didn't earn hardly any XP at all.The battlegrounds queuing system also needs to allow players to queue up for battlegrounds and just stay in the queue all evening instead of exiting the map and requeuing each time. If they become popular I hope the devs will add a way to queue for specific maps and specific game mode. There is also a bug with premade group queue for BG as of 5/22.GAME BALANCE AFTER ESO MORROWINDBalance is never going to be perfect, but they are continually working on this and it has improved tremendously since launch. You can make a viable character from any of the five classes and your choice of stamina or magicka focus, light, med or heavy armor.Based on experience in battlegrounds (with no champion points) I'd say heavy armor is still a little too strong compared to light or medium, and sorc class stands out with high tankiness and high damage output compared to other classes thanks to ranged execute, great mobility and very large shields that scale off the offensive damage stat (max magicka). Hopefully they will buff light and medium armor passives a bit to bring them in line with heavy armor.Warden is a strong class and quite versatile to play as healer, tank or damage dealer, but it is not any sort of ""I win"" button. If you play Warden you are still going to die a lot like any other class.OVERALL GAME EXPERIENCEPlayed ESO a ton of hours. Starting in 2013, I participated in the Psijic Order testing group on the long term public test server (PTS), and since launch I've leveled up several characters to max, lot of time in PVP.It's a lot more polished now than it was at launch but still not perfect - there are still some bugs and glitches, and three years later the game is still undergoing adjustments to the balance. Regardless, I highly recommend Elder Scrolls Online. Feel free to message me through Steam or in-game @IcyDeadPeople if I can help answer any questions you have about the game.ESO is not exactly a role playing game or co-op sequel to TES single player games. When you enter Cyrodiil, it feels like a medieval siege warfare sandbox game in Elder Scrolls setting. When you enter the battlegrounds it is a fast paced PVP deathmatch game with a fun combat system. When you enter a group dungeon or trial, it is a fun co-op adventure with some tough boss fights where you need to figure out some interesting mechanics. Then there is the meta game aspect of learning how to amass a pile of gold and a rather deep and engaging crafting system. The housing system is still new, but I think it has potential for player generated content, such as hopefully someday designing and sharing your own battlegrounds map etcThis is the first MMO I've tried that I really enjoyed and continued playing for more than a couple days. Tried WoW for two days and quickly got bored of it. Tried SWTOR weekend beta which had interesting narrative cutscenes, but the gameplay was not appealing. I came into this as a fan of the Elder Scrolls games, not a fan of MMOs. Played many hours of Morrowind, Oblivion and Skyrim, and created mods for the last two.When I started during the 2013 beta, I approached ESO like Skyrim with co-op mode, focused on exploring the world, getting into the narrative and doing quests together with friends. You can sort of play the game like this (especially in Vvardenfell zone), but eventually you will probably be more interested in PVP or endgame dungeons.PVP IS FUNIf you are looking for the open world sandbox environment, it is here. Every day when you log on to Cyrodiil, there is a different narrative going on. There could be a new guild visiting from a different campaign to help your friend become an Emperor, or the enemy factions might be teaming up in some epic three way siege battle that lasts several hours, etc.You make up your own quests playing together with friends in Cyrodiil, and they are more fun than the PVE quests in my view.  One day your quest might be to sneak past a host of enemy players to set up a camp for your guildmates, or say, playing the roll of a bridge troll, hiding and killing people who try to cross another day you are helping a friend get revenge on a dude who keeps killing him in Bruma etc.Even if you have never played MMOs before, or were mainly into PVE, the PVP combat system is a lot of fun and anyone can learn how to become proficient at killing other players.PVE IS DIFFERENT FROM SKYRIMIt is possible to approach ESO like the single player TES games, wandering off in any direction in the PVE areas and doing your own thing, talking to NPCs here and there or just exploring. There are some compelling stories and strong voice acting in some of the quests. However, like other MMOs, the enemies keep respawning and just stand around in spots waiting for players, etc.By necessity, the PVE combat encounters in ESO can't compare to the living world experience in Skyrim, where NPC enemies have more complex AI behaviors. The AI is different because it must handle multiple players in the same area at once. The story, environments and artwork in the new expansion ESO MORROWIND come closest to recreating some aspects of this experience.The pinnacle of ESO's PVE experience is learning how to beat the toughest bosses in group dungeons and trials. If you really want to excel at this, at some point you need to make friends with other players who can teach you the mechanics and perhaps join a guild. You also need to figure out a build, choose armor sets and abilities.CHARACTER PROGRESSION IS DEEPThere are so many different ways to customize your character. Just as with the previous TES games, any class can use any weapon. A large part of the fun of this game is researching and coming up with your own build ideas, customizing your abilities with various armor sets and choosing which weapons to specialize in. Any of the five classes can be a healer, melee warrior, destruction mage or archer, based on your weapon choices.When you progress in crafting you can make amazing potions, food, weapons, armor, enchantments that are incredibly useful - even furniture and materials for building a house. You can sell these items to other players and earn lots of gold."
,Recommended,306130,32875054,Posted: 27 June,all,Fuura Kafuka,"ESO has come a long way since its debut three years ago. At that time ESO was plagued with bots, many bugged quest lines, a subscription fee, and not much to do.Fast forward three years later: the fee is gone, you can be a thief and steal from the populace, become an assassin, or quest anywhere. No longer are zones too hard or easy. Quest where you want, when you want.For those of you looking for status items there is housing which range from a modest inn room to palatial noble estates."
,Recommended,306130,28866662,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Hodi the Bloodless,"Elder Scrolls Online is an amazing game, a game that any person can get into. I recommend it highly for all MMO type ES fans. It just became subscription free and all you need is an account to play after you buy the actual game. I love it and it never ceases to amaze me. The Elder Scrolls series is truly one of my favorite series in the gaming world. You won't regret buying this."
,Recommended,306130,16895357,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,DeathByWafflez,"With the new updates they gave the game it made it the game people wanted, whatever you initially heard about the game, forget that and read reviews that are recent after the updates. The game really feels like I took any of the elder scrolls games and put it on multiplayer. With the justice system and ability to steal and murder, the great combat system and ability to customize your character, I have to say this game is worth the one time $60 payment and you should really give this game a try, it has become the elder scrolls online people wanted!"
76561198093347155,Recommended,306130,26733744,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Spongeknob Squarenuts,"I played this game for the free weekend and I was hooked, I started playing with 2 other friends so we can team up. I'm still having a lot of fun. I really recommend this game!"
,Recommended,306130,27007316,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. Kushenstein's Monster,"Pretty good MMO, tried it in beta and didnt like it. played it in the free weekend recently and liked it and bought it."
76561198016430741,Recommended,306130,27361189,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Khauffey,"ok, this is the first time I've played an MMO for more than 5 minutes, just not my thing. so I was apprehensive about jumping into this one. but as a fan of the Elder Scrolls going back a few years I was curious to see this vision of Tamriel. now I did wait for a free weekend to make that jump but jump I did. sadly so did half of the free world. it was amusing to frustrating getting around with all these freebies all doing the same quests at the same time. comical even. so I quit. then a few hours later I was back. I got enough play time to see that I wanted to see more of Tameriel, despite the crowd. I finally figured that once the freebies were gone it might be ok to jump back in...and it was. don't know where this will all lead as I still don't like MMO's, I still want to explore Tamriel and I will. hopefully a lot less populated ESO."
76561197979537900,Recommended,306130,26695066,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Niq426,This game is great!Great story!Challenging dungeons!Beautiful graphics.The game has come from♥♥♥♥♥♥over the years. Kudos to Zenimax for listening to its player base and getting the game to a point of greatness!
76561198051298671,Recommended,306130,26928174,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jimmeh Gibbs!,"Fantastic MMO experience with no-subscriptions?Sale for base game that costs 10 dollars?Over 250 mastery levels, dungeons, quests, and thousands of items in the base game?Amazing DLC that comes for a fair price, but isn't neccessary?Better beg Mommy for those 10 dollars like you've never done before, Little Jimmy."
,Recommended,306130,28126880,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Blast (AKA LostAmI),"I went into this with the right expectations. An Elder Scrolls game that would be very MMO like, less of everything I love about Elder Scrolls games. But what I got sort of shocked me.Yes it's got a very MMO feel, but there was more, The mechanics of the game are carefully crafted to preserve as much of that Elderscrolls feel as possible... Hell I can steal axes and armor off of displays in shops and and then melt them down for parts or even sell them to or have them laundered by a fence.Sneaking is a bit odd at time but works well and can be a lot of fun when you start lifting everything not nailed down from every market stall on main street... which i do far more often then my noble Nord warrior would like to admit.Fighing is a interesting mix of do it yourself and auto targeting and hotkey skills. It works out well and does not break to much of the immersion at least in my opinion.Graphics are suprisingly good for an MMO of this scale, and the artistic designs throught the game hold true to the feel of the Elder Scrolls lore and game series as a whole.Many quests are simple fetch or kill but some of them turn out way deeping and far more interesting, Which as we know happens even in Skyrim and other games in the series. Overall the DLC content is the most well made of the story content. They seem to have taken more time in weaving a story and making it more then just fetch and kill. They even included player choice to some minor degree which actually made me think about putting points in the persuasion skill before.All in all I have highly enjoyed my purchase so far. I got the gold edition for 30$ on cyber monday so im talking from the perspective of that price compaired to what I got.I mean if you can often spend 60$ without blinking then ya this might be a good perchase for you, but if you struggle to spend 20$ on a game this might not be right for you if you think your getting a single player Elder Scrolls game cause you will be unhappy if that is what you seek."
,Recommended,306130,31216069,Posted: 18 April,all,サイモンサリフ,"Excellent so far (~100 hrs of actual gameplay), will update upon reaching endgame."
76561198021658889,Recommended,306130,23895246,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,WOODEEDOOWOO,"TLDR: Keep your expectations realistic, don't expect Skyrim or WoW and you'll like it. Pros and cons at the bottom.Most of the negative reviews are tech issues. ""Game won't launch, it sucks!"" ""Took 153 hours to download, it sucks!"" I had no issues with that. But most console games now require some kind of download so if you don't want that go play an original Nintendo.The other negative reviews are from people who wanted multiplayer Skyrim. This is not that.In actuality it's an mmo with the depth you'd expect from an ES game or as much as can be allowed in an mmo.Pros:- Any race/class can use any weapon and play any role. Yes, you can min/max but there are no ""cookie cutter"" builds. It really is about your play style not what Google says you have to do to be the best tank/healer/dps.- You know when you're playing an ES game, questing and some random person says ""you there! Can you help me?"" That still happens. There is no ""go to this city, do all those quests then get directed to the next city"" If you really break it down there probably is, but it doesn't feel like that at all. Just like a traditional ES game you can pick a random direction, travel and find something to do.- Multiple, diverse skill/gear sets on one character. Every mmo I've ever played I've been a caster preferring fire. I play a dragon knight. With him I can be my standard incinerate everything with reckless abandon. I can also put plate armor on, go sword and board and tank. And, I can switch these on the fly.-Story. Personally, I've loved every story and back story from every quest I've completed and I normally don't bother paying attention to this in most at all. I won't hate on WoW, the community is what killed it for me, but I honestly had no clue why I was doing anything I was doing at any point in time. Not that it didn't explain it, just didn't care. The lore in ES is phenomenal and the voice acting is the best in any mmo I've ever played and up there with any game I've ever played period.Cons:-A lot of the multitude of skill points you get come from collecting skyshards and completing certain quests. The thought here is that it encourages exploration. It does... But it also makes me have to worry about if I've missed any available points.  There are add-ons for that but as much as I like add-ons I don't care for them when they feel necessary.-Crafting, let me say that I love the crafting. It has just as much depth as the rest of the game. My problem with it is it doesn't do a great job explaining anything beyond the basics."
,Recommended,306130,20196895,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,'Dread,"I do not understand those who give hate towards this game,They just probably don't want people to play such an amazing game.Elder Scrolls Online is one of the most favorite games I have ever played.Upon Starting the game you can choose between-3 Factions-9-10 races-4 Classesand can customize your character almost completely.There is both PVP and PVE.Option to join up to 5 guildsable to wear costumes that overlays your armor look (Can even look like a Goblin with a certain costume)option to dye your armorSo much space to free roam eventually able to go to Coldharbour!The game is worth getting & worth the time.----------------Updatenow with One Tamriel update, the game is more funner, all PVE areas you can finally run into other faction players, before you couldn't run into Aldmeri Dominion or Ebonheart Pact players as a Daggerfall Covenant player. Only through cyrodiil it was allowed but with update 12, alot more sets are able to be used, brought back old sets. There is even dueling which is new with update 12.It is definetly worth buying."
76561198008825121,Recommended,306130,25574891,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Dirkki,"With 20 hours behind me I can really say that I'm enjoying my time in Tamriel. The graphics are good, the voice acting is good, scenery, athmosphere and even most of the quests seem to be good when compared to other MMO's. Ok, they are still fetch this and kill those, but it is a bit more subtle than that. Not so obvious run there and kill. There seems to be also a huge amount of lore hidden here and there. Being completely new to Elder Scrolls I am a bit overwhelmed.I can definitely recommend this game if you like MMO's (no it doesn't invent the whole genre again, but what game does) and even if you don't know anything about Elder Scrolls you will get into the game quickly.I bought the Gold Edition and the description here on Steam is a bit misleading. The game does contain all of the DLC's (minus the newest one) AND a free horse from the start and 500 Crowns. These were not advertised when I bought the Gold Edition."
76561198043256140,Recommended,306130,27935597,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Larson,"I haven't played for long but i can you some ideas of why you should buy this game especially now with the Autumn sale.So at first i never thought i'd be enjoying this game due to the combat looking weird since it's kinda different than other MMO's but when i played it wasn't bad at all of course i had to get used to it but after a few hours i thought to myself 'this game isn't bad at all'. Here are a few things i like about this game although i'm still in the early stages of the game ill try to talk about the things i've already experienced. Also i'm probably gonna forget to cover alot and my English isn't the best.Skill lines:Alright, when you start your adventure you will see 1 skill unlockable for each ''line/tree'' or whatever you may call it.Basically when you unlock that skill you will level it. So the higher the level of that specific skill line the more abilities you will unlock. Now every skill line consists of about 5 active skills an ultimate ability and a few passives, when leveling i do recommend getting 1 skill of each skill line to level it up so you can use more abilities later on in the game and don't worry you can reset your skill line but it will cost some gold  which isn't that much but will depent on how many skill points you've used.Attribute points:-Magicka-Health-StaminaWell this is pretty straight forward you put a point in magicka and your magicka and same with Health and stamina now there's a bit more the cover about this but i'm not going to however i just go full stamina on my Nightblade and Templar.Crafting:-Alchemy-Blacksmithing-Clothing-Enchanting-Provisioning-WoodworkingI only trained blacksmithing, clothing and woodworking so i will only cover a bit about these crafting skills.When training these 3 skills i recommend leveling all of them since they're all very important all together.You can either find ores in the open or just deconstruct weapons/armour you find OR steal which i recommend since you level up a lot faster by stealing gear and deconstructing them, by deconstructing gear you get materials so let's say if you deconstruct a sword you get ingots and some other stuff i don't know much about. Now there's 1 important thing to crafting called traits basically it's an effect on your armour (which i'm not 100% sure about FeelsBadMan) but you can learn these which will take a few hours but you will be able to craft better gear with certain effects. (Alright i'm not too sure if i explained this well enough, but if you do buy eso just lookup a guide by kevduit which explains it in depth and it's also fun to watch.)Well, this was my first ever review and since i'm not english i still struggle with . and , but i hope you atleast learned something about the game although this isn't really a very good review, it's just that i like this game alot and hope more people will start playing."
,Recommended,306130,28255701,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,WillytheParks,"I've been an TES fan ever since oblivion and hearing that Zenimax online was making a Elder scrolls game online, I lost my sh*t! However, after seeing the bad reviews for the game I decided to wait a year, so the game could improve. I was so glad I bought the game in 2015! Great PvP, an amazing community with game-devs constantly keeping people updated, PvE questing with groups actually works now, and public/private dungeons are really fun! If you guys are interested in buying this game, make sure to have a friend tag along to! It makes the experience 10x better"
76561198028022959,Recommended,306130,15174607,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Sir Bugalstein,"With no sub fee, you literally have no reason not to buy it. I mean the gameplay is great the lore is informative, and the world is just massive. 10/10Although one thing I recommend of steam's part is to not make us have to type in the product key into the redeem code section on the ESO website. This casues alot of confusion amoung many of the people who bought this."
76561198167857330,Recommended,306130,26701830,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Zazel Azazel,"Very good game,not boring, classes not locked to particular armor type and literrary can use all weapons!Graphic wise is similar to  skyrim hd so u need realy good gpu to run on ultra :D gtx 970 on ultra drops to min 30 fps,, hight settings 70 + fps  :)"
,Recommended,306130,21262349,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Keileon,120% worth its price when you have a couple of friends to play with.It also goes on sale fairly often if you don't have the money to buy it normally.
76561198052264545,Recommended,306130,21262524,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,mum,"Let's be clear - this is the first MMO I've played. It was kinda weird fighting through the spooky, ""deserted"" ruins with crowds of people doing the same quest. Then when one of the NPCs said, ""Here comes another one"" I realized I just had to go with the flow. And it was so good to be back in Elder Scrolls territory. Although I'd prefer more solitude, the game is geared to groups and I've had to learn to take advantage of other questers to help me defeat difficult foes - I was getting sick of dying. The crafting system is somewhat complex, but I've decided to leave that until later. At the moment my mission is to see just how far a lone character can go in this game."
,Recommended,306130,22398574,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Sun Bro Solaire,"Great  MMORPG, I have been having a fun time playing it and still play it today.  The servers are good and the PvP is being refined. The story line s are good and not boring. It also has the fun MMO grind.Overall I rate this game 8/10"
76561198035973333,Recommended,306130,21090848,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Frankrc,"I really enjoy this game !!  Wow, I'm really impressed ! :)  I have more fun than I thought I would have.  I played WoW for years and got tired of it...  Now with this MMO it's really a new genre of MMO and so fun !  I enjoy the first person side and being able to explore this huge world and so beautiful...  This really doesn't feel like the other mmos.. I think people got tired of other types of MMOs.  ESO is unique, the fights are so fun, even more than Skyrim I would say.  I'm a huge Elder Scrolls fan and I cal say that ESO is really worth of the series...  I highly recommend it !  There are only 2 MMOs I liked and they are WoW and ESO and I tried many others.  If you are tired of WoW, you won't be tired of ESO since it is so different and it feels like playing Skyrim, Morrowind or Oblivion.  I'm really happy of having bought this game yesterday in special and I would say that even at full price the game is really worth the price !Honestly, usually if I don't like a game I will stop playing it after only a few hours and will never touch it again...  I'm happy that it does the opposite with this game.  The quest are really well made and original.. it's not all the time ""Kill 10 monsters""... It's really more realistic and into role playing.. I would say if you played one of the recent Elder Scrolls, you will find often similar quests in this game."
,Recommended,306130,21384078,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,RadioKillr182,There are quite a few bugs.Attack them then press E to scavenge and then R to take all.You can use them to fish.
,Recommended,306130,21845132,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DYNAMITE,"it's like someone saw SW:TOR and wanted to one-up Bioware.GG, success"
76561198037620228,Recommended,306130,22181031,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,supp0rtyournoobass 1e0nidas,great game. a must buy for mmorpg fans. screw the bad reviews. its well worth it
,Recommended,306130,23530048,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Arcane Jelly,"Like Skyrim with more player characters.But really, you can't go into this game and expect a ""Elder Scrolls MMO"" you have to go into this thinking of our as a ""MMO with Elder Scrolls lore"""
76561197984362671,Recommended,306130,33319619,Posted: 6 July,all,Roc,"I would give it some 7.5/10The game is good, even single player content only. It's better to play with friends, but you may always find someone out there to help you in a dungeon. The amount of lore and smaller quests is good, and the main quest and guild quests are large and long. The landscapes are nice to watch and the amount of new lands to discover is amazing. Even bigger than in Witcher 3.PROS:- amount of Elder Scrolls Lore- amount of small quests (majority of them is nicely done)- Long and involving MQ and Guild Quests (very well made)- very large terrain to explore- amount of dungeons often with unique theme and enemies and couple of small fetch or destroy questsCONS:- graphics is not bad but could be better- some small quests may be boring sometimes"
76561198252702532,Recommended,306130,29859255,Posted: 11 February,all,Rumored,great
,Recommended,306130,31309554,Posted: 22 April,all,Overly Dramatic Overlord,I collected all of my Steam Trading Cards for this game by downloading the twenty-thousand patches. My investment was in no way wasted and the patches take longer than the time it would take for a steam refund to be viable.A worth while purchase.
76561198011059115,Recommended,306130,15573566,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ants in my Eyes Johnson,Great game and vast amount of content to keep you going for awhile! Took me a month to reach lvl cap with a fairly active play time (Steam didn't keep track since u used the ESO launcher but i logged over 100 hours in 3 weeks easily.Graphics.Voice acting and game play are all on par with what you would expect from Elder scrolls
,Recommended,306130,16930831,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ERICHAOTIC,"Absolutely have a blast playing this game but every game has its ups and downs. In ESO's case it's more good than bad.Pros:+ Being able to colour armour and clothing is by far one of my favorite new features+ Being able to spawn your mount out of nowhere is a great change of pace+ Love all the mini bosses, there is just the right amount of them+ If you're struggling with a tough boss in most quests, you can literally just wait a minute or so for another player to come along and help you finally defeat that pesky powerhouse of a boss+ The membership is worth it in the long run if you're a highly frequent player. Being able to buy creatures, mounts, and boosts for your character with the allotted crowns is great. The 10% boost in everything is quickly apparent as you do your business throughout the world.+ Never gets boringCons:- Quests can get repetitive, although they all do have their unique attributes- Friends can do the same quest as you but you can't actually do it together. For example: You're doing the same quest and each person has to complete the same objectives seperately alongside each other.- Leveling up crafting skills and leveling up the many passive skills of each crafting skill also gets repetitive and it's mostly worth it in the long run because you can make some pretty awesome armour"
,Recommended,306130,15290889,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Senior Tartini,"Do you like MMORPGS that are not completely pay to win, while they have tons of lore and a damn fine community? JUST BUY IT."
,Recommended,306130,15522035,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Scary,"It is rare the occasion now a days, almost like a long lost love to come back to, when you can immerse yourself in a game without stopping or being really anxious about the next time you'll be able to play. This is this game for me, especially now that they dropped the subscription this is exactly the kind of MMO I wanted to play!Let the hours played by the rest of the reviewers drive you to a game you wont regret."
76561198061127698,Recommended,306130,15555983,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Arcantis,"I played a lot of solo game and mmo. when i play this game i feel i am in a solo game that i can play in multiplayer when i want. the graphic are 10/10, it is the firt mmo that i realy enjoy quest and i can do what i like to do whit my skills. this game as 99% to be the best i have played so far and i have tried all the mmo and good solo game.I HIGHTLY RECOMMENDS THIS GAME, IT IS 100% WORT IT"
76561198156297595,Recommended,306130,19202482,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,kluetheenigma,The first thing you have to understand is that at its heart it is an mmo and thats how its designed. Once you get past that any Elder Scrolls fan will enjoy it. Theres always something new to do plus repeatables just in case.
,Recommended,306130,15602523,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Mellon,"When I had played this during beta, it was one of the most broken, buggy experiences ever. Now, like a phoenix soaring out of a pile of rubble, we have one of the best MMOs to date. The graphics are stunning, quests are fresh and often unique, and the combat is smooth, flowing, and engaging. Also, as someone who enjoys as much immersion as possible in my gaming experiences, ESO delivers a top-notch world that you so easily find yourself a part of (even moreso with the right addons). If you are a fan of Skyrim, Oblivion, or Morrowind, this game will align itself neatly and proudly alongside them."
76561198028507993,Recommended,306130,28041200,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nuozmusis,Good
,Recommended,306130,28070363,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Yourius,what is life
76561198192143555,Recommended,306130,28072802,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Merzk,"played it now and then since release, it's a fun game."
,Not Recommended,306130,31328963,Posted: 23 April,all,Kitty,"The game is great, when I can actually log in. Don't buy this from Steam.I've spent four hours of googling, reinstalled TWICE (three total 50gb+ downloads plus patches) and have a bat file to flush my DNS, and even then I can only get in almost never. Unreal how terrible all the support is for this - there's threads about it on Steam and ESO's websites, citing the same issues over and over and over and over again and next to none of the fixes work.Oh, and the launcher counts as playing time, so I can't refund it even though I've spent less than 30 minutes in the actual game. Un-freaking-believable. I've never been more disappointed with Steam."
76561197990956151,Recommended,306130,15514899,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,maui,"Whilst I have played a lot of rpgs this is my first mmo and I am quite enjoying it (not as much as morrowind or skyrim). Everyone I have met ingame has been helpful and there is an added enjoyment when you work with someone, you have just met, to take down a boss monster you can't do yourself. Ingame chat between players was very quiet until I joined a guild then it really changed and was a lot easier to rope someone in for a dungeon crawl.1 thing that does get to me is the bugs .....lol we all know elderscroll games have always had their share in the past but I expected to encounter a lot less than I have so far seeing as the game is a year old. Lucky none of them are game killers most times hitting esc will get you out of camera and control issues. As to the quest ones, just leaving the game and returning straight away has solved all bar 1 little side quest.Inventory slots are very limited and with no player housing to store all your loot you end up having to make some tough decisions on what stays and what goes as well as what crafting skills you will follow.Personally I have not bothered purchasing crowns and my game play has not been hindered at all  so all in all this is a good game well worth getting.28/4/15 *******after last nights update I have mages disappearing into walls where my weapons can't touch them but they can cast spells at me and the game forgetting quests completed....why do they have to create new bugs lol"
76561198031692200,Recommended,306130,21850943,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,[ ß ] Mr Wono,One of the best MMOs I've ever played! I'll recommend it to everyone who loves Elder Scrolls series and MMOs. For The Pact!
,Recommended,306130,16872443,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Pebbleman54,Just started playing this game and Im already 50 hours in. I can see that I will be putting alot more hours on here.  Great game especially when you are playing with friends.
76561198027775380,Recommended,306130,16769751,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,acdeep,Great game! Love it!
76561198040147767,Recommended,306130,16743041,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Hasbino5,"Make sure you get into a group or have some friends to play it with you. Otherwise, it wouldn't be as fun as it would be without them. Great game."
,Recommended,306130,31252676,Posted: 20 April,all,Outsport,I started playing this game a few years ago but put it down once there was no DLC or incentive besides PvP. It's refreshing to come back to a revamped and updated game. The quality of life improvements themselves have provided optimistic adventuring.ProsPriceGameplayGraphicsHigh PopulationFeels and plays like Elder Scrolls series.ESO Plus will provide you will all DLC and many more benefits for $15/monthlyNot heavily influenced by cash shop such as games like Rift.ConsNone so far.. But we'll see as more playtime gets punched in.
,Recommended,306130,29941284,Posted: 15 February,all,Freddy,Works perfect. No Errors etc. Looks like i got lucky :D
76561197994270693,Recommended,306130,29937686,Posted: 15 February,all,pepperoni_waistline,incredible.
76561198054184463,Recommended,306130,27816139,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ƊƦЄƛƊƧƳ,"I have to say i was pleased with how they took the Elder Scrolls games and game it an MMO twist. Sure its not an MMO version of Skyrim which a lot of people were hoping for, but then again its not called Skyrim online. I have only played the game for a few hours (11.5 at this time) i can't see myself getting bored of the game any time soon. Although there are ""meta"" builds for each race/class it doesn't mean you have to use them to have fun. Take the Nord for example, based on race passives they should typically used for tanks, but if you wanna build one a dual weilding assassin or a mage, there is nothing stopping you."
,Recommended,306130,15425083,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Solus,Great game! give more then 20 hours an you will enjoy :)
,Recommended,306130,27827103,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LaserLama,"Killed 100 NPCs and took their sh*t. Now, no npc wants to talk to me, so I'll have to wait 4 to 7 days offline, while my bounty will decrease. 100 dead savants out of 10."
,Recommended,306130,28087937,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,BOWIE KNIFE,Fun
,Recommended,306130,28089859,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,amosahi,very nice game <3
76561198083096943,Recommended,306130,15406054,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Agent Cookie,Wonderful game.. Epic nice graphic for this big game in any of many cities and in free world of TESO..Really nice coo. game  of cyrodil when most people can fight like in real war where each one can be who wants of every race.. :) now this game is buy and play unlimited this make this game awesome!! For All!!
76561198057076378,Recommended,306130,15426327,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Bmvs99,"Not quite Skyrim Online, but it tries its best to be a great game, which it is!!"
,Recommended,306130,25815677,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Will (Sion),"The Elder Scrolls Online has made leaps and bounds in these past few months. I loved every minuite of this game. It has an extensive crafting system, enjoyable and immersive quests and a fantastic PVP and multiplayer system.Depending on what race you pick will deicde where you begin in this game and having tried each race I have found that where you arrive can be anyhere from the Sumemrset Isles to Morrowind which was a nostalgia burst to explore once again. If I had any complaints it would be the face you don't get much dialouge options or choices but sometimes they are there so I can't complain too much.Overall, if you're an MMO fan or a singleplayer Elder Scrolls fan you can enjoy this game in any way you want. Highly reccomended. Don't listen to Angry Joe....ESO has improved vastly!"
76561198085333117,Recommended,306130,26717778,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Cubs,"The games is great, its just not skyrim online. People walk into this game thinking it will be like skyrim but with my friends and this is why people give this game negative reviews. Its a great mmo (a cheaper alternative to WoW in my opinion). So if you cant afford to pay 15 bucks a month for WoW this is a great mmo to pick up."
76561198061542517,Recommended,306130,15420531,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Brian Griffin,"Well if you like MMO games, definetly worth a buy. Graphics are amazing, quests are fun, it aint boring. Every quest a new story. I did not played a lot yet, but im going to for sure!"
76561198266457142,Recommended,306130,27552955,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ttwwiinnss csgolive.com,"Lady asks me to find dead loverdead lover never loved hertell her he liedmind my own business for 20 minsfind lover lady as ghost, says it was too painful to keep livingcry inside a little10/10"
,Recommended,306130,33535429,Posted: 14 July,all,Lil Uzi Vert,"Teso a good game for the collective gameplay, a large open world, a variety of locations and a smooth transition between them. Minus it is that there is no such atmosphere in it as in skyrim, there is good graphics - but it is too multi-graphic, unlike the excellent severe graphics from skyrim. The game liked the fact that constantly with each update the game is improved from a raw product to something more productive"
,Recommended,306130,28152242,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,y4 oof,"Exteremely good game. Please note that the game is a bit different from Elder Scrolls Skyrim, and the gameplay is not the same. Community is strong and not cancer yet."
,Recommended,306130,25194512,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,SpaceGecko,"Well the game has a ""deep"" plot and the combat is really cool. Once you go to a dungeon you really feel the change of everything. It has a colorfull world with many places to visit and admire. But it will take a while to get the character you want, or need. But all i say is, hop on and enjoy this magical journey throughout Tamriel. I give this game a perfect score of 5/7."
,Recommended,306130,23878945,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Moldy Voldy,"Came online, spent 15 hours on in one sitting. Six of those hours were spent running around aimlessly, a further 4 were dying of laughter to emotes, including some naked, dancing strippers on a grave. At least the Queen got a good show while we serenaded her. I guess the other 5 were spent doing quests and sheeit. You know, what you're meant to do. 5/7 Would recommend."
,Recommended,306130,24819793,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,FunkySpengler,"I have played this before on Xbox One and loved it. I'm not big into PvP or endgame. I loved the story and enjoyed solo questing. I recently picked this up on sale now that I have a PC that can run it. It has been enjoyable to start in another faction, on another class, and choosing a different weapon, I don't mind doing everything over again.Downside for me will be rebuying the DLC expansions again.Overall, I can easily recommend this for some fun."
,Recommended,306130,24970592,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Haydenmango,"The main story alone makes this game worth playing but there is also awesome 1v1v1 faction war PvP, dungeons and trials for group PvE, and some DLCs that contain good single player PvE/PvP experiences.My favorite part of the game is the faction warfare in Cyrodiil.  The dynamic keep capturing gameplay makes PvP a consistent battle that is neverending unlike most MMOS using battleground-esque PvP.There are fps/latency issues that happen when too many characters/effects are close together and it can get realllllly bad, like 5 fps and/or 500+ latency bad depending on your hardware and the amount of stuff going on, so expect to get disconnected occasionally when there are a lot of people playing. You've been warned!!Overall, I really like this game and would recommend it even though the occasional latency/fps issues are frustrating.  I've played at least 400-500 hours of this game with steam offline."
,Recommended,306130,25255131,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Creator Of The Multiverse,"Great game! Combat is fun, quests are interesting, it's multiplayer, no subscription, and the microtransactions in the game don't feel to intrusive. I would deffentetly reomend it in it's curent state espetualy if you have a friend or two who also have the game.P.S. For some reason steam has not been counting my hours properly in this game I have about 8ish hours at the time of righting this."
76561197965030324,Recommended,306130,14943632,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Kim Jong Pwn,"Played the beta, found the game aweful, and I didn't find it worth a subscription fee however all of the annoyances got fixed and the subscription dropped. Now I am absolutely IN LOVE with this game, enough so that I even find it worth a subscription now. It no longer feels like a rip-off from any other MMO like it did before. Right now I truly feel like I am playing an Elder Scrolls game with friends from all over the world!"
76561198107152256,Recommended,306130,16453199,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ultimate_Exquisition,"Dear MMO & Elder Scrolls fans,I fell in love with The Elder Scrolls from the beginning I started playing. My first Elder Scrolls game was Skyrim. I played it for hours and hours.When I heard about Elder Scrolls Online, I immediately wanted to buy the game, but a lot of very bad reviews made me decide not to buy the game. But even though I read about all those bad reviews, I still kept following news about ESO through Steam, Facebook, and the official ESO website.As soon as I learned ESO got a mayor upgrade and became ESO - Tamriel Unlimited, I also noticed the bad reviews becomming less and more and more good reviews started to appear. A few weeks ago I could not longer hold my curiosity about the game in check and just bought it anyways. Now, I regret that I did not buy it a lot sooner, because the game is INCREDEBLY COOL :)Everything is great about the game, from the graphics, to the storyline, to the easyness of the UI and controlls. This game is very exciting even when playing as a single player, just following quest after quest and getting completely lost in its vast storyline. But also the Massive Multiplayer fights are super cool.--------------------My Positives:--------------------++++ Storyline (singleplayer is superb, but also grouping and playing with friends in quests is excellent)++++ Graphics (I play at ultra high and my screen becomes a dream where I control everyting)++++ Crafting (you really have to craft and use the crafts to get better at it)+++ Character Creation (lots of ways to create diffrent races and looks)++ Gear painting  (not many colours to paint your armour, or maybe I just did not unlock enough colours yet)++++ MMO (in Cyrodil you can fight in massive multiplayer fights for your allegiance)++++ Guilds (easy to create your own guild and extend your guild from a few ranks to a real lot of ranks. You can even give your own names to diffrent ranks)--------------------My Negatives:--------------------* There are NO negatives to find in this game :P------------------------------------------------------------ESO versus Skyrim and the previous Elder Scrolls Games------------------------------------------------------------For those Elder Scrolls fans who stated that ESO has not the feeling Skyrim has and who said that it did not play as good as Skyrim did, you are very wrong! At least after the big upgrade and ESO became ESOTU. This game has a lot more then Skyrim had. ESOTU is a finetuned version of Skyrim where all the good things from Skyrim became better. In Skyrim I never played with a sword and never invested my skillpoints in stamina. But now in ESOTU you can use both magic and stamina based weapons and spells at the same time :) So now I have to invest in EVERYTHING :pSo my dear review readers, I hope my review made you convince to buy this game and become as fascinated by ESOTU as I am.Yours Truly,Tommy"
76561198170732430,Recommended,306130,29790618,Posted: 8 February,all,Club Sandwich,"This game is fun, but its kinda ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous in the sense that i bought it and downloaded 50gbs and then two days later i had another 25gb patch to download. Like what in the actual ♥♥♥♥..."
,Recommended,306130,23493990,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Nomad,This is the best MMO I've played since early WoW.8.5/10
76561198024128006,Recommended,306130,31213950,Posted: 18 April,all,HairyBeefCatcher,"I wasn't expecting this to be any good after a few friends tried it at launch and hated it. However, after playing it on the free weekend I ended up paying for the gold edition and have no regrets.The game is absolutly fantastic!"
76561198086660115,Recommended,306130,29928366,Posted: 14 February,all,Germbog,I am new to MMO's but this seems fun
,Recommended,306130,20058762,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,☀Synestra☀,"ESO is great and all and I love the PvE but It gets tiring after a while with the game constantly crashing.Character Creation? Crash. Enter a Dungeon? Crash. Epic fight? Crash. I've tried a few of the recommended ideas online to help with the crashes but unfortunately it hasn't really helped me. I think when the game becomes more bug free and more stable, I'll definitely be coming back to play it. (I've been playing it a lot longer than the 2.8 hours it says on Steam.)"
76561198061991958,Recommended,306130,29807561,Posted: 9 February,all,xXx_mtv_xXx,"- get some amazing weapons and gear for your noob level- level up a bit to see your amazing weapons and gear turn to trash- start grinding to max rank to get max rank drops- get bored halfway- run around teabagging random weebs while taking selfies- buy some crown crates, get utter junk and rage-quit 10/10"
,Recommended,306130,28926092,Posted: 1 January,all,Irion7,I love this game there is so much content
,Recommended,306130,15049030,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Physh,"Definitely not the ESO from launch. There are still some bugs that require a reset/reloadui, but all in all its a blast of an MMO. Its a multiplayer TES game, what else could you expect? Excuse, have to go back to leveling my lizard that rides a lizard and has a pet lizard."
76561197966366314,Recommended,306130,24046570,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Insanitor,"A really great game overall, with some stunning graphics, fully voiced and interresting quests and overall great combat.However, saying the game have ""NO SUBSCRIPTION REQUIRED"" is only partially true. If you want to enjoy all the game have to offer, you'll need to either Subscribe or purchase the new content through the ingame microtransaction shop, as they aren't avaliable through steam for some reason."
,Recommended,306130,29792664,Posted: 8 February,all,firemaster994,"I know it only says I have 1.8 hours on this game, but in reality I have over 90 hours due to me using the client not through steam. It is an mmo that can be played single player, and the community is usually great. Crafting is very complex but fun, and quests are very well written. It may not be a traditional elder scrolls game, but it is a great mmo."
,Recommended,306130,15496205,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,mmulh98,"Okay, so this game previously got an awful rep before it went free. So I want to tell you that THIS GAME HAS CHANGED. It is no longer that awful game that ripped you off and all you got was mediocre gameplay. I love this game. It is not pay to win like most MMO's are. To be honest, I dont really notice the MMO aspects of the game all that much. It does a fantastic job of having those single player elements like skyrim had. I also think that they upgraded the combat in this game. I have more fun with the combat in this game then I ever did in Skyrim.So in conclusion, BUY THIS GAME. You wont waste your money $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$"
76561198118176654,Recommended,306130,21940130,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,hi5 sword,makes all other mmos look bad
,Recommended,306130,18776130,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Bree,"I was at first hesitant to get this game because of the negative reviews I read and heard. It seemed most were upset that it's not just like the other Elder Scrolls games, and it does suck it's not exactly the same.But I still find The Elder Scrolls Online to be highly enjoyable. If I weren't playing it exclusively with my girlfriend whom games less than me, I would be obsessively playing it.The quests are like the usual but with a twist that makes them more unique. They have characters that I actually want to help. Maybe it's the fact they're fully voiced, but the characters feel more real to me and I like that some quests have the choices to have a character live or die. And if you get sick of quests there's other places to explore.Crafting is actually fun. I love cooking.The world itself also feels more immersive because you can interact with it, Being able to enter most buildings, search through dressers and crates.. In most MMO's you can barely interact with the environment.There's so much more to be said, but it will take too long. If you're expecting something like Skyrim, then don't buy it because you'll most likely be disappointed. If you look at this as an MMO with Elder Scrolls mixed in, and you watch gameplay videos and it looks enjoyable to you, then you should get it. It's a very, very gorgeous game that's more immersive than most MMOs."
,Recommended,306130,22064151,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Bully,You should be able to purchase crowns through the steam marketplace instead of going to the ESO website
,Recommended,306130,33303305,Posted: 6 July,all,Tom Platz of Abs,"ESO is great, plays pretty much like the single player Elder Scrolls games like Skyrim.The game has changed heaps since it first released, making it feel less like an MMO and more like a Scrolls game, just with other players around. You can now steal things, kill guards/npcs and get bounties for example.Exploring Morrowind has been a blast, lots of nostalgia! Every single quest is voice acted which brings the game alive and really immerses you in Vvardenfell10/10 for the soundtrack alone"
,Recommended,306130,15064179,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,diegoramosanthony,"From the moment I started playing this game, I was totally and completely engaged, I had played WoW, Wildstar, etc. but this game just feels epic, in other MMO's you need that you have to follow the quest line forcefully while in this game you can go and explore all map getting side quests all the time, skyshards, time just flies when you play this, 10/10"
76561197962699252,Recommended,306130,15130320,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,p0i50n,"This game has come so far since the alpha/beta when I first tried it. I never bought it when it came out but I'm glad I have it now to play. The buy and no sub option is great for when you're not feeling like paying a monthly sub and their monthly system doesn't make it feel like a 100% necessity like other no monthly games. Give it a shot, if you like elder scrolls you'll love this."
76561198082170794,Recommended,306130,15143116,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,savioeven,this game is good!!!!
,Recommended,306130,15164598,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,TheShitter,"In ESO you get part of the Skyrim feel combined with the fun of World of Warcraft. I'm not heavily into mmorpgs, becauseI find that most have very repetitive quests and grinding gets boring. In ESO all the quests are pretty unique and different. The Tamerial Unlimited update made the game worth the price and added some much needed features that make getting loot and leveling up easier."
,Recommended,306130,15197477,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Anal Guardian Lux,"i HIGHLY reccomend this game. alot of the♥♥♥♥♥♥reviews and promblems that people complained about this game have been fixed. and now that there is no subscriptions to pay for to play i would say YES buy this game and enjoy hours upon hours of amazing story, thrilling PVP and questing with friends. it might not FEEL like Skyrim but it has the same soul. i know people are like ITS NOT LIKE SKYRIM BLAH BLAH, but if you truely love the elder scrolls series and its lore i reccomend you pruchase this game. plus more updates means more fun! just give it a chance and i PROMISE you i GIVE YOU MY WORD you will not regret it if you want a great MMORPG thats not a top down clicker like WoW."
,Recommended,306130,15643850,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,YakPrince,"Bought the game about week before membership wasn't required, haven't stopped playing since!"
,Recommended,306130,15063604,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Bauks,"The Epicness is getting close to unbeatable.....Everyone will find something to nit pick, but overall a great game after they made it subscribtion free :) Thanks Zenimax :)"
,Recommended,306130,15126171,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,OnlyxRain,"Okay so after 12 hours of playing this game It has occured to me that this game can be quite addictive due to the lore, the combat system, and even the graphics give quite the good element to the immersion, the only thing I have to say is to buy the 'Imperial Edition' so that you can have the game the way it is actually meant to be played. The comunity is very good and can be quite helpful in game and the mix of the non mmo Elderscrolls with the MMO elements of this game work very well together and all in all the game feels quite solid."
,Recommended,306130,15131563,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,White Zero,"The bugs are real, and can very quickly pull you away from the immersion of running around Tamriel. Best questing system I've seen in an MMO (none of the kill 25 monsters, and come turn it in ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t), with an epic PvP system to boot. Impressively deep crafting system. B2P handled very well; cosmetic fluff available only. If you're looking at getting this, I'd take the plunge."
,Recommended,306130,15142222,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Britalian,Just another amazing Elder Scrolls game...
,Recommended,306130,15114060,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,yell0wdart,"Great game with tons to do and learn about. Questing is engaging and less tedious than other MMOs. The graphics are great and the game seems really stable. Seems to have a pretty active community and pretty high population. I have no experience before the developer released Ultimate in March 2015, but post-Ultimate, it's been a great game. Highly recommended if you're looking to sink your teeth into a new MMO."
,Recommended,306130,15130725,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,kalubfowler,Absolutely love this game. I love how they mixed Elder Scrolls with traditional MMORPG ideas.
76561198161446968,Recommended,306130,15175066,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Pigs for Pogo,"holy♥♥♥♥♥♥i love this game. The music is amazing and adds to the feel. the story is just as the others, the scenery is breathtaking, and combat is good. 11/10.  sure, it gets a little boring at times, but a day later its good as new. make that a month later. Yet i rest my case that this game is amazing."
76561198090250845,Recommended,306130,15209689,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Words,"every bad review about this game was before it was $15 a month... now that it is just $60, this game is honestly amazing im totally drawn into it. If you are a true elder scrolls fan youll put your ego in your♥♥♥♥♥and enjoy the game."
76561198042260899,Recommended,306130,15621248,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Dovah,"Got ESO on sale for 50% off when every1 was bashing it; needless to say it was a good investment (tho not until it went buy to play). Dont be deterred by the amount of time i have played, as i use a different launcher which leads Steam to only count the time im downloading patches.Personally ESO is in my opinion the funnest leveling experience ive ever had in a mmo. However this is mostly due to the fact that i listen to ALL of the dialogue. This may seem obvious, but i was very surprised to see that many ppl just seem to skip everything, which i find ridiculous because Bethesda got some serious talent behind the npcs u see on-screen."
,Recommended,306130,15624438,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Bread,Its not♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore.-Bread ©
,Recommended,306130,15045481,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Petrzsd,"wow this game really great , must buy"
76561198027292698,Recommended,306130,15053791,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,The Gnarl You Know,Played the beta... Hated it. I recently picked it up because they dropped the subscription fee. It is no longer an MMO skined with Elder Scrolls stuff. After hefty updates to combat and skills this is the MMO a game with Elder Scrolls in the title deserves.
,Recommended,306130,15130817,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,zea,"I've been playing this from the beginning and have been able to watch it evolve. Though the gameplay was fun and the stories/writing kept me engaged, it launched with some flaws that needed to be addressed. I can say that now, throughout the updates over the last year, this has become one special game. I have logged MANY hours and still have so much more to do. I highly recommended it and can't wait for future content as well. I can now easily say that this is the best MMO I've ever played."
,Recommended,306130,15155650,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Griffindor,"I went into this game with a wary mindset. Hearing terrible things can do this. Yet, when I began to play I found myself immersed in an MMO quite unlike the handful I had played before. While some MMOs require grinding in many skill areas (i.e. runescape) this is not what i have experienced with The Elder Scrolls Online. While you do grind quests, I do not find myself running around killing every enemy in sight for the experience, nor do I find myself performing the same task over and over for hours on end to gain a few levels. The gameplay is quite enjoyable and different from previous Elder Scrolls games, using an ability-based skill sytem instead of the tiring combat I found in Skyrim (though I did enjoy getting creative in TES:V).As far as the graphics go I am amazed at the awe-inspiring graphics for a game this size. Though I suspect the large download size has much to do with it, it is nonetheless a positive aspect of the game.Performance wise the game has crashed several times due to what I assume to be connection issues (I live on a college campus so this is not unexpected), but they do not take away from the game. It runs smoothly, the framerate staying within a range of 10-15 fps away from 60 on high and ultra setting graphics (Though your experience may vary). I have not spent nearly as much time on this game as I plan to and only recently purchased it but I am highly satisifed with what I have experienced. For $60 this game offers hours of enthralling gameplay and what I hope to be a high replay value."
,Recommended,306130,21132574,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,The Reverend,This game ruined my social life for months on end...  5 Stars.
,Recommended,306130,16004538,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Kalves,It's like Skyrim with guns except no guns 8/9 ign
,Recommended,306130,26665063,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Zionica,"Really enjoying this game. Tried it out for a hour on the free weekend and ended up buying it on sale. Was worth it for me. I was apprehensive to play it due to some negative comments I have heard in the past, and while I can see how they might not have enjoyed it, I love it. Take advantage of the free couple days and give it a shot. It just might be something you will enjoy. :D Plus if you like it, and buy it for about $10 on sale right now, then you also get 500 Crowns. That's enough to get a starter pack and get a bunch of goodies including a pet and mount!"
76561198081709216,Recommended,306130,21029029,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA,Great game not too addicting but keeps you comming back for more every day.  Just buy the DLC on the initial purchase its worth it gives you tons of perks and in game funds.Upsides:-Great open map-Tons of quests-Fun for solo or party-Lots of content-So many skill trees-Even more skill trees-All the crafting-Non-toxic people (atleast so far that I've met)Downsides:I DIDNT BUY THE DLC OR WAIT FOR THE GAME TO BE ON SALE ;-;10/10 would swallow a live frog and have a lucid journey with a talking tree and his animal friends
76561198187436970,Recommended,306130,24023418,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SoapSudz,"My favorite MMORPG so far. Maps are huge and colorful. Tons of missions. Nice fan base. Usually hate buying DLC; for this game I don't mind, wouldn't want the fun to end."
76561198037956507,Recommended,306130,24010373,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[Insert Name Here],"I got this game 3 days ago... 30hrs of play time ... pls send helpIf this game is on sale, I highly reccomend you pick it up, there is hundreds of hours of potential here, the quests so far have all been varied and interesting, the lack of specific classes as with all elder scrolls games is great as usual, giving you the chance to build any character you want (dark magic assassin, healer tank, heavy armoured summoner archer etc). The abilities are also very well thought out, and can be morphed changing their functionality slightly meaning you can make certain skills synergise very well together, and everything scales so you dont have to stop using your favourite skills because they constantly get more powerful as you progress. The map is very well developed, and you literally can just pick a direction and run and you will come across something interesting in minutes, and there is lots to find (runestones, alchemy ingredients, metal ores, treasure chests etc) so there is always something to be looking for.Apparently this game was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥at launch, but idk, I didn't play it back then, all I know is that through a lot of updates, the removal of a forced subscription and many other changes this is now a fantastic game, and pretty much the only MMO I've ever played to keep my attention for more than about 15 hours.Downsides:When I first tried to log in, I kept getting error messages that changed every time I tried to log in, but after about 15 minutes these stopped, and I had to get a verification email to play on my PC. This happened on my second day playing as well, but the errors only prevented me from logging in for about 2 minutes. However this seems to have cleared itself up too, as it hasn't happened since.Not really any gameplay downsides, it is a bethesda game after all :D"
76561198117817148,Recommended,306130,33121074,Posted: 2 July,all,Takamine,"I spent way too many hours playing this game; graphics are great and pretty decent combat mechanics. There are myriads of quests and I kid you not, I'm not even near to finishing them all albeit after 800+hours into it.Dedication and patience are definitely keys to being successful baron in this game, be sure to choose your role and focus on it and to also be sure to explore different combos and plays style to suit the individual. I'd recommend trying to upgrade backpacks as early in the game as possible, it does get pretty in-game gold expensive at late game. You can definitely spend real moolah to get upgrades but you can also not having to spend a cent to be decent players. Players community in the game generally friendly and willing to help you out if you're new, so don't be afraid to ask for help when you need one. You may get the occasional ""Kicked-out"" of public dungeon if you're under levelled to join group PVE, but very very rarely.PVE is so much fun, the only thing I didn't like about it is when you fast travel; it takes awhile to get anywhere. But it could also be the fault of my PC or my network connection. PVP can be brutal if you don't know builds, so be sure to read forums prior to learn mechanics you won't get melted in two seconds by other players. I do recommend checking out Deltia's ESO game guide for builds. I probably read more of build guides from his website than my entire life so far reading books.You can play this game at a slow pace or again, spend real money to speed up your levelling via purchasing in game ""helpers""/subscription to boost players. Not a pay to win, but definitely pay for convenience.Overall:Graphics - 8/10Gameplay - 8/10Soundtrack - 8/10Pay for convenience - 6/10Community/Support - 8/10"
76561198343315770,Recommended,306130,26730261,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Grog,"Possesses an extraordinary amount of content and the recent subscription removal has also improved the player base, all in all combat is satisfying all be it a bit repetative in the early game."
,Recommended,306130,26672760,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,shibe,"best purchase ive made so far. open world rpg with so many different options to chose from, best part of all that its not buy to win.]"
,Recommended,306130,29915367,Posted: 13 February,all,★Reza Pito★,Best MMORPG in the world's .if u did not play ESO as MMORPG player just go and die. u should not call yourself a gamer .10/10
,Recommended,306130,20345789,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,CUBE,"Let me start this review by saying that this is not Skyrim 2.0 Online. No, there aren't any dragons that can be shouted at. My review after 100 hours of gameplay:Pros:Beautiful looking worldLots of questsLots of craftingLots of possible builds (no holy 3 class trinity)No P2W (except maybe for the Imperial racial all microtransactions are cosmetic)Scaling DungeonsSeperate PVP zoneUpdates on a regular basisCons:Poor standard UI (can be solved with addons though)No traditional Auctionhouse (there are guildmarkets however)Beefy download (80gb+)Some bugs (freeze/crash during loading)Verdict:8/10"
,Recommended,306130,17730205,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Chaseti78,I really critized this game after playing the open beta long ago but now i can stop playing. But i don't reccomend it if you think your gonna like it just because you liked skyrim its not very simular.
76561198030755664,Recommended,306130,19917371,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,JULIANOS,"I played WoW for a couple of years. I love MMORPGs, the feeling of adventures, playing with others. After quitting I played open world games like Skyrim for compensation. I was stunned by the story of ESO which I never heard of before (never heard of Morrowind, Daggerfall, Oblivion). TESO - Elder Scrolls Online, was a little bit the best of the best for me. And I am not disappointed:- A huge, open world- Amazing graphics- Good spell animations- Interesting story lines- Good and different quest types (no collect X of Y quests)- An acceptable amount of players- No abonnement (!)You can chose your alliance, your race, your class. But without having problems of chosing the wrong: Be flexible and wear heavy armor with a mage. Become a healer not by chosing one, become a healer by chosing mage and use healing scepters. You change your mind? No problem: Just stop using healing scepters, start using destruction scepters. Or swords. Or whatever you want.Negative points:- You level extremely fast (good for students without much time, not good for bored pupils wich much time)- The amoung of gold you get for quests etc. is way too less for some items. You have to trade with higher players.- Sometimes the landscape seems to be a little bit boring (in general not)- High Elves are highly boring: Their architecture is as stunning as hot air."
,Recommended,306130,17671731,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Discoconut,"TL;DR: This is a fantastic MMO, and with the monthly subscription gone, I would HIGHLY recommend it to all my friends and fellow online gamers.-----Absolutely love this MMORPG. I've made some solid friends, the community isn't the toxic environment you're used to finding in most massively multiplayer games. The controls and quest system are easy to pick up on, making this a good first MMO--though the amount of content makes this game worth any seasoned player's time as well. The world is full of life, the dialog is spot on and what you would expect of an Elder Scrolls game. While a lot of people would have preferred a combat and stealth system closer to it's single player counterpart, Skyrim, I don't feel it's lacking in charm or fun.While I may not be a fan of microtransactions within games, I do feel the ""Crown"" currency is fair in what you are able to get in return--should you be concerned with aesthetics. That being said, you can fully enjoy every bit of this game without having to spend more than what you pay for the game itself, and that's definitely saying something.Each update and patch to this game, while time consuming to apply, has been worth it. The new content they've added has made the continued play and replayablility remarkable.I could very easily continue rambling on about the depth this game takes with the lore, the gorgeous soundtrack, or the fantastic balance of PVE/PVP, etc, but this is already becoming a lengthy review. A++"
,Recommended,306130,20144369,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,RAGE,"I bought this three days before writing this review. Having played 33 hours, not including downloading through the launcher, I regret nothing. No ragrets, not one letter."
,Recommended,306130,17682028,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Warwickzed,"I have to say, this is the best MMO that I ever play. The alliance war is really awesome and exciting. If you love PVP, this is the game. I am playing from Indonesia. Whoever has problem with latency, I suggest you to use battleping. Do not try WTFast. I used it for while, it didn't help. My normal ping is 300-400ms (My internet speed 20Mbps), battleping reduce my ping to 270-300 which is really good (at least your latency is not red)."
,Recommended,306130,20967481,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Geir,"Coming back to this game after a year and I'm super impressed.They ironed out so many bugs and quirks I couldn't deal with at launch.Most important however is the near flawless controller implementation.It's the first MMORPG where I can literally lean back and feel perfectly comfortable on the couchwith a controller. The UI changes based on your input so no need for awkward mouse-pointermoving with the analog sticks. Best in class and I wish others would emulate.Also, the game is really good and it might be my least buggy Elder Scrolls experience since Daggerfall."
76561198125874260,Recommended,306130,15470293,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Phat $tacks,"This is a really good game... after you spend 3 hours struggling to get into it. It is very fun and full of activities, but it makes the game very hard to want to play after being frustrated for such a long time. Would give the gameplay itself a definate 5 stars!"
,Recommended,306130,15440144,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Pinhead Larry,"I got it a week ago and I am at nearly 40 hours. It will be a lot more by the time you see this.This is truly Elder Scrolls. Never did I think, ""this isn't what Elder Scrolls is!"" It's got the great lore that we've all come to know and love and truly expands on it.Great quests, not boring, great lore, combat is fun and interactive, PVP is stellar.I would say I'm an MMO veteran. I've played WoW for around 6 years (not anymore), Rift, SWTOR, RuneScape, to name a few. This one is probably my favorite next to WoW. Maybe I'll come to like this one even more than WoW, as it really is that good."
76561198145698977,Recommended,306130,15444935,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,pottie1.0,"great game, will recomend to everyone how likes a good multiplayer or single player.Keep up the good work"
,Recommended,306130,34522139,Posted: 26 August,all,LethalRabbit,"This is my first ES-game... and it kicks some serious behinds :)Great story and fun side quests. Looks like it got it all. The way you can choose whichever race and yet build whichever class you want is a big win. You can even choose to neglect your main skill-classes and just use only guild-line and weapon skills, so that's a refreshing thing for me."
,Recommended,306130,31121157,Posted: 13 April,all,mckoppa111,"Takes too much time to get to end game, but otherwise good."
76561198052343169,Recommended,306130,29683754,Posted: 3 February,all,BrightGirl,"I am going to keep this simple.  Great game.  Great fun.  Buy it, you will not regret it."
76561198025801710,Not Recommended,306130,31380779,Posted: 26 April,all,Rickz,"Honestly, it's by far not the worst game or MMO in the world. It's fun in many aspects, and I wouldn't have played for hundreds of hours if it wasn't. But ultimately, the truth creeps in and you take a step back, only to see that everything you do in this game is pointless.First is the level scaling. Basically, the difference between a level 1 player and a maxed out one is skills (which you must buy with points gained through leveling), and a few points into health, stamina or magic. At end game, you can pump some points into overall damage output/resistance and an assortment of other boosts, but at your core, everybody is the same. This makes for some very anticlimactic progression, as you never really feel weak or strong, youre always in the middle. Did I mention that as soon as you level, your equipment scales down? So all of a sudden, unless you find some updated gear, you're in fact WEAKER.What?!Enemies are all the same. Skeletons, bandits, thunderbugs, who cares? They are all the exact same difficulty no matter where in the world you're located or what level you are, save for a few mini bosses and ridiculous super bosses. There's no strategy to PvE mobs outside of dungeons, and no matter how interesting a questline could be, it always boils down to ""Help there's ""insert enemy here"" attacking! Please drive them off with no difficulty whatsoever."" Seriously PvE is so easy and mindless, besides the story there's no point to it.Equipment! There's a ****ton of it. And you'll be sweapping gear out every 5 minutes. Remember in Morrowind/Oblivion/Skyrim, when you'd stumble across an AWESOME new sword that was way better than the iron garbage you had before, and then you'd never go back? Well this is not like that. Found a new weapon? Whoop-dee-doo. Add it to the stack of 30 brandless weapons and break em all up into parts. There is no thrill to finding new, better gear, as not only will it all drop into your lap eventually, but there is just so, so much of it. Your inventory will fill up so quickly with worthless stuff you'll think you were playing Diablo III.I got this game on sale, and it was worth every penny for sure. It was fun for a while and kept me entertained. But I value a game at how it leaves me feeling after I'm finished, and although you can't really ""finish"" an MMO, it didn't hold my attention for long once I figured out the formula. If you're expecting an Elder Scrolls game, stay away. If you're expecting an action MMO with some cool combat mechanics but a myriad of other flaws (level scaling I'm lookin at you), then give it a go."
,Recommended,306130,17828940,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Basic Bro,A must have game!
,Recommended,306130,15704745,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,I Boof PBR's,Played the Beta and it was terrible. Love the game now that it is f2p! The game is not buggy any more and pretty much fulfilled everything that I was looking for in an Elder Scrolls MMO game. TONS of area to explore. And for once there's an MMO that it is hard to get to max level in! I've grown tired of MMO's that are mostly based on the max level gameplay.
76561198060776215,Recommended,306130,16729909,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Priganice,went to jail 13/10
,Recommended,306130,18167431,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Low HP Hatecraft,"Well I have played this game for about 70 hours. My main character has only reached lvl 28. Not sure about the PVP, but if you want to enjoy decent stories with a group of friends, this is the game. ESO has a very good story and background lores, which is consistent with the entire Elder Scroll series. I am no hardcore TES fan but I have played skyrim for 1k+ hours without modding the game mainly because I wanted to explore the story and lore contents to the fullest extent. Some hardcore TES fans are disappointed with ESO for whatever reasons. I think the story is not disappointing. Characters (races, cultures, accents etc not actual individual character) I loved from Skyrim are still here with very interesting plotlines that are subtly connected to the previous games.Of course, I am not sure whether I will enjoy the end game contents and large scale PVP though. I didn't enjoy those aspects in GW2 or WoW so I guess this game sort of suits my interests and its mmo-ness is only serving my desire to play co-opting with other people in progressing the story.Word of advice: If you don't like the white horse, do not buy the imperial edition. And Buy the ESO Plus at least for the first month for extra xp and some currency to buy a mount. It is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to save up for mount in early game. Gold should be all spent on bag upgrades lol."
76561198068909049,Recommended,306130,16772680,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,kanecvl,"So far I like this game and I'm a newbie to this style game.  I usually play FPS, simulation racing, and games really similar.  I havent had any problems with loading or FPS.  I game with a 3570k and a gtx 780. with everything turned up I get 45FPS and more."
76561198119817998,Recommended,306130,18007039,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,YoAlek,Good game. would rate a 7/10 because i was a little dissapointed with the pvp.
,Recommended,306130,15150354,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,YetItMoves,"This game is great. if you try to listen to the story it feels alive just like any other elder scrolls, if you dont it will be the same like any other mmo. the crafting is so fun and is actualy useful. stealing is addictive :P and feels worth the while unlike any other elder scrolls game."
,Recommended,306130,15514076,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Lionheart,Update 6 came with an entire host of updates and new systems (Champion System for starters) that have really improved the game to the point that I believe it is one of the premier MMO's currently on the market. If you have been on the fence about trying an MMO or ESO I would recommend giving it a shot.
,Recommended,306130,17248068,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,lad,this map is so huge <3
76561198066353754,Recommended,306130,15678542,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,FX10morph,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! EVERYTHING ONE WOULD WANT IN AN MMO WITH THE AWESOMENESS OF ELDER SCROLLS MIXED IN WITH IT. IT'S AN ORGY AMONGST GODS.
,Recommended,306130,16834244,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,aslaner,"This can't be a game, playing this game like a reading book. But this book not same with the others, you're inside this book and living every moments with the historical characters. There are actually a historical origin of all the races, also there is a deep meaning of every words. This game have the best story I have ever seen and the most realistic war and city life  system. Each spent 10 hours in this game you will be as a finished a book and I played approximately 100 hours and I saw only 10% of map, therefore this game contains almost unlimited books. Last week, I realized that the money I gave this game is under that deserves much and this thing was disturbed me. Therefore, I decided to buy something from Crown Store although I don't need. Maybe this story can tell what I feel :)"
,Recommended,306130,16219825,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Milk,"Pretty great so far, only a couple of hours in but it's piqued my interest. Keen to keep playing :)"
,Recommended,306130,17274338,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,xXZILETXx,Great game...big piece of art. 10/10
76561198029236755,Recommended,306130,17278201,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,DragonIroh,"So I figured I'd write a review at 100hrs.As someone coming from playing Oblivion/Skryim, and having no previous MMO experience, the learning curve was a bit annoying, but not too steep. I had to learn a lot about how an MMO works before I could enjoy the game. HOWEVER, I am now finding the game very enjoyable. I love crafting, I love exporing the world, I love reading the lore. Each quest (minus one or two, because cmon, even the writers get bored sometimes) feels impactful and has an individual story.I personally am more of a PvE than PvP person, so don't look for any help with PvP from me. My recommendation is to explore the beautiful and ♥♥♥♥ING HUGE PvE map and have fun leveling up before you delve into the morass that is PvP."
,Recommended,306130,18147141,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,J▲E PREZ™ ᖇᕮᗩᑭᕮᖇ,"Extremely fun game. One of the best Fantasy MMO's ever made probably the best but that's just coming from me. You won't find better quality in a MMO out there, but after all depends on taste and what you like.PROS:+ Great Quests+ Great Economy+ Amazing Crafting System+ Good leveling pace+ Great Graphics+ Tons of Character Variety+ Every NPC is voice acted+ Solo and Group content+ Giant Map+ No SubscriptionCONS:- Sometimes quests aren't dense enough in an area- Wood Elves have really wierd accents- Lots of horse riding in Cyrodiil- Half of Aldmeri's quests go like> help us fight this bad guy group> bad guys be like oh wait we're actually the good guys they're liars> nice plot twistOverall I'd say its an 9/10 game, this coming from a guy who LOVES The Elder Scrolls Series."
,Recommended,306130,17620981,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Ikeyasu,"a good game, even if you are new."
76561198205151752,Recommended,306130,19622392,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,GODFOD,Amazing -.-
,Recommended,306130,25024716,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Scarlette,"*UPDATED REVIEW*I found a lot of people giving some certain bad reviews and this is my 2 cents for the certain issues.Regarding crafting bag, I never bought it since I just use my bank to store those things. I just max my inventory bag and bank slots with ingame currency yet I still can do crafting without any difficulties (unless you store everything you get from the loots). Theres a mod that can show you a place where you can gather a certain things.I was there when ""one tamriel"" not existed yet and its very difficult for me to get advance in quest since the certain area is level-limited. And I had to do lots of side quest + grinding to level up in order to proceed with the other so called main quest. I still remember when I was level 10+ something when someone offer me a werewolf bite  and I had to go to him (high level area) to get bite. Right after that he just left and I cant survive at all walking from the ritual site to the nearby shrine with lots of high-level enemy within that.Thanks to ""one tamriel"", I can go anywhere that I like, and makes it easier for all players to complete the Holiday events especially, since it confined to certain area that is 'high-level area"" previously.So far, tbh, I never spent my money apart from the customization.For story, Im not a player that is into stories cuz I never bother with it. I played GW1 GW2, BnS, Rift , etc and I never bother with what the NPC saying and keep clicking the dialog fast to get over with it. I love grinding and crafting, thats why I play MMOs."
76561198142713274,Not Recommended,306130,29806055,Posted: 9 February,all,DerVammt,"I really like to play this game because it is a lot of fun and you can play together with your friends. I also like the quests and the diversity of the landscape and dungeon bosses.But I can't give this game a positive review because of some reasons:1. It is extremly over commercialized.(The crown shop pops up way too often, the DLC's are more expensive than the game, the Gold Edition only contains 4DLC's, to get access to some helpful game mechanics like the crafting bag you have to be a eso plus membe, ...)2. The support is not helpful, instead of actually reading your problems they give you what seems to be standard answersand even try to make you buy more stuff in the crown shop."
,Recommended,306130,13503224,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,kat voice actor hellcase.com,i like playing that game lol
,Recommended,306130,29833167,Posted: 10 February,all,Salty Psycho,its ok
76561198115982993,Recommended,306130,15179408,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,the universaldabber,this game is amazing never gets old
76561198237178504,Recommended,306130,31160255,Posted: 15 April,all,OptimalSword,"First of all, don't believe all those people that say this game is P2W, because it isn't.This game is B2P meaning that you buy it once, and all the content is available to you. There are DLCs and an optional subscrisption, but those are OPTIONAL. This game has a ton of content for you if you simply want to just play the Base Game.Also, the cash shop is purely cosmetic; don't let anyone tell you otherwise.This game is definitely worth the cost."
,Recommended,306130,15160372,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Bound to Pride,Great game if you have friends to play with.If not it is kind of hard when doing quests above your level.
76561198009876564,Recommended,306130,15165996,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Kit the Kat,"6 Hours in --- LOVE IT.Thank you. Damn FP mmo, crypt voice acting, I get that same feeling i got from Fallout and Oblivion with the random triggered events and quests. Yea it took forever to download but its legit. 5 stars - In my humble opinion. A well crafted game worth my hard earned money and respect.22 hours in - ESO .... is SO GOOD!!!!! Yes!33 hours- Damn this is Great!50 hours - My main is Level 20 Khajiit Templar/TANK healer--Made some other character's of different races/classes alliances for fun: well they start in a different place(opposite side of the world as my last char) so it looks like I might get a whole different story line/experience too!!! Also day and night cycles as well as weather.  :D100+ hours-- Better than Skyrim!!!!!!  This is the best Elder scrolls GAME YET."
76561198087066278,Recommended,306130,15083077,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Dante,"Ive been playing the game for awhile now, I'm not really into mmo's but with the elder scrolls kinda feel I got into the game, I think if you are looking for another mmo and not an online elder scrolls online, but an mmo with the look and feel this is your game. Everyone makes this game to be an online elder scrolls which its just a themed elder scrolls mmo, and not supposed to be elder scrolls VI."
76561198064897513,Recommended,306130,15124570,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,YourFriendlyNeighborhoodCromulon,It's much better now it's out of beta
76561198022091734,Recommended,306130,15127101,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Warlord89,"Once this game went buy to play i purchased it. I was to much of a skeptic to play the game with a subscription base. I am so happy the game has gone buy to play.First off, I feel like I am playing Skyrim, but with all new areas, quests and a huge and helpful community. Which brings be to my second topic; the community. I have had nothing but help and support since I started playing the game. Even zone chat (general/trade chat if you play WoW) isn't just cluttered with nonsense and chinese spammers. I can ask a question and get an untrolled answer.This game is for those who love Skyrim and also love adventuring. The quests feel meaningful and intelligent. I don't feel like I am grinding to max level, but instead being told a story where I progress as the chapters unfold.I dont think this game worked as a subscribe to play, because the soloing elements are alot more prevalent than group efforts, But that is ok. This is Elder Scrolls after all."
76561198039453765,Recommended,306130,15139858,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,roboman102,Still not max level...
,Recommended,306130,15708302,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Mazdafury,Can't put it down!!!
76561198022266545,Recommended,306130,15246802,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Jacko®,"Jacko Rating9/10 - Buy to Play Version ReviewWell to no one's surprise ESO's subscription model was a massive flop but they managed to turn off the greed gene and turn on the ole brain and release the BTP (buy to play) version before the game turned out to be a memory in most peoples minds.I was one of the masses that refused to buy this game and then pay per month even though I knew it woudl be an epic adventure.  Thanks to all those like me who were the direct reason ESO went BTP.The game itself is brilliant and has delivered a true adventure for those who enjoy RPGs and MMOs which this is marketed as.  Graphics are good but not great, though the environment is truely beautfiful and at some points you will stop and just gaze at the sunset or the beautiful view from the top of a mountian etc, its the layout and design more than the graphics that gives you such great moments.Audio is very well done and I love the vioce overs instead of reading text all the time.  Music is also very well done and it helps to immerse you in the game.The weaknesses are almost all to do with MMO bugs and protocols which experienced MMO game producers already know and have tweaked to perfection in their own MMO games.  As this is a first crack at the genre for an ESO game the final result is a bit below par when trying to quest as a group with your friends, especially if they are not 100% synced up to your mission progress and other little problems that become apparant when you try and play it as a traditional MMO.The best thing I can say after 100+ hours in game is that ESO will immerse you completely if you let it - Don't run through in a mad rush to get cheevos or other novelties, take your time and live each and every story to truely receive the benefits this game can give you.  If you are a bit of a solo MMO player and don't run with guilds all the time then this will really favor you.Massive maps, very nice combat that skilled players can take advantage of even when out leveled, mounts, pets and varied quests give the gameplay a very high rating and a lot of re playability in my view.Sooooo glad it went BTP so that all of us can enjoy the adventure in waiting.Fantastic - A True Adventure to be had here."
,Recommended,306130,15051421,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Lemon,"Unexpectedly fun gameplay with a lot to do and explore. Plus, it looks great. I already feel that I've got my money's worth from this game, and I recommend this to any Elder Scrolls fan whos welcoming of a more MMOish feel. It's definately not entirely an Elder Scrolls game, but it does take a lot from the series and gives the feel of one."
,Recommended,306130,15055601,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Padawelts,"I played in the Beta and the game was horrible, enemies were way too tough (looking at you Doshia), animations were lacking, the races to the chests and quest objectives were annoying. With the $15 subscription the game was not worth it at all. You might be looking at the steam reviews (if they are still this way, otherwise ignore this bit) ""why is it mixed?"" most people reviewed the game before it went B2P. Skip to the bottom for a shorter reviewI'd like to change my original thoughts of the game from ""Garbage"" to ""Pretty Good."" The game is still missing some things, it's fun to play if you're a TES fan and the B2P makes it worth it to play. I'll list things below and what I like and disliked while playing.COMBAT+ Animations are fluid and don't give the same ""rubbing"" feeling like in the Beta, my character and enemies reacted to hits.+ skills worked well together and combat was efficient, Ex. if an enemy charges an attack I can block or interrupt or roll out of the way then smack them around with weapons/skills+ Enemies are challenging but not too easy or too difficult- animations get kinda wonky sometimes, especially in first person. I'd recommend third personSTORY/QUESTS+ Quests are varried and interesting+ Interesting dialogue, you're gonna skip through quests quickly and have no idea what's going on if you spam through dialogue so I'd suggest against it the first time around.+ The game forces you to take your time with storylines (Main, Fighter's, Mage's)- a little too many runner quests but not a huge amount.GRAPHICS+ NPCs and Characters look really nice, much better than Skyrim IMHO. humanoid races are a little meh compared to Argonian and Khajiit though+ game is really pretty, hanging around Morrowind or Summerset Isles is beautiful.+ textures look pretty nice for an MMO to some they can be kinda low quality.- armors look a little too similar.INTERACTIONS/PVP+ I never once felt like anyone else was important, to me they were just random adventurers or people who were helping me do a quest. They'd come in, help and then run off and never see them again+ Most players have very TES style names. I didn't see a lot of ""XxV3NG3NC3xX"" players.+Players are very friendly and will answer any questions or help if you ask them.+ PvP is really fun but you need a good build else you'll get stomped.- at times there a little too many people in one place but that's what you get with an MMO- more fun with friendsOVERALL+ Great gameplay+ Rewarding quests+ Player interactions are enjoyable+ good graphic fidelity- more fun with friends- doesn't give quite the same feeling as other TES games.Overall, if you're a big TES fan and like or don't mind the MMO format you should definitly give it a shot, if you're on the fence wait for a steam sale if they have one. If you're not into MMO style games or like to play singleplayer more and have no one to play with I'd probably say pass.7.5/10""Room for Improvement"""
,Recommended,306130,26650504,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Drunk Dragon,I really like this game. I wen t in with an open mind and was impressed.
,Recommended,306130,25399294,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ebichu,"Well, I like it"
76561198205925580,Recommended,306130,15037225,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,mpandu.nky,Great game. Combat's been improved so it feels satisfying. Crafting is easy and robust. The justice system adds a lot of dynamics. Tamriel Unlimited is a major improvement over the previous version.
76561197981401216,Recommended,306130,15035196,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Level 3 mage,"i played this game in the beta, and i was very dissapointed. i've played WoW for 6 years and i must say: Tamriel unlimited is worth the wait! the game is perfect now and nothing like the first impressions the release has made on most people. The game is super and worth the cost. 10/10"
,Recommended,306130,23345790,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,NotVeryGoodAtAll,"I'm not good at reviewing, so don't take my word, but here's my review on TESO: TU.Pros.1. It's mostly free to play after you buy the game.2. It gives a good sense of Skyrim, Morrowind, Oblivion, and all in between, mixed into the MMORPG Genre.3. It gives hope to those who wanted a multiplayer version of Skyrim, (and some of Oblivion.)4. It mixes well with the other games in the MMORPG genre, being one of the many open world ones, where you can do what you want.5. The faction war system. 3 races per faction, and each one battles with players from level 10 and up.6. The four classes are very fun to play as, decimating your enemies as quick as possible.Cons.1. The Crownshop has DLC, but you need to buy crowns to get it, instead of straight up buying the DLC.2. The Story Quests, go on for a long time, leaving little time for you to do sidequests, and by the time you are able to, you're too overpowered.3. Some of the dungeons you go to early in the game are way too hard without a friend, especially if you don't have friends.4. The game has a lacking of weapons that you can use, and some you get that don't fit your class.5. To play the game in a good way, you have to get a race that prefers to your class, instead of being what you want.6. There are a lot of mean people in the chat sometimes, so beware.But all in all, I recommend ESO."
76561198162167826,Recommended,306130,22505049,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,CmckOnline,"Although a lot of people say that ESO is not great, I think it is. The graphics are extreamly immersive and the game offers a massive world for you to play in. Furthermore each town and city is built with indervidualirty and you can even preform small tasks to top up your coin, such as creating amour (which can be done once a day). The game also runs with little lag and at great speed. There is a great varity of missions too and a great online pvp area where you fight for control over castles however there arew two limitiations. the 1st is that you cannot buy a horse without a lot of in game money or by purchasiung one via the store. This means that you spend a lot of time wanding from place to place (as you can only teliport from certain locations). This can become particaully irritating in pvp mode. My second point is that the game is not as interactive as those before it. For intance not every object can be piclked up.Overall I would say this game is an impressive MMO however if you want more interaction in game this is not for you."
,Recommended,306130,30169096,Posted: 25 February,all,Dovahkiin,GG 11/10 IGN
,Recommended,306130,31271234,Posted: 21 April,all,Linkin in the park,"I am new to this game, i am a wow player.I bought this game in hope for something better than wow, i've found it!This game beats wow's♥♥♥♥♥in my opinion.Best mmo right now, story interesting, quests (alot of quests), you never run out of stuff to do.. etc... etc...And heck yeah i recommend this game!!"
,Recommended,306130,17237220,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,kiseruyoru,"Honestly, it just doesn't strike my fancy. MMO world-pop, grinding trains, and busy-work detract from any real solo immersion, and the sum total is just uninspiring for me.  This game isn't bad, if you want active combat, first person depth of world, quests with actual stories, and (in general) Skyrim + MMO + Randomizing blender. . . hey, it's solid.  But every MMO bit that is brought in just reminds me it ISN'T really a TES game proper, you're inherently limited by the medium.That, and I gotta say, the art is dull to me. Skyrim's strange ideal of realism, married with some cartoonification because, MMO, standards needs be lowered -- and boom.Really, it just made me want to play FF XIV (after playing for the month of July last year) again. I should have gotten Heavenward, and that's exactly what I'm gonna do now.Still -- I got 36 hours out of it, and it wasn't bad by half so. . . soft recommend? If you like MMOs this is a decent one, if you like TES, well. . .it's something  - gotta be worth a look I figure."
,Recommended,306130,17850389,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,SatansPotato,"If you were expecting Skyrim online you will be dissapointed.Its a good game if you like semi-open world exploration and is a great time waster. The skills can be a little confusing and you may just wander off into an area were the difficulty is 2x your characters level. This brings me to the second subject: Grinding, you will want to grind levels because the XP earned from sidequests is not enough to boost you into the next level,only problem is it takes forever. Story is pretty generic and the voices are recycled. I love the personalities of Nords and Khajit, hilarious. Its worth it.P.S. The Tamriel Unlimited update was what the game needed,Played the Beta: Got bored and didn't buyTamriel Unlimited: HOLY FOCKN SHETGud game, 9.3/10Reccomended for RPG fansNot reccomended for CoD players"
,Recommended,306130,15456337,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Grassdew,"Ignore my steam play time, for some reason it doesn't keep track properly.ANYWAYS. This game is great so far. Some people say that if you're expecting a multiplayer Skyrim you'll be dissapointed and that is correct in its own respect. However, this game is very fun. The Elder Scrolls series is an interesting one, and this multiplayer game was a very large missing piece to the universe. The Combat is fun, it's not just TAB targetting. You use your main weapon with your mouse, and when you're attacking an enemy you get 6 skills to use. To my surprise, you can actually kill helpless citizens, so I give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,306130,17230184,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Sir N00bZ,I really love ESO. Many people come in and think skyrim online which is wrong. It's an MMO in the Elder Scrolls universe. Now that you don't have to pay a montly subscription means you only have to pay once which is awesome. ESO goes on sale quite a bit too. You can get it on GMG and other websites for around $20 if you search hard enough. Usually goes on sale on steam for $40 which I think is a little bit too much but what ever.---------------It's a fantasic game and one of my favorite MMOs8/10
,Recommended,306130,19234985,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Bloopity,This game still gets updated regularly and it deserves more players.This game is such a masterpiece and it shouldnt be ruined due to a mistake at their launch.
,Recommended,306130,20907124,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Mukky,I heard al lot of crap about this game at launch.I waited until the TU update came out before purchasing on PS4I don't play the PS4 much so as much as I enjoyed it I mainly stayed away.I bought this on PC becuase I wanted to play a good MMOAnd I did
76561198098785752,Recommended,306130,19101192,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,lokiemeister,"The Elder scrolls online combines the high quality storytelling and lore of the elder scrolls universe with an mmo. I have put more time into this game in 3 months than most games over a year. The quests have compelling storylines, and you can make decisions that actually alter the outcome. The variety of equipment is a huge draw, and combat is exciting. You can customize any of the four classes to do pretty much anything you want, be it damage, healing or tanking, and the number of class, weapon and guild abilities allow for tons of customization and optimization. Best of all, you can rebuild your character for a modest amount of in game gold if you don't like the direction it's going. The game has good graphics, especially for an mmo. I'm a bit dissappointed that the dark brotherhood is going to be released as dlc rather than base game content but that's a bit more of a criticism of the industry in general rather than this game specifically. Overall I would highly recommend this game and see myself putting in many more hours over the coming years."
,Recommended,306130,15044411,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,XaXa,"I know I do not have alot of time in this game but...I have wanted this game since beta but have not gotten it due to the subscription game, cause who want to pay for something you already paid for.So after it went sub-free I decided to buy this game, and let me tell you this is amazing. Ignore all the hate people said about it a year ago cause this game has changed alot. It is actually good.Look forward to playing more and giving it an actual review!"
76561198087012586,Recommended,306130,17904574,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,(×çGL×) Michaelx,"This game is very well made, it has amazing pvp, I have no lag even in massive pvp matches Cyrodiil and the gameplay is astounding. It is easily the best MMO I have ever played to date."
,Recommended,306130,17980654,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Veedz,Addicted to this.You don't even need GTX to have amazing graphicsEdited :But you need more than 4GB RAM to run this.I have 4GB RAM and kicks me out from the game so often because low of memory.
,Recommended,306130,16729427,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Edskelton,"Great game, isn't Skyrim so don't expect it to be. Has many similarities with the other Elder Scroll games (clearly) but is still an MMO. 10/10 Just don't plan on being turned into a vampire with out paying a ridiculous fee or getting lucky finding a person willing to use an ability that has a 7 day (actual time) cool down for free on you. Have fun, hope to see you in game!"
,Recommended,306130,16751874,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Eagle,"Very good rpg, everything you can ask for and more"
76561198051886477,Recommended,306130,32919251,Posted: 28 June,all,FantasyAnime,"Very solid MMO. No subscription, Little things to pay for, whole ton of content."
,Recommended,306130,26639606,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Night Walker,A gem of an MMORPG!
,Recommended,306130,33580191,Posted: 16 July,all,NoMercy235,"Don't expect Skyrim multiplayer experience.Otherwise, it's an incredible game with a lot of content and well written quests. It also allows the community to develop mods (on PC) which can be used by players to customize their user experience."
76561198289854585,Recommended,306130,32204480,Posted: 5 June,all,NinjaKitsune,"Okay, so I write this review coming from the single-player Elder Scrolls games. I have to admit. I had pretty dismal hopes for this game. ""An Elder Scrolls MMO? Ugh..."" was my attitude going into this and I had heard a lot of negative things about the game.And yes, I do have my gripes with this game, but overall, I genuinely have enjoyed the game so far. If I had to list my complaints... For one, the combat feels a little awkward in comparison to the single player games, but it's not horrible, two, the fact that races are limited to only a handful of classes which kind of limits you role-playing potential, where role-playing is my favorite thing about The Elder Scrolls. Also, I don't know if this is a glitch or not, but sometimes, I'll have an enemy's health refill at random and they'll run away in the middle of a fight. And my final complaint is that you can't loot all enemies that you kill like in the single-player games.Now for the positives...1) The character customization is actually pretty damn good. Not only do you get quite a bit of freedom in character building in the initial character creation, but the sheer amount  of customization you can do in game is pretty impressive, so my kudos to Zenimax on that.2) While the class selection is a bit limited, you still have the ability to customize your character to the way you want them, which is nice. My Khajiit as of writing this review is a Nightblade, but I'm trying to make archery her main ability, since that's my main playstyle in the series.3) I like how you can't get awesome armor right off the bat.4) Soloing the game is possible and the game accomodates that, so it's nice to be able to play the game as a single-player game.If I had to say one final note... It's... okay as an Elder Scrolls game, but a great MMO."
76561198076381755,Recommended,306130,32380492,Posted: 12 June,all,krackenspawn,i give it 10/10 for money gouging.... prepare your credit card for battle..
76561198002939979,Not Recommended,306130,31513521,Posted: 2 May,all,NaeRei,"Returning player after a year and a half away, just one thing! worst levelling system ever seen in a mmorpg, where levelling up takes stats instead of giving, levels don’t matter as everything and everywhere is the same level as you unless you are willing to go against the stagnation and downlevelling until you reach max level plus another extra 160 (cp) levels"
,Recommended,306130,23396442,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Retzee,10/10
76561198176762550,Recommended,306130,15663634,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Jeremoo,"Cool Story Bro- needs more dragonsNo in all seriousness, when i first looked at the game, i wasnt impressed, and so didnt even bother, later on i asked my friend who had the game and all he said was, ""it isnt worth it"", and so the subject ended.,then later tamriel unlimited came out, and i thought, cool, no subscription, it could be great. so then i went and bought the game, and i tell you, there are no regrets. I started playing with my friend and at first i thought that it was a bit daunting, thinking the grind took ages, howver after a day or so i figured out that quests were a much easier and fun way to level up and get cool gear.the game has come a long way from the hollow shell that it used to be, and i would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a good mmo.One final note however, if you are looking for skyrim with  friends, you have come to the wrong place. and if yo are looking for morrowind with friends, keep on dreaming."
,Recommended,306130,15130747,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Professor White,Worth.
,Recommended,306130,15024039,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,zpena,"This game is now subscription-free, still receives continuous maintenance and great updates, and remains an overall unique mmo. It has some of the best PvP I've ever come across, and now enough ""Skyrim"" features to make all the whiners happy. If you're an MMO junkie like me, you'll love this game. It has a slight learning curve, just as any other MMO will, and delivers everything the developers have been promising from the start."
,Recommended,306130,14969400,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,z0mbie,"Had 11 hours when it was paid sub. Now I've quadrupled that time because it's F2P. I don't see why this game had such a bed rep, even before the recent updates of being able to steal from, and murder civilians. Sure, it's described as a ""running simulator"" as most games are recently. You do have the option to buy a mount in game with gold, or from the new Crown store. Personally, I just fast travel. So, never saw the big fuss about running everywhere.*Edit - I've said from the start that the sub fee was stupid. They could make just as much from in game cosmetics, and possibly doing like DOTA 2, TF2, and CSGO. Thankfully, you can buy the loot chests in game from markets with the in game currency. I'll be taking my gambling addiction to TESOnline, instead of CSGO."
76561198097145400,Recommended,306130,15128339,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,☩Хром Бог☩,"I cant say that im all that happy that they made this game an mmo but i still love it. Plenty of content to go about and a fair community. I recommend this game to all the elder scrolls fans, trust me you wont be disapointed."
76561198104759675,Recommended,306130,14869127,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,graysnowgray,good. get it
76561198110657040,Recommended,306130,14977672,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,OdinN7117,"Now that the monthly subscription is gone I bought the full priced game. WOW! I am not disappointed so far. Even though this is an MMO but I can surely play side and story quest on my own, also no server drops, graphical conflicts and great game play. I am still waiting for controller support, but that won’t take long to add so I'll wait for it. Worth $60."
76561198070864542,Recommended,306130,14994719,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,ChappyJames,"The game has ups and downs. Leveling has become easier with the Unlimited ""update"". Some armor looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Better than adding another 1000 hours on Skyrim."
76561198098097135,Recommended,306130,15036591,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,AsiansInc,"Before Buy: I, like most people, absolutely hated this game without ever playing it. I got on the ESO hate-wagon and said I would never buy it blah blah. I believed the game would fail and that going free-to-play meant the end of it blah blah. But I also hate WoW so I think most my hate stemmed from the subscription cost, which has been gone for a week now :).Why I Bought: It was spring break, had the cash, had no plans, why not spend $60 on a game just so I could make fun of?After the Buy: My mind is blown at how good this game is. There are a few games that make me spend 60+ hours and counting on it. All the people hating on this game need to play it before they hate on it, and the people who still hate it after playing do have a right to state their opinion and MMO's just aren't for everyone.Graphics: 10/10 when compared to other MMO's, but 7/10 compared to other games. This game actually looks like a game and not just a bunch of low-polygon, texturized, low-budged, 3D film characters running around. The game is also diverse enough that you don't feel like you are looking at the same building, tree, rock, etc. over and over again.Lore: 9/10, ESO dives into the Elder Scrolls lore which is quite rich when you consider that the Elder Scrolls games start back in the 90's with the release of Arena. There is so much to read if you take the time to read it, but that is the downside as well. I would also dare to say that Elder Scrolls has a richer lore than WoW.Action Bar: 8/10, the action bar is really frustrating with it only having 5 skills and 1 ultimate. But when you consider how devastating the skills can be if you arrange them correctly it does make sense. PvP would be at a permanent dead lock if a class had more than 5 skills equipped (my dragon knight would be an unstoppable tank if I could use all the defensive and offensive skills).Combat: 8/10, it brings the Elder Scrolls feel in how you can use any weapon no matter what class you are. Though classes do favor some weapons over the other in how well the weapon meshes with the class skills. Also the collision detection is phenomenal, I have yet to get frustated by a phantom reach (cough cough DARK SOULS cough cough). There is a solidness to the combat as well, each hit resonates with a solid strike, blocking a strong attack offsets the enemy, attacking an offset enemy makes them crumble to the ground, it is a satisfying combat experience.Player Base: 10/10, I have played games that were populated by ***hole players but so far I am always satisfied with interactions had. Players are willing to converse while out doing a dungeon together, are willing to help out quite readily, and there is very little rage quitting.Justice System: 8/10, I enjoy this part of the game and how it gives you a break from the general mechanics of it. When I first started the game I went and stole myself a nice set of armor, a shiny sword, and then sold the rest of the loot to a fence. Also attacking NPC's can be hilarious, I broke into a house and the owner was being annoying, but beware that only a few NPC's are killable so sorry trolls and griefers.Looting: 6/10, I will admit that gaining gold is really frustrating. Little gold is actually dropped and you get most of it from selling your loot. If you deconstruct your loot you can turn it into a lot more gold if you invest into crafting. In dungeons each player has their own instances of loot and there is no rolling for the best item at the end of it (I like this aspect a lot).Leveling: 5/10, I am frustrated with the level system. Leveling is easy until you reach 30 because it seems after level 30 players stop doing dungeons and just go to Cyrodil (PvP); doing dungeons was the easiest way to level up. Also allocating your skill points is a pain with how strategic you have to be, but to be fair it is really fun to strategize on how to allocate points to optimize your build.Overall: 8/10, I am reccomending this game to all my friends who all think it is still a horrible game but it has recovered nicely. I am looking forward to more adventures in Tamriel and to more of the map opening up (maybe?) because I would love to roleplay with my dunmer in Morrowwind.P.S. There is a lot more to the game than what I have reviewed. I have just done a review on the aspects that I use the most. I am not a crafter so I don't think I am qualified to review the crafting system and same goes for joining guilds, I am a solo player."
,Recommended,306130,15159838,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Too High,its not bad anymore.. mmkay
,Recommended,306130,15128945,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Ice Cold Killa,a.. ♥♥♥♥in.. must.. have.. god.. have.. mercy..
76561198075526369,Recommended,306130,26639089,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,TRIGUND,"Ive put over 100hours in this game and havent even scrached the surfess its a nice sold mmo and a good story teller i love the game enteratcion, people, quests. playing it with friends ( during holidays months is a must ) is also very enjoyable. I give it a good 8.5/10 and a solid 9/10 with DLC's"
76561198084038321,Recommended,306130,21692010,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,MiniEinz,"I dont usualy like MMO's but this one is different, and actually fun."
,Recommended,306130,23382715,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Rand al'Thor,"game's awesome. but just a warning:DO NOT DOWNLOAD THE STEAM VERSION, LEST YOU WANT TO DOWNLOAD ANOTHER 44GB ON THE TOP OF 58GB STEAM DOWNLOAD. DOWNLOAD THE ONE FROM THEIR WEBSITE!"
,Recommended,306130,15118558,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,MrSpaghettiArms,"Pretty solid game/mechanics.Lore breaking aside, it's a solid game. Maybe not 59.99 worth, but 40-50 range. Wait for Steam Sales and grab this for sure!"
,Recommended,306130,19813131,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Blue Dragon,"Despite all the bad reviews people make about ESO, they're all mistaken and wrong. Yes the game was crap during beta and initial release, but they made ALOT of work on the game. The game itself is a thousand times better, the whole system is great. People in this MMO are so nice and helpful it makes me want to play. It's not pay to win and it's not a hassle. The Crafting system is GREAT! It's worth using and not super complicated and tedious, the questing can be a little tedious but it's fun. You can be anyone you want! You want to be a Sorcerer Tank go for it! You want to be a Nightblade tank go for it! The guilds are helpful and i've met people who made me High end gear free of charge. The economy is perfect. Anyone who tells you ESO is bad. What happened is that they let their expectations get too high and wanted a skyrim MMO. It's not skyrim! You can't expect a PERFECT MMO. Bethesda added a bunch of lore you can find. The ability to have addons is wonderful!Don't listen to anyone about this game. Try the game for yourself and form your own opinion! I promise you you'll love it!"
76561198151027351,Recommended,306130,17851886,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,froakingdoom,"Preamble: My Steam account shows 89 hours and last played on Aug. 10th. Not so.I cant say whether it was a patch or the launch of Win10 since they happened within a couple days of each other but many people suddenly had an issue with the launcher being stuck in an endless loop of wanting to repair itself. It took three rounds with customer service (who responded the same day each time) and was able to fix the problem but the .exe icon on my desktop was seperated from Steam. Not a big deal to me personally.On with the review:As many have said, this isnt Skyrim, its an MMO. If your looking for a stand-alone experience and the depth of immersion that comes with it, then opt for Skyrim. That being said, as someone who`s mmo history began shortly after the release of EQ1, Im having a great time with this one having only reach the tender age of level 26.Different people have different ideas of whats fun in an MMO and ESO allows for this (within its reative sphere).You can run solo or find a group. Im playing solo and the few time Ive run into a situation where I needed help all I had to do was chill for 10 minutes and someone comes along and we both tackle the baddie and go our seperate ways with no more than a wave. ESO is set up where you can get acheivement credit for a boss as long as you do some damage during the fight. No need to group if you`d rather not. *I think I read early on that with the main bosses you have to do a certain % of damage to get any loot, but I`d need to revisit the forums to verify that.You can run the quests or grind to veteran rank asap. Ive been doing all the main and side quests and can say Im thoroughly enjoying the journey. Ive found them well written (some really so), engaging and never so long that the feeling of moving along is broken. The rewards offer xp and loot, and have provided me with all the armor and weapon upgrades the PvE enviroment needs.Every character can equip any weapon or armor but choices matter..and your personal playstyle matters, and can be pretty well accounted for.Speaking of choices, the character development system is pretty darn ok imo. You aquire points along the way that are applied to both traits and skills. Its easy enough to quickly grasp and deep enough that you will catch yourself chewing your lip over just where to drop that point into. There`s never enough to go around (thats a good thing) so what you choose WILL effect how your toon grows. That being said, the system is forgiving enough that you discover you messed up you can bring things back around within a couple levels usually and if youve completly dropped the whole basket of eggs you can pay in-game gold to reset it all and reapply the points all over again.There are loads of character build guides available and lots of people use them. Personally, I looked at them just long enough to understand the principles and havent looked back. I want my own character (with all its strengths and faults), not another clone.The crafting system is robust enough to hold its own imo. Ive been plugging away at all it offers and am only now getting that ""ahh, ok. I get this"" understanding about what it takes to make the armor sets.Blacksmithing, alchemy, enchanting, woodworking, clothing, cooking. There`s enough to keep you going and some of this stuff has actual in-game relevance *gasp*.The download times for the patches and initial purchase can be a bit brutal, so dont buy this thinking to start playing in a couple hours. The game itself took me a solid 24 hours to DL.Its an mmo and not a single player, so the graphics are geared for an mmo. They arnt the photo realistic quality some people now demand but ya know, my PC is over 5yrs old now so Im running on low settings and it still looks darn purdy."
,Not Recommended,306130,31200977,Posted: 17 April,all,alahu akbarr,"I used to be an adventurer like you, and then I took an arrow to my bank account."
,Recommended,306130,23004536,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,The Bug Lord,"I reccomend getting this game now. Before, the game had many issues and people were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about it, but they fixed almost all of them."
,Recommended,306130,15829781,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Boomhouser,The release of Tamriel Unlimited update and current patches makes this game well worth a play.
76561198040733161,Recommended,306130,14737880,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Addax13,"One of the best games ever in my opinion. I guess some people didn't find the Elder Scrolls magic in this one, but I was the other way around. I loved Skyrim, but think this one is even more fun to play (as do others within the game). I go back through Skyrim now with a greater appreciation, though.Most of the gripes I had starting out have been resolved. I think some people will still have trouble with the end game being so far away (you have to quest through all three factions first), but with the subscription dropping, you won't find more game for the money. The questing is superior, and there are group dungeons, public dungeons, private dungeons, dolmens (like rifts kinda), mini dolmens, and lots of world bosses. Each zone has a pretty epic finishing quest along with the main story quests and two guild questlines. I've been playing over 500 hours and still haven't seen everything."
,Recommended,306130,18007530,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Murkyee,"Don't play this game thinking its going to be Skyrim online, if you do then dont even bother, even though ESO shares some similarities with Skyrim it is mainly an MMO and  a damn fine one at that. I've been playing this game for 40 hours plus and im still in the first zone because of all the things there are to do besides the main quest, like steal from NPCs and shops, kill guards, crafting, PVP, and a TON of other stuff. The only real complaint that i do have with this game is the size of the PVP zone Cyrodiil which is massive (like all the other zones) and it takes forever to get anywhere even with a horse and waypoints. So yeah i love this MMO definitely my favourite at the moment."
76561198015201140,Recommended,306130,15146395,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Harman488,"Ignore the negative reviews, they're all from before the game had some major patches. The combat is like a single player game put into an MMO environment, I highly recommend you get it. This is my favorite MMO and possibly favorite game I have played. If you're a fan of the elder scroll series and like MMO's, you will love this game."
,Recommended,306130,15270054,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,I bought it for Sheogorath. I was not disappointed.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiZGm2_Kxy8
76561198008975925,Recommended,306130,25200252,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Tholus X,"I have been palying MMORPGs since the time of Ultima and Dark Age of Camelot and I can say I tried quite extensively all the most known since then (World of Warcraft, Gild Wars 2, Rift, Ago of Conan).This one is in my top favourite list.Is well balanced and techically well made. The quests/PVE part is one of the best ever made. PVP looks decent.They resisted the temptation to slope down the Pay2Win (see how they massacred Rift?) but you can pay for visual stuff and other utilities that are pretty cool.On the other hand, mothly payment is not mandatory but is pretty much needed if you want to proceed decently (craft bags, dlc unlocked etc., 10% exp). Anyway, again it is not pay for win (that I hate) and you can enjoy the game also in free mode without any major hinder.Can't speak much about raiding because I am starting just now, but people talk good in game about that as well.Overall it is a very, very good game."
,Recommended,306130,15629536,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Am1z,Great game!
76561198106018805,Recommended,306130,14994983,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Kush Alle,"Great! Bethesda has succesfully made this a better game then it was on the release. They have improved and fixed alot of things, and its turning out to become a greay MMORPG. Played a couple hours, already loving it :)"
76561198052898986,Recommended,306130,14417205,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Angerfist,"Overall this is a good game, awesome graphic! But for my taste it is little to much of quest and talking. But if you like a story rich game with quests and talking this is a good one!I did love the lvling and stats system, you get to choose and mix your skills pretty good.And the character creation is just epic in this game!"
,Recommended,306130,14864632,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Shinigami,"An awesome game,tottaly worth buying,but remember that it should not be compared to the other elder scrolls game,and it should be treated more as a mmorpg :)"
76561197984855740,Recommended,306130,14966454,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,freddy6toes,"now that I have a computer I can actually enjoy this game on it has been fun.  life is busy and I have not spent as much time on it as I would like.  Its an elder scrolls game and depending on how picky you are about mmo's may not be right for you, I love it.  Gone subscription free now so why not just buy the game and try it out."
,Recommended,306130,14973114,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,HollySane,"This game has many faces and it is what you make of it which mirrors the expression what it wants to be. It can be a buy2play MMO (if you'd want to spend some dough on it), it can be a great fantasy MMO with RPG elements set in the world of the elder scrolls along with their lore (look, we all did wish Skyrim went multiplayer).TBH, i only got hooked on the world of TES recently (again), which is Skyrim and I really loved Skyrim-the mechanics of Skyrim itself (along eith the original play, DLC and let's not forget about those community mods in total) was never suited to be a multiplayer (maybe it could but only support up to 2 people max-which would be a total bummer).So, in response to the crave for a multiplayer, it did dawn on the developers that they would try to at least please the crowd. Yes, there are cases where MMO have made some good turnaround (take Marvel Heroes for example-now they seem to have a decent enough community going, and rathe rhave learned their lesson from their past actions) and i do hope very much that The Elder Scrolls: Tamriel Unlimited would take such an example in their (further?) development plan.My judgement lays in the playstyle itself. Yes, trying to fit as much of Skyrim & Oblivion playstyle inside sounds good but that's not how you'd want your MMO to be if it does effect the performance of the gameplay. The clunkiness of the GUI, the first person not being too aware of the environment (because of limited visuals) and many others could be taken badly but it really does depend on the player.I myself had started with a MMO RPG I'd still very hold dear which is called The Secret World and it left an impression on any other MMOs I've tried to play with. So, yes, I may be not fit to judge this game. But, so far, the servers may need some boosting (lags are the worst) and there should be more focus on the player's interaction (whether  it be with the enemies or other players).To the Developers: Take a page or two from Funcom, make the playstyle more dynamic (capture your audience)- make the players want to interact and not feel annoyed with other players barging in to make the kill. Create a better reason for the players to want to PvP (giving them enough to even rather sit throug rather than give up with it totally). And don't let this become another cash-grab, future contents are alright but the community always comes forst (because they are the support group of the developers).And to the players, I do encourage a shot at this. It may be stiff at times (it's not Skyrim), but other times it does compensiate. Don't get too judgemental about this one as they're still trying, but if you don't like this particular game- go play other then- there are many other MMOs out there that may or may not suit your playstyle. And remember, people really did work hard/at least had a smidge of effort in the production of this game.Stay safe, folks :)Holly OUT."
,Not Recommended,306130,31193689,Posted: 16 April,all,EarlessWinner,"Would be a great game if the servers weren't complete trash. I have 25 native ping, on the NA ESO server I have 250 at lowest (managable) but 80% of the time it reads ""999+"". I bought the gold edition for the dark brotherhood questline and gathered 500 gold in bounty in the first mission just because it's impossible to sneak  past people who teleport around the room willy-nilly.ESO - LEARN HOW TO MAINTAIN YOUR SERVERS.also why the hell is there no OCE server? after what? ... 3 years?-Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together ESO."
,Recommended,306130,16855101,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ðiablo,"How I feel about this game: For those of you wanting to buy this game, heres what I will say to youIf you love MMO's and want to start a new MMO to waste your life on (like me) Don't do it, you will be fairly dissappointedIf you love the Elder Scrolls series as much as I do (Played every one of them) Why are you still reading this? Buy it now.This game as an MMO is decent, however it's grindy, and if you like grindy MMO's like Tera, you'll love this MMO, however I could be caught up all the way to a quest where I fight level 15 enemies and only be level 9... Dear christ why...As and Elder Scrolls game it's beautiful! I love how they put together to where all the story lines from every elder scrolls game (except Skyrim) make more sense than before.Pros:-Fun-Smooth-problems it had in beta are gone-Good Graphics-Pretty Interesting questlinesCons:-Needs Cross Platform (Future Patch I hope)-Grindy as all hell8/10Good Job Zenimax/Bethesda(PS for you people who are like ""ITS NOT ELDER SCROLLS BETHESDA DIDNT MAKE IT"" ZeniMax is a company owned by Bethesda you neanderthals.)(PSS: You will want to get MODS for the game, UI mods and mods telling you the buffs and debuffs you have. I have put a link to the website I got my mods inhttp://www.esoui.com/addons.phpand I also got mods herehttp://www.curse.com/teso-addons/teso)Enjoy! ^~^"
,Recommended,306130,15150576,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,SolarVibrations,Yeah this be gud game. Try it out because its good.
76561198117108806,Recommended,306130,19217447,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Hannihr,"Much beauty. Such flying octopodes. Wow.This game is a marriage of Star Wars: The Old Republic (SWTOR) and Lord of the Rings Online (LOTRO). It combines medeval and futuristic technologies in an MMORPG with a contemporary storyline and the ability to enhance the size of your female character's  ( . Y . ) *ahem*.John Cleese playing the guitar, cat people riding big cats, and lizards who talk in the third person. She thinks this is a good game, if you like your games imaginative."
76561198030393287,Recommended,306130,17859349,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Jono,"***AS OF 2017*** Honestly forget the ""mostly positive"" reviews about this game as that was before all the new updates that made the game good. If you're looking for a skyrim v2 then you can stop reading my review instantly as that's not what you're going to get out of ESO. ESO is a MMORPG with great graphics, soundtrack, exploration, quests, PvP and so on. There is so much content involved in ESO that the new dlcs released every now and again offer over hours and hours of new content for each player. Having 3 pacts is wise as it cancels out a generic 1v1 pact vs pact mentality as you have Aldmeri Dominion, Ebonheart Pact and finally Daggerfall Covenant. The quest lines are solid enough to keep you engaged and if you're a solo player then look no futher than this game as it offers a vast majority of solo content as far as crafting and PvE go. This game isn't pay 2 win at all as for example when you enter PvP you're counted already as a veteran ranked player which makes gameplay less one sided for a player. All in all I can easily recommend this game as a top 5 MMORPG in the world today matching qualities with games such as GW2 and WoW. I give ESO a great 9/10."
76561198074696572,Recommended,306130,24716838,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Daft,One of the better MMOs I've played (have more than just steam hours)
,Recommended,306130,13138269,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,mychaelo,"Verdict: cautious recommendation. Buy it if it's on sale, but not at full price (for now, at least).Upsides:+ Art: Environment Design is mostly up there on par with Skyrim (and sometimes even more imaginative, as devs were not afraid to use the vertical space to their advantage). Textures are generally nice, though they could use an optional ""HD texture pack"". Though I also understand that said pack would make the installation weigh more than a hundred gigs, and would be a nightmare to update. Lighting system is quite impressive, and lits the interiors way better than, say, Skyrim engine would, shadows interact with lights in numerous ways and are always dynamic - all this results in a remarkable picture, even if some shaders are a bit basic.+ Script: I can safely say that I met a whole lot more memorable characters in TES:Online than I had in TES5. Apart from defined characters, a good dose of humour is applied even in some dramatic situations, like, for example, when you meet a vampire cat /ahem, khajiit/, who tries to save last few villagers from being eaten alive, and she is distracted by a thought of yarn. In spite of some players crying ""DEY BROKE DA LORE"" ""DEY RUENED DA ALDUR SCRULS"" I didn't see many violations, more so considering how inconsistent the 'canon' lore is. Cyrodiil still has no jungles, but that has more to do with Bethesda's decision during TES4 development than anything else. The so-called 'Main quest' is used more like a plot device in order to explain some events in the game world, though it does have itsbrightmoments too.+ Voice-over: the amount of dialogue is immense, and it's fully voiced in its entirety. While there are few characters, who will make you cringe (that last Ayleid king, urrrgh), there are more than a few splendid jobs (even Sheogorath, which is not voiced by the original actor, but is still totally fine).+ PvP as idea: Having a full-fledged war with melee weapons, siege machinery and thousands of participants - looks great on paper. Too bad that this concept is undermined by balance and stability issues. More on those below.+ UI modding system: TES5 had a fair share of UI mods (mostly due to its UI being console-oriented in the first place). TES:Online supports this kind of mods as well with per-character settings, so if you don't like something about the interface, there's generally ""a mod for that"": mini-maps, map markers, HUD overhauls, trading helpers, combat macros and whatnot.+ Amount of content: while you have to choose your starting (""home"" so to speak) faction, you'll eventually get access to the zones of other factions as well. And it really does feel like three games worth of content (or time you spend on them at least).Now on to some YMMW things (you might like these, you might hate these):~ Subscription model: it has its own upsides and downsides, huge upside being no teenage trolls spamming in chat or doing /playdead + /pushups on the town square (like they did in open beta). Downside being that by paying a fixed amount of money you won't necessarily get a steady amount of content (in fact, the only big content addition to the game was Craglorn). Arguably there's no better model choice - and most certainly I wouldn't want this game to become Free-to-Play.~ Character models: yes, mouth animations are finally added in Update 5, so people don't look like sock puppets. They still look like dolls, though. Just a pair of skin/eye shaders would work wonders here, but it seems like devs don't want to increase the budget even for close-up shots.~ Skillbar ala Warcraft 3: five skills + Ulti, with additional second bar after Level 15. Unlike in TES5, you cannot dual-wield a spell and a weapon. In fact, you don't actually have any spells. Instead you have abilities, which might or might not be magical, and may produce various types of damage or have other effects on you, your allies or your enemies. So in short, Warcraft 3. DEY RUENED DA ALDUR SCRULS. Yeah, right.~ Game is overpopulated: you heard it correctly, and no, it's not a LITERELY DED GAEM by any means. So good luck finishing any dungeon on your own - more often than not you'll get inside just to find half of it already decimated by players, who got in a few minutes before you. On the other hand, you'll have no issues with finding a party. Party will find YOU, comrade.And at last, let's discuss the flaws:- The world is static. Your actions may have only a few different outcomes: a) enemies disappear from the area b) enemies become non-hostile in the area c) area is not changed in any way. No crumbling cities, no dynamic objects (the about only example of those is sky anchor, which pops every 10 minutes in predefined places), game sometimes tries to mitigate it by sending you into 'fake' zone, which becomes a 'true' zone once you complete the quest and return to it. To be fair, the devs did use a few dynamic objects in the main quest line, but that's far too few.- Justice (absence of it). Second-era Tamriel is populated with communists. No possession, no stealing, no jails. From each according to his ability, to each according to his need. This also means no Thieves Guild, no Dark Brotherhood, no Morag-Tong. Devs promised to introduce this system in one of the upcoming updates, so this might change in the future.- PvP in current implementation: when it works, it's an okay experience. You deploy siege machines, employ cover-up and deceit tactics, ambush the reinforcements et cetera. The key is 'when it works'. Game uses several servers (called Campaigns), with most players going to Thornblade. It's almost always population-locked on evenings, but that's not the main concern. Once you get inside, be ready to meet the almighty LAG. While the in-game counter breaks upon latency >1 s, the actual lag spike in >30 x >30 battles may freeze everyone in place (while you still can move around, that's an illusion made by lag compensation system) for up to several minutes. Thus taking any given fort may become an impossible feat even with prevailing forces. Currently some guilds have decided to just ditch the Thornblade and play on alternative servers. Though those might have some lag spikes time-to-time, but not any of same scale as Thornblade. Again, devs promised to fix these issues in upcoming updates, but until then this remains a flaw.- You can't make a bad guy character. Also, you have a choice. But really, you don't: this probably applies to the last two TES games as well, but yeah, it still is a flaw. Your choice is in most cases reduced to dialogue options before being given a reward, and generally only decides if that one character will greet you upon your final appearance in the current zone. Again, nothing out of ordinary for TES series, yet still.- Autoleveling (absence of it). Okay, the TES4 was disliked by many for this, but TES5 used autoleveling to its advantage - if you go into a cave at Level 50, be prepared to meet bandits in glass armour or Draugr deathlords. In TES:Online if you go to, say, Glenumbra, to do some quests you missed, while you are already past Level 20, you'll find it extremely easy. In fact, many do miss the 'Bad man hallows' public dungeon, and when they return from the next zone to complete it, players just molest everyone inside. Another example: you completed every available group dungeon and played a few evenings in PvP zone. Then you return to usual questing and discover, that you are 5-6 levels above than the quest enemies/rewards. This means you get little to no items/experience for your activity, and basically robbed yourself of potentially good items, as they don't drop if you're more than 5 levels above your victims. The last update did fix some of the leveling issues, mainly with solo/group-only content."
,Recommended,306130,21564759,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Joom,Servers are down.7/24hours-would still waiting again
,Recommended,306130,14987108,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Angry Marmot,"Pretty polished and tons of content.  Now that the sub is gone, I think well worth the one time purchase."
76561198003795627,Recommended,306130,14399124,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Myrmidon,"I have been playing elder scrolls for many many years and have invested 100s of hours into the series on consoles and PC. I will say that I cannot for the life of me understand why anyone would give this game a bad review. One of the best MMOs I have played imo (i have played Secret world, SWTOR, WOW, etc). The lore is amazing as always, and the combat is some of the better combat systems I have experienced in MMOs as well.All that being said, this is not Morrowind, Oblivion, or Skyrim. You should not go into this game expecting that. If you don't and you go in without bias or expecations of the typical single player elder scrolls experience, you might have a good time! I highly recommend this game, and hope to see you out there in Tamriel."
,Recommended,306130,15008720,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Kerigor,Played the beta and found that it wasn't my cup of tea.  Played again after the relaunch and the buy-to-play model and I am SO glad I did.  This feels like multiplayer Skyrim and I'm loving it.
,Recommended,306130,15014266,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Dios Noctum,"If you liked the Elder Scrolls series, then you will enjoy this game. It is fun to play with friends or alone. Combat is nicely done. Story is not dull (I found Daggerfall to have the better quests if your into the quests).Overall, 10/10."
,Recommended,306130,14996811,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Trust No Bitch,"This game is like World of Warcraft meets Skyrim, except you don't have the grindy quests where you have to kill 10 of these animals and collect 15 of these items from random drops off of mobs. It's all Skyrim-esque quests with the joy of playing with your friends. I was a little hesitant to buy ESO at first but I'm completely happy with my purchase (and it was the Imperial version at that). 11/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,306130,25700069,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,CokeVoAYCE,"Pros: All voiced acted, Good story, Good combat, Lots of content, Constant stream of updates, Cheap game.Cons: The devs are cancerous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that will ban you over obvious jokes for being too ""offensive.""Suggestion: Buy the game, but be wary of what you say in the chat. The devs are very sensitive."
76561198178278063,Recommended,306130,14639639,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,thomascmacpherson,"One of the Greatest Mmo's i have played in a long time, not alot of focus on crafting but the exploration and enviroment is phenomenal. Two thumbs up"
,Recommended,306130,16768893,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,PotzZ,"You get achivements in game, but no steam achivements... Kind of a bummer, but whatever, I'm loving the game so far!"
,Recommended,306130,22931627,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Lech Eas,"ESO is one of my favorite MMOs right now. This game offers a beautiful world to be discovered. There's a bunch of things to do and to take interest with so IMHO, it's pretty awesome! The community is great too. Everything is. It's worth the money and time. 10/10**I can't find any reasons to stop playing this game and you probaby won't too if you're a huge fan of elder scrolls and/or mmorpg like me."
,Recommended,306130,22913363,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,FN 2187,"A beautiful world in the Elder Scrolls universe, unlimited amount of things to do in this MMO and it keeps me interested! Can't wait to see whats in store for the future os the Elder Scrolls franchise."
,Recommended,306130,14475775,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mike,"A fun RPGMMO.A mediocre Elder Scrolls.ESO should be taken for what it is. It isn't 'A Skyrim MMO'. It's an MMO in the Elder Scrolls universe, and for what it is, I had a good time. Worth picking up on sale."
76561198093728159,Recommended,306130,13734204,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Powdered Toast Man,Steam screwed up launcher at level 49.11/10 would (try) play again.
,Recommended,306130,14998893,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Reluctant Hero,Is good game
,Recommended,306130,18072018,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,alphadrome,It's fun for a few hours.
76561198057183813,Recommended,306130,26631680,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,arisano,"Do you like Skyrim?Do you like Runescape or WoW?do you like games with great story, tons of characters and a huge world?Who am I kidding? by the time you read this you'll already have 80 hours logged and never leave your basement again.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,306130,16635696,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,๖ۣۜ[OAD]Ghost,"The ♥♥♥♥ing tree gave me a quest. 10/10, would buy again.5/18/17Since I never did a real review, the game is great. I played through it solo, never maxed out my champ points which is a massive grind/turns me off from getting on to play just to do end game content. It will take months without help.PvP is laggy as ♥♥♥♥ and the gear gap is huge. If it weren't laggy it would be a lot funner, there's real sieging going on.The quest system is engrossing, but similar to any other game, it has it's moments of boredom, exploring is fun, but not quite the same as skyrim. There are quite a few epic moments, but sometimes the atmosphere just isn't there.Great game, dungeons are hard, they require you to actually work as a team, unlike GW2, etc."
,Recommended,306130,14906016,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Hua Miao Miao,"It's not that different from Skyrim. You can still do a lot of solo quests, teamwork isn't needed for the majority."
,Recommended,306130,14950271,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,artyom,"This game is such an incredible addition to the Elder Scrolls series, I'd reccommend it to everyone (in fact I have and now 5 more of my friends own it!). It plays like a single player game with an MMO addon, so it really feels as coherent and well put-together as any of the core games, but you can still play with your friends and do an incredible about of group material. PLEASE play ESO."
76561198005146478,Recommended,306130,14274066,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Iperitas[SK],"I was dissapointed after beta last year and I didn't wanted to hear about this game anymore, when I found out that I will have to buy it and then play monthly to be able to play it. When I heared that TESO is dropping monthly subscription in march, I decided to try it right away and I can't stop playing it. I can't say that this is the best MMO that ever came out, because i haven't played all of them, but I love The Elders Scrolls games and FOR ME this is the most interesting MMO I have ever played.Since Morrowind fans of TES was trying to create whole map of Tamriel. We were able to travel over whole Tamriel only in Arena. This game has the best chance to give you that experience again.I don't know why are other people so disapointed. I know there are little bit better systems in questing like in GW2, sometimes dungeons gets crowded, and it annoys me to hell when I pass some creature on horse, it attacks me, I fell down, try to attack it and that creature runs away with full health, to it's position...But if you ever felt alone in Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim and wanted to play it with friends, this is your chance."
,Recommended,306130,14980745,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,ea,"Its a very nice game. Some people think that is game about doing quests all the time and like ughh... nothing for me so boring. But no! This game is most like skyrim but much much better!This game is sooooo hugeeeee! Sooooo maannyy things to do. You can play with your friends and have loooots of fun or you can solo too :)You can pvp on a location called Cyrodil. You can do dungeons, there is tons of fun dungeons in this game. So  much fun to pve with your frinds, fight bosses. You can buy a horce, and train it every 19 hours or something. Tons of cool items classes and races OMG this is soo much to discover in this game i cant even explain... omg guys just buy this f##### game i swear u will like it!I have played this game for about 450h and i still enjoy it :)"
76561198018644463,Recommended,306130,13863883,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Click,"Okay where do I start.I discovered the elder scroll games from the most popular one, skyrim which like many other fans, i enjoyed it thoroughly.that being said, I came to expect a certain degree of fun from elder scrolls online, which I was not disappointed.The overall gameplay of the game is pretty similar to that of other mmorpgs, the only difference is, the stamina bar that regulates how much you can run, also allows you to use attacks. which is a very unwise choice for gameplay, you will find yourself running out of stamina just from sprinting, and if you are attacked, unless you have a magic weapon as a back up, you are pretty much doomed because all your basic attacks derive from your stamina bar, much like skyrim.The graphics of the game are extremely beautiful  on high settings, they are definitely not the best they could be, but pretty decent all the same.The controls for the game feel extremely restricting, I find myself getting aggravated very quickly because i can only have 5 attacks on a hot key list but i need way more just to do some basic things, and the fact that i can't assign more then 5 attacks makes it very annoying, somebody that came from another very popular mmorpg (wow )and is used to macros and specialized keybindings will find this game... somewhat inept and pretty poorly made.the voice over (for npcs and what not) is pretty well done and they are improving the npc's and players graphics features such as facial animations to make them more realistic and natural. which is pretty cool.pvp: I personally have not been able to get far into pvp yet, but ive been doing quite a bit of research, from what i've read and seen, if you like pvp, this game is perfect for you.dungeons: n/a will update at later timepve: can be pretty annoying due to the fact of stamina issues, but never a loss for something to kill.quests: tons of quests but most of them are not very interesting, over half are, walk here kill this walk there open this... i would like more quests with puzzles or bosses with specialized moves, or at least a interesting story to it.membership and game base price, this game is pretty expensive, and if you were lucky enough to land 6 months of membership before they removed it, can be a big price tag upfront, i would recommend you by this game if its on sale, the membership is pretty expensive (15 bucks or something a month) and will quickly add up.gameplay: pretty common, 5/10sound and graphics: very well done and impressive. 9/10storyline: uninteresting 5/10game price: pretty expensive, doesn't feel like it offers alot at first. 2/10pvp: HELL YES 10/10pve: pretty challenging but overall annoying because of stamina 6/10all in all: for a mmo-rpg this game doesn't give you alot of ""unique"" things and it feels pretty generic, if it didn't have the elder scrolls fanbase working for it, and a killer pvp.... then i would not recomend this game, but since it does. i would give this game at base price 6/10 and if you can get it on sale 8/10."
76561198239618500,Recommended,306130,30675445,Posted: 22 March,all,robscottthorpe,i find this game fun to play. if you like roaming in a game to do what you like this is the game for you.
,Recommended,306130,31309798,Posted: 22 April,all,Knight,After a few hours of gameplay. I have decided that its an okay game.  The amount of life waisting you will be doing is astounding..... fk what am I doing with my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥life XD10/10 for ruining my life!!!Play this game!!!
76561198084380973,Recommended,306130,14893215,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,MoonCatcherENT,"in my personal opinion, this game if grate. yes at first there was alot of bugs, but threw updates and addons this game has made it threw thick and thin, and has made it into a grate game. so if you like MMO's and love the elder scrolls lore this is the game for you."
,Recommended,306130,13700298,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Preston,"I saw all the bad reviews on this game, and was reluctant to try it. Then it came on sale for £16 (let's face it, 50 quid for a subscription game is far too expensive) so I finally bought it, and wow, am I glad I did. Full of Eldery Scrolly awesomeness, fantastic questlines, decent crafting, and a great community (so far). The game runs really well on my mediocre system, and looks really nice. There's so much to do, see, and explore at the moment, but I haven't hit endgame yet. I love to level slowly and take in everything a game of this scope has to offer, and after playing all the TES games and expansions since Morrowind, this to me, is a great mmo edition to the series. So if you can afford to buy the game on sale, I highly recommend you give it a go.*Edit* The lack of subscription and new content has changed this game for the better. No worrying about if you can justify the sub fees, but also nice little bonuses if you do want to sub for a month. The PVP is fanstastic, both Cyrodil and the Imperial Sewers. Cyrodil is massive open world warfare. Get a group, siege castles, And steal your enemies elder scrolls. Seriously, it is one of the most fun pvp systems I've played in an mmo. The Imperial Sewers pvp is a little different. It's small narrow corridors with pve thrown in and it keeps you on your toes. There is definitely a sense of satisfaction in seeing a few enemy players fighting a boss and going over and messing with them. All in all, I recommend this whole heartedly."
76561198055752116,Recommended,306130,14980178,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Might Dai,"when I first tried this game one year ago it was really terrible... However, they have heavily improved the content and mechanics of the game and is now not too shaby considering it is now a f2p."
,Recommended,306130,14999628,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,VGpro4,Saw tiny spider.  Destroyed it in an amazing inferno of blazing fire. 11/10
,Recommended,306130,16260479,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Krantup,"As an MMORPG is awesome. People who are looking for an Elder scrolls please go and get an actual Elder Scrolls, ths is an MMO:D"
,Recommended,306130,13960935,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Frito,"It is not Skyrim. It feels like it, and plays like it, but it's not it. I still enjoy it very much and its worth a shot if caught on sale."
,Not Recommended,306130,29594470,Posted: 30 January,all,Oakshield,"Everytime I try to log in a character, I get an error message telling me to wait and try again later.It's been happening for 2 weeks already, I've reinstalled the game twice and still nothing works.I'm yet to try and login through the official site, which maybe will solve this, but as of now, I can't recommend this game because this is a MASSIVE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T.If you want to buy it, I recommend buying it elsewhere, seen as the connection through Steam simply isn't working for me and it could also happen to you. Go and buy it cheaper."
76561198017649014,Not Recommended,306130,26292063,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DangerClose,"Bought the 4 pack DLC. Set up my account, got an activation email then tried to log in.  ""Access Code required""   Supposedly sent to the same email account I just set up my TESO account with.  Nothing after an hour.   Went to TESO support page, and ironically you need an ""access code"" for Support, whihc I requested and got immediately.   Sent in my support request and tried a dozen more times to genreate an access code.  Nothing,  Now we're 12 hours later and no response from the tech support people other than the silly ""check your junk mail"" responses.  I get thier email.  It's not on my side.  Pathetic customer support as I can't access the game I paid for."
76561198036031906,Not Recommended,306130,32172832,Posted: 4 June,all,Free Randy,"I bought the game and downloaded. The in game launcher is responsible for all the patches and I have a slow connection so it took me 7 hours to download the patches. I downloaded the patches and the game crashes on startup every single time I try to play, I tried all the fixes and nothing worked. So I filed for a refund and they said ""Can't refund you played 7 hours"". I have literally not gotten to play their game at all, and it doesnt work at all, so I am out all this money and they aren't being reasonable.Don't buy this game if you expect reasonable support in the event that your game doesn't work."
76561198113394403,Recommended,306130,13110032,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Zeuki1200,"I was really on the fence about wasting money on this game........ so many opinions... heres mine in a nutshell:Ok so this game is not Skyrim, not as in depth for role playing ( no housing or sitting at benches, lots of static clutter etc) and the fighting is a little less ummm ..... more auto aim and button smashing. but it is not as bad as I thought it would be, blocking and timing seem to still be important and feels fun in its own way. Unfortunately my favorite weapon (the bow)has been turned into a long range spell cast sort of, a major turn off for me, just my opinion.So those are my immediate takes on this game so far, I am not a power leveling person, nor am I the ultimate build sort of player, I am the type of player that aimlessly wanders around looking for shiny things and seeing how far I can wander and what I can find. I just sort of play a character, and dont necissarily have an end goal. So far I am really enjoying this game, so it is not as immersive or as deep as the single player E.S. titles and as far as rating it as an mmo I dont play mmo so wouldnt know how bad this one is.....What I did notice right away is that although this game is not as deep as a typical es game there are some nice touches that I noticed right away and really liked, things like other players milling through a pack while looking at there inventory, or looking at a map when .... well looking at there map. Also the little animations when doing things like harvesting, or opening a container or auto unequiping weapons first... those are all things I have modded into skyrim! So those little details are nice.. Oh and footprints in the snow thats nice too. I have found books to read bugs to catch potions to brew, meals to prepare that do have some usefulness ( at least at this early stage) fishing, and of course what i feel is a nice ( compared to skyrim) expansion of crafting.I hear alot of people complain about how long it takes to get from one point to another, so they are upset the world is too big? Well for my personal taste i dont use fast travel in Skyrim so walking everywhere is no big deal to me I like to explore every nook and see every tree along the way collecting stuff between quests, and when my character deserves it or can afford it I will buy a horse.Any way thats my take on this game so far, I wont lie I only bought it because it was on sale, and hopefully it will remain entertaining through the upper levels.........Oh and I guess I should say so far I really like the look of the game too, not over the top but very nice ! and being able to hide the hud is nice too...... i guess its the little things."
76561198032878607,Recommended,306130,13490510,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,awildryan,"I did not buy it at launch because I waited to see its condition it launch, which was by the way awfully undercooked. As it stands right now I have no problems with it. I think the problem alot of people have is that they expected it to be like a multiplayer mod.Recently picked it up as it was on sale, and I am having a blast. Many of the issues I saw in the initial reviews seem to be fixed. Also very excited for the upcoming justice system (even though I rarely play an evil typed character).In conclusion I can see what some people might not like about it, but I think that it happened as part of becoming an MMO, if you look at it more like an MMO I dont find it to be bad at all. If only they had waited till the game was done to release it they might not have gotten so much hate for it."
,Recommended,306130,12457205,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,BigTommyT,I find this game to be extremly addictive and fun but needs to have lots of time invested into to get anywere in the story or world. Despite me living in Australia and playing on North American servers i have little to no latency issues and i get 150 KB/S download speed on my internet. so in short would recommend.
,Not Recommended,306130,30069479,Posted: 20 February,all,Fruitwalker,"New houses cost $120 & add absolutely zero content other than being able to say, ""I own this"" and show your friends one time even though they've already seen screenshots & crap of it, and then you never do anything with it again.They're basically GTA:O Yachts. Overpriced """"content"""" that's nothing more than art assets you get to look at. They add absolutely zero game content, while simultaneously touting the ""of course you don't need that"" mentality, while simultaneously making the game intentionally feel being designed in a way to make the game feel incomplete without it.It seems every game I once loved has turned into nothing more than a Corporate Capitalistic DLC Machine that will monetize absolutely every facet of the game that people allow them to get away with.What a shame."
76561198035673362,Recommended,306130,14962836,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Anus McWangus,"I've tried every f2p mmo I could download over the past 2yrs and not a single one has been able to hold my attention for very long before it gets unistalled, but So far the honeymoon for this game has been great. The combat is decent enough it almost feels like skyrims, which could be good or bad depending on the person but for me Its been better then most tab target mmo's. The justice system is fun and a good way to earn gold early on and the quests are far less generic then 90% of mmo's i've played. So glad they dropped the sub or I may have never found an mmo I could actually spend some time in."
,Recommended,306130,13037347,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Lancerr11,"Introduction :It is a time of strife and unrest. Armies of revenants and dark spirits manifest in every corner of Tamriel. Winters grow colder and crops fail. Mystics are plagued by nightmares and portents of doom.Four years ago, in 2E 578, an arcane explosion of energy in the Imperial City set off mystical aftershocks that swept across Nirn. Mages died or went mad. Supernatural abominations from the plane of Oblivion, the Daedra, appeared in greater numbers than ever before. The constellation of the Serpent grew so large that it dominated the night sky.So began the grand scheme of Molag Bal, Daedric Prince of domination and enslavement. His Dark Anchors, vortexes of evil magic, weaken the barrier between worlds, threatening to merge Nirn and Oblivion into a single, nightmarish hellscape.In the midst of this chaos, three alliances vie for control of the Imperial City and the White-Gold Tower. High Rock, Sentinel, and Orsinium stand as one, united under the rule of the High King in Wayrest. Valenwood and Elsweyr have forged an alliance of their own with Summerset, while Black Marsh, Morrowind, and Skyrim have formed a third, uneasy pact.The Daggerfall Covenant. The Aldmeri Dominion. The Ebonheart Pact.Three armies will take up arms against the Empire, and against each other, to wrest control of the Imperial City and White-Gold Tower from the dark forces of Oblivion itself.Where will your loyalties lie ?(+)Graphics :Graphics are absolutely amazing !! Yes , it is different from skyrim , but it is still amazing . There will be moments that you'll be staring at beautifully made architectures .(+)Soundtrack :Epic soundtrack with fast or slow tracks , perfectly fitted in to your current location . There is nothing more epic than Jeremy Soule playing while you slay through those skeletons .(+)Conversations :Conversations are just like any other Elder Scrolls game . From time to time you'll be giving the options of either killing someone or showing mercy , taking a powerful artifact to gain its power for yourself or store it in a safe location away from the dangerous hands . Your actions will be shaping the future of your quests .(+)Story :You're Vestige . A poor guy who's soul has been stolen by Molag Bol . After having your soul taken , and breaking out of a prison in Oblivion , you'll be hitting shores of one of the three available factions in the game . Each faction has different quests , different storylines . Each area has it's own problems , that onlyYOUcan solve .(+)Content :The content is huge .. There is questing which gets super fun with a friend , there are also dungeons and caves you can dive in to , fight special bosses , and clear them out with your friends . The content is pretty much the same as other Elder Scrolls games just made in to an online version .(+)PVP :The pvp is one of the best features of this game . Three factions fight over the control of an area standing in the middle of each faction , Cyrodiil . You can form parties up to 16 people , ride your horses in to battle . Build catapults to tear down walls of enemy keeps in a huge map . Seriously it's huge , try walking around witout a horse .(+)Gameplay :The gameplay is the best i have ever seen in an mmorpg before . This game literally made me a completionist . As I progressed through all the areas i was always like "" I had to collect all the skyshards , I had to collect all the lorebooks , I must finish all quests , oh what's that a side quest about racing lizards ? Heck yeah i'm in. ""The fact that you can use a shield as a mage , or a staff as a rogue(these are not the names of the classes , but they're close to it) is a great function . You can be a wizard with heavy armor and a two-handed , or a fierce warrior with a destruction staff . Who knows , it's your destiny ..My overall opinion on this game is that it's definitely worth the money . You'll enjoy every second of your gameplay . .10/10-Triskelion Turbella Reviews"
,Recommended,306130,11348000,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,[ATP]Cocktail,"This game has been great so far. I've played almost every MMO in the past 14 years from Everquest 1 to Warhammer Online to Guild Wars 2 and even the pedophile dens like Dragon's Nest. I like a lot of people, got a really bad impression of what the game was from the mass beta invites they sent out early on to give people a taste. I think this hurt the game in the long run but about 25 hours in I'm really hoping that the steam release/sale does the game a lot of good for it's population.I'll start by saying that as soon as you get in you feel like you're in another Elder Scrolls game. Nameless prisoner destined for a greater good trying to escape some terrible event that leads up to the rest of the story. The UI is minimal and the scenery is pretty gorgeous. While the game can be played in third person I would never spoil my experience by leaving first. The immersion is on par with any FPSRPG that has some out in recent times and outside being able to steal spoons and place buckets on people's heads you have a lot of little details to pay attention to in the world.You could honestly play this game as a single player ES game and be pretty content, but really the mega server system that they have has made it a great community as well. I've had a lot of good times just going out exploring or questing and finding other players on the same page as me. Similar to Guild Wars 2 everything has shared credit so you'll find people out and about and rather than resenting the people around you for ""stealing spawns"" you find yourself having people to group with on the most random of events.For the thirty dollars I spent I couldn't be happier. I would have gladly payed full price for the experience, as I'm having as much fun as I did when I played Skyrim for the first time."
76561198167834001,Recommended,306130,19294657,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Mbrainiac,Died respawned by a cliff saw a creature on the bottom jumped off while shooting the bow headshot 200000/10 would No-scope again.
,Recommended,306130,22854768,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Aegon Targaryen,"I played skyrim and when I learned ESO coming out I just said "" I must buy this game"" . After that I bought it with %50 discount. After 125 hour gameplay I can say :IT'S AMAZING DUDE ! If you have money don't waste time and buy this game.9/10 ...All body can add me for ask questions and get informations about ESO . I'll be happy to help you :)"
76561198059953732,Recommended,306130,12789639,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,strzelecki.maciek,"This game is NOT skyrim, nor World of Warcraft, and THIS  IS GOOD.Amazing graphics, Lots of flexibility in creating characters (healing rogue? sure! light armor mage tank? u got it! *viable builds!). Respeccable. Enthralling game universe. Questing experience that goes far beyond the usual ""kill 10 red monsters then kill 10 blue monsters then fetch an item"".  World exploration made fun due to gaining skill points. Crafting system that lets You get upgrades without insane ""farming"" resources - You still need some, but be surprised how little.I played guild wars 1&2, i was in Warcraft universe since Late vanilla, i tried lots and lots of crappy mmos in between.Now i found Elder Scrolls online and guess what - the (already bought) collectors edition of Warlords of Draenor wont be  installed for a long, looooong time (and that is - if ever)."
,Recommended,306130,23531474,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Proudnoob100,"I've only had the game for a week and I already have 60 hours in it.This is one of the few MMOs I've seen where the PvP is, if not almost, perfect. I haven't completed the main story or either faction story, but from what I've seen they're pretty interesting. The gameplay is very much like most MMOs, but with a bit of The Elder Scrolls games that we all know and love thrown into the mix. Also, this game has one of the best playerbases in any games I've played, with a plethora of guilds being dedicated to the different activities in the game i.e. PvP, crafting, trading, etc. and helping new players. Although, this game does still have quite a few bugs after 2 years, and with each update, even though bugs are patched, there are a few new ones.The game has 4 classes (Dragonknight, Sorcerer, Nightblade, and Templar) with 3 alliances (Aldmeri Dominion, Daggerfall Covenant, and Ebonheart Pact) and 9 races (10 with Imperial Edition. Races are Breton, Reguard, Orc, Nord, Argonian, Dark Elf, Khajiit, Wood Elf, High Elf, and Imperial) with each race (save for Imperial) being locked to one of the 3 alliances unless you have the Adventurer Pack from the crown store.If you buy the game through steam, you have to buy crowns (the game's premium currency used for special mounts, XP boosts, and even the DLC) through Steam, but I don't see that as a big deal. There's also a subscription service called ESO Plus that gives players access to all of the DLC as long as you're subscribed, 1500 crowns every month, a dedicated crafting bag with infinite inventory for crafting materials, and a 10% bonus to character progression. ESO Plus, however, can NOT be payed for through steam and must be done at the website.I do not think this game warrants the $60 and $80 price tag after 2 years, but unless you can't wait, I suggest you wait for the game to go on sale. Although, if you can't afford the Imperial Edition, you are able to buy the upgrade to it through the Crown store.Overall, this is a great game with solid gameplay and a great playerbase with a premium currency and subscription service with worthwhile benefits."
76561198148912697,Recommended,306130,20041054,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Valkor The Blood Dragon,I would say that thais is one of the best games ive played so far the lore is justed what i hoped for the combat it alot of fun the qeusts for the most part are really good im only level 12 so i will probably update this later the speaking the leveling its kind of slow well thats how it seems the max level only goes to 50 but i know their is more after that. The main story is doen perfectly so far at the time of this refiew eso is on sale standurd game is around 25 bucks and the imperial is i think 31 bucks if you are willing to spend the extra cash get the imperial. oh and dont mind all those guys who have played sence beta that are very negative about it alot has changed and their is no longer a monthly fee. So yea its a great game its worth  buying. Hope this review helped :)
,Recommended,306130,27185665,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ippe,"Best MMO I have ever played. Great fun with friends.7,7/10"
,Recommended,306130,20219017,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SirGaros,Good+Graphics+Music+Quests+PvP+Addons+Can join up to 4 Guilds at the same timeBad-Not a server wide Auction system-fps drops at cities ( AMD user here)
,Recommended,306130,20689375,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,smokeynate,"as you can see, i put 677 hours into this game... that was in 2 months. i had to stop playing due to this game being so great that it ruled my life. i was putting 14 hrs a day into this game and pulling all nighters multiple times a week. best two months of my life."
,Recommended,306130,23612635,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,DawnOfADream,Absolutely addicted! There is so much to do and the game is so damn beautiful. Love it <3
,Recommended,306130,23845429,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Travi$Pepe | chaonyx,they best buy to play mmos out their no pay to win features. as you can tell from my hours i love this game it had a rocky start buy was able to overcome it and have a special place in my heart.
,Recommended,306130,25878857,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,GBL™,"Best MMO around at the moment in terms of fun, graphics, ease of getting into."
,Recommended,306130,19910574,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Black Agnes,"The game is really good, if you are not sure you should try it, I'm sure you will like it. Worth the money."
76561198157179910,Recommended,306130,20993947,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,WippsMcGee,very fun the story and gameplay delivers
76561198086891708,Recommended,306130,24068840,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,StryderWest,"The game got a bad rep in the start, but once people got over the fact that it isn't Skyrim they realized that it isn't that bad of a game. It may be the worst elder scrolls game, but that's like having a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mansion. It's still pretty fricken cool. Combat system is a little repetitive and I have heard the endgame isn't too good, but have fun getting to end game because leveling in this game takes forever, and that's a good thing. It gives you more time to enjoy the quests the good old fashioned elder scrolls way."
76561198268417904,Recommended,306130,26005410,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Selaphiel888,"This game is a great game for people who enjoy questing, exploring, pvp, and pve combat! This game makes for a amazing game to play with friends and the graphics are absolutely stunning! For people who enjoyed the last Elder Scrolls game, this is the right pick for you!"
,Recommended,306130,27225325,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ŽvΞrca,Love this game
76561198013652729,Recommended,306130,32868439,Posted: 27 June,all,Rhys,"An immersive, beautiful experience. Since launch this game has made leaps and bounds into becoming, in my opinion, one of the greatest immersive games of all time, second only to Skyrim.However, unlike Skyrim this is indeed an MMORPG, so as you quest, explore and fight your way through Tamriel it really feels like a living breathing world, as you see players everywhere going about their digital lives.A must play if you are an Elder Scrolls fan, and/or an MMORPG fan."
,Recommended,306130,29745371,Posted: 6 February,all,avrilegotyu,"I definitely recommend playing this. It's not like every other MMO you play out there, it's so much more. There's so many elements to this game, I don't think one reviewer is capable of putting everything worth mentioning down. Its combat system, while not exactly like the previous games in the series, it does a nice job at translating it to a MMO. There's so many options for your characters as well. Many Skill Lines, some are class specific, some are race specific, but most are skill lines everyone can learn. Want to be a thieving sorcerer? Go for it! An assassin healer? Yup you can be that too.On top of all these things, the possibilities of Role Playing instead of just going through the motions are immense. With the addition of Homestead today, you can have private Role Plays or just go out into the world like normal and Role Play with the rest of the world. The community has several Role Players, some familiar with the setting and some not, that you won't run out of things to do.The only downfall I can think of? It's hard to stop playing."
,Recommended,306130,29853359,Posted: 11 February,all,ZyevL,Mantap Jiwa 9/10
,Recommended,306130,29926488,Posted: 14 February,all,Ahri Safari,"Everyone says ""dont expect it to be Skyrim as an MMO"" yet that is exactly what this is. This IS Skyrim as an MMO. Not pay to win. Fun game. If you like MMOs you'll enjoy this. If you liked Skyrim, you MIGHT enjoy this."
76561198309259598,Recommended,306130,30161222,Posted: 25 February,all,Morric,"I've heard very bad things about the state this game has launched in years ago,but I'm simply a fan of the Elder Scrolls series so I picked it up on sale and I coulnd't be more satisfied.You get a huge open world with many regions of Tamriel that we didn't get to see in any singleplayer game yet and it's very well made,looks really pretty with the exception of some rather blurry textures that sting the eyes if you walk directly into them.Most importantly though it feels and plays exactly like you would expect an Elder Scrolls game to play with every feature the single player game's have except modding of course.Perhaps the only negatives I can bring up about this game is the extreme lack of inventory space if you pick up crafting materials and don't have the eso-plus membership-exclusive crafting bag,which is a pretty big bummer until you get enough gold to increase your bank and inventory space.Also,the pricing for cosmetics in the crown store can be downright ridiculous.But even so,if you're looking for the biggest explorable and playble version of Tamriel,you got it.9/10 do recommend."
,Recommended,306130,29845953,Posted: 11 February,all,MotherofDragons,"One of the Best MMO of this generation so far, and yes that says alot right here's why.-Buy 2 play and the DLC's are optional but you can play perfectly without it-No Monthly fees-PVP-Use every weapon and armor you want to create your build nomatter what race or class-Friendly community and lots off players that can help if your new or ask for help with a world boss.-Great voice acting and story with lots off quests to do-You can play this game at your own pace since everything is scaled and thats great for people that dont have time to play everyday so you dont have the feeling that your always far behind off people that play for years.The only downsides imo-The combat could use a revamp maybe some combos with swords/daggers and pick a element for the mages.-Not open world loading screens between zones."
,Recommended,306130,30179270,Posted: 25 February,all,Skullfix,So. Many. Sidequests.
76561198213518461,Recommended,306130,29865486,Posted: 11 February,all,OffBrandMtnDew - farmskins.com,This game is awesome but I keep getting kicked out of the server for some reason
76561198058711316,Recommended,306130,29843836,Posted: 11 February,all,Booman,Damm is big and endless!! You cant get bored with this game GL to the new players :D :D
76561198069440076,Recommended,306130,30142630,Posted: 24 February,all,YoZ,Nice way to spend time. Comunity is very nice and helpful.
,Recommended,306130,29785849,Posted: 8 February,all,Milkallama,Has that Elder Scrolls feel while being an MMO.
,Recommended,306130,29789782,Posted: 8 February,all,TheGreatGreenGrimReefer,"Hard to get into at first, though I'd only recommend playing it with friends as it can be dull playing it solo"
,Recommended,306130,29793715,Posted: 8 February,all,Savy,"Amazing game. Amazing solo play, amazing lore, amazing group play, and amazing end game. The game has truly turned itself around since release. If you haven't played this game since the beta/release you SHOULD EASILY give it another chance. I played during the beta and first week of release and never touched it again because I wasn't enjoying myself and was very dissapointed. It's so sad this game has a lingering bad reputation from the past which I believe is holding it back."
,Recommended,306130,28343901,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Eclipse,"I've never gotten addicteedd so fast to a game.Its not like skyrim with it's mmo components but it's really a fun game. Highly reccomended, I give it a 87/100."
76561198073145018,Recommended,306130,27860225,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kalara,"I have never played a MMORPG before and was excited when I got in the Beta for ESO. Unfortunately, even though I thought it was fun, I got caught up in the ""WoW is better"" hype and didn't buy the game when it released. I finally bought this game when it became Tamriel Unlimited and I absolutely love it. I prefer single player games which is why this one works so well for me. I can join up with a group easily if I want to do something particularly hard then hop right out when I'm done. The UI was easy to get used to and the story keeps me wanting to play (which is why I loved Skyrim so much).I definitely recommend this game if you like solo adventuring. There are areas you will probably need to group with others but it's easy to do."
,Recommended,306130,26902748,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AdamQ_Design,"One of the best MMOs on the market currently IMO, addicted!"
76561198018664257,Recommended,306130,26897644,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spodoba,"Something between  Morrowind and Oblivion in graphics and world , but not Skyrim. A lot of quest, but most of them are generic, bring three items, or kill three monsters, and similar types.For me the worst thing in game is immersion in game world. A quest sends me in some old and dangerous dungeon, to fight some epic enemy, but there are more people in there then in train station. I have used potions, applied buffs, sharpened my weapons, but when i entered the dungeon, all the monsters where dead. I walked to the end of the dungeon, just to see some players murdered the main boss, and then i picked some item from his body, and the quest was done. I felt cheated and disappointed.Thats the only big problem that i have with ESO, and maybe it will change after i explore more of the map.The world is big, and there is a lot of content in it  that i didnt even started.This is my first MMORPG, and i cant compare it with others, so for now i will recommend this game."
,Recommended,306130,28680921,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Baron Risk,Pros+Main Quest is the best+One main quest can take around 1-2 hours.+Weapons+Storyline+CharactersCons-Need to have guide while doing quests-You are totally on your own for some quests as there wont be any directions or clue in case you are lost/stuck-You won't be seeing your family again-You will fail your exams-Freakishly AddictiveVerdict:10/10Take me away again.
,Recommended,306130,29202243,Posted: 12 January,all,AngryRobotFTW,"Well I originally avoided this game because of bad reviews at launch and the subscription model but now with the new buy to play model I decided to give ESO another chance. All i can say is I've felt like a fool for not trying this game sooner. Incredible immersion and the voice acting is superb. Combat is fun and feels impactful, music is epic and the questing system doesn't feel like so many other mmorpgs. ESO feels organic like everything is just happening naturally around you and you can choose to be a part of it or go about your business. love this game, can't wait to drop endless hours in."
,Recommended,306130,28834745,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,</Dougall>,"Good game besides the story, but everything else makes up for it like gameplay and graphics. I feel the game is soon going to become a full pay to win as it comes out with some minor updates to give gear or help gain gear. Besides that the pvp is amazing and has mostly a good community and roleplay experience. One thing i would like to say aswell is the searching for groups is very bad, So if you would like to grind on dungons on a low level good luck it will take awhile to find a group. With all that said i reccomend this game becuase it does supply an amazing amount of fun for hours besides the grinding."
,Recommended,306130,26736647,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Cirom,"It is rare that I truly ENJOY an MMO, but I feel my time wasn't wasted with this one. A much more active combat system and an interesting levelling system (One Tamriel~!) makes for an MMO that I'm actually *not* getting bored of after the first few hours.Just.. don't go in expecting ""Skyrim Online"", because it's not. Go in expecting an MMO game with Elder Scrolls features."
,Recommended,306130,27040727,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AzureanStudios,"Update: Nominated for ""Just 5 More Minutes Award"" for Steam Awards 2016Spent a very long time thinking this would be awful compared to TES III, IV, V. It's REALLY good. Played during the free weekend and ended up buying Gold Edition before the free weekend was over! The exploration fans of TES will NOT be disappointed. This game sacrifices very little depth to accomplish a genuinely ""All-Tamriel"" experience. MMO's are always slightly less detailed, sure, but if you're a fan of Oblivion or Skyrim—those games are pretty streamlined already as it is, so you're not missing much.A Morrowind fan is the only person who might feel that this game is a bit too thin, but again, just do a lot of exploring, and you'll find yourself enjoyably overwhelmed by the geography instead of the features and mechanics (like you are in Morrowind of course) Morrowind has geography that's pretty easy to get grasp of, but the amount of possibilities during gameplay are what make it feel so vast and infinite. ESO, then, is quite the opposite in that regard—if you're a TES III purist, you'll find comfort in knowing that the cut-down in dialogue and other features have been compensated for in sheer size and possibilities of where to go, what to do. Not to mention the crafting system almost completely replaces the infinite complexity of Morrowind's enchantment, alchemy and other creation systems.One thing I didn't realize going in to ESO is that EVERYONE who's played ANY TES game will get to see part of said TES game's geography in a whole new light, and, other than for the Skyrim areas, of course, they all look far better than original game worlds from I-V. And you get a powerful sense of familiarity when visiting, say, Anvil, or a non-destroyed Chorrol, or a completely realized Daggerfall, etc. Lots of good feels!Even people like me who have been holding out strongest for TES games set in Summerset Isles, Valenwood, Elseweyr, Black Marsh... you can visit a large portion of those places NOW in this game, and they look BETTER than almost every TES game did to date—so why was I complaining? This game is great for TES purists, despite how long I wasted thinking it would be a cheap, awful-looking WoW clone or something.JUST GET IT!"
,Recommended,306130,27839944,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SoulRaveger,"It's a very good mmo, in my opinion, I recomend it. It's true at launch the game wasn't very good, but now it's competing with the best mmo's on the market.PS: don't play this game if you want another Skyrim. This is a mmo, in the ES universe."
76561198143413437,Recommended,306130,26694141,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ткрисоль,10 login error/10
76561198036397438,Recommended,306130,27309765,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NOK3R_PLAYS,"After about 180 hours of playtime in this game, I finally feel i should do a review for those players out there who dont know if this game is worth its price... So let me get this straight, it is definetely worth it.So you might have heard alot of bad things about the game but that just come from people who used to play the game back when it was buggy and pretty much not worth it.. So I am going to write why I like this game more then any other MMORPG out there.- Fluent and immersive combat system- Epic Storylines ( Havent skipped a single dialog)- Stunning graphics ( considering it is an mmorpg)- Not pay to win- Interesting PVP/ PVE systems- Opened customization optionsIf you love the elder scrolls story, you'd love this game considering it is set a thousand years before skyrim. You should try it out... really"
,Recommended,306130,26708918,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,prokda,nutty
,Recommended,306130,19542289,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ƲƁℰℜ Ɖ℟ⓘⱴⱸℝ,"No matter what class you choose you will probably have fun with it because of the unique spells and skills that each class can aquire, the gameplay is very fluid and the PvP is really cool being able to go into a big war with a bunch of wizards, swordsman, archers, and healers. The PvE is also very fun being able to do dungeons with friends and either killing everything or getting killed. I definitely reccomend this game to people wanting to play a new game or changing to a different MMO. Very solid game!"
,Recommended,306130,26770348,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Dude,Better then the The Elder Scrolls: Legends :^)
,Recommended,306130,20390286,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,anger level ★★★★★★,thy sad the game not  like skyrm thats not true the more better then all mmo games and its like u play  all elder scroll from 1 to skyrm best game ever
76561198060319544,Recommended,306130,23901030,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SirJefafa,"10/10 would wait eleventy hundred years for support to respond before making entirely new account to play game again*Update*Used new account to login, says login info is incorrect, resets password and checks to make sure if user id is put in correctly, its correct, enters it, login info is incorrect, drop kicks computer, breaks toe in the process, medical bill still doesnt cost as much as it did to play this game."
,Recommended,306130,24016964,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,EvelynFox,I tried to hit a guard chasing someone who might have probably stole something. I got notorious! Now the guards are chasing me too... Will never hit a guard again.
,Recommended,306130,27287149,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rutherford,"The nexus of the MMORPG genre,ESO is an excellent game thats simple yet dynamic character building system is unmatched in any other MMO. The map and graphics is by far the most beautiful of the MMO world and offers thousands of locations and quests.Excellent game worthy of the elder scrolls name."
76561198072887399,Recommended,306130,27271953,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Morty,I purchased the Imperial editon of this game for ps4 back when it came out and i never put the time into it like i should have. I resently purchesed it when the game was on sale for pc. The gameplay and mmo factors are great! I love hearing some of the same voice actors from Skyrim in the game. I would recomend this game to anyone who loved skyrim or loves mmos. I wouldnt recomend you buy it on console though mmos are best played on pc in my oppinon.
,Recommended,306130,27668684,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dis_the_chris,"TESO is an innovative MMO that mixes the combat mechanics of skyrim with the Magic mechanics of other MMOs. The main quest is interesting and fun, and the group delves and dungeons are loads of fun to do with friends. Challenging boss fights   keep the game interesting, and the areas scale to your level so you are always having challenging fun.The game is lots of fun as an MMO, but if you're wanting a 'skyrim online' then this isnt a game for you. would recommend.8.4/10"
76561198000269577,Recommended,306130,27091642,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Archaeus Steelvein,"I actually really like this MMO plenty of content (Quests, Zones and Dungeons) with first persaon combat and nice music. Ignore what you've heard and give it a try! who knows, you might actually enjoy it."
,Recommended,306130,18618132,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"MMORPG + Elder Scrolls universe = TESO. What more could you wish for?But seriously. It's NOT a WoW clone like some would suggest. If you've played games like Rift and The Secret World, that's more in line of how the MMO aspect of it is. It's an action MMO. You don't just sit there and spam number keys until you win. Constant moving and rolling are absolute musts in serious combat. The blocking mechanic is much more important than it may appear to be as well. And no, there's no headshots, it's still an MMO.The first person view animations are extremely detailed. Every once and a while, I enjoy casting spells from an FPS perspective. Of course, 3rd person is king in an MMO, but that doesn't take away the fact that first person was very well exectuted and an occasional treat when I'm up for it.Crafting is well done. Combat and leveling are well done. The Crown Store is extremely fair with no pay walls. You can literally buy the game and never invest a penny into it...unless you want the DLC of course. But I dare you to not buy a cool looking mount or pet at one point or another =)Tons of content regarding the beloved Elder Scrolls lore. Don't let this fool you if you're new to MMO's but familiar with Skyrim or Oblivion. It may be an action MMO, but don't expect the type of combat and controls you get in either of those games. It's an MMO afterall, but wilh great animations, sick looking spells, heavy emphasis on positioning/blocking during major fights and an aesthetically pleasing UI.The graphics may not compare to single player games, but man, for an MMO I'm in love with it's aesthetics and general look. The Elder Scrolls art direction is in FULL effect here. (One of the dungeons will even make you think back to the beginning sewers in Oblivion)The sound design is top quality. And that music. The title screen music alone totally rocks!As always, it's best to play with friends or family to have a blast. Your crafting will compliment each other as well. Although, you shouldn't have too much trouble soloing if that's your thing. Finding groups for dungeons is quick and easy and TBH, the game just isn't very hard. Ever. You'll out level an area way before you finish all the quests, especially if you're running dungeons in between. It's the only gripe I have with TESO. The game is just too easy. I haven't tried out PVP yet, but from what I hear from people close to me, it's pretty damn good.It's my favorite MMO to date. Highly recommended.TDLR:If you like action MMO (like The Secret World) and the Elder Scrolls lore, this one's a no brainer. Get it."
,Recommended,306130,26946115,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Cthulhu, the Lord and Savior",It's fun
,Recommended,306130,24314833,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,elysiumbay,"Bethesda you did great job but please catch the news. Please add Metal graphics for macOS!!Blizzard did this for WoW, Starcraft II and Heroes of The Storm already. They are in beta progress now but when i tried I saw great performance improvement! Please make this soon as possible. We love you <3"
76561198061762101,Recommended,306130,26731417,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Shantz,A little grindy but overall really good mmo. Couldn't have spent cash on a better acquisition. Fully reccomend if you love MMORPG'S and are a fan of Elder Scrolls lore!
,Recommended,306130,31371845,Posted: 26 April,all,meatboy87,"Actually I recommended this game is for gameplay, just buy the other one, Gold Edition,.your money is worth if you spend on that one, Tamriel Unlimited is lesser DLC than Gold Edition, even Tamriel Unlimited have cost a bit money than Gold Edition, but TRUST ME, buy the other one.Overall gameplay is out 10/10+ display graphics+ costumize things+ build your own storyline+ endless quest+ etc- buy CROWNS for additonal customizeIf you have enough Minimum Specification Requirement PC or Laptop, I'm 10/10 recommended you play this MMORPG game. but remember, buy the Gold Edition, it's like a Tamriel Unlimited + 4 DLC.Thank me later.."
76561198052336082,Recommended,306130,19411392,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Thiadon,"TL:DR  The Elder Scrolls Online is one of the most ambitious and well-executed MMOs on the market. The only close competitor is The Secret World, which has better character customization (no classes, any character can learn everything), and better story, but less content overall and is a grind. There's more to do in ESO, and more to come, and the rest is pretty good.ESO is currently my main game. I played in beta, I own 10 accounts, I have a VR16 (max level) and 7 VR level characters in total. I am max in every tradeskill. So don't let the hours listed on steam fool you. I usually start the client from desktop.Pros-Any class can play any role (although there is still imbalance among classes; it would be better if the devs made all abilities accessable to every character, and had classes just be a starting point that don't prevent you from learning something, or building your own class/template, as the single player games do, and as the Secret World does)-Huge world to explore; and it is growing-New content and PvP are both open to low-level (who get scaled up) and high-level players at the same time-All dungeons scale up-Interesting stories; not all of them are interesting, but there are a ton of quests and some really good writing-Dungeon pledges (Undaunted guild is awesome in general)-You can steal things from the environment and NPCs as you can in the single-player games; thieves guild will be added in the next DLC, and dark brotherhood will be added after that-Your decisions impact the story at least in small ways; a character who lives or dies through your choices will show up later, or not, etc.-Maelstrom Arena (solo) and Dragonstar Arena (group) are fantastic, challenging, repeatable content-Combat and interface are pretty damn good and engaging for an MMO, timing and player skill matter-The Champion System enables horizontal progression beyond the leveling system; although they are planning to gate gear based on accumulated champion points, which the community, in general, opposes-They will be removing veteran ranks going forward so that players will reach a level cap and not have to worry about it increasing thereafter-They will be implementing spellcrafting going forward (potentially allowing any character to learn any ability other than passives)-They will have a justice system going forward where players can bounty-hunt other players-The crafting system is incredibly deep-It's fun-The dye system is pretty cool, as are motifs and custom sets-Controller support is in now!Cons-Classes that prevent players from learning the abilities of other classes; this was not the case in previous Elder Scrolls games; there were classes in those games, but whatever class you started with, you could still eventually learn everything; some people think classes are needed for an MMO, however, TSW has shown this isn't the case, and you do not end up with a single cookie-cutter build dominationg, although there are flavor of the month builds that people create builds to beat the next month, you end up with more diversity with more options, not less-Still lots of ""kill 10 of X and bring me their heads"" kind of quests (the Witcher 3 has shown how questing, even side quests, should work, all MMOs could learn from it)-The damn guild auction system; I understand the reasons for it, and that it provides a disincentive to macroers and gold farmers, but it still frustrates the hell out of me-Imbalance between classes and races, even at end-game-Respecing is an enormous gold and time sink; TSW lets you learn all abilities and choose which ones you'll use whenever you're not in combat, for free, and you can store builds and switch gear and ability choices instantly with a push of a button based on the content you are facing; that is a much better, and deeper, system; dungeons and raids in ESO are pretty good, but TSW is better from this perspective, just not enough of them-No ability to change character look (particularly voice and race) after creation, although this is being worked on-You can only train your mount one point per day; bloody headache-The devs keep nerfing grinds, it sucks that you need to have at least one of every class to learn every ability, so you're forced to make alts (I would prefer one character that I can learn every ability on, but have to pick and choose what I use); making you repeat the same content over and over on each alt sucks-Achievements are not account-wide, but at least champion points areThere's are many great things about ESO, so many good stories, lots of big and small dungeons, and so much to do that it can be overwhelming at times. It's a great game and worth investing your time and money in as it looks like things will get better over time, even if ZOS stumbles now and then."
,Recommended,306130,24258051,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Bandit,"Played only for a few hours (as of 7/11/16) and I have to say that i'm impressed. The combat is not like a standard MMO, it is more like skyrim's combat system. The leveling system is limited (only a few trees to make only a few playstyles), but I find it acceptable. The graphics are satasfying, but i recomend that you download some graphics mods on the nexus.VERDICT/RATING (so far): 8.5/10"
,Recommended,306130,24267926,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,NachoCaesar,"After only a few hours of gameplay I have barely scratched the surface of what the elder scrolls online has to offer. The elder scrolls online feels and plays like a traditional elder scrolls game. However it incorporates the qualities of a great MMO. I was able to really immserse myself with my favorite race and alliance. (High Elf, Aldmeri Dominion). The game offers a stunning immersive experience where you can explore all across tamriel. Even though the launch and initial beta was horrible, now it is a game worth purchasing. I recomend this to anyone who enjoys the Elder Scrolls Series."
,Recommended,306130,31342269,Posted: 24 April,all,DoomMunky,"I'm an MMO newcomer, and I enjoy this a fair bit. It is a pretty damn good adaptation of the Elder Scrolls games into an MMO. It's VERY solo friendly, which is awesome, and some great UI mods make it immersive and exploration friendly. I use Wykkyd's Immersion and True Exploration (by Shinni) which help make it less of a follow-the-quest-arrow experience, and more like roaming through a strange, distant land. Combat is pretty fun, and rewards positioning and light tactics, way better than just managing cooldowns. Your character yells a lot in combat, making it sound like she's falling down stairs.It's also remarkably easy to join a friendly guild, group up, and find a dungeon to run through with others. I found the level 1 dungeon I did pretty rote - the boss fight was about whittling down a health bar, and barely engaging - but the level 2 version of that dungeon, the Veteran dungeon, required close teamwork to get to the boss, and I still haven't beaten her, after perhaps 15 attempts with two different groups. That's cool, and shows the high level play can get interesting.9/10 would listen to my character fall down stairs any day."
,Recommended,306130,31233953,Posted: 19 April,all,Shame,Definitely worth playing. When it first came out I had early concerns about it mainly because I was too into World of Warcraft at the time but now I have finally given it a chance it is very much worth getting. It has a large and friendly community and it still has content to come so it wont get old anytime soon. It may even become funner than World of Warcraft and WoW is one of my most favourite games of all time. I haven't played it as much as some other dedicated players have but I will definitely be on this more in the future. Unlike some other unfortunate games I have stopped playing for whatever reason which is the majority of them...
,Recommended,306130,31257165,Posted: 20 April,all,electrino,A regular TES experience.
,Recommended,306130,31397879,Posted: 27 April,all,Sassy Dinosaur,"Now it may seem like I haven't played this game for a very large amount of time, but I have played at least a couple hundred hours on PS4, and now I have experienced it on PC to see what feels different, I feel like I can make a much more valid review.Now, I know this game recieved a lot of criticism at launch, and fair enough. But I know you have all probably heard this waaaay too many times, but it is NOT Skyrim Online. This is certain. But do not be mistaken, it is most certainly an Elder Scrolls game. I say this, because (I know, I have well over 500 hours on Skyrim) it just... feels like one. It's kinda hard to explain, but so easy to know. It just has that feel of one of those games (at least to me). I have multiple friends who have tried it and hated it, a few that have tried it and found it ok, and a few that have loved it. I, personally, love it. Anyway, back to the while Elder Scrolls feel: I think it is largely down to the whole questing part, the story, and the characters. Now, I know that pretty much every game has a story, but I, personally, find this game (Well, the series in general) to have such a great story and backstory and everything. And, it's just so expansive. Like, it is a seriously big game.QUESTSFirstly there is  the main questline based around Molag Bal and Coldharbour and all that stuff. I really enjoyed it. Secondly, there are the 3 other main(ish) questlines. One for each alliance - Ebonheart Pact, Aldmeri Dominion and Daggerfall Covenant. They are all very large questlines that have plenty of content and loot, each spanning over the small 1/2 tutorial areas and 5 large main regions that each alliance has. After this are the Fighters and Mages guild questlines, both actually really fun.CONTENTThe incredibly large amount of content throughout all the zones is incredible. Mainly, you have the alliance questline that takes you to certain places around each zone to do certain tasks for certain reasons (usually involving Daedra). Then, you have all the other places around the region that usually have 1 short quest chain and another random quest usually involving collecting stuff or killing certain things. There are then a load of things to do, even after all the quests. each zone has 3 Dark Anchors, kind of mini boss battles that spawn randomly in specific locations. There are then several world bosses (As you would guess, just random bosses that are actually pretty difficult when there aren't 20 people helping). After that there are then several delves which are just dungeons you can do solo if you want, or with other people. There are also Public Dungeons and Group Dungeons (And Trials) but I feel this is already way too long.HOW IT PLAYSIt has a kind of MOBAesque feel to it, with the whole way the abilities and weapons work, but I HATE MOBAs and I have no qualms with the combat in ESO. I mean, I guess it's just regular MMO combat, thinking about it. There are four classes: Nightblade, Dragonknight, Templar and Sorcerer. They all have very unique skill lines, and are mostly made to suit certain playstyles (eg. Dragonknights are debatably the best at being a Tank), but if you really want and with a knowledge of tge game's mechanics, you could make almost any class fit any group role (DPS, Tank, Healer).PvPWell, I must say straight up, I LOVE the PvP in this game. And I will also say, I rarely like PvP in games like this as I'm so s*** at it. On PS4 I had probably the worst build ever, and I admit that I didn't enjoy it that much then as I could never win  a fight. But now that I've paid some attention to my build, I am having so much fun. Just the way it's sort of like a strategy  game where you have to capture the forts and certain points to gain buffs and gain control of the throne, yet you are still the ones fighting, it's awesome. But you know what's even more awesome? The actual battles. Like, seriously, it is probably almost, if not the best PvP experience i have ever had. Just, the HUGE battles you can have, up to huge amounts of players (I think it can probably get as big as at least 50v50) with a sort of castle siege thing going on with ballistas and catapults and battering rams. It is just amazing.DLCYes, there is DLC. Currently 5 DLC content packs with 4 new zones (one of them just adds 2 dungeons). I have 3 of them on PS4 - Orsinium, Thieves Guild and Dark Brotherhood. I'm sure a few of you will be sad to see that two such major aspects of previous games are DLC, but I believe they are totally worth the price. For just £25 you an get 5500 Crowns which is enough premium currency to buy the ""Guilds and Glory"" DLC pack. It has the 3 aforementioned DLCs alongside the Imperial City DLC, which gives a few dungeons and some PvE activities, and adds the Imperial City as a free-for-all PvP zone. I absolutely love all 3 of the DLCs I have, and would definitely reccomend them to anyone who gets into the game. There is also the Morrowind DLC coming soon, which adds all of Vvardenfell (the red mountain island from Morrowind) and a helluva lot of content.So, I've probably missed a huge chunk of the game out of my unneccessarily long review, but I'm just gonna do a Pros and Cons section now, to kind sum things up.PROS:- Huge amount of content (Questlines, zones, endgame etc)- Awesome storylines that totally earn the Elder Scrolls name- One of the best PvP activities I have ever experienced- HUGE level of customisability- Heavy, Medium and Light Armour alongside pretty much every weapon type- Dyeing stations allow armour colouring to add even more customisation- So many abilities and equipment combinations: can fit anyone's playstyle- Different from previous crafting: The material determines the level, not the style. You have seperate style materials so              .      you can have max level armour in any crafting style. No more must have Daedric armour!- Great Multiplayer feel, but not neccessary, you can just as easily ride soloCONS:- Can get boring once the quests are finished if you are alone, but granted it'll take you a damn long time to do that- Not to everyone's taste, you need to really like it to get into it.- Quite a lot of content locked in DLC, but it's not Destiny, you don't need it to keep up with everyone else- NOT SKYRIM ONLINE BUT JUST STOP COMPLAINING- I'm sure I'll think of something else, but right now I'm out"
,Recommended,306130,31526453,Posted: 3 May,all,Mattyxloco,This game is great!It's a MMORPG but with the style of The Elder Scrolls.I like it don't have so much options like skyrim but it's very good to play with friends.8.123456789/10
,Recommended,306130,26722001,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,sotiris007,Great MMO! :D great to play alone great to play with friends!
,Recommended,306130,28777240,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Midget Mafia,I’d hate to be a giraffe with a sore throat.
76561198090837223,Recommended,306130,24275129,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,dAmnation69,"Coming from a long lineage of playing MMO games, 2 of my most fav being WOW and DIABLO... it took me longer than usual to start this game.GREAT graphics, nice mechanics, fluid gameplay, smooth performance, updated constantly and full of pvp campaigns. Many people complain it's hard to lv up yet they haven't played the game for more than a couple of days. You'll reach 50 even before you know it, and you'll feel like there's still so much left to do. The story, the small details, the combat system, everything is really well done!This isn't another grind-centered MMO, it's a first real massive multiplayer RPG, where you have your story, you're making decisions, etc. Plus everything else is great: frequent updates, dungeons, community. If you are an elder scrolls fan you will love this game for the lore and story, if you are an MMO fan you will love this game for being refreshing and taking a different approach to combat and questing as other MMO's. If you like RPG's you will love the fact that you are not forced to play in groups and can also perfectly play the game alone.Pros : TO DAMN ADDICTIVECons: TO DAMN ADDICTIVE"
,Recommended,306130,20620770,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Dawbsy™ is sad.,"I mean, it's alright.It could always have more to do."
76561198127117688,Recommended,306130,19890194,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ASW-G-08,Why did i pay $72 for this when i can get it on eso website for $32?
,Recommended,306130,30088337,Posted: 21 February,all,Cpt. Thunderhawk,fun gamenice communitywhat more do you need
76561198042300078,Recommended,306130,27355077,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Basti,"I bought this game on sale after the recent free weekend. While I usually don't play MMORPGs I enjoy ESO quite a lot.Don't buy this game and expect something like Skyrim, you will be disappointed. Its an MMORPG set in the Elder scrolls universe.While we can't travel to places that've been already explored in the Elderscrolls games the continent Tamriel still offers a lot. Content wise you will probably need 300+ hours just to finish all quest and explore every land, not even thinking about lategame PvE like dungeons and PvP."
76561198029761353,Recommended,306130,31124033,Posted: 13 April,all,Dragonier,"I enjoy ESO. One of the better MMO's out there in my opinion. The questing with voice acted contacts can really get you into the game, especially if you just want to kick back and solo, take in some story and lore. Soundtrack is great, it's graphically enjoyable, combat mechanics are decent.  Some of the expansions have been a disappointment, but Orsinium was great. Looking forward to Morrowind.  In all, a very good game, I recommend giving it a look."
,Recommended,306130,27261397,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vLϕϕn3R,"If you are looking for a game like Skyrim, DO NOT GET THIS GAME. THIS GAME IS NOT LIKE SKYRIM. However, if you are looking for possibly the best mmorpg game I have ever played and you probably will ever play, this is for you.Pros:Very good communityExcellent questing, story, and PvP.Very detailed scenery and LOTS to exploreUI customizeableHundreds to thousands of hours of things to doPay once and play (with a subscription option and premium currency, which i will talk about later.)Cons:Leveling is somewhat of a grindThere is a premium currency and dlc's but really, if you love the game it is DEFINITELY worth the buyAnd if you are more of a sub kind of person, eso plus speeds leveling, covers the dlc issue, AND adds gives you 1500 premium currency per month, covering that issue as well.I sincerely reccomend this game to anyone interested in TESO lore, and just looking for an all around, good mmo.Thanks for reading!"
76561198072131617,Recommended,306130,27267857,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scoobls,Best MMO Combat I've ever experinced and great side quest/ story line that doesnt bore the living hell out of you. In total I have never played an MMO that I enjoyed so much. I usually quit MMO's around level 15-20 cause I get Bored of repetativness but in this game that has seized to happen and I'm really enjoying myself.
,Recommended,306130,27283850,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OneofakindKnight,"Rating: 8/10Pros:A clean UI MMO with good skills and skill trees. I enjoyed this alongside similarly set up games like Guild Wars 2 and Wildstar where you don't have a huge amount of skills to worry about and can switch weapons easily.Oh, coloring is a pro. Provided you've completed achievements you get account-wide colors to use for free.Combat Mechanics. I love being able to interrupt with a simple bash.Recent changes to scaling. I really liked their recent change to make it so that every enemy you come up against - even if you're in a party with various levels of people - is scaled and you can deal damage if at low levels.Add-on support. Having these add-ons reminds me a lot of modding regular Skyrim, and I did enjoy that feeling. Can't live without my research assistant. ;DCons:No cosmetic armor system where you can slot armors you liked over your equipped armor - which is one of my favorite features of games like Wildstar and Lord of the Rings Online.No Minimap. Yes, you can easily load add-ons for it and I do - it just creates an excessive amount of lag since the minimap isn't a regular feature.Now I'm going to get a lil hate for this, but I'm going to have to say ""Skyrim Grunge"". I like Skyrim and all, but it has always felt dark and dirty. I have mods to make people look better in Skyrim, but in ESO there isn't a huge selection of facial styles like I would have preferred.All-in-all though I love this game, esp now that I have the DLCs and can easily steal and shank people at will, haha. Way easier to make small cash than the original Skyrim, and while it's not quite comparable to a Single Player game, I like it about as much. :)"
,Recommended,306130,28827338,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Deckcardcoin,"+ Nice action-combat system, like Neverwinter.+ Good graphics.+ No monthly sub required (though the ""ingredients bag"" is only available with the sub and is extremely useful).+ World quests and areas aren't level-gated. You can go where you fancy, play with friends of different levels, and always be earning xp.- World quests and areas aren't level-gated. Strangely, this also makes the world feel very flat. You lose a sense of progression (since no areas are harder than any others), and don't feel your character become more powerful.- Grindy.- Replayability not great. There are three different starting areas, but the main quest and guild quests are all the same and get very repetitive if you want to make a few characters."
,Recommended,306130,27910617,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TaiLow,"12/10, would milk mau in this game 10000000 timese before dropping it. only mmo that keeps me playing"
,Recommended,306130,16519885,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Pingus the Dingus,"This game is a great game and definitely worth the purchase now that they removed the required subscription. The combat is great and it still feels like an Elder Scrolls game while also feeling like an MMO. The only warning is the misconseption people have that his is Skyrim. THIS IS NOT SKYRIM. I can not stress this enough. This is its own game and if you enjoy it for that you will have a great time. The working with friends system could use a decent amount of work but it is still great. You can manage to play alone or with friends, both work. They also manage to have a premium store without it being a pay to win game. I would rate this 8/10"
,Recommended,306130,28171447,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,r3mus,"It´s honestly better than i expected,I played all of the elder scrolls games before and i have to say that as an MMO-Game its way beter than i thought.I see where all the complains about this game come from as there are microtransactions, some minor bugs here and there and some things that are unbalanced but the game itself is really enjoyable.Here are some of my positive and negative points about the game itself:++The character customization has expanded since Skyrim bringing a few races which couldn´t be used in all elder scroll games.+The animations are way better than any other Elder scrolls games.+The game looks good.+Optimization isn´t that bad although the frames drop here and there sometimes.+Controls aren´t ♥♥♥♥ed like in some MMO Games.+Quests are what you would expect but there are some special snow flakes from time to time which are really fun.+You can bring up your horse whenever you want and use it unlike in other elder scrolls games (besides arvak from skyrim).+There are many and i mean MANY different weapons and spells for you to use.--Microtransactions in this game are like refugees in europe, they´re everywhere.-The UI is sometimes really confusing and hard to adjust to but you can get used to it.-Crafting is really ""different"" than elder scrolls games and by ""different"" i mean really ♥♥♥♥ed up.-While there are some cool quests as i mentiond there are these quests:""Oh hello traveler i lost my pink panda bear and i need you to find it""After 2 hours of either punching your way through a horde of enemies with 10 million health points you find this god damn pink panda bear bear you hear this:""Oh thank you very much traveler for finding my pink panda bear now i can resume to ♥♥♥♥ IT IN THE♥♥♥♥♥ oh by the way here are your 5 gold pieces for recompensation.""Yeah that pretty much sums it up.-The combat system is pretty much pressing the left mouse button and pressing either 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 on your keyboard but i don´t honestly have a problem with that.Well i have really not much more to say about this game anymore you go on quests which you can find on your way to the main quests or by exploring the world and you do the quests and you cut your enemies heads off and gain treasures so you can cut off even more heads to gain even more treasures.As for me i like it as i do any other elder scrolls game and i would recommend it to anyone who likes elder scrolls or MMO games.For the end i would really like to say ♥♥♥♥ you to Mek who forced me to do this review, to anyone else have a good day."
76561197996513581,Recommended,306130,26721031,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Freud,"Can't see the reason behind these hastly and shallow negative reviews, ESO is a solid game.- Fun fighting mechanism, responsive and satisfying. Hack n Slash style which rewards reflexes,- Huge world to explore with nicely crafted scenery,-Great depth of Elder scrolls lore with voice acted quests, not incredible deep for a single player but outshines any MMO*Items are vast,Classes are fun to play, Variations of possible builds are liberating. Group play aspect is good.Crafting is deepAny Old/New school Rpg player can easily enjoy ESO, especially in the market of short and unreplayable rpgs.Don't mind the reviews, buy the game and play as it is ""a well polished MMO"""
76561198027194329,Recommended,306130,19500278,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ryan,"NOTICE: Unless you open the game FROM steam, it doesn't record hours played. So basically, the ""hours played"" number (for most people, including myself) is way less than the real number. For example, I have about 5 days played on 1 character and I'm not max level yet.To answer the most common question any MMORPG fans and/or Elder Scrolls fans will have...Yes, It's still an elder scrolls game and it feels very much like one.Yes, there's end game content (plenty of it) and pvp (which is surprisingly amazing).So... yup, you should buy and try.p.s. NO, The game isn't ""dead"" as some people (who clearly haven't played or researched it) say.Constant updates and expansions are always being developed."
76561198010324654,Recommended,306130,26700307,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Letsεt,"There are some odd design decisions, group dungeons are pure cancer, as YOU get punished (a penalty of 20 minutes or so, that you will have to wait in order to search for a new group) if someone else leave the raid group, if you actually manage to get a group (at least I am familiar of waiting for at least 1 hour sometimes for a group).Though the game is really beautiful, and have a lot of aesthetics worth experiencing.Moreover, I would like rare, high level (etc) weapons to deal way more damage than... lets say start weapons ( this is probably compensated by abilities which you can learn)I did like to see some of these things either fixed or worked upon since I think it hurts the game (at least for new commers)"
76561198024256225,Recommended,306130,26723049,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Cendir,"I am a huge  elder scrolls  fan. I love the single player games, and am a Tamriel Lore buff. When this first came out i played the beta to get a taste, it wasnt that bad, but the mmo elements  just killed it for me. ENTER Tamriel unlimited updat and the 4 day free days that we got . I AM SOLD. This can now be played as an  elder scrolls game, granted not skyrim level, or oblivion, but stil an ELDER SCROLLS game. BEAUTIFUL worlds, lots of intersting FULL VOICE ACTED  side quests , nice music, including music from the pastgames (god that oblivion nostalgia when i heard a song from like 7 -8years ago and still recognized it) I do not like mmos, i just dont. They just loose me , but this is the first i can say I enjoy becuase am playing it as an elder scrolls game, with more npcs running around doing stuff. Am sold."
76561198167248758,Recommended,306130,22768148,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,SuJuSkyrim,"Now I'm not normally one to play MMO's, however, because it was Elder Scrolls I gave it a try.I have to say, I'm in love with this game. I still think that Skyrim is better, mainly because I play my games in a certain way. However, ESO has gone extremely far and developed in leaps and bounds since it first was released. I haven't racked up a lot of hours thus far, but I'm enjoying the experience a lot.The only negative...well, not completely negative, I just don't like it, is the combat/weapon system. In Skyrim and Oblivian, when I used my bow, it felt like I was using a bow. In ESO, It just doesn't have the same feel. Now maybe its just because I'm a low level at this point, however, a bow is a long range weapon...why does it feel so short range in game?!!! I'm a stealth/assassin based character who's go to weapon is the bow. I feel like I'm using a bloody dagger at some points, there is litterally nothing long-range about my weapon in ESO. Hopefully things will improve when I reach higher levels, but at this point, that is my only complaint.Other than that, this is a really awesome game. And even if you don't enjoy pvp (which I don't), this game doesn't force you into playing a certain way. There are multiple ways of playing, and if you're like me and enjoy just solo adventuring/questing, you can do that. Tamriel is litterally unlimited and what a wonderful world it is. Now, if only we could play ESO and Skyrim in vertual reality...then my life would be complete!!!!"
,Recommended,306130,26883354,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord Haart,"I have played all the major (and many minor) mmo's since Ultima Online. I can say without question that this one is now worth a shot. Atmospheric, engaging, and fun.....lots of fun."
,Recommended,306130,19807477,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,IcedHope,"İf you are looking for new mmo you should try eso it is really unique game and its really fun game,if you are new in skyrim games you ll got some hard time at the start just keep playing ,pve,pvp, castle sieges etc. all awasome only thing i can say about the bad side of the game is some some  bugs and zenimax dont do anything about them until dlc releases but its not big deal i really recommend everyone btw addons very helpful for this game like minimap,quest,item prices... look for some addons"
,Recommended,306130,19732609,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Picklins,GAME OF MA LIFE
76561198050292346,Recommended,306130,17903597,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,SlightlyInsane,I earned 4 trading cards before I finished downloading the game in the launcher.11/10 would download again
,Recommended,306130,19949683,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ihaveBO,Just made Roast Pig out of Monkey's meat. Moving on to second turorial...Bear Grylls be so proud 11/10
,Recommended,306130,21033310,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Aegon,LEGALIZE SKOOMA !!!
76561197974668524,Recommended,306130,21375569,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ScottyQ,What can I say that hasn't already been said.Go for it!...You know you want too!...
,Recommended,306130,21874823,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Parasite,9 out of 10 randomized appearances make you look like a convict.9/10 would drop the soap in Coldharbour again.
76561198071815621,Recommended,306130,22215482,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jake Paulers,everybody is teleporting here and there.10/10 would play again from south east asia
76561198184350083,Recommended,306130,22263590,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,bjhall,Great game but difficult requirements to run.
76561198055524818,Recommended,306130,22712219,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,SarcasticMartin,Sick game awesome to be able to play elder scrolls with friends
76561198100138908,Recommended,306130,26324217,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dodie,Unlimited ADVENTURES!!!!!
76561198294120222,Recommended,306130,26325775,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Pottprinz,nice game
,Recommended,306130,26719627,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The Unselected Nomination,Obvious good for someone who want to learn very early storyline of ES. This online version has very particular but quite familiar to World of Warcraft that have great plot based on their various race the ESO is the same in this critical point so it's making game so very interesting and I'm pretty sure people who are truly ES fanboys will love this online version without any criticism.
,Recommended,306130,26648209,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Outcast™,This is the most immersive MMO on the market. It takes features from the previous Elder Scrolls games with MMO mechanics and seamlessly combine them to form a smooth gameplay experience. If you love TES you'll find a home here.
,Recommended,306130,26707490,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Fullerton,"This game is amazing.In my opinion, it does The Elder Scrolls better than Skyrim does, with some aspects of the game feeling more like Oblivion and Morrowind.The game feels like a solo game if you have no interest in other players, and feels like an MMO when you want to play with or against others. Above all, the game has a way of dragging you in, making you lose track of time, and destroying your sleep cycle."
,Recommended,306130,23230011,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,LiokyWarrior,best Bethesda.net_Launcher.exe i've ever played10/10thx zenimax
,Recommended,306130,31331533,Posted: 23 April,all,Mr. Axe,This is the best LOTRO and Black Desert Online alternative and that's all you need to know about this game to play it.
,Recommended,306130,24168423,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Lord Macdog,"Before I start I have to say this. This game is not Skyrim with multiplayer, it's Oblivion with multiplayer. This may drive a lot of Elder Scrolls fans away mostly because most new fans have only ever played Skyrim. When I first started playing the game, I didn't know what to expect. At release the game had very bad reviews but I had heard that the game had gotten much better, and that is true. It truly has become an Elder Scrolls game, just not the one people expected. If you've ever played Oblivion you will see what I mean when I say that's what this game feels like. Luckily I love Oblivion. But it's more than just Oblivion, it's also it's own game. With so many new features that really combine The Elder Scrolls and MMOs together. Leveling, Crafting, Enchanting, they are all amazingly done! And don't forget the quests, unlike most MMOs the quests in ESO aren't at all fetch quests. Every quest (mostly) has it's own story to it, just like in any Elder Scrolls game. So what are you waiting for, get it!"
76561198120274775,Recommended,306130,26724470,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,KaminoClone,"If you are a elder scrolls fan looking for a elder scrolls game, this is not for you.Pros-- Best combat and skill design I myself have ever experienced in an MMO- One Tamriel update has made the world level scaled so it now feels a little more like a ES game- PVP is great- megaserver- Fun dungeonsCons-- Limited dialog options, sometimes you have only one to choose. this makes it very hard to roleplay, and is dissapointing when let's say you're playing as a theif and you get a quest to go find a missing gem and a lost guar for someone. when you find both and go to return to the quest giver, you should have an option to maybe lie about not being able to find the gem, but you found the guar, so you still finish the quest (but you get to make some extra money off the gem) sadly you only have the option to return both the gem and guar, like a good citizen. what ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, many quests are like this which kind of forces you to play as the hero.- The crown store is rediculous. many items are over priced and should have been in the game to begin with. for example, dark brotherhood, theives guild, the ability to become a vampire or wearwolf all have to be bought in the store (roughly $20 each) OR you can try to get another player who is already a vampire or wearwolf to bite you to give you the ability.the crown store also has many character customisation options that you have to buy, which are also over priced. it feels like a cash grab.I'm recommending this game because despite the fact that it might not always feel like an elder scrolls game, I still have alot of fun with it."
,Recommended,306130,20099290,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Peachii,"Prepare to sell your soul to TamielSo, you know how most people spend hundreds of hours on normal Elder Scrolls games?(For example, I have spent around 406 hours on Skyrim, and I'm still not finished...)Well, each of those games are set in a single country. ESO, however, encompasses all 10 countries of Tamriel. So, needless to say, prepare to spend a LOT of time with this game.That being said, I still really love this game.As a big Elder Scrolls fan, it makes me absolutely giddy that you can go almost anywhere in Tamriel, and Zenimax/Bethesda did really well to diversify the different cultures. It is so amazing to finally see the lush foliage of Valenwood, the warm sands of Hammerfell, and the moon sugar farms of Elsweyr.It doesn't exactly have the most detailed graphics in the world, but that's mostly because it's online. However, I still think the game is super pretty, and I can't help but oggle at it occasionally. (My screenshot folder is filled to the brim)I do, however, have a warning to new players. If you don't level up properly, battles against enemies will be very difficult. It's not like non-online games, where you can adjust the difficulty to your liking.Also, the sneaking system in this game is quite different to other Bethesda games...There's no way to level up or get better at sneaking. That, and as soon as you do a sneak attack, you immediately stop crouching. This is the first time since Morrowind that I didn't play an assassin character.Overall, though, I am curently really enjoying this game, and I recommend it to any huge Elder Scrolls fan who is willing to put in a lot of time to learn the lore and explore Tamriel."
,Recommended,306130,26721322,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Speedster,"I'm playing the free weekend, but definitely getting this one, the story is rich, a world one can live completelly, and enjoy for months. The parts of The Elder Scrolls story I was missing."
,Recommended,306130,26677363,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Kitts 2-307,"I was absolutely immersed the moment I stepped foot into the game.I've never been a fan of MMO games, but this one really, truly, completely takes the cake. Everything is beautiful and the world is near-perfect. The only problem I had with this game in terms of graphical splendor was when I saw a texture seam in one of the main dungeons.The class system is glorious and the gameplay is worthwhile.Many games have too many classes to choose from. this one only has four and those four are the only four we'll ever need. I myself am a templar, and I find the gameplay is seamless and enjoyable no matter how many hits I have to make on an enemy due to the game's MMORPG nature.The Crown Store is kind of unfortunate.In an otherwise perfect game, there is an unsightly blemish upon the visage of Elder Scrolls Online. That blemish is the Crown Store. Given that the game requires you to spend money to get into it at all, I find that the fact that we have to buy things additional if we want to become part of the Dark Brotherhood or The Thieves Guild quite unfortunate. New PVP areas, I understand and can sympathise with, but I do not like the idea of having to pay money on top of money for a thing that should be part of a free update.The inability to choose which faction to join solely because argonians are your favorite is pretty uncool.I wanted to become an argonian in the Daggerfall Covenant, but that was not an option. I am disappointed in this design choice, despite the whole thing about us all being on our own sides due to our race. I'm not sure if it's even part of One Tamriel that I can join Daggerfall Covenant later on. The whole thing is just really annoying.The Argonian voice actors are pretty terrible sometimes.I mean, Some of them sound like robots. I am troubled deeply by this.Overall, this game is a must-have at its current price.As of writing this review, the game is only ten dollars without all the DLC packs. This makes it an absolute steal. If you have ten dollars, a good computer, and a lot of free time, there is truly no reason for you to not purchase this game. The negatives are absolutely nothing when compared to the positives."
,Recommended,306130,31225244,Posted: 18 April,all,Love,Spent 2 days installing the game just to wait another 10 hours in the installer.gg
76561198170072567,Recommended,306130,20025125,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Archangel,"Rough start, but many things have been fixed and added. Definately worth it :D"
76561198284359457,Recommended,306130,23967476,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,talska35,"So what about to say? Wonderful graphics, minimized of bugs. Lot of content (have to say) have this game played already on PS4, but still one of the best game out there. This game is very well optimized, fast loading just super fun to play. Only concerns is that the crown store is very expensive. Just play this game and you will be in love with it."
,Recommended,306130,26514566,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Shiverskill,"49~ hours and 3 zones 100% completed -I enjoy the game a lot. There's a lot to do with many quests, solo dungeons, open dungeons, group dungeons, world bosses, professions, and pvp. A bunch of the quests are enjoyable and often lead to other quests with the same npcs in them. I chose to be part of the Aldmeri Dominion and I have found the characters and story to be enjoyable and fun to see unravel over the course of my time and cant wait to finish the rest of it. Best part of the game easily is that every npc (random ones, towns folk, quest givers, merchants, etc) is fully voice acted. The voice acting is huge for keeping my attention in the game and making me actually care about the quests; I feel more involved when the people are talk to are actually speaking to me rather than giving me a sheet of paper with their words on it. The combat can get a little dull at times, but there's enough abilities to keep, me at least, interested and experimental with my character, and if you want to respec it's very easy and can be done after a few hours, quicker if you have the gold and ask if someone could take you to the respec area. The zones all tend to be diverse and look very nice with plenty of screenshot potential. One thing that people might not like is that there are loading screens when you go into dungeons and screen transitions when you enter houses. It could be called instancing, but each region has its own megaserver, so when you go into a dungeon and leave you will return to the same world you left with the same players in chat and in the world.Overall, I say ESO is very enjoyable for those that like questing, immersion, good voice acting and voice acted quests, diverse zones, and completionism."
,Recommended,306130,29906352,Posted: 13 February,all,merkC,Love the Pvp in this game .Tho its unbalanced due to game mechanics is the greatest pvp i have seen
,Recommended,306130,33427270,Posted: 10 July,all,StockDama,"First time i played this game it was complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gave it another shot during a free weekend, ended up buying it and now i've sinked more hours into this game than i like to think about."
,Recommended,306130,15286412,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Melan,It's great. I don't get why everyone is hating it! It's one of the best games that I have ever played.
,Recommended,306130,15161364,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Closetcrawlr,"First of all, it's not skyrim with multiplayer.The textures are on par with if not worse than Skyrim's.But hey, it's an MMO remember.Don' get me wrong though I love how the game looks and it's similar to Skyrim.It has first person combat, skyrim-like hud,  huge open world and voice acted quests.As an ex-wow player i'll give you a little comparison:-Graphic wise ESO is better than WoW, especially compared to the old zones like Elwynn forest etc.-Quests are less boring in ESO because of nice voice acting and dialogue instead of just a small quest description.-ESO's combat is great fun, especially in first person. It's less complex than WoW's high-level combat because there are just 6 ability slots you can use instead of dozens.this isn't necessarily a bad thing though, it makes it easier to learn your attacks and takes less space on your screen which adds to immersion.I haven't played very long yet so I can't say much about the PVP or PVE side of the game.But I've heard wow's endgame PVE is better.One thing I dislike about ESO this far is the fact that you'll have to save for quite some time to get a mount if you are not willing to buy one with real money, and also the lack of flying mounts in-game.If you like wow, but wish it was a bit more immersive, simple, visually appealing or simply subscription free,and/or if you are a fan of the elder scrolls' lore, this is your game.WoW certainly has things that are better than in ESO right now, like some anim./emotes, diversity in armor, garrisons & raids..(Do keep in mind that ESO is rather new compared to WoW, so i think it's kinda forgivable.)I suggest you try both if you haven't already.Both are good, But hey, I prefer to keep my €13 each month.[This Information might be outdated by today]"
,Recommended,306130,15569239,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Chronos20,Best game ever. If you like skyrim but want to play with others play ESO.
76561198047794545,Recommended,306130,15302453,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,lairdruari,"Oh my! Where do I begin? I am an old D&D fan. I've played all the Neverwinter series of games from way back. I cut my teeth on MMORPG's with vanilla WoW. I played Neverwinter MMORPG. I came to hate MMO's after Blizzard released Panderia. I loathed and despised FTP/Pay to Win MMO's like Neverwinter. I swore I'd never play another MMO. Then I played ESO... Let me be clear I still hate MMO's, but ESO so far in my gaming does not really feel like an MMO overall. I came late to Elder Scrolls. I was too busy with Warcraft, Neverwinter Nights and other games. I'm sorry I missed it. Elder Scrolls is so rich and deep into fantasy D&D type gaming that playing any of the versions of it feels like computerized D&D to me. I tried Morrowwind but the graphics are too dated and bug me, but I did play Oblivion and Skyrim. I played Skyrim til there was nothing left to do then modded it and play some more. I'm hooked. I bought ESO because Skyrim left me wanting more and ESO has delivered in a huge way. I cannot say enough about my experience. BUY THIS GAME!That said there are still little annoyances that go with online MMO's. You still get your irritating players spewing nonsense in zone chat and ESO seeems to have issues with latency. Depending upon your ISP connection speed and your 'puter you may experience many frustrating load screens when moving about the world of Nirn/Tamriel. I get this most when inside a city/hub. That would be my greatest peeve. I live with it though because ESO keeps me hungry to explore and quest and see what's around the bend. I could go on, but I won't. Buy the game and see for yourself!"
76561198073141053,Recommended,306130,15290077,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,H.V1,"The game was expensive before and you'd feel the number of players were really few!!But now the players number has increased to tamriel unlimited and finally stopped the monthly subscription!! The game doesnt deserve 15$ a month . just have a problem of the server getting slower from the high number of players.but play this game now,it'll be fun."
,Recommended,306130,15569282,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Sanguine,"I've been able to and I did play it again, thanks to ''welcome back weekend invitation'' thing.I was like ''this game sucks compared to the money they want!'' and this game was an epic fail to me BEFORE the Buy-to-Play and Tamriel Unlimited update.Only this time I thought I should have a better look at the game; steal things and launder them, read everything I found, do every quest I face, try every skill, walk everywhere, enter every building....And let me tell you this; It was the first time after Skyrim, I got immersed in Elder Scrolls world.*Combat system and character creation still feels a bit dull though*"
76561198066932636,Recommended,306130,15264540,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Cyrus,"Hi there, this will be my very first review. I am writing this review because the peopl must know that this is infact a good game. Although the combat has changed once again (for better of for worse idk) what makes me love the elder scrolls games is still there. The thing that makes ne fall in love with these games is all the extra quests and the interaction with the npc's. As well as the freedom to play out the game as u wish for the most part. I'm still just a fresh player in EsO so i have yet to see the mmo side of the game. But playing the game as though it were single player so far has been great, i can eaisly say that the game is worth 70 dollars just from that point of view. So if your like me and love the adventure and love to go along helping all the npc's and getting sweet loots a gear then pick this game up. while i agree the dialog is lacking in comparason to older elder scrolls games i still manage to get sucked rite into the word of EsO."
76561198042260831,Recommended,306130,15285839,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,[WC]Ghostgamer,"*NOTE: EVEN THOUGH IT SAYS I PLAYED IT FOR 1.1HRS, I HAVE PLAYED WAY LONGER THAN THAT. I DONT KNOW WHY BUT IT DOESNT SHOW UP ON STEAM WHEN I PLAY.*Ok so i played for 3 days now. for the first time i got it, i played for 2 days straight so like 45 hrs m -3hrs because i need sleep. and plus 12 hrs so that =57 hrs of play.Its a realy good game and i suggest to any one whos looking for a good game with fun stories and nice people. The players in this game are really nice and helpful and the rp is awesome. Some quest may feel alittle boring but just try and listin to every thing they have to say, trust me its quite intresting. i also suggest to play the game with friends or with some guild members that you join up with, because some times it mught be a little hard. it might get a little boring at time yes but depending on how you look at it its really fun.For me i have a bad first experience, i couldnt run the game becuase my client didnt work and i kept on getting ""error code 209"" cr.ap so i unistalled the game and re installed the game so thats why it doesnt show that im playing it on steam any more. I still some times get the error code thing but i didnt realize i had to put in the kery cod on the eso website. then the game started working and i could start playing. the second i started play all the bad shiz in the past went away from my memory and i had a load of fun. I'm right now a level 14 night blade breton in the daggerfall covenant.and if you want a pet and dont want to spend moeny to get crowns you start with 500. So dont worry if you think your not gonna look *cool*.please give it a try its loads of fun. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,306130,15316046,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Rikkisimo,"ESO: TU is a game that wasn't my cup of tea originally. Although after playing for a while it has become alot of fun. The soundtrack is one that I can say has become my favorite part of the game. Being able to travel throughout the land of Elder Scrolls is awesome but it of course comes with the quirks of every good MMO, but it makes for an awesome experience!9/10"
,Recommended,306130,15483059,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,EvanTheLemon,I REALLY love this game so much. but there are some problems this game feels like a desert and an island. want i am trying to say is you need to add someing like a forest. becuase in skyrim you gave that game a hole bunch of forest and mountines. so yea add like a forest or a muchroom forest would be freaking amzing. but i still reccomend this game. also you haved to restart the game to get into the forest of the desert it a real pain.
,Recommended,306130,15522006,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,no opponent,"YOU CAN PLAY WITH YOUR OLD ACCOUNT. You don't need to create a new one and lose your characters. The warning ""The purchase of a Tamriel Unlimited or Tamriel Unlimited Imperial Edition game cannot be combined with any existing Elder Scrolls Online account and has to be accessed separately through the Steam client."" is wrong. I have an account since beta, came back for the Welcome Back Weekend (free for beta players), leveled a character to 17 and I still have it, you only need to copy the CD key and redeem it on the site.So, that being said... the game is great, perfect combination of Skyrim and MMO."
76561198131868249,Recommended,306130,15939610,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Nynthalor,A great game! just a little buggy at times but they get fixed faster then most can find them.
76561197993495797,Recommended,306130,15605696,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ArcainOne,"Tamriel Unlimited attempts to bridge a difficult gap between the MMO experience and the Elderscrolls.  If you love the Elderscrolls world, exploring every nook, discovering ancient lore, and experiencing content that has not existed since Arena you will enjoy this game.  If you love high paced castle destroying intense PVP and combat you will enjoy this game.  If you are looking  for Skyrim the MMO you may be disappointed.  If you are expecting the most amazing MMO experience ever (because it is Elderscrolls)... you may also be disapointed.  But as it stands Tamriel Unlimited is beginning to shine as long as you reel in your expectations a bit.My praise lies in the the fact they have managed to craft a world that looks and feels overall like an Elder Scrolls.  My ventures into Morrowind had me tingling with that old feeling of romping through the cliffs of Vvardenfell.  Finally the quest lines in ESO feel much more epic and important than any other MMO I have played.  Not to mention that nearly every quest you encounter is in someway related to the main plot line, it sometimes may not be immediately apparent but I find makes it a much more immersive experience.  Finally combat is what you would expect from an Elderscrolls MMO, The feel of Skyrim as most reliably done on a Server client system.My complaints are simple and for the most part superficial.  Hair... why oh why can't anyone over at Bethesda or Zenimax (and many other american game companies) make decent character hair.  A few extra polygons and texture resolution on such an incredibly important part of your experience is worth any kind of performance penalty I may suffer.  TES has squeaked by this since Morrowind thanks to the modding community but you don't have that in ESO.  Also no barber or character appearance changing ability at all which means if you choose a hair style you later find god ugly you are stuck with it.  I truly hope this gets changed later.Finally my one and only complaint.  The Character class system is amazingly limber, but in my opinion not necessary even in ESO.  You must choose one of 4 classes that imparts a set of class based skills and magic.  Your choices in constructing that character's abilities as it levels can turn them into a tank, a healer, a powerful magic damage dealer or some combination of the above.  But I can't help but feel it is unnecessary.  There are plenty of skills you acquire throughout the game world, why can't a similar system be used uniformly throughout the game.  Weather you are a Templar, Dragon Knight, Nightblade, or Sorcerer you can be any role you want to be, use any weapon and armor combination you want to use, but a Dragon Knight can never learn the Sorcerer skills.  It is the one aspect of ESO that to me still feels out of place.  What if I want to gain the Sorcerer abilities even though I am a Dragon Knight?  The original Elder Scrolls never put any kind of restriction on your ability to use or learn skills and it is the one aspect of ESO I would love to see changed.Zenimax Online Studios (ZOS) is new to MMOs, they have definitely made mistakes.  But they have also been adequate at improving the experience of ESO in attempting to bridge that gap between the elements that make the Elderscrolls and the elements that make a great MMO.  It's not all there yet but If they continue down this road I can foresee an MMO unlike any other set in one of the most beloved settings of any game that will making it worthy of being called an Elder Scrolls game and I believe that is what all of us who are fans of the series wants to see."
,Recommended,306130,15211605,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Aldenard,"I'm surprisingly enjoying this game in a way very similar to Morrowind/Oblivion.  It does a good job of capturing the essence of the single player games, but the MMO-presence is also felt.  I'm playing off-and-on with a friend, but the quests don't really meld us together and there's a bit of communication necessary to make sure we're on the same page.  I feel that this should be addressed somewhat, but from a single-player perspective it's quite fun.My recomendation is to play it like you would any other Elder Scrolls game, but don't expect the depth of interaction that you may be familiar with.  Exploration is key."
,Recommended,306130,28173375,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Shindigger,"MMORPG version of Elder Scrolls. Its not Multiplayer Skyrim, but its not just another MMORPG either. It's probably the least MMO-like MMO that I know of, in a good way. Attributes of other Elder Scrolls games are present in this one: Sneaking, Stealing, Pickpocketing npcs, Killing npcs, running from the law, character customization (both gameplay flexibility and aesthetics), Insane attention to detail, lore-packed, readable books everywhere, crafting, incredible amount of content and loads of good quests, many of which have moral dilemmas. Your effectiveness in battle will always be scaled to your current location regardless of your level, so you can pick a direction, explore and run into things to do.In my opinion, the largest difference from other Elder Scrolls games is the combat. In addition to basic attacks (light attacks and heavy attacks), you have skills. You can slot 12 skills (including 2 ultimate skills) at one time spread across two skill bars that you can switch between. Every skill has a half second cooldown (except for ultimates); optimal use of skills still includes a rotation but that is not mechanically forced upon you. Every skill is available to every character, except for class-specific skills. Also, vampire skills cannot be acquired if you are currently a werewolf, and vice versa.Even if you're only looking to explore and quest, you will still get more than your money's worth for the amount of content in the game. If this is what you want to do, it offers as much character build flexibility as any other Elder Scrolls game.Every class is able to do every role: Magic DPS, Physical DPS, Tank, or Healer. However, the higher into the more difficult group content you go, such as veteran dungeons or trials, the less effective a non-meta build is going to be. Normal dungeons for sure can be completed in whatever role regardless of class with no problem at all. I have not played higher level content such as veteran dungeons but I've heard they can mostly work there as well. But for trials onward, I've heard that tanks need to be Dragonknights and healers need to be Templars. Any form of DPS is viable for any content as long as you're minmaxed.PVP takes place in the massive zone of Cyrodiil, where any player from an opposing alliance can attack you. Some people prefer to run around and get into small 1v1, 1v2, 2v2 fights. Others prefer to join the main army force and take part in the war between alliances, fighting in huge battles. This war is fought for control of forts and keeps; taking all the keeps around the Imperial City will crown a member of your alliance Emporer, depending on who has the highest alliance score. You can also push deep into enemy territory and steal an Elder Scroll owned by that alliance, which gives your alliance additional buffs for as long as you hold that Elder Scroll within your territory.Buy to play, no subscription needed (but is offered). The Crown Store (microtransaction shop) just offers cosmetics and stuff, it offers nothing that makes you more effective than other players, you will never need to touch it unless you want to look extra spiffy. The developers constantly have new content in the works, whether they're planning the next DLC, or new feature, or even just new cosmetics available for purchase. For example, player housing is the next thing about to come out.Subjectively, this game scratches every itch I have regarding mmos and fantasy adventure/exploration. Instantly recommended. I never played the beta, I heard that it was awful and many people dismissed this game because of it. But I've also heard that it has significantly improved since then, and I can at least attest to the game's current quality."
76561198289449294,Recommended,306130,26737381,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,King of the Shadows,it's not Skyrim but it still a good game I like it
,Recommended,306130,34550825,Posted: 28 August,all,Alexander - clanlayer.com,"For the gold edition:Definetly worth the money as you get a mount which isreallyuseful in the start of your journeys.You also get 500 in the crown store which can help you with the starters pack that contains really useful items for leveling up fast & getting a taste of what it's like later in the game when you have lots of items.For the game:I've always loved the elder scrolls series, even though this one doesn't follow the same lore as bethesdas it's still really fun to play & when you grind multiple hours with endless of fun.Combat system is amazing, it's the best one i know in any MMO."
,Recommended,306130,26739041,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,[GOON] ~Vax (As Heck),"Alright, at first I was almost scared off because of people saying that questing in this game is just ""fetch this, kill that, deliver this."" And I suppose there ARE quests like that.. But the writing, the lore, the actual quests themselves are the best quests I've ever done in any MMO. It feels like what you are doing matters and the puzzles, riddles, voice acting, it's all put together better than I could have ever expected.Give it a try folks, this is the best 13 dollars I have spent on a game in the last 5 years easily. Also this is my only review of a game ever so.. It must be good.Currently level 14 after 20 hours, honestly levelling is very enjoyable. And it doesn't feel like a race to level cap.I've already made friends, ran a two part dungeon w/o a healer. The feeling of clearing the dungeon after wiping a few times and the chat being filled with ""WOOOO,"" ""YEEEEEEEEEEss,"" it's really shaping up to be my #1 MMO of all time (after city of heroes, RIP.)For 13 dollars you are literally crazy to not give this game a shot."
76561198068468068,Recommended,306130,21807946,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Bobit,"Very cheap and non-grindy MMO (at lvl 15 you unlock pretty much everything). Good if you're into that kind of thing.But  I'm just now realizing that I don't like MMO gameplay regardless of the grind. It's too chaotic for you to understand/see what your allies or your enemies are doing, or whether you're even doing better than usual in the first place."
76561198033598853,Recommended,306130,26760063,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Cryo Wolf,The best MMO experience ive had so far.
76561198075266070,Recommended,306130,28582374,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SilverDryBones,"Alright so lets get this out of the way first. If you want a true Elder Scrolls experience go buy Skyrim, Oblivion, or Morrowind. If you are looking for the Elder Scrolls feel that the other games had this is not the game for you. This is not a Skyrim Co-Op its an mmo and you will likely be dissapointed if you expect a traditional Elder Scrolls feel. However, this game does offer many things that you will like if you are into mmo's. They have PvP and PvE seperated nicely so you can play how you wish. It plays smoothly and is extremely fun to have with friends. The game is not pay to win either, the items in the crown store are simply consumables and cosmetics. The consumables do not provide overpowered buffs either, they are all fairly balanced and you can always craft your own potions and food that can match the power of the consumables in the store, making them basically unnessecary unless you desperately need some for some reason. And ESO Plus does not provide anything other than passive buffs, such as slightly increased XP and Gold gain, as well as access to an infinite craft bag that helps free up inventory space. All in all, this game is very worth it if you want a fun and fairly easy to play MMO."
,Recommended,306130,28575578,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ChaosQuicksilver,Excellent game. Not pay to win and not reliant on group participation unless you want it to be.
,Recommended,306130,22646752,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Mid,"7.5/10+ Positive community, as far i have only met friendly people which is very good.+ Beautiful, compared to other games, places in this game is somehow much more better looking.- No minimap, i had to download few addons as example ""Advanced User Interface"" because there is no inbuild minimap which annoys me.- Which i hate most, there is no way i can find if i have done every quest, the quests window is very confusing. In runescape there is quest list where i see every quest, i liked it but they did not want to do that on this game."
,Recommended,306130,33671202,Posted: 20 July,all,Twerqq,this is a good game for you if you have friends to party with
76561198159944286,Recommended,306130,15523941,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Schoonboon,"I love the game and all, but please fix loading issue. I sometimes just get stuck in the loading screen when logging in and trying to get to Charecter Selection. I will still give thumbs up, but fix this god dam problems. It seems the updates you send out don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,306130,15524153,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Vandyno,Game got a lot of hate when it was first released. (for good reasons) but now it is a surprisingly good game I would definitely reccomend.
76561198054021589,Recommended,306130,17055750,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,KKream,Best game on earth
76561198153285360,Recommended,306130,32957949,Posted: 28 June,all,Clav1010,"Before The Elder Scrolls Online-I actually used the other games in my steam library-I had a quality social life and many friends whose faces I knew-I saw the sun on a regular basisAfter The Elder Scrolls Online-There may as well be only one game in my library-I haven't met with my friends in months-The sun is in the sky right?In all seriousness though, this is a great game with a wonderful community that is willing to help newer players get comfortable with the game mechanics and when that fails, there is a large amount of content online that can help you figure certain game mechanics out.Secondly, this is not Skyrim Multiplyer this is so much more and anyone simply looking for that experience should try elsewhere. This is an MMO so anyone with previous MMO experience will have a better time at the begining vs. someone who had never touched one. I personally had never played an MMO before this so I am unable to compare it to others out there, but I think its growing community speaks volumes about its quality and stance amongst the major MMOs."
,Recommended,306130,20109276,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,EXalteD_ChaoS,"Elder Scrolls Online. Need more be said, really? Beautiful world, beautiful mmorpg. Spent many of hours in this game, and boy, does it leave a satisfied feeling. Now, you'll see a lot of people complain about glitchiness (mostly from the early days) or maybe price (but they dropped the membership fee) I mean, there are a few mechanics missing still, but i'm hoping to see implimented eventually, like duels, and battlegrounds. The only PvP offered as of now is that in cyrodiil and it's subsidiary parts. Don't get me wrong, the siege is beautiful, but i'm a duelist type of PvPer. Coming out on top in a close duel to the death feels great, where as in a war, you can feel a bit cheated by a few lucky bombardments of siege equipment. A lot of people complain about the graphics also, which I REALLY don't understand. The graphics are SO beautiful in this mmo, and if you've played ANY mmo, you'd know these are top notch graphics. Well, as top notch as you can go while still allowing people who don't own super gaming computers to play also. But, there ultra quality settings for a reason. The feel is great in this game, and the balance is definitely there for each class or build. They want you to be able to make who you want to make and choose what you do in the world, and they succeeded in that. Definitely worth a buy. Buy it."
,Recommended,306130,20169905,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,IRONIC34,I love this game so much :D
,Recommended,306130,20187547,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,sanonasu,Better than Tera.
76561198056367035,Recommended,306130,20170629,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Master Benzo,"If you don't like questing, don't play it."
,Recommended,306130,29445812,Posted: 23 January,all,tony mascarponi,"Well uhm.. If anyone's thinking it's Skyrim 2 - it isn't. It is NOTHING like Skyrim. The game's kinda annoying sometimes, hard to learn, but if you mainly play MMORPGs then the game's for you. I didn't play any MMORPGs before so it was super hard for me to get in this game especially when I bought it because I thought it was Skyrim 2. It isn't. Pretty cool game overall. Also pretty big in roleplay, so if you like roleplay, go ahead, it's cool."
76561198043496873,Recommended,306130,20138977,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Akaia,Just put the game code on TESO website to download- its faster than steam downloading...EDITI just found out you cna buy crowns through the website that redirects you to the steam store
,Recommended,306130,31170899,Posted: 15 April,all,Parzival,"This game is purely addicting. BY far the best MMO RPG ever. I oculd justify this game being $60 it looks and feels amazing. Also a side note; You dont have to pay a monthly subscribtion to play the game unlike WOW, but the do offer a plus subscription for a monthly fee but that just adds cosmetics and other items oyu can check it out. The game is fully playable with a one time purchase only."
,Recommended,306130,23903347,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,LongShlongDonkeyDong,"Awesome game! It's only good if you have at least 1 other person to play with tho, it's definitely not a single player game"
76561198074543198,Recommended,306130,23867784,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,whitewolf6708,"If you are expecting something exactly like the jewel that is Skyrim, you may be disappointed. However, if you are looking for a MMORPG like WOW or SWTOR but better (most say) set in the elder scrolls world this is the game for you. It is fairly immersive, with a good story and relatable characters. Just to give you a feel for the speed at which you can expect to level, I have put 27.3 hours nto the game and am level 12. If you have friends or acquaintences that you can play with I would recommend it. It makes questing much easier. One thing I particularly like is the lack of lots of microtransactions. EA should take a note from this for SWTOR."
,Recommended,306130,23894441,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Tapioca,>Bought the game>60gb download>2h Patches>Finally can play>Server maintenance>5/7 Would buy again
,Recommended,306130,23850981,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Call The Banners,"I like the developers of this game because they're incrediby strange on camera but incredibly good at making a game and listening to their fan base.Also, I got called an N'wah today in Morrowind.S'wit/10"
,Recommended,306130,27943579,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Majid Al Halifi,For just 9.89E its a perfect game :)
76561198006276140,Recommended,306130,27948434,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[killjoy],"To keep this short, I will say this: ESO combines all the best aspects of the single-player Elder Scrolls franchise with the tried and true 'staple' mechanics from any big name MMO to have come out in the last 10 yrs or so. Honestly, there is seriously way too much about this game that makes it great to try and squeeze it all into a single review; there have been plenty of free weekends and trials offered though, so I suggest you start there.That being said, I cannot recommend this enough, especially for any long-time fans of the franchise who have always wanted to see a world-encompassing online version of Tamriel. I will offer a brief disclaimer though - this is NOT Skyrim Online, so if that's what you were expecting you might be a tad disappointed."
76561198143518656,Recommended,306130,23897817,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ThatOneGuyFromUp,"For the record, I know that Skyrim was an amazing game, but I am not a single player game kind of guy so it wasn't really my thing.  I loved the combat and the story was cool but I wanted a multiplayer version of it.  This game is a perfect fit for the multiplayer skyrim thing I wanted.  It's story is interesting, the character creation is complex, and the combat system is good.  I highly recommend this game."
76561198094088328,Recommended,306130,23905056,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BlooLedd,I got to play this game for maybe 10 minutes.  Let my sis play for 10 minutes too.  Then they updated to DirectX11.  My laptop can't handle that.  Building a new rig just so I can play games of this quality.
,Recommended,306130,30004341,Posted: 18 February,all,Monotone,"been playing it for ages on x1, now its time to get on pc and get even further !Best MMO game imo5*"
,Recommended,306130,34572581,Posted: 29 August,all,HavocxPro,"TL:DRA great MMO with a bit of usual grinding, Less than most MMOs out there, Not pay2win, If only loading screen times could be fixed along with the 2 hours downloading when you first launch the game it would be perfectand its not skyrim, its an mmoIf you are considering picking it up, buy it while its on sale.Long ReviewYou are probably reading this because you are interested in MMOs, Or because you played elder scrolls before but get this:This is not skyrim or any elder scrolls gameThis is pure MMO experience, its not like skyrim at all so if you just came here to play another skyrim you can close the pagePositives:-Not Pay2win-Less grinding than most MMOs-You can download mods aka Addons to change the UI-Great crafting system, one of the best i have experienced-Easy to play if you are not familiar with MMOs-PVP is actually fun-a lot of build possibilities-Replaying the game with another character and build is fun-A lot of races with different buffs to each race available-Housing system-Leveling depends on what equipment you have and what skills you have slotted, Its really good-Nice community, a lot of people helped me when i started-LoreGood and bad:-Enemy scaling, You will never feel powerful until really really late game, And you will never feel weak, Its kinda strange when you first play the game and progress-Prices of stuff are different in each guild, If you want to sell something for 100 gold it may sell on another guild for 150 goldCons:-Classes aren't completely balanced in pvp, Some classes have huge self sustain and can deal♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of damage at early game like templar, while nightblade can't do that much against him early game, Same applies in PvE-L O A D I N G  S C R E E N S are the biggest problem in this game, it may take you 5 seconds to load in some areas but sometimes it extends to 3 minutes or more, sometimes infinite loading screens-2 Hours downloading in the patcher so you can't refund it when you launch the game first-Sometimes you will meet people while queuing for a random dungeons who marks himself as a healer while in reality he is not, kinda ruins some dungeons especially there is a cooldown between each queue you do-First person completely sucks and gives you the biggest disadvantage in both PvE and PvP you can only play in third person if you want to play effectively-Bosses are just normal monsters but with bigger models, no custom models whatsoeverBuy it if you are an MMO and economy fan, You won't regret it."
,Recommended,306130,20118915,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Cricket,"So far, it's good.. In the beginning it's hard as hell but you'll get used to it.. just steal some stuff and gears then fence it for starters..Ask around or join a good, and friendly guild helps a lot.. 6 guilds man.. dang..For those who gonna buy this game, ""You'll lose your life, your friends, and skip classes"" if you play this game..you have been warned!so, game is good.. many quests to clear, lot of stories from here and there, OP bosses to kill together, and.. guards that caught you for stealing.. well, ♥♥♥♥ the guards.. those azholes are immortal.. mehhthere's only one thing though.. when i change graphics into HIGH, or ULTRA, i always get a crash every minute or two.. so i only be able to play in Medium.. not that it's bad, Medium is good enough but.. it's just not right.. :/Been playing other games in Ultra but why i cant play ESO in High or Ultra :("
,Recommended,306130,26748969,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,#1 Harry Potter RP player xD,"i bought this game 2 years ago for my ps4 and it was terrible, but when i bought it on pc it was like a breath of fresh air compared to skyrim, the engine is smooth and makes me want to not stop playing"
,Recommended,306130,29899845,Posted: 13 February,all,Sofiachan,"Sweet Mother, sweet Mother, send your child unto me, for the sins of the unworthy must be baptized in blood and fear"
,Recommended,306130,34962873,Posted: 14 September,all,Lucifer,"I am usually not one for MMOs.  I have tried WoW and GW2 and I never have been able to get into them.  I love the Elder Scrolls Universe and decided to give this game a shot.  It really surprised me on how fun this game is!  I first tried it on Xbox One and switched over to PC a couple months ago.The player community in this game is very friendly for the most part as well, so it makes it enjoyable to talk to people.  DO NOT expect a Skyrim.  This is an MMO first and foremost.  But if you already like TES games, then give this one a shot."
76561198002728071,Recommended,306130,30792295,Posted: 28 March,all,Balrôg,"The Elder Scrolls® Online is one of those games where i should ""eat my hat"" for critising it. When the game first launched in 2014 had lots of cons (subscription fee 15 €/month, gameplay had wierd feeling and many more). Now in 2017 this game looks like total different one.Pros:+no sub fee any more (only if you want to)+awesome quests+huge map+they've designed the server in a very pioneer way and what i mean by that? For those who wanna go on PVPing there is Cyrodill, for those who wanna go on PVEing there's the rest of Tamriel.+PVEing is awesome+great and very helpful community+beatiful graphics+astonishing enviroment+UI is better than Skyrim+great story so far+crafting might also be better than Skyrim+low specs required. The only thing it asks is 80gb but that amount is normal for a MMO+leveling it's better than Skyrim+historically i think the game goes before Oblivion cause i recall killing Mannimarco in it, while in this one Mannimarco lives+no lagCons:No cons so farBethesda/Zenimax thank you for turning around this game; You've done a great job here. I certainly recommend the game and i'm about to buy the gold edition as well once the discount starts;Final Verdict: 15/10"
,Not Recommended,306130,28531653,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,eXcruciate,"I put under 30 hours into it since I bought it cheap back in mid 2016 so although it was fun, there's no way I can recommend it. There are much better gaming options out there where your time is much better spent."
76561198040725214,Recommended,306130,34877670,Posted: 10 September,all,[KK]CommanderCoopa,"10/10 would recommend. This game has lots of gameplay and is very fun when playing in a group, even if it's just people you meet in game. Most people are very friendly and helpful in the pc community."
,Recommended,306130,24001775,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Zed/ Cashed out/ QS luger,Downloaded 50 something gb's finally donejk u just reached the launcher now another 7000gb to go10/10 would download 19 times in a row again
,Recommended,306130,26331495,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Garry Yoop,Great Gameplay. Good Graphics. Awesome Setting with the elder scrolls. Best MMORPG.
,Recommended,306130,15386536,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,BrbGettingCoffee,"The Elder Scrolls Online made a wonderful transformation into something okay into something fantastic. The game is the most refreshing MMORPG I've ever played. Everything from the graphics to the combat is wonderful, and the game makes questing and levelling a pleasure with TES style questing."
76561198041115189,Recommended,306130,15450908,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,davis334,"I've played quite a few games in my time, and I would say this one was definitely worth the money. ESO is a fun and unique MMORPG that brings atmosphere and storytelling into the 21st century."
,Recommended,306130,26745667,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,MightyNo.22,buy it if u dont have any plans for this christmas.
76561198079423845,Recommended,306130,27550906,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Meep,"I have played this game for a while now and im stuck. Please send help.It is so fun and now with the new ""one tamriel"" i can go anywhere and wont get oneshoted. :Di recommed to get this game. If you think it is to expensive, wait for a sale. It is worth it!"
76561198126650930,Recommended,306130,27754339,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Drackogrim,"At first it seemed boring a bit, but trust me with the multitude of characters and events, its anything but. All the side stories and people you meet during them tie you in and imerse you, you find yourself battleling not with A.I.s but with allies and comrades that helped you get you to where you are. And when they die, well... they become missed. Get the game, meet those characters, become the hero you want to be."
76561198320666342,Recommended,306130,28617851,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TheGreatOne,I haven't played an MMO in over 5 years. I also was never a hardcore MMO player. But so far I'm enjoying this MMO and this will most likely be the first MMO that I will be playing for a long time.
,Recommended,306130,32511597,Posted: 17 June,all,Ron AF Greve,"Great to see morrowind again after so many years. If you played the orignal morrowind and liked it than this DLC is highly recommended. All the things are there the silt striders, betty netches, the typical morrowind architecture.Like the other bethesda games this is top notch. As an offline player (I haven't played online games since 'outlaws' back in 1998 or so, it did feel a bit weird seeing other people running around in my game :-) , but you get used to it and it's kind of fun if you have to take out an enemy and someone else just happens to do the same and you, sort of, can work together.I bought ESO plus morrowind expansion for about 60 Euros and it is worth it. There seems to be two possibilitiesbuy a subscription and play everythingbuy ESO and every DLC separately without recurring cost.I did the latter for now, maybe wil buy a subscription later on.I love the way it looks. I set most graphics (exept particles) to the max on my 8 year old PC and it still plays smoothly most of the time.This really reminds me of the old morrowind which I think was still the most 'original' game. It has all the 'standard' Elderscrolls stuff like completely free exploration. You can follow the main quest line, side quests or just go your own way or do any combination of those, so total freedom, play as you like.There is an in game help (F1) so you can read up if certain things are unclear though you can learn, of course, just by trying things.Highly recommended if you enjoyed the other Elderscrolls games or like adventuring."
,Recommended,306130,26745402,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jody Ruben,Elder scrolls fans? go grab it !
76561198254871082,Recommended,306130,30478731,Posted: 12 March,all,Mahudin,"All in all it gets better over time :), and it is a good deal to take it on descount."
,Recommended,306130,28650969,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MissMinicupcake,"It's got its issues, but still one of the best MMO's I've played."
76561198356135038,Recommended,306130,34511082,Posted: 26 August,all,StealthyPuma58,"This game is hands down one of the best games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. I can not even begin to tell you how much time I have decidcated to this game, yet still feel like there is still so much to do. I maninly played solo throughout my entire adventure and at times it felt a little lonely, but I managed to get through it and have a ton of fun. If you are debating whether or not to buy this game, just buy it. You will not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,306130,18867174,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,TB Ninja,"It's not much of a review, but so far I really do enjoy this game. The only thing I'm upset about so far is with the Bow and Arrow. Other than that, I have no qualms with it. It's challenging, the community is amusing at times, and time really seems to fly when you are distracted with doing story missions and other side quests."
,Recommended,306130,19555924,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,1WholeWoot,"A very memorable mmo. It has an amazing crafting system and very unique ways to improve your character. Overall I think this game is a really good mmo compared to most I have played and really enjoyed the first person aspect of it, but was only ok as an elder scrolls game."
,Recommended,306130,19633729,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,FaZe HDS,"one of the best game i have ever played....so addictive, i play like 10 hours a day.....very strong storyline, very strong charecters...highly recommended..."
76561198022917983,Recommended,306130,19531697,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Hero Kenzan,"Game is AWESOME!!!! For all who love The Elder Scrolls series and also Skyrim, MUST HAVE!!! ITS like Skyrim Online! Enjoy my friends!"
,Recommended,306130,19669146,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Donald Trump 2020,This game has controller support and plays better then Skyrim! What else does one need to know?
76561197970739839,Recommended,306130,20045802,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Famine,"fun game, very worth playing. a good continuation of the elder scrolls line, even if it is set in the distant past- which explains vivec not being dead yet. currently, after level 50 (the vet levels) you get sent to other factions territory. i got to vet 12 just doing that, and vet 13 from the DLC in orc lands. after that, its more daily quests to grind on the road to vet16."
,Recommended,306130,20611544,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Snep ♥,"One of the best MMOs I have played.Story is great, many hours of playtime, very few gamebreaking bugs.Overall a wonderful game."
,Recommended,306130,20755145,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Shteak,"Ive heard bad things about this game, but its pretty good, Youll probably enjoy it, and enjoy it even more when you get it on sale. LOVE steam sales"
,Recommended,306130,23659999,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,⎛⎝ Quinera ⎠⎞,i love this game  but i have one question.what can you do if there are no quests left?
,Recommended,306130,15327655,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Bees?,"If anything, get it for the pvp in cyrodiil. its off the chizzain."
,Recommended,306130,15398711,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,BizZ,"Finally, it feels like skyrim in a lot of way. GG <3"
76561198031799749,Recommended,306130,15457364,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,FireFrost,"DO NOT BUY THIS FROM STEAM , DO NOT INSTALL IT FROM STEAM , if you are going to buy it get it from the website , this is just a warning , and my experience ,  spend 26-30 hrs downloading it off steam i purchased the 80 dollar pack , i had played in beta  so my email was already used could not replace the email or create a new account , after i figured out the stuff to log into my account  , the game then only launched a launcher that spent another 12 hours downloading the entire game again from the original creator - not steam , i played for like 5-6 hours today  , after finaly getting the game to load and logging in , i then logged out ate and tried to relaunch and failed 40-50xs client side so i ran steam checker on files it came back missing 700 files  said it was only downloading that bit of it 1.2 gb , i was like kewl , came back looked it was at 1% downloading  at 900 kb/s out of 48 gb , i looked back where the files were , it had deleted everything just a removal file was there where the previous 50 gbs were , this company is good for just launching everything from it but they are not user friendly or give 2 cents about anything other then getting that cash  , they remind me of the  chinese gold farmers trion worlds (scumbags) i highly reccommend this game but DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM STEAM FOR IT , i am now looking at another  3 days of downloading it again the is complete BS"
76561198202761939,Recommended,306130,26745264,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Tompar,"Loved it... been meaning to get into another MMO for years, been looking since Conan."
76561198064337534,Recommended,306130,27751314,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ABOBin hood,+
,Recommended,306130,28088258,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ErectileReptile,"The ones crying on here expected it to be an online Skyrim or Online Oblivion. If you expect that you're going to cry too. This is an MMORPG, not a single player open world sandbox game where you can start with steel armor and in a couple of missions become the savior of Skyrim. Again...This is an MMORPG, ever played WoW? Same concept, same thing, but even better because you get to fight, dodge, and block yourself instead of watching your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cartoon characters do it, you can kick a higher level's♥♥♥♥♥if you fight well. I underestimated it at first, it was hard to get gold, armor, and that stuff but you'll catch up after a few missions and the dungeoneering is really impressive, hats off to bethesda for this game, if only they cancel out the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PayToWin system, then it would be perfect."
76561198039868396,Recommended,306130,15322467,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,HEXER,much better then other MMO's and now that they have removed subscription and patched the bugs. this game is a great addition to the MMO space. but the bad side is leveling is a little♥♥♥♥♥♥in that you have quest 4-6 levels above yours so do every side-quest you find. also i live in australia and since no oceanic servers the lag  is extreme which makes me miss hotkey combat of wow 7/10.
,Recommended,306130,26229385,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,YaBoyyDeej,"This game is really brilliant, played 9 hours on the first day. Would so recommend this to fans of the elder scrolls series, it has added a different twist on everything. It is story-rich and satisfying. Great game, easy to pick up. :)"
76561198085685655,Recommended,306130,26478435,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Steven,good
76561198338157330,Recommended,306130,27598088,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ella,Love it!!!
,Recommended,306130,28523101,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Sabre,"Yes. Now i am addicted with this game. the PvP is awesome, love the combat system. I wish they make the quest just like on GW2 but overall the current update is awesome."
,Recommended,306130,34810534,Posted: 8 September,all,Essver,"Great game, the amount of customization you can make from your armor colour to your house furniture, that's amazing.I bought the original Imperial Edition back when the game was just released and I was very dissapointed, after 1 month I was sure the game is going to die within 1 year, but I'm glad to see they made huge changes, new content, new combat system, much more co operating instead of single player, dungeons, I can't stop playing this game now :)"
,Recommended,306130,18966617,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,金木 研,Good game. Better if you play with friends. ( if you have any )
76561198149337148,Recommended,306130,19526566,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,2wall,"This is an awesome game! I have so much fun playing it. The quests are endless, graphics are really good, story depth is greater than any other game I have ever played. Your charaacters can be unique to just you because of the vast pathways in the character skills tree. Awesome game you will love it!"
76561197962979035,Recommended,306130,21311686,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Xbar,"A fantastic MMO, with Elder Scrolls Lore. The combat esp is amazing."
76561198136077231,Recommended,306130,19101832,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,6_swegmaster_6,be le mebe just chillin in elden rootbein a sneaky cat theif khajitt ftwmake off with like hundreds worth of stolen itemsaccidentaly hit a guardget literally everything i had taken awayi now cannot complete anything bc i have no nothing10/10 would accidentally attack guard againbtw i need peeps to play wit hmu'
76561198115682118,Recommended,306130,19552968,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Xbyte,"Me and my friend were exploring near the coastWe find a chest and run for itThe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ manages to lockpick firstWhile he is taking his time, I find a bear near the placeI attack it and kite it next to himI get invisibleThe bear manages to hit him the exact moment when he opens the chestI run and get the loot while he`s still on the ground*Skype call drops**Friend disconnected*best game 10/10 would lose a friend again"
,Recommended,306130,19086846,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Scubbs,Got a dragon goby and emptied my wet gunny sack.One day I'll be a master angler.
,Recommended,306130,20733139,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Sir Scritters Whitler,"This was my first MMORPG, and it sure made a lasting impression.Once again, with all Elder Scrolls games, the soundtrack is one to remeber. The combat is extremely diverse, with many diffrent possibilities of what moves and skills you have. The quests are diverse, and can be funny, sad, hard, and intresting. And of course, the massive scale of the game means many hours of fun. Cyrodill is fun, with you taking part in seiges of keeps and whatnot, and the group facter with dungeons or anything else makes playing with your friends so much better. You can also have many diffrent ways to emote, making those Role Players out there much more at home.The graphics remind me of Oblivion more than anyting, and the AI for both NPCS and enemies are polished and fine. After all the updates, the once ""bad TES game"" is now one of my favorites."
,Recommended,306130,23516886,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,~KeNnEtH~,"Superb MMO Action RPG!So much to do, so much to see, so much to explore, and so much freedom!It feels like you are playing an MMO version of Skyrim, granted you can't kill everything you see (though you can still steal and kill neutral and friendly NPCs).Combat system is exactly the same and you can play in 1st or 3rd person view."
,Recommended,306130,19591259,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,gamepaca,"Great game, an MMO is just what was needed in the next chapter of The Elder Scrolls!"
,Recommended,306130,19788206,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Savage,"One of the best games I have ever played. Every battle is different & plenty of quests to go around. Big thing for me is that this game is replayable over & over & over again. So many choices and races to choose from at the beginning of the game. I 've spent close to 400 hours playing & I doubt I am even halfway through. This game is built to last & I intend to keep playing.The players online are very friendly which made my game experience very pleasant. I have yet to have a negative encounter with another player, this game has proper etiquette. Love it!"
,Recommended,306130,20130681,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sir Pyralspite,"Spent a few hours with my girlfriend coming up with a great backstory for how our characters met. We decided on their personalities, their origins, the meaning of names, etc.Then we stood at the entrance to a major city and danced in our underwear for half an hour.20/10 would strip again"
,Recommended,306130,23509724,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Erasace,"one day on random city, A male Khajiit say something stupid.. he's say ""if you don't have something to say , say nothing!"" turn arround hide on shadow, and this one send this poor stupid to sithis!"
,Recommended,306130,20059453,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Inspired,First game in a very long time to make me feel like a gamer again!
,Recommended,306130,32360766,Posted: 12 June,all,"David Conagher, P.H.D","At first I thought the game was a reskinned Oblivion online. Reminded me nothing of Good Ol' Skyrim. The magic, Combat, lockpicking, fast travel, inventory management, crafting, looting, gear, EVERYTING was different and I didn't like it. Suddenly started having fun when I took more than 2 hours to stare at the game.TL;DR, Buy the game, let it sit for a few months, then immersify yourself in it for the rest of time."
,Recommended,306130,32442506,Posted: 15 June,all,Limón,"I'd like to start with the fact that all the ""official, at launch"" reviews do not represent the game because they really did improve the game compared to beta and early game.This review is also my humble opinion.I have not much PvP experience so I am only going to speak about PvE ( dungeons, trials, quests, main story,..). I also have more hours played, because I used to start the game without the steam launcher)Besides that, this game is IMO not playable without addons.But using MINION, the addon manager, your life really gets so much easier (e.g. mini map)They give a list of most downloaded addons and you can update them easily by just pressing a button.So DO NOT FORGET to install minion!!!One of the best things of ESO is that they really put a lot of efforts in the storyline and lore of the quests. No such things like you ""slay ten wolves and the next quest you have to slay 15 imps.There will always be grinding, but yea that is MMO right? :)Max level is 50, then you start with Champion Points(CP) your gear will be maxed at cp160 and your character cp600.The main story is really epic and is a solo storyline.They really blasted me away with that! But no spoilers here!What I like the most are dungeons and trials.Everything in normal mode is quite ""easy"" (depends on your level of course), except the DLC, they are a bit harder.In veteran mode you really need to know the mechanics  of bosses and you can't just burst your way through it.That makes it really challenging.Trials are dungeons with 12 people.I did a few trials, (the easy ones, in normal mode) and that is playable without much tactics.But again trials in verteran mode with 12 people requires a lot of coordination. This is also real end game material.Being in a guild makes this game really worth it. This counts for every MMO.So as you start, join ASAP a guild that you think seems fun. You can join up to five guilds, so just accept invites and start playing with guys/ girls from guilds.Find another beginner, quest together and ask help from more experienced players. In a good guild, they are eager to help.Most have  Discord with nice chat and voice features.  After a while you start to know the people and you really will keep playing more and more eventually.DLC:Every few months ESO publishes new DLC.This consists mostly of dungeons and/or trials or new skill lines like the thieves guild and the dark brotherhood.The thieves guild is my favorite DLC, because who does not like to steal in elder scrolls?Really cool quests and dailies.Morrowind:It adds a new class ( which is real cool) : the warden and gives you access to Vvardenfell.I think this is a DLC marketed as an expansion and find it too expensive, nevertheless I bought it, because yea I really like the game. :)A  lot of people are nostalgic and do not mind paying around 40 euros.ESO ONE TAMRIEL:THe best update they ever did.Why?Before you could not see your friend or enemy :) from another faction and now they do, which increased the player base gigantic. You will never feel alone in ESO, especially now with Morrowind, but also with the new players batch from two months ago, when the game was F2P for a period of time.Besides that, it scaled everything to max.This means that a lvl 10 can play with a cp160. Because his gear, damage,.. got scaled to max.You won't be as powerful as a maxxed character, but it gives you the opportunity to play with friends that are much higher/lower level. This  update is a real GAME CHANGER.Homestead:Adding houses in ESO.It is something you do not need to do, but you can.And if you can, why not?It adds more gameplay to the game, because now you can build/ buy stuff to furnish your house and you will start to invest gold in it and be proud of the result, for sure!. Furnish your house, the way you want, invite your guild members and friends, and have a party. You can even force your friends to build furniture and decorate it in your house.They also have a useful aspect:You can add crafting stations, a merchant and a banker  in your house, so it actually becomes a pitstop between dungeons to sell/ desenchant your loot. It is really useful!The community:A lot of games face real problems to achieve a decent community. I am looking to you CSGO, LoL, COD :)ESO has a nice mature community.Most people are friendly, and willing to help each other out. Even just random people in zone chat.Even in dungeons, when things don't work out as planned, if someone is getting angry or is losing hope, he just leaves instead of flaming.I can imagine in PvP that it can be a different story. But i could not tell you.ESO+ (price varies from 11 to 13 euros/ month depending on how long you take subscription):Is it really needed? NO, Not at allYou receive:-Full access to all DLC game packs- around 1500 Crowns per month-Access to Craft Bag for the duration of your membershipThis is the best feature. If you really get into crafting and gathering resources, I do believe it gets inevitable to not haveESO+. It can but it won't be easy to-Costume Dyeing at Dye Stations throughout the world: really cool feature!!! :) but you need to unlock the dyes byachievements and playing the game. Which I also like.-Double the amount of Furnishings and Collectibles you can place in each of your homes-Double Bank Space=> this is a new feature and adds value to having ESO+. I do not deny that.-10% increase to Experience, Crafting Inspiration, Trait Research, and Gold Acquisition rates. I think that is a fairpercentage.Things I think need improvement:- There are still bugs, but that is normal.- The dungeon finder was broken for a very long time, and that is something that can not be accepted. (but now they  fixed it). But it seems that ESO really struggles with fixing bugs.- The mailing system, you always need to relog to receive your mail.- The buying system: if you buy something from a guild trader, you get it in your mail box and again you will need torelog. They should just put it in your inventory immediately imo.- Some people are sceptic about homestead and also the crown crates, that ESO starts to ask more and more money, alsowith Morrowind pricing.- Every monday morning there is maintenance and you do not know how long that will take.( It can be hours and hours :))Conclusion:You can play it without subscription, but it makes life easier for crafting.It is not skyrim, the mechanics and combat will feel more like a MMO.There are bugs that you have to cope with.How more xp you get, how more fun it will be with dungeons, trials, PvP and so on :)But the ONE tamriel update made it much more fun for low levels. GAME CHANGER!If you hesitate, then maybe wait for a deal, you can buy it for around 10 euros in sales. Believe me, that is a real dealbreaker, only if you  want to play the ""single player"" main story line for example.if you have any questions, also for beginners, if you need help, PM me or comment here, I am always willing to help you guys out!Hope this helped :)"
,Recommended,306130,30298700,Posted: 3 March,all,Miriadis,I just drugged a frog that I got from a guy through persuasion to win this rigged frog race so a woman addicted to frog races could pay her debts and split the prize with me.10/10 would dope a wild animal again
,Recommended,306130,24783051,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,NECRONISMS,This is literally WoW with better graphics and far more fair rules regarding crafting and gathering. And I wouldn't have it any other way. Montly subscription is absolutely worth it and I don't regret any money spent on it.
76561198121263967,Recommended,306130,24813590,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,shadow,GAME OF GAMES GOOD
76561198129258732,Recommended,306130,25081427,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,filankee,"Pretty cool game. Definitely best MMO out there right now. I'd recommend you wait until One Tamriel is out to buy it, though.Also, watch out for sketchy people near the outside of major cities. That's the stuff of nightmares.Edit:One Tamriel is out! It's awesome! Buy this game immediately!https://youtu.be/3GwjfUFyY6M"
76561198059037649,Recommended,306130,25301789,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,S.T.A.C.C.Serphant1,"Great game. Love the idea teaming up with friends. Wish i could built by own home. Game play, graphics great. Detail in game. Worlds are big. Big variety of characters to choose from. Recommend this game to others."
,Recommended,306130,24782168,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Angry Gerbil,"HOOOOKay, lemme clear some things up.honestly, in my own opinion this game is the best MMO on the market right now.is it better in any particular area?-no, not really.then why is it better?-because it takes all the best things from all the other mmos and comes to a close second in every catagory.Story: is it as good as SWTOR?-no but its close.Combat: is it as good as GW2?-no but its close. (but much better in skill customization)Crafting: is it as good as FFXIV?-eh, about on par.Character Customization: is it as good as Champions online?-the closest an mmo will probably get for some time. about the same if not a lil worse than GW2 which is still good.Content: Does it have as much as WoW?-no not really. but damn are they trying.this game is really a story of the phenox here. Rising from a terrible release to a generally good MMO. I think the thing that a lot of people get hung up on is it's title. Saying this game is an Elder Scrolls game is probably doing this game the biggest diservice, but the people who see what this game for what it is will not be struck by that.LET ME BE CLEAR!!!THIS IS NOT SKYRIM!Trying to get a feature length AAA RPG to fit perfectly into a MMO format is an absolute unreasonable expectation for our current generation. It tries its damnedest to give the feel of an elder scrolls game and i think for an MMO they did a good job with what they had.if you try this game... please i beg of you, just go into it with the mindset that this is a MMO and not a AAA rpg so many people cant stop complaining about.INTERESTING FEATURES!!!-Can become a vampire or werewolf (and other players can change you)-Can stealth and steal things in the world.-guards will chase you if your cought!-you can now assassinate NPCs (for 1/4 XP which seems reasonable.)-DLC story's that scale to your level, play with a high level friend!-In PvP a guild can take over and designate an emperor.-conversations all voiced.-not pay to win. / pay for convenience/appearance-can be played alone if the player chose-fairly nice community-great theory crafting for skills and skill evolution.-Great immersion.-excellent RP community (if your into that sort of thing).http://teso-rp.com/^^^ Link if your interested in getting into it.Bad stuff...-DLCs can get pricy and cut features if you do not have them.-only 6 skills can be used at a time.-queues for dungeons are a bit long (from my own experience).-Auction house system is strange... use of guild trader's is not the best.-probably the worst feature ive ever seen exists in this game for some reason. so apparently when you first buy the game you can only access the three races the faction you pick allows. FORTUNATELY you can buy something in game so you can pick all of them.My Rating?- 8.25 / 10"
76561198083484031,Recommended,306130,25100829,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,chazz0715,I would have to say this game is in the running for #1 non-subscription MMO on the market for a while now.
76561198141196265,Recommended,306130,25139709,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Gruffy McDoot,I'm in love with this game. As someone who played WoW for half a decade (and realizes that WoW has definitely fallen off the hinges since then) Elder Scrolls Online is an excellent replacement. ESO provides better lore (and a better RP experience) than WoW and also has a lot more freedom with character customaization. No more dealing with cookie cutter classes and roles because ESO actually allows you the freedom to make your character what you want.If you're a fan of MMORPG's or Elder Scrolls lore/gameplay I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,306130,25473083,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Sun Daily,The game is good thats about it its an MMO that plays like an MMO 10/10
,Recommended,306130,24803139,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Magegagox,👍
76561198256771320,Recommended,306130,24330562,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,reiyll,"This is a quality game and highly recommend it to anyone who is starting out on MMOs, granted there's only 5 slots for a quickbar. Game is updating constantly with new content to keep you on your feet and it is quite easy to level up in the champion ranks."
76561198155977989,Recommended,306130,25010477,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,DagothUrWelcomesYou,Recommend for MMO lovers. The quests and lore behind it would very well make this game enjoyable.It is not like another TES game. It is something a lot different. Remember that. Don't get in and expect Skyrim 2.
76561198236200040,Recommended,306130,25006251,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,"Primo life(""-"")",I think this game takes a log time to download it will take about 1 day to dowload the game from steam and a couple of hours to download the patches So probably leave it o for a day over night or also when at work or at school So yeah But the wait is worth it.
,Recommended,306130,25000640,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Strange Johnson,"Probably has the best dungeons/group instances I've experienced in an MMO, with a close competitor being FFXIV. The new max level system is great, muchbetter than it was before, and the game isn't pay2win. Good community overall, and decent build variance. Worth a buy."
76561198075675018,Recommended,306130,25292005,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,kkeyz,"This game got a lot of hate at launch, but slowly it got better, especially when tamriel unlimited launched. This is fun to play with your friends, and still pretty fun playing solo, even more so if you're a fan of The Elder Scrolls series. Probably the most said thing about this is ""Don't go in expecting Skyrim Online,"" and that is true. It doesn't feel entirely like an elder scrolls game, but just enough to get you into the world. I personally love the community, as just running around and seeing small things like how people give their characters lore friendly names. Overall ESO has gotten better since launch, and if you're a fan of The Elder Scrolls, I definitely recommend this game."
76561198318565614,Recommended,306130,24797504,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Rankirk Ice,fantastic game. lots of options in story line. A big thumbs up.
,Recommended,306130,25084289,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,oTier,"ESO isn't your typical MMO. It has a great depth with classes and races and allows for you to not be controlled to be one cerain play-style. You arn't really restricted to what armor or weapons you can equip for your class and arn't restricted to how you play for your class. You could be a templar and be a tank a healer or a DPS. Though some classes are better for certain things there isn't much retriction. There is a huge gathering sytem and crafting system in the game which allows for some exciting playtime. It feels nice to create yourself a full suit of armor upgrading it, then enchanting it. You get to feel a real sense of power.The lower level armor sets don't look the best, but the higher tier armor sets can look awesome. The aesthetics of the spells can be exciting and the looks of some of the effects can be great. The world alone is full of detail and some mobs can look dull while others can be menacing. The PVP in this game is challenging and competitive which requires teamwork and skill. The PVE is exciting, difficult, and rewarding.ESO is also NOT pay to win. The in game shop only has cosmetics costumes, mounts, and pets. However you can use ESO plus which grants you in game perks for 15$ every month, but overall in regards to money the game is buy to play with and optional in game subscription which grants perks and an cosmetic in game shop.Overall ESO is a great MMO, I would definately put it up there in regards to the top MMOs."
76561198118654980,Recommended,306130,24507958,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Pope without the hat,I do not get why this game gets so much hate. It is absolutely awesome. I wont do a long review but I'll make a pros and cons list.CONS:- Lore-breaking: Cyrodiil isnt a jungle and you can play as any race in any alliance.- Dlc is very expensive if you dont subscribe-The skills that are activated by numbers makes the game feel less like an elder scrolls game.-Magic is more limited. You cant cast it through your hands anymore (unless you have skills) and you must use staffs.-You cannot focus on the main quest because you can only play it when you reach certain levels.-Not very rewarding loot from bosses and the prices at shops are very high.- No clear difference between races.- No differences between different kinds of weapons like daggers and swords for example.- Imperial editionPROS* I hate MMOs but I really really like this game.* Good and friendly community. Its easy to find people to play with.* Alliance War* Guilds* Its a harder game than skyrim and oblivion and it feels more rewarding to achieve something in this game.* Good crafting and customization systems* Leveled zones* Fun worlds. It's cool to explore the never before seen parts of Tamriel.* It updates often.* Classes are re-in♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ed (but they are still pretty dummed down)* Nice looking graphics for an MMO* Overall cool gameplay* 8 charachter slots so you can create different characters --> more replay abilityOverall I would say that this game is definately worth your money and I highly recommend it if you are an MMO or TES fan.
,Recommended,306130,24782185,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,CosmicRemix,"If you need a good game to play, this is it."
76561198092775182,Recommended,306130,24998405,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Brian Boru,Definitely worth buying!
76561197990994221,Recommended,306130,26729031,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Sparkeh!?!?,"It's alright as far as mmo's go. Just don't expect anythng like skyrim, morrowind or oblivion in anything but the theme."
76561198071977482,Recommended,306130,35185267,Posted: 24 September,all,Roobz,one of my favorite games. ever.
,Recommended,306130,20435349,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Beagán,There are house cats. 10/10
76561198058010151,Recommended,306130,23764330,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,hallodxDBL,"To anyone considering trying and may ask for refund later cause it's sales time, download their launcher at their site so steam won't record your gaming time, for you will spend more than 2 hrs of ""gaming time"" downloading the game and it is stupid. If some other games like smite can download without launching why not this one.I personally won't ask tho, don't worry dev you have my money.So ok I've played outside of steam for more than 10 hrs or so and, well, it's a Elder scrolls themed MMO. If you know what MMO means you know what you should expect, also some back tracking which I don't like but could tolerate. You can't just go to any place you like, like every elder scroll game, but it provides a good amount of things to do, ""plot"" they may say, while leveling and building your character, and it's not bad to me. Maps are well built and it is fun looking around. Exploring every corner rewards you so called skyshed, you collect 3 and gain a skill point, but well, almost everyone on PC just install skyshed mod see where they are and take them directly lol.Still my character is too young to participate faction fight, will update if I am not getting tired of it when I got there, I mean if I get there eventually."
76561197991671705,Recommended,306130,26738982,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,NyanNyanKoneko,"Wow, this game has improved!Ever since ESO was announced, most everyone was excited to play an Elder Scrolls game that just happens to have MMORPG elements attached. However, at launch, we got an MMO with Elder Scrolls elements attached. People who played early on will know exactly what I mean. In some ways, it felt more like World of Warcraft than Elder Scrolls.Well, the developers listened, and the many updates since launch fixed many of my and others' complaints. It now feels like I'm playing an Elder Scrolls game online. There are still changes to the Elder Scrolls formula to make it work online--however not all are bad. Horse / mount mechanics in ESO are an improvement over the previous games. The same goes with the extensive crafting system.Initially I was turned off by the game, and now I can't get enough. I'm so glad I waited and gave the developers a second chance. This is now one of my favorite MMORPGs."
,Recommended,306130,24100530,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Miszou,it's alright i guess
,Recommended,306130,26727493,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,💖Ｃｕｎｔ Ｈａｔ💖,it's aight but it aint no Skyman or Oblivion
,Recommended,306130,20275872,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BIG THICC,Elder scrolls online.This game is wonderfull. Seeing that Zenimax made it instead of Bethesda it carries on the elder scrolls tradition. Whether you select a Nord to a dark elf you always end up with a different variety and character customisation. With millions of possibilities in the character you can make the prettiest woman to the fiercest Orc.Yes the game had a rough ride at the beginning. It had bad graphics a lot of bugs and it was even in beta! It has improved a lot and Zenimax has even implemented a crown system which is argued to be making the game buy to play. However the things are optional and it doesn't decide your rank among others. You can save 10k instead of spending realise money.The first while I played the game.To give you a backstory I started following the elder scrolls since morrowind. My dad had the game and I lend it from him. I felt in love with the game. It had mild graphics but that didn't matter. However I then moved over to oblivion on launch. I got it from my dad again. I loved the difficulties and game story. This brings me to ESO. After skyrim I had high expectations for the game. Yes it took me a while to save 70$ but I made it. I got the game and I dove into tamriel.The first thing I noticed was that the graphics were really bad. However I figured out that my driver wasn't synced with the game. I played a bit but it didn't feel right. It felt like a modified elder scrolls game. I played it for 73 hours now and I'm happy. However I would not consider this elder scrolls VI I would consider it a extension to a series but not part of the series.Although to any buyer I would say this before they buy itElder scrolls online should be considered an mmorpg before considered a ES gameI hope this helped!
,Recommended,306130,23445302,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,OnlineBirch_FTW,At first i though this game would not feel like an elderscrolls game but it does
76561198237543692,Recommended,306130,23773715,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,EpicMailMan1234,This game Is AWESOME it is basicaly skyrim online but more. I do not know why people dont like this game but it is awesome. SO GET IT!!
76561198055298831,Recommended,306130,25978136,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,davemcleod,Addicted love it! Woman loves it more than me...great overall game extremely good lore and no reading if you are dyslexic as all quest givers speak in full audio...very very deep storyline. Amazing end game...the level cap is just the start. Cannot rate on PVP because i am so busy exploring so much stuff that i havent had a chance yet.
,Recommended,306130,28925486,Posted: 1 January,all,kinetic-sky,"This is literally my favorite game ever. I genuinely dont understand why some dont like it.Dungeons: AmazingPVP : some cheaters but still really funPVE: enjoyableLeveling: super cool, especially vet leveling with the Champion points systemI've had this game for over a year now and they are continually making this game better with every new update and DLC."
76561198148132964,Recommended,306130,28249264,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,💕k i m m y.p u f f💕,Group questing is lit.
,Recommended,306130,20044012,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sam90,"+tives :-+ Great graphics.+ Decent soundtrack.+ Large maps with numerous quests.+ Very good value considering how long is this game with no subscription required.+ The combat animations are improved when compared to other TES games.-tives :-- Leveling takes too long.- Lacks the feeling and the atmosphere of single player TES games.- The quests are not very rewarding.Even though I bought this game at a discounted price, it still worth its asking $60 IMO."
76561198118314542,Recommended,306130,29363373,Posted: 19 January,all,tMnN =),"I played a bit, guess its allright."
76561198108111336,Recommended,306130,16722932,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dovahkiin,"This game is absolutley amazing. I was not expecting much, but then was blown away by the amount of great content that this game offers!"
76561198087421414,Recommended,306130,16914983,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,dwarfnipples1,"Almost at 350 hours and still really enjoying it, its much faster to level with friends and much more fun to play and it has a sort of skyrim feel imo, but its substantially different ""power"" wise, with the spell/power bar set up as an MMORPG should have, making it easier to cast and change between weapons. My advice to new players would be to get a mount ASAP, as the open world is massive.. but the quick travel system is fairly good once you discover locations.Probably the best aspect of the game, is that any class can play pretty much any role (DPS, tank, healer etc), its up to you what your character can do, and what you put skill points into (of which there are plenty once you get going)Regular Patches are good, and new crown content, updates and everything are great and regular. I play on low graphics on a low end PC and it runs fine, low graphics arent anything to complain about either. If you enjoy Elder scrolls story, Battles, PVP castle sieges, dungeon raiding for high end loot or an escape from the thought of your parents imminent divorce, you will enjoy The Elder Scrolls Online."
76561198035405257,Recommended,306130,17237529,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,BOO CHIGGA,"Played 130 hours in less than 2 weeks. Got to say this game got me addicted. It's not like skyrim, it's not like the usual mmorpg, but it's better. It has aspects of skyrim wich makes it cool (the story, hud, chars, .. ect) and it has the cool things that a normal mmorpg has. I was against it the first time i saw it but after trying out the game i was sold. And still after a 130 hours i'm still being amazed at what it has to offer. It's not buy to win aswell, it has vanity things that cost real money but that's all, just some cosmetic shizzle mcnizzle. Reccomendedddeedddedede"
76561198001276347,Recommended,306130,18589617,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,yoloswag420blazeitkappakappa6969,"I played this game for about 2 hours when it first released, and then got a refund.  It was that bad.  I decided to give it another shot after this passage of time and have not been disappointed.  I highly suggest giving this game another try if you are in the position of having played at release and seeing how terrible it was at that time.  It has improved very much, and being buy to play is a nice bonus, the subsciption option is totally unnecessary."
,Recommended,306130,18380488,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,skirby1990,"The only reason that I did not purchase this game when it first came out was because of the subscription fee. Now that the game can be played without a subscription if you have a copy of the unlimited version there was no longer a reason not to pick up this game.I would highly reccommend this game to anyone who enjoy games with Open World, RPG, MMO, Story Rich and Sandbox as Tags. My two favourite features about this game are the tutorial system for the game, if you have completed the tutorial once than you are offered to skip it on a second character while gaining the standard level of 3 that you would get from completing it normaly. Very helpful for people like me who play as 15-20 characters for the first few days to learn more about the classes and skills before deciding on what I want my main character to be. My second feature that I enjoy about this game is the hot swap weapons that you are able to set up at level 15 this counters the limit of only having 5 skills and an ultimate skill set up.My cons for this game are not having enough time to play and the delete system although I wouldnt change how it works since I do think it is a great idea and solves a lot of normal bot problems. It is troublesome for my method of haveing 15-20 characters to decide on what class I want to be.Overall Best MMO I have played yet and favourite Elder Scrolls game."
,Recommended,306130,15280515,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Hacker,This game made me fail all my exams.
,Recommended,306130,16711776,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,BootlegBeer -Klutz-,I'm a cat riding a cat into battle with a pet cat and a hat that looks like a cat as well. 10/10
76561198043237014,Recommended,306130,19384215,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Zerolt,"Still downloading, praise Australian internet."
,Recommended,306130,26644665,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Hyde,"I have thousands of hours between PS4, Xbox and PC.  The game is a superb MMO with a lot of diversity.  You can play the game however you want.  Solo, group, PvP only, large guild structure - whatever you want.  In my opinion, this is the best modern-day MMO on the market and highly recommend everyone at least try it.  It often on sale for $10-$15 or even free weekends."
76561198031028744,Recommended,306130,21634601,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,EEK99,"With this being my first MMORPG, I was a little hesitant.  I love the Elder Scrolls series, I've simply shied away from online gaming because I don't play at ""that level"".  I will say this game has opened me up.  It scales nicely to the level you are at, and the playing style you choose.  Plus, there are always other people in game that are always willing to help.  I can be working on one quest, another player is at the same point, we group together and complete it.  One recommendation I would make is to join an established guild.  Not one of the guilds that requires you to spend your in-game resources to be a member, I think that is ridiculous.  I am part of a couple of guilds that cost me nothing, and they are successful guilds.  These guilds are key, I have found, to being successful.  They also make the game more enjoyable and you can get a lot of great advice from those that are more experienced.  So I would say the community is excellent.  As far as graphics are concerned, ramp yours up to whatever your machine can handle.  I have mine set to ultra with no problems and the game is beautiful, runs smooth.  I recommend turning the grass off, it's not needed.  As far as the internet connection, I live in an area where we have caps on our internet.  Downloading ate up a lot during the monthly cycle, after that, it barely scratches it.  So from someone that has always dispised online gaming, this game rocks, and I definitely recommend it.  If you played Oblivion and Skyrim and you loved them, you will love this."
76561198072431336,Recommended,306130,21103745,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Kiula,"Having sunk almost 400 hours into Skyrim and doing every ♥♥♥♥ing quest possible let me say this is the goddamn game I've been waiting for. Absolutely love it. Not gonna say it's perfect, but it's definitely a damn good time. And far far better than it's Beta days. 9/10"
76561198078732674,Recommended,306130,22363691,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Asceticens,"Great game with fantastic visuals! Defianately a social game and much better when played  with friends. It's a bit touchy with system requirements; it doesn't support Windows 10 yet and if you are near the recommended minimum system requirements an update may obsolete your machine ( this happened with my laptop after about 7 months of flawless play, but I was flirting with the absolute minimum from the start). ESO is incredibly immersive and a lot of fun. If you make sure you have the equipment this game just might become your favorite MMO."
76561198051437377,Recommended,306130,26650409,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,NefariousOcelot,I'm seriously disappointed that I have less than 300 hours into this game and now there's a sale that would have justified a copy of Gold Edition.
76561198001096021,Recommended,306130,29802376,Posted: 9 February,all,|88|MBX,"If you like Elder Scrolls you must have ESO Tamriel Unlimited(just do not expect it Skyrim online :)). Interesting storyline and a long, side q is also interesting,many group dungeons and trials.Cyrodiil very large map with lots of castles for those who love the massive PVP. Nice graphics and music. Only to buy the DLC, or any additions, it is quite expensive.After more than 1,200 hours in the game, I can say that the game is very addictive, with very friendly players community.Highly recommend :)"
,Recommended,306130,32280897,Posted: 8 June,all,Kxetse,Good bye to my summer and ♥♥♥♥ getting a Job.
,Recommended,306130,24214959,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Deaths Knightmare,"Brilliant game Love playing it, great custimization not just at creating a char but threw the game with crafting armor, weapons, other items and skills :D"
,Recommended,306130,26706093,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sloth,"I saw many recent negative reviews on the following and I feel like I need to clear things up for them.1. This is not like Skyrim or Oblivion, it's a MMO and if anyone does research before they by their games would know that within the first 5 minutes. People complaining that it's nothing like Skyrim look like ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.2. People are complaining about the DLC of this game and the crowns. Saying their money grabbing company and the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥because of it. On the crown store you get mostly cosmetic things, meaning you're not at an advantage over people who only pay the intital price. The DLC is a little extra but you can spend over 1000 hours without the DLC, again the DLC isn't a must and Bethesda has always had DLC for their games.3. People are saying the game is boring and felt they were just killing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over. I feel like these people expected the same experience as Skyrim, which again isn't and this game is suited to a different audience. This game is more social than Skyrim and you will have a better experience going into dungeons with mates ect"
,Recommended,306130,29287466,Posted: 15 January,all,Main,"Don't expect this game to be a multiplayer game of Skyrim! It never was and will never be a Skyrim Multiplayer Game.ESO is the first MMORPG game I've played and all I can say that it definitely gets a thumbs up from me from the dungeons and flexibility of the skills tree.Despite NA being the most saltiest region in the world, ESO has many friendly players that will help you in the game. I have yet to encounter toxic players in the game.Would totally recommend for people who are getting into the MMORPG field."
,Recommended,306130,24700500,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,berukboy,"I'm writing this while waiting for the in-game loading screen to finish so yeah, when people ask me what games I play, I reply 2 years ago I bought a whole bunch of games on the Steam Christmas sale and I played a few of em while waiting for TESO to finish downloading. 2,298.6 hours on record later.... It's gotten so bad that I flip between the NA and the EU server just to find more of a challenge when playing and to dodge the dreaded latency monster. If they ever open up a SEA server or even an ANZ server I'll be rolling up new characters to play there just so I can get better latency when I pvp and STILL play my other characters on the other two server. And if you're asking, the graphics are BEYOND skyrim when you max out the settings (but without graphical mods like ENB so let's not even go there). It has just enough stick and carrot to get us to grind out every new content being churned out. If you're just getting in, add me and I'll go a few rounds in Cyrodill with you (Better RED than dead/GOLD for the Queen/United in BLUE/Purple Alliance I don't care we're just grinding AP here)."
76561198121320996,Recommended,306130,26699796,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,-=YAShimoto/-/Kobayashi=-,"Basic MMORPG with Tamriel-lore races, names, classes. If you don't like online multiplayers you won't like it much. It IS A NICE  online multiplayer but it's not Skyrim or similar enough to it to fill the hole in my heart where wonder is missing. I know Skyrim like my own palm of the hand soooo... next game please? Don't like MMORPGs but will probably buy Tamriel EVENTUALLY...."
76561198271591962,Recommended,306130,23400708,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,The False Shepherd PT,"Amazing so far. It's not exactly like Skyrim, so don't buy this expecting a Skyrim online but it is an amazing MMO with an interesting story. The mechanics are great and they are easy to control. The character creation is better than Skyrim but still lacking on many aspects, specially on the male creation. The graphics aren't perfect even in the highest resolution but the quality of the game itself definitely makes up for it. 11/10 Would ignore the Brazilian girl trying to flirt with me on FB again, what a game."
,Recommended,306130,23766456,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,WnHoYt,good game better with frinds
,Recommended,306130,21933959,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Reverend Fritz,"Seemed like a normal MMO.  Better than average.  Then I went on a quest where a female gave me her unfertilized eggs for me to place in coral so she could merge with it body and soul.10/10 would ""omgwtf!?!"" again.Side note:I had a quest to gather (insert number) of (insert part of a body).  I killed (said number) and recieved a part each time!  you may not understand this if you havn't played MMO's before, but there is an epidemic of creatures surviving without vital organs in most of them(like hearts, and heads)."
,Recommended,306130,15496919,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Belzebuth666,"well for the fans of TES , at least since OBLIVION`s  5***** ( grafics and content and gameplay ) , TESO is THE game to play and own  and  for nearly 200 hrs of gameplay its defenetly worth the $$$ ... a HUGE adventure!!!"
76561198039363975,Recommended,306130,15059194,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Kobra,I havent played a lot to give a full review but this will be my first impression.i am suprise that his game have very good quests .i tough that this game was repetive and boring .but i was wrong.if you love the lore of the elder scrolls this is your game.the combat system is good. the game have good performance now. at least for me no lag no nothingi know this game got very bad impressions at first wihen it come out.but now is more than an enjoyable experiance so far.i love the elder scrolls series i been loyal since daggerfall. and i will support this game because i love this great comapany.this game is not perfect but is seen that have put a lot of work in this game.the only think i dislike is that i cant visit some location i love like balmora in Vanderfall or sumerset islands . or at least i think you cant visit them .I hope one day we get the dam elder scrolls Akavir xD
,Recommended,306130,15134738,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Danica Sarain,"Okay, so I'm currently 66 hours on record and owning the game less than 2 weeks.  I'm hooked.  What put me off from buying this a while ago when it first came out was the subscription which I wasn't a fan of.  Had I known that I would have this much fun I would have subbed.  Already picked up an ESO Plus membership.While the game was great at work on my gtx 570 SLI, I had to lower the settings on the core i3 intel HD 3000.  I mean, it ran, it looked fine, but for a $120 gfx card upgrade that little i3 & new card is pushing the game at 60fps in high.Fun game with lots of stuff to do.Friendly communityNew player friendlySolo instancesGroup instancesPVP areaCrafting (Armor, weapons, potions)Pickpocketing strangersUnkillable guards that rain justice down on you if you're caught stealing and can't pay the bounty/fine and then stealing all your wonderful loot that you spent so much time stealing.9/10 will play another 800 hours then complain about how there's nothing else to do."
76561198083804510,Recommended,306130,15477707,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Sky the Cat,"I started playing after Tamriel Unlimited's release, and I've got to say it must have been a game changing update, because it practically nullified any negative review I'd ever heard.10/10 Khajiit models look great."
76561198016116144,Recommended,306130,15575120,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ApolloBrownPlanet Asia - The Aur,Beautiful graphics - Creative and Deep character possibilities
76561198085224628,Recommended,306130,15946798,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Torva Wulf,"Before I begin let me just make it clear that i have played this game way longer than just five minutes.When I first heard about this game I knew that one day I would get this game. At the time the only system I had was a PS3 but when i heard that it was becoming buy to play I knew, that I had to sell my ps3 and all my games in order to play this game. Anyway's the first thing i did when i set up my brand new computer was to buy it off of steam i downloaded it early in the morning and stayed up all night playing it. I had a laps after my character got to lvl 30 but have just gotten back into the game and i still love it. I know that some people are a bit apprehensive in buying the game because of the problems it had when it first came out, but they have fixed so many of the bugs. But just like any game there might be a few bugs that they missed they are on it though with updates that they pace at a reasonable rate of time.Now if you are thinking that this will be kind of like a Skyrim online... Don't, its not meant to be a Skyrim online it is it's own game but the lore is just fantastic!All in all i would say that this is a must get game. 10/10"
76561198040862154,Recommended,306130,15072650,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Paul the Fightman,"this game was a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is now not a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is an elder scrolls mmo, the combat is almost as good as skyrim, but with more abilties and more clunky basic attacks. as a mage, this game is fantastic."
,Recommended,306130,15145888,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Twister,"I beta tested this game in the 6 months leading up to it's launch, and very quickly lost interest.  A month ago I purchased this game for my wife because she really wanted it, and I just told her that I probably won't ever play it.  I watched her play ESO here and there for about 3 weeks and for some reason thought it looked awesome.  I purchased the game last week, and if my playtime is any indication, I effing love this game.   There is something about ESO that clicks for me now that didn't before and I love it.  Instead of saying what's good and what's bad, I will leave a link to a review that sums up my thoughts perfectly.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csY7RYF4rKQThis game is NOT Skyrim Online, nor did it ever promise to be.  Zenimax has made it clear that they listen to their active player base and continue to improve the game that had such a dreadful launch.  If you are a fan of The Elder Scrolls franchise, this is a fun MMO that takes place in that universe.  If you are a hard core fan of TES lore, then you will be disappointed in the story.  If you're looking for an awesome theme park style MMO, then you will more than likely love this game."
,Recommended,306130,15035123,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Visheena,"Quest till you puke!!!  A very enjoyable game, anyone who attempts to hit the max level in record time is going to get burnt out fast. This is a questing gamers game."
,Recommended,306130,15114790,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ToTheMax,Like skyrim with people 10/10All reality though its a solid game do not let the old reviews lead you away from this this game.
76561198081234177,Recommended,306130,15055826,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Tandy Dandy,"This game started off rough, with lots of bugs and a small player base. Now with all of the fixes, tons of new players, and way more attention from devs and more player feedback, this game is GLORIOUS.Absolutely a great game. Lots to do, and everything you do from exploring, to doing really good quests, and PvPing - Everything you do is rewarded.Definately recommend this game, especially now that it is buy-to-play with no more subscription (game was great even with subscription.)"
,Recommended,306130,15062859,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ﾏﾝﾈｷﾝ,"It is great. I jumped in having no clue what an MMORPG was, and I was surprised I enjoyed it so much. I never played skyrim, so I assume I'd be more biased had I played it, but I love the game. Lots of stuff to do, and I was surprised to find that there are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of places to explore, more than I could've imagined. Awesome. One thing I want is heavier consequences for dying. I feel like there's not enough fear for dying.Also, Smashing my face into a lizard man's crotch while doing curl ups."
,Recommended,306130,15134904,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Respec_The_Tism,Attention to everyone not up to date! The supscription fee is gone. Just pay once and you're done. With that out of the way let me judge this game as an mmo and its similarities to elder scrolls games. Every mmo uses hot keys for abilities and they are all effective to change the way of battle. There also is no respawn times on bosses or chests with mission items. Other players now feel like they are aiding you instead of steaqling your objectives. This game borrows a lot of features from Oblivion ranging from the lockpick system and guilds. The fighters guild is back. The level up system is equilvalent to fallout but the skill point system for weapons and armor are still there from skyrim. Overall this is one of the only mmo's that feels like a single player rpg with an adapting enviorment. Just don't steal anything when u are broke because its pay up or die repeatedly until u pay.
76561197985175503,Recommended,306130,15143986,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,thebossmanrod,lol cant play game due 7989 files missing from download .... after a 24 hour download .......  when ( if }i actualy get to play the game ill write a review ..  ps the steam help is rubish as the tell u to do a game cache check .. but then it wont connect ....  but i can play other games on steam ....  and the officail site says to use there fix after ... lol i would love to actualy get that far it would be nice ....not impressed .... ps does any know how top get ones money back ? as this might be my next route i takeedit ..  apparently dont download from steam .... KiriX told me and guess what the download is working( cheers )  17 % done ...... and its trundleing allong nicely ....thnx KiriX for help ..... his advice was better than i found else where .....update   .. download done ..... took 17 hours on main web site and it worked first time .... so steam i say to you ... fix ya darn download issues . to every one else   yay its all good ...im lvl 7 ...  and so far i like how it works .. it drives nice and the combat works well ....the crafting works ok as well .... and there is ingame help . which is actualy explained well ..all in all so far in 7 levels 10/10 for game   experiance ..
,Recommended,306130,15228482,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,pete butler,"I played the game whilst it was in beta, and I disliked it. Felt like it was lacking content... Not to mention I believed the $15 a month was a bit much. Really it's not much, but guessing i'd play it for more than 4 months I figured it wasn't worth the $60+.Now after buying Tamriel Unlimited, i'm hooked. It's great fun, and the werewolf is amazingly fun (I was lucky to have become one, it's difficult to become).Highly recommend."
76561197971109570,Recommended,306130,15044040,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,BearWithTwoGuns,"Heard a lot of bad things about this game when it was first released, decided to try it now that they removed the subscription and I have to say: this game is awesome!It has a nice feel to it, and feels like a true elder scrolls game combined with an mmo. You can tell a lof of people have started playing recently as well as the servers are brimming with life.I would easily recommend this game to anyone, wether looking for a casual experience with a friend or want to grind that gear"
,Recommended,306130,15061316,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Cicufire101,If you liked skyrim you are going to love this. There is more places to explore then skyrim and a giant war between three racial factions. I love it so far and my grandma keeps saying the graphics are beautifull and i agree. I am a lv 9 Kajjit and i am loving this game so far!!!!!
,Recommended,306130,15070279,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,InferiorBaton,"The game is so much better than it was when it was released. Plus, you can wear a bride's dress, so that's cool too. If you quit playing due to bugs or the subscription, come back and give it a try."
76561198041370555,Recommended,306130,15219125,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,syth_ryan,"So far So good. At first I felt awkward but thats just because I had to get used to the style of this game. The combat you actually have to pay attention to, which is AWESOME! The crafting though was the most different. Its not like your regular mmo but still is, its hard to explain. make sure you look up pictures or videos to get started in the crafting system. Overall I'm level 15 now and Loving every minute!"
,Recommended,306130,15256688,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Syries,"I bought the game pre-Tamriel Unlimited, but only played during the first 30 days before I had to pay to continue playing. And to be honest, it wasn't a game that was worth the subscription. Now that it's free to play after purchase, it's definitely a great MMO. I have to agree with what others have said about this game: you have to remember that it is primarily an MMO, and and Elder Scrolls game secondarily.There's a lot of diversity between the classes and play styles. You can be pretty much any type of character you want, using whatever class you end up choosing. Don't get too caught up in the fact that it's an elder scrolls game with a class system (and only 4 classes at that). The game rewards you pretty early on with plenty of skills to choose from (including unique active and passive skills for werewolves and vampires) and skill points to spend, and you continue to reap those rewards as you get higher in level.The game is pretty unique compared to other MMOs I've played. It's refreshing to see an MMO that doesn't have a cooldown for class abilities. It's also nice in that you're actively acomplishing tasks/earning achivements as you train your character, so you don't grind as much in the game, even at lower levels.Some styles of combat can get a little glitchy. Spamming the attack button while using the bow or some staves can cause enemies to stand still and stop acting (because you dropped their health to 0) but are still targetable to attack until they drop to the ground dead. It doesn't happen all the time but it happens often enough that I really wish Zenimax works on fixing that.Overall, it's a great MMO. It's best played when you're on a mic and partying with a friend (like all MMOs), but it's absolutely a fun game even on your own."
,Recommended,306130,15268128,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,L1nk3rz,Elder scrolls fans this game is not skyrim it is different but with elder scrolls items story and much else it is a really good game for a mmo (my opinion) if you wan't new adventure with new spells quests and story this is a great game if you wan't skyrim 2 wait for another game
76561198015643104,Recommended,306130,15286601,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Master of Puppets,"Started playing this game over two weeks ago after they dropped the sub fee, but I am paying the premium membership anyway to get the perks.  This game is amazing.  My character is now a VR2 and I am sinking my teeth into end game content.  There is just more and more to do, just overwhelming amount of content.  No need to grind if you enjoy the lore and story, but grinding is still viable and productive up to the veteran ranks.  The vet ranks are broken right now, but they will get rid of them eventually now that the champion system is in place.  It just sucks though because to be competetive in pvp, you need to get to your VR14 rank which is almost impossible with the nerfed xp for vet ranks right now.  Other than that, wonderful game mechanics, graphics are outstanding, and story is pretty good.  To be honest though, once May 19th gets here, I will be playing nothing but the Witcher 3, but this game has fullfilled my rpg itch in the meantime."
,Recommended,306130,15546113,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Wanderer,This game is really fun.  I might fail college because of this game 10/10 Would fail to run one more dungeon... :D
76561198030041085,Recommended,306130,15618543,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,DeadLightSummer,"fun game when it works, lots of bugs!"
76561198092394208,Recommended,306130,15045386,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,pizzanice1,"Loved Oblivion, Adored Skyrim, and now this. I haven't played for long but MAN is this fun. No complaints really, apart from the lag sometimes as an Australian player."
,Recommended,306130,14808178,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,[RCON] Rusty Staples,"Amazing game. One of the very few MMOs that can boast true skill based gameplay other than just ""mastering a rotation"". Ive played most MMOs out their and there is far more here than just crunching numbers like you get with most MMOs. I bought into the bad hype early on and didnt give the game a chance until recently. Dont make the same mistake, this game is worth every dime and I will continue my subscription even when the game goes buy to play."
76561198052154344,Recommended,306130,15065514,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Conny Krut,I am still very new to the game but so far its very good. Nice combat and storyline.
,Recommended,306130,15312115,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Yogibare,"Loved the game from the start, I mean it took way too long to get onto steam and why it was orignally a pay monthly game I dont know but I forgive you"
,Recommended,306130,23949007,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Maru,If you loved skyrim or oblivion... You will love this.
76561198149040323,Recommended,306130,23778510,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Myxzptk,get this game while it on sale boys!
,Recommended,306130,31124440,Posted: 13 April,all,[LiS] Recoil Rick,"Pretty fun if you have friends to play with, sadly a bit boring without"
76561198144402058,Recommended,306130,26782183,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Calvin,"The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel UnlimitedThis game is one of my favorite MMO's now if you're tired of playing WoW give this a try+Pros+ Beautiful music+ Loading screens look great+ Huge map+ Great graphics+ Nice atmosphere+ Day - Night Cycle+ Stealing+ Mounts, Pets-Cons:- Sometimes fps drops in cites- Not ideal for users with bandwith limit (game is 58gb)- No flying mounts (mounts are pretty basic)I'd say get this game it's on sale you'll enjoy itRating 9/10"
,Recommended,306130,20286478,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,S'ilthi,"""You have, perhaps, something better to do? Look, we are the Queen's Eyes. We do the tasks that must be done, even if it means getting hit on the head. Killing those who do not deserve it. Riding a guar naked through an Argonian temple.""-Razum Dar"
76561198041321612,Recommended,306130,15037009,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Deus Vult,Never played MMORPG. Really dislike subscription systems. This game = totally worth it.
,Recommended,306130,25538693,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,RangerX3X,"After about 500 hours in Skyrim and about 20 hours in ESOGE I can tell that ESO is a better game. They are both epic, however simply stumbling upon some real person about to get their rear end kicked and then helping out to turn the tide in their favor is surprisingly satisfying. There is so much to do in this game that it is beyond the price of admission. It is not Skyrim Online, and does not need to be. It shines on its own merits."
,Recommended,306130,28565593,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,JOSIAH IDIOT,collect jute
76561198197968341,Recommended,306130,22604718,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Zeira3688,"This MMO is challenging with great storyline, graphics, character design, and gameplay options."
76561198131315996,Recommended,306130,23311508,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Tom Bombadil,"Best MMORPG with true story and consequences out there...  You basically shape the world, and do some awesome stuff... Classes are balanced, if you want to PvP, story is great, if you want to do some questing, and community is the least toxic of any MMO game i've played... but do switch off global chat at starting location..."
76561198018310498,Recommended,306130,31234627,Posted: 19 April,all,「 | 」,Let write a quick review.Played the old skyrim.Went around pick pocketing.Got killed by the law.Got bored of it.Bought Elder Scrolls Online.Did pick pocketing as soon as I got out of tutorial.Got killed by the law.Does it again.WHERE CAN YOU FIND A GAME THAT ALLOWS YOU TO DO PICK POCKETING? 10/10
,Recommended,306130,31261585,Posted: 20 April,all,Athruno,"I really love this game, it has a special Elder Scrolls feel to it.Pros:Solid SoundtrackNice CombatMMO style graphicsGood CommunityAwesome art designExplorationNice Clean UICons:Permanent Internet connectionSlow LevellingPaid StuffMMO serviceI really like this game, it has really been inproved from last time.8/10"
76561197984283938,Recommended,306130,29516355,Posted: 26 January,all,draugr_nz,"Excellent game, has come a long way since launch. The one Tamriel update really rounded it out. Skyrym and a MMO in one = WIN"
76561198006783589,Recommended,306130,23604995,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Brolie,"What ever you might have heard about this game around its release, put it aside. When the game released it had many problems but the current state of the game is Exceptional. They have really made it into the great open world MMO it was meant to be. I would very much recommend this game for anyone looking for that sense of adventure or just need a break from the behemoth that is World Of Warcraft.Even if you have no past knowlage of the Elder scrolls seriers like Skyrim or Oblivion this game is still excellent as is standing alone. If you are familiar with the franchise then Bonus points.To sum it up coming from someone who couldnt really get into skyrim this game is a Must for giving it a shot. I would however wait until the price comes down on a sale. I picked this copy up for around 20 USD opposed to their current 60 dollar price tag.9/10"
,Recommended,306130,34798308,Posted: 7 September,all,Siddhartha_Dah_Punk,Honestly not a bad game if you enjoy questing everything else seems a little lacking though
,Recommended,306130,23407068,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,BHZZZ-,"1 year ago i had 30 fps and i played this for 130 hours, i got tired because you need DLC's to enter the best areas and dungeons, but as a lover, fan of elder scrolls, i will restart again, now with a Gaming PC, and i'm doing this because the Game was the best MMO i've played since 2015.This Game is a piece of art, but much expensive, still, even without dlc's, is worth playing.As a TES lover... i Give 9/10 in this Game."
,Recommended,306130,26791225,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☣CHRISTOTACKER☣,"Personally my favourite RPG game so far, (I will update this review once I fully complete this game and that will be in the next 2 years ;)"
,Recommended,306130,21428930,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Eye See You,I have a fair amount of hours on this game now and can only recommend it. I am still progressing through the story after 300+ h and it doesn't get stale to me. You also don't need to play everyday and can advance at your own pace.
,Recommended,306130,21694312,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,CleverGirl,"This is my first MMO, and I was hesitant to purchase it because I had seen many friends play popular MMO's before and did not like what I saw. I've been an avid elder scrolls fan since Morrowind for Xbox, and was excited to hear about this release. Some friends play the beta and didn't recommend it. But it went on sale for Christmas last year and I had enough funds in my steam wallet so I said why not?! So glad I did! It's not really what I expected from an MMO (which was mostly negative before) and it's not quite the same as most of the other elder scrolls games preceding it (although a fresh approach was definitely nice!) you know the layout I'm talking about: run around, help rando's find their lost kitty, help other rando's assassinate their cheating spouse, accomplish side quests for factions that may or may not be more fun than the main quest which you never know if it will end up being very underwhelming and/or tedious, but at least feeling like the money spent on the game had been worth it...TESO has definitely been all those things and , I feel, totally worth it. It has all those elements quintessentially elder scrolls with that odd [to me] MMO gameplay style that lends something fresh to the elder scrolls experience.Sometimes other players can be of noxious and even downright rude, but my experience has been that the overwhelming majority of them are helpful or just leave you alone to do your thing in Tamriel, and there are countless guilds to join up with, meet new friends who love the elder scrolls series as much as you do, or or for you to teach them how!I definitely recommend this amalgamation of MMO and elder scrolls to anyone looking to experience the series for the first time and for seasoned older scrolls fans alike. I won't pretend it's perfect, and there are plenty of things I wish it had that it doesn't, but at the end of the day this exists for entertainment and when I'm asked if I am not entertained, I must say I absolutely am, every time I log on!"
,Recommended,306130,24029526,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kira,"First time i played this game I thought i would love it i mean its an Elder Scrolls game and i loved all those i played but after a couple of hours in the game it just started feeling repetitive and just overall boring so i quit.Recently with all the hype about the DB coming out i decided i'd give it a second chance so i booted it up,deleted my old character and made a new one for a fresh start.I have so say i'm seriously enjoying this game so much it's all that i play anymore,the storyline is fantastic i never payed much attention to it cuz it annoyed me getting one quest after 5 levels . The dark brotherhood storyline is super good i like it way better than skyrim's ,dare i say actually oblivion.It's not just kill this and kill that you actually feel like what you do actually matters they immerse you in this assassin role so much you just can't let go of it.The optimization in this game is really good too,i mean there are some areas where my fps drop ,when there are a lot of particles ,other than that game runs fine.______________________________________________________________________________TL;DR~Didn't like the game b4,gave it a 2nd chance and loving it.Totally recommend."
,Recommended,306130,23155997,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Sab3r,Love this game alot! hope content gets better than it already is
76561198190960486,Recommended,306130,23354267,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Hitlery Clinton,Too addicting. Made me lose touch with my family and friends.10/10
76561198306938196,Recommended,306130,26729833,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,grubelement115,"rewinde to several years ago before eso relised i was ef'ing hyped i thaught all my dreams came true. skyrim whith friends it sounded like a wet dream, however when the game first reliced it was a mess,it was pay to win, finding friends on the game was almost impossable it had an expensive monthly subscription fee. i decided it was♥♥♥♥♥♥a fiw days ago i baught the game on sale for arround £6 and i was blown away at howmuch it had changed. ther's no longer a monthly subsription fee the cashhop has been replaced whith a largely cosmetic one and you can actualy play whith friends. playing this game now is like a dream come true. if you are an elderscrolls fan like myself or just a fan of online or offline rpg,s i whould not recomend skiping this gametheir are a fiw nitpicks that i aught to mention thoe the elderscrolls lore remanes largely in tackt but this game has a fiw things that just dont make scence on a lore prospective such as bosmere and aldmere forming an aliance.The game can look like♥♥♥♥♥♥at times but thats what you get when playing an mmo, it still looks heapes better than oblivian thoe.Archery in this game seems like a downgrade from skyrimhowver the combat system has largely inproved there is now darcksoles rolle machanic and a much better block/parry system.i would definately recomend everyone try this game out i also would rate it a ""Verrygood"" out of 10"
76561198137066244,Recommended,306130,18298425,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,casmith,"I am having a great time playing ESO on my iMac despite occasional crashes (@once every 90 minutes). I have played single player more than 500 hours and am looking forward to multiplayer at some point.  I enjoy the crafting, the combat and character progression. All the character dialogue is wonderfully voice acted. Using the auction house is a little clunky and I'm probably not using it to good effect. I have played WoW and then Guild Wars 2. But ESO is much better than earlier games. I am the kind of player that loves to take it slow and explore and poke around the terrific environment. I have three characters all about level 20 so I have a lot to look forward to.UPDATE: No crashes over the last six months. Having a great time playing single player."
,Recommended,306130,29922603,Posted: 14 February,all,PalpyBoi,"Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis The Wise? I thought not. It’s not a story the Jedi would tell you. It’s a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life… He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful… the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself."
,Recommended,306130,35002847,Posted: 16 September,all,Zekcryon,"I have over 2,000 hours played in this game. I'll admit, though, at most a third of that was actual gameplay. The rest was spent either goofing off with my friends, or observing the many obscure roleplaying communities that ESO has to offer.Near the start of the game, I would farm a simple dungeon. Wasn't too boring, and it gave me enough loot and gold. Once I hit level ten, I immediately jumped into PVP, which is my favourite part of the game. From the get-go, I was constantly leading anywhere from 20 to 100 real players into battle, just at level ten. The PVP is amazingly diverse. I've been stuck in hour long sieges, just running back and forth to repair walls. I've led two full groups (58 people) of Daggerfall Covenant players into battle at once, against 100+ Aldmeri Dominion troops and their Emperor, who was leading them all. The entire battle lasted for about 3 and a half hours, only ending at about two in the morning when most of my faction went to bed. But just the simple fact that you can be sieging an enemy outpost one minute, and the next you're in a 3 hour battle pushing back and forward between forts just shows how diverse the PVP of the Elder Scrolls Online is.I've spent less time in PVE, as I've constantly failed to get enough motivation to min-max and get a good build. But from what I've learned, once you get together with some friends, or a friendly and skilled group it's all smooth sailing.Now I'll touch on a completely different topic - Trials. Trials are 12-player dungeons that are insanely hard. Despite my lack of a good PVE build, these are one of my favourite things to do in this game. The bosses can have well over 10M health, and you'll definitely wipe a few times before you finish one. But that doesn't make them any less worth it, as this is the main source for amazing gear.Now, there's a new PVP mode called Battlegrounds that was added with the 'Morrowind' Expansion Pack. It's much more close quarters and killing-oriented than the PVP in Cyrodiil is, and I'm way worse at it. But nonetheless, a fun gamemode.There's also six expansions. One of the more recent ones is Morrowind, which is easily the largest. It adds the massive island of Vvardenfell to the game, with an epic quest in which you work together with one of the God-Kings of Morrowind, Lord Vivec.The first DLC is Imperial City, adding the capital of the not-yet-formed Third Empire to the game. It's also the capital of the other two, but forget about them. The third is the coolest. In this you have to fight through hundreds of Daedra and other Players to capture all six of the city's districts for your faction.The second was Orsinium, which added the Orcish Kingdom of Wrothgar to the game, in which you have to help King Kurog.The third was the Thieves Guild. You steal stuff, duh.Next they added the Dark Brotherhood DLC, which of course lets you join the ever-notorious group of assassins. I won't spoil anything.They soon added the fifth DLC, Shadows of The Hist. It simply adds two Argonian-Themed Dungeons to the game.After SoTH they added Morrowind, which I've already delved into.Most recently, they added Horns of the Reach. I haven't played it yet, so I can't really say much.ZOS also added two major content updates. First came One Tamriel, which allowed players from differing factions to meet in-game. In february they also added Homestead, which added multiple customizable playerhomes to the game.One portion of the game I've mentioned before but haven't really touched is the roleplaying community. Elder Scrolls Online has an amazing roleplaying community. There's hundreds of great guilds to choose from, and thousands of amazing roleplayers to interact with. I can't describe how much I love the roleplaying community in this game.I have about eighty seven days sunk into this game, with only more to come. I recommend that anybody who loves the lore of the Elder Scrolls Series and unique gameplay mechanics (This game is not Skyrim 2, nor Skyrim Online.) get this game. I highly doubt that you'll regret it."
76561198059807153,Recommended,306130,26284244,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,RafTheMexican,"When I first played this game, I was dissapointed. I was thinking skyrim with multiplayer and so I played it for a day and put it down for a year. Later I started searching for an mmo to play, and tried it again, with a different set of ideals in mind, and I have loved it ever since. I am only sorry for having ignored it for so long."
,Recommended,306130,21810048,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Exle,"Just got the game. Been addicted to it for a few days. This game implements so many more features then skyrim did. One big thing is that you can just walk away from a chest or body you searched and it exits out instead of having to press esc. Something so simple is so needed on making the gameplay smooth. Finding good armour, and weapons takes a while, same with leveling up. Because of this the game makes it more challenging and time to actually do everything. Skyrim was so easy and i feel ESO fixes that. 1000 Hours in i will probabaly not finished everything and in skyrim it would have been done before 500 hours. Im loving this game so far, and having to pay for DLC or Live isnt some cheap microtransaction either. Its worth it in the end and i will probabaly buy it at some point. Amazing Game10/10 so far"
,Recommended,306130,17358153,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Gervity,All the hate was befre the new update i really like it
76561198093347001,Recommended,306130,19718770,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,f0rmald,"Beautiful graphics and runs GREAT @ 3200x1800 on single GTX 960!  The game consumes a lot of time.  Stoners & marijuana supporters will enjoy this game.  Look forward to play this on Ultra HD 4K OLED,  this game is good for couch n' gaming too.  Anyone with 1440p@144hz,  it's gonna be wicked awesome too."
,Recommended,306130,17310504,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Spicy Jamaican Beef Patty,"I've played many MMORPGs and this is by far the most in-depth, immersive, and just fun to play MMORPG I've come across. The combat system is a nice balance between what you got in the other Elder Scrolls game and MMO combat. First Person in an MMORPG may not be the best thing ever, but I find it fun to travel around with it. Crown store where you can pay for stuff is only cosmetic and rare motifs that you can still find in-game. Crafting is really fun, a nice passive break from combat. Quests have incredible voice acting and storylines, minimal ""kill x of those, collect x of those"" kinds of missions. Overall a really good MMORPG, definitely my favourite out of the countless I've played."
76561198137220550,Recommended,306130,17634084,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Hummin,"not that good that i lose my social life and still good enough to earn its money. Nice and dynamic combat style, good voice acting, beautful graphics (for a mmo, ofc) big map, and 1st and 3rd person view options (which i find awsome)On the bad side, graphics is a little grey, sometimes the client got some erorrs and refuse to start and repairing takes a long time, because the game is big.overall a good, solid mmo from bethesda, with more than average questing storyline and i hope some epic PVP experience.PS: and yes, it is not skyrim online!!!"
76561198098439828,Recommended,306130,17408106,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,mauricio.neptune,"i would say this isn even close to perfect but, it is deep MMO with allot of roots in itplus the only missing thing is vampire lordsand that it has easy to handle chats and skill paths and to be honest it is A ill rate graphics lore and gameplay(gameplay out of how easy and simple to understandgraphics: (dont compare it to skyrim thats just beig ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥)the graphic is elegant it gives that vibe of the terrien very well (but i know know no one is gonna agree with me)It is a 8/10 graphicLore well ESO is one of those MMO that makes you give a damn about what your doing mainly bc of rewards and  deadric princes and the questline and the have decent voice actor thou decent SO......Lore is a 7/10now gameplay it is diverse(enough to get yourself killed ) but fun when yu play with others to create nice combos and u have allot of skills and passive to choose from and it is simple ebugh to know what skills are a must for your style and wich isnt(but everything has it flaws so figure it out) and its at its best when played with freinds.Gameplay Single:6/10  with freinds: 8/10total score 7/10"
76561198112854394,Recommended,306130,17543804,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Frau Strauss,"I freaking love the game and go fangirling on chats every chance I get! Hell, I am fangirling now! And to those who might wonder, everything works fine on Windows 10. I usually tend to stay away from games that do not have controller support just because I prefer to sit back and relax while playing, but then this got into my library and pretty much got hooked by the first hour. 40 or so hours into the game I invested in a good Keyboard and mouse, not one iota of regret so far.I also get to explore Tamriel and be a badass murderer/slayer-of-thousands dressed in pink and baby-blue armour."
,Recommended,306130,17743703,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,SNERPED,The one thing nobody mentions is:This is just about the only fantasy MMORPG that you can play in first person where your mouse actually moves your head.  This helps immensely with immersion for people like me who either don't like third person or don't like using a cursor to order around their charachter and click on virtual buttons.This is an absolutely amazing game considering the new updates its been given!
,Recommended,306130,20073745,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BrightWhale,good game but it the file size is 50GB for macpro rentina user not recomended
76561198088915524,Recommended,306130,17312010,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Super_Die,"Great MMOLike the size of World of Warcraft? Like the simplicity of Skyrim? Then this game's for you. It's better balanced than WoW in lots of ways. No class is ""OP"" because each class is just one part of how you play. The combat is fast paced and simple, so you're not going to spend the whole time loooking at your keyboard and mastering your DPS Rotation. Your eyes are focused on the beautfiul world that bethesda and zenimax have reimagined. The community is also wonderful, no one takes the game too seriously like they do on WoW, everyone is pretty friendly for the most part.9.5/10: Would, and probably will, trade in my WoW subscription for the subscription option here for extra goodies."
,Recommended,306130,17429718,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Ashley Cooper,not better than skyrim in most parts but still a great es mmo for not being desinged by bethesda but it truly became amzing when mama bethesda walked in and fixed this♥♥♥♥♥♥hole so it became tamriel unlimited which is a great es mmo  all praise lord gaben and goddes bethesda
76561198069551738,Recommended,306130,17699221,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Noremo,Perfect i like it very much
,Recommended,306130,20166713,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mister Kabab,best game ever !!
,Recommended,306130,19817471,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Mako-chan,Great game and wonderful multiplayer!
,Recommended,306130,20164239,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sasquatch,"Really enjoyed it. It's not like Skyrim, as it does have rechargeable abilities and attacks, but the atmosphere is great and the large wold means a lot of exploration. Just glad there's no longer a monthly subscription fee."
76561198198171489,Recommended,306130,20686736,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Nyarlathotep the Crawling Chaos,"Much better than the original release, if you tried this game when it first came out, and didn't like it, try it out again. There is no subscription anymore so it wont hurt if you already bought it."
76561198070477747,Recommended,306130,15850629,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Simplechoices,"I don't play MMO's.  But I do know if I was going to play one, it would have to be a elder scrolls.  At first it seems boring, but once you hit Lv 15, there is an amazing amount of things to do and see.  And then there is PvP.  WOW."
,Recommended,306130,17778597,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Juddi,Nice Game 10/10
76561198169816333,Recommended,306130,19855107,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,The Law,FREAKING AWESOME AND I SUCK AT THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198089702659,Recommended,306130,22635624,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Prysus,love this game !!Nice to play with Friends
,Recommended,306130,23733634,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Esma Dreigerz,"so i have play this game for hundred of hours and let me tell you some of my reviewGameplaythe most interesting about ESO is that it plays different from your usual MMO, the quest and gameplay is what makes this game far better than any other MMO, first of all the battle is action battle, where you need to repositioning yourself, evade enemies attack, dodge, shielding all active you need to be quick on your wits which makes the gameplay even cooler. second the quest... oh god i love the quest, the voice acting everything you can get from an elder scrolls game is presented here the quest itself is far more fun and depths if compared with your usual MMO which makes it one of the best MMO with its questing systemGraphicsfor graphics, it has outstanding feature, the graphic character have a combination between cartoony and real which is a unique features. additioanlly all of the effect are top notch. however what makes this game different is because the world graphic are beautiful (remember it is an MMO) for standard MMO the graphic are beautiful, you will feel like in real tamriel continent with all of the vegetation, people, creature and so onSoundWell, the sound are one of the main point of this game, the sound is beautiful soundtrack given are perfect for each world and theme we are in the game. it gives us an epic feeling which is a great plus for an MMOConclusionIt is a beautiful and well made game, i am really confused on why some people saying this game is bad because as an elder scrolls player from morrowind, oblivion and skyrim (not yet try dagerfall, arena, battlespire and redguard) i feel the game is perfect it has its own personality like any other elder scrolls game which play different from each other. so my conclusion is buy this game!! buy it and feel the adventure you on tamriel continent :)"
76561198121876323,Recommended,306130,15363226,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,bloodbornangel,"So. As of this moment I have 20+ hours on TESO: Tamriel Unlimited...... And I have not played a single second of the game.The game Installs, and brings me to the loading screen which would ultimately bring me to the launcher where the game will update and patch.But it never stops loading.For 20 hours I have watched a launchers loading screen.Only once did it make it to the patching screen, and once it was finished patching the screen stayed stuck at 0.00 mb remaining. 100% comeplete. So I had to exit out of the launcher and try again. Which hasn't worked yet. I've looked around to find solutions to this and only one person has had the same problem and they were not given an answer so as of right now this game is unplayable for me. A waste of $60.Why do I recommend it then? Because the game is actually quite good from me watching my friends play, and seeing how it all works in game. Sure Zenimax doesn't really know how an MMO should work but they got a great creation here. If you can get this game to work, then you're probably gonna have lots of fun with it."
76561198083176461,Recommended,306130,19538191,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,CaperBii,Pretty tight game. Playing with the PS4 controller made is 10 times better. I feel like I'm the man at it too.
,Recommended,306130,19095656,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,tasty boy,"This is a really good game. It's different than playing any other elder scrolls game. It's more like a elder scrolls themed world of warcraft. It's still very fun to play, even better with friends"
,Recommended,306130,19138121,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,KaBooMDynaSty,If you love The Elder Scrolls series this game is for you.
,Recommended,306130,34528943,Posted: 27 August,all,kevilar,This mmo is truely free to play. There are plenty of ways to spend your cash but they will not make you any better at the game. With content being added all the time and one of the best PvP systems i have seen in a mmo its worth your time and money.
,Recommended,306130,26198970,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,IguanaMan :),"To anybody looking to get into multiplayer Skyrim: Stop. This is not Skyrim, this is first and foremost an MMORPG.Now that we got that out of the way, stay a while and listen to why you will still love the game... It is an Elder Scrolls MMO! The world is massive and immersive, the combat is full of options, and crafting/looting is better than ever with a real economy. It is not Skyrim, but is definitely what you are looking for if you came by looking for more."
,Recommended,306130,24198765,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Zer0WarPlan3T,Best MMORPG ever :D i left WOW for ESO :Dstill the same lose of time as any game :D but it's freakin cool!
76561198128388504,Recommended,306130,20276077,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hazard-X,"I'm not a huge mmorpg player but I really enjoy this game. And I rarely leave reviews.Easy to get in to, smooth to play, plenty to do, scale is great (you don't feel like you are running a marathon between every building or object)Micro transactions are reasonable...they add to the game but are not essential.Gold is not too difficult to earn.Crafting has detail but is not too complicated.Not all missions are the same, some you gather, most you kill, some you have to wear a disguise and sneak in whilst stealing stuff.There are 3 groups to choose from and the areas are different so it's kinda almost like getting 3 games.Plenty of character slots.Don't have to subscribe.Says ""partial Controller Support"" but once you have logged into your character it is full (as far as I know).My laptop doesn't have an amazing spec but it runs just fine.Tip...If this game isn't on sale do NOT buy the Imperial edition- get the standard then buy the upgrade in the game store with crowns (the diff is £20, the upgrade costs 2100c, 3000c is £15) so you save yourself £5 and end up with just over £5 worth of crowns to spend."
76561198133282262,Recommended,306130,17697877,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Drew_MR,"Overall great game to play, but it is a type of pay to win game. A lot of the game's content has been made so you can only play it as an ESO plus member, or you have to pay for it with crowns, which also cost money. I still enjoy playing the game despite the overpricing."
76561198065658331,Recommended,306130,17788428,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,lRoguePyrol,If you like MMOS with gigantic landscapes to explore or just skyrim in general this game is for you.
,Recommended,306130,17938395,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Inpherus,It's like Skyrim without Skyrim11/10 IGN
76561198098210577,Recommended,306130,20099259,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Anonymoose,It's not bad anymore
76561198175251923,Recommended,306130,20308246,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,General Dots,Bought game 1 week and 1 day ago8 days = almost 200 hoursTime spent playing 108 hoursHave two characters: one lvl 3 other 18 lvlRead +100 lorebooks and bookshelves11/10 would fail exams again
,Recommended,306130,21116726,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Backstabath,"I am a Khajiit, a bipedal cat, riding a panther, a big cat.Also, i have a pet house cat who follows me around and watches me kill things.Cats/10"
76561198325324271,Recommended,306130,29168961,Posted: 10 January,all,jessicaksch,"Been playing wow for 7 years, and this game takes the cake!You can play how you want with no pressure to be ""top dps"" or restricted to certain weapons."
76561198087389641,Recommended,306130,18856707,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,davion,ESO is a good game but it is boring to level up since it takes a lot of time to get to max lvl. This game is without a doubt more fun with friends that you can level up with. The community is really friendly and helpful but other players will rather stay alone than try to make friends with you since their friends are already playing the game and won't need more friends. In short this game is like other MMORPG games and takes a lot of your time and will take time to know what you really should be doing and how. Luckily there are youtube videos and other sources to give you information as long as you are willing to search for it.
76561198047879086,Recommended,306130,19274403,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ルイス,My favorite thing about this game is the PvP.I haven't played much PvE but from what i have played it is amazing.If anyone wants a 130 member pvp guild pm me :)
,Recommended,306130,20043211,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dijkstra,"While I still need to invest a ton more time to really understand the game, I already have found quite a number of things I truly enjoy about this game:- One time purchase. Buy the game once, no subscriptions ever. DLC expansions are extra content you can buy into if you want.- Voice acting, voice acting everywhere. I don't know exactly how badly the game suffers from the classic Elder Scrolls dilemma of 5 people voicing every NPC ever,  but I've already heard a good variety in just short travels around 2 of the 3 starting areas. EVERY NPC that you can talk with, if even only a sentence, is fully voiced.- Simple controls, small hotbars, big skill complexity. It reminds me a bit of Path of Exile: a small, clean UI with most management behind contextual button presses/combat activation, and a really small hotbar. I've always disliked knowing that most MMO's have endgames where the majority of the screen is just status bars and hotbars with skills. With ESO, you have plenty of complexity in terms of skill diversity per class/race, but a ton of that is under the hood. I'd rather swap through two or three hotbar trays than have just two giant ones eating up half of my screen or more.- Addons. This MMO allows for the use of community-made addons directly through the game. This is just awesome - I'll confess I'm not entirely certain how games like WoW might handle it, but to provide a studio-shipped, in-game interface for loading and managing community-made utilities and HUDs...very impressive.- It's not Skyrim at all, but it still has some of the great visuals you've come to expect. Plus, Elder Scrolls lore is everywhere, from your basic storyline and regional quests, to books and notes you can find all through the locales you visit.Thus far, there's two things that detract from the experience I'm aware of:- I've both read and heard that grouping up with friends only works when you both have characters in the same alliance. My understanding is that supposedly the Imperial City and/or DLC zones allow for cross-alliance co-op (besides obviously cross-alliance PVP), but I'm a long ways off from that myself. I could be wrong, so do investigate further if you're thinking of buying.- It's a tad jarring when you're working on specific storyline or side quests, because the obvious line of players turing in or picking up quests clues you into the fact it is indeed an MMO. Why do you have a right to complain about ""immersion"" in a MMO you ask? Trailers and guild/alliance NPCs make it clear that you're one of thousands of adventurers seeking fame, wealth and glory in Tamriel. Main quests make it sound like your this one special chosen being out of these thousands of players. But then your one member of a throng of players chatting with the same storyline-specific NPC at the same time. Essentially, only story-related NPCs didn't get the memo that you're not the solitary, world-saving hero this time around.From my little time with it, it's absolutely fantastic. So long as you know that an MMO does mean a certain degree of grinding and repetitive ""fetch x of y"" type quests early on, totally buy this. Everything that I like about this game thus far really makes it feel like I'm not even grinding the typical MMO-style quests, and when you are, you usually manage to pick up three more new quests while you out slaying another three-dozen wolves.It really does feel like an Elder Scrolls MMO. If you've played previous TES titles, you know what to expect. So long as you're able to play without have the game focus on you as the next incarnation of the savior of Tamriel, you'll enjoy this game a bunch. I'd reccommend the Imperial Edition, especially during sales, as you get a free mount and a mudcrab pet out of it also (the mount saves you ~10k in-game gold)."
,Recommended,306130,19800884,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,NativeME,"It's a MMORPG but with a touch of skyrim, it's a bit grindy for new players cause you don't know much and took me 20 hours to get done with all quests of the first map, its a bit of a running simulator at times, and think horses should be available at lower level at the game, cause walking really is annoying at times, but in my opinion it's the best MMO out there because in the end, it's still Elder scrolls :)"
,Recommended,306130,15444913,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,MohanJames,Most amazing game I have ever played so worth the cost!
,Recommended,306130,26107866,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Texas Toast,"I mean, I don't think it's bad. Of course, I've played over 120 hours in it and my character is only like level 30ish..."
76561198011204294,Recommended,306130,25972981,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,OdinPK,"I played ESO in beta back at the end of 2013 for a few hours and didn't come back... until now.They really changed this game around for the better. Took long enough, but now that I have the gold edition and all these new updates, I'm having a BLAST! Get your friends on here because they'll enjoy playing it together!People like to say it doesnt play like skyrim, combat wise. Well, skyrims combat system wasnt particularly the best thing about skyrim. People mostly enjoy it for the feel and the story and the emmersion, RP, ect. I'd like you to understand that ALL of those things from skyrim are apart of ESO. You feel like you're playing IN an elderscrolls game. You're talking to characters just like in skyrim, finding random side quests, solving problems in the open world land. The combat is really cool either way and the visuals are great enough to cater to the emmersiveness of this HUGE game. There is plenty to do so go out there and explore! Oh and btw the latest one tamriel update puts the icing on the cake."
76561198126734858,Recommended,306130,15469872,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,collinyallz,"Finally, its a good game. Its graphics are pretty good, epic battles, still great story, and alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥to do and alot of map to explore. yeehaw. this is a great game."
76561197968664932,Recommended,306130,26117282,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,kosh,I have played MMOs since Everquest 1 and Asheron's Call. I have played most of the major MMO over the years.This is by far my favorite MMO so far. All the quests I have encountered are fully voiced. None of them are go X and kill Y creatures or kill Y creatures until you get Z drops etc. There are still fetch quests but they are much better done with dialogue and story to make it more interesting. You will get a story about how someones tools where stolen when bandits attacked and the location of the bandit cave with the person saying they are a simple farmer and can't fight the bandits but could use your help to get the tools back.With the recent changes you can group with anyone of any level and the enemies and quests are always auto scaled so that it works. The vast majority of the quests are ones I find while wandering around in the wilderness.Overall the game feels a lot more like an RPG that has other players but the story really seems to be the primary focus. There is still grouping but it is not really forced and many activities you can do with other players without forming a group. Almost all of my time has been spent wandering around the world and seeing what I find. I don't have any comments on the PvP part since I have not done that.
76561198130754076,Recommended,306130,31827675,Posted: 18 May,all,Limeni,"Well after 10 years of playing all sorts of MMO's mostly asian ones,after 600+ h in ESO i think i can say this is the best MMORPG ,with actual RPG in it,so far...personally i think Black Desert and ESO are 2 best MMOs today...because they actaully have a decent end game and good RPG elements in it...and ESO is like a better version of Morrowind which in it self is bad♥♥♥♥♥..so...yea if you have any doubts abouth this ..dont have..buy it...worth every cent..avoid asian crap play this"
76561198168790278,Recommended,306130,15447913,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,cappstony,"Elder scrolls unlimited is like if you take the best parts of Oblivion and Skyrim and mashed them together. Is it peerfect, no. Does it have bug prblems, sure, what new game doesnt. But where this game shines for me is... you take a game series like the Elder Scrolls and put it online as an MMO and it looses none of it's heart. When I heard they were making it an MMO I was afraid it was the end of a great era, but now with the talk of doing the same to the Fallout searies, I have to say.. I'm excited to see what Bethezda and Zenimax have next."
76561198076685317,Recommended,306130,15458425,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Zephalia,"Loving this game!  Story is fantastic.  Graphics are beautiful.  Customization allows for a lot of personalization.  Plenty of content from questing, world events, group dungeons, etc!  The crafting is one of my favorite aspects of this game.  Really looking forward to playing this game well into the future."
76561198119562987,Recommended,306130,15431808,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Seabear,"Everything started when i decided to skip the tutorial. I arrived at Auridon and decided to go straight into dungeons... (Wasn't a good idea.) I decided to do this because I read on the reviews that level 1 wizards are OP and that you automatically beat the game. So as the usual me being a retard, I decided to strip naked and go to the local orgy at the beach. When i arrived, there were a bunch of naked when doing situps together. They told me it wasn't an orgy... But the fight club. I decided to join the fight club but i didn't know how to do situps so i realized this wasn't for me. Then I got into a drinking game with an argonian and they obviously kicked my♥♥♥♥♥cause all they drink is skuma. I ended up naked on the side of the road dancing for money...10/10 -IGN"
76561198029932188,Recommended,306130,15434715,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Tonnikala,"I won't get much into technical details, because i can't consider myself an experienced MMO player. I've tried playing several MMO's in my life, though i couldn't really internalize these games. Speaking in terms of abstraction, i couldn't help but see floating green letters and numbers of Matrix in them. The universes seemed contructed, artificial. I know they are contructed; maybe even our real universe is :) But ours succeeds to make us overlook this fact. That is what ESO succeeded for me too when i logged into its universe. This game is an MMO which doesn't feel like one. When i was roaming in Skyrim (i mean as game), i was feeling i am really there. The ambience was so tense that i didn't want to come back at times to our own universe. ESO is pretty much the same for me.As for the technical details, first of all you don't need to click and hold on the right mouse button to look around. I don't know why but this is an important detail for me :) All the crafting opportunities offered by Skyrim have been multiplied and multiplied in this game and i have never seen a skill customization that gives you so much variety options. Probably no two players have the same skill tree.But yet again, what really struck me is the ambience of this game. The first moment i bought a mount, i started to ride it. That moment i saw a thunder sruck in the horizon and it started to rain thereafter. That was one of the moments in my life that i didn't want to log off back into the universe i am actually living. But it was almost dawn here and i had to :)If what matters to me matters to you as well, i would of course recommend this game to you. At least it made me write my first review on Steam :) Have fun guys ;)"
76561198067457346,Recommended,306130,15449798,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Hofenshtein,"I'm glad that this game is positive reviews now that it has gone to F2P.  I played the beta and was so unimpressed, but they have made a lot of improvments.  I finally feel like I'm playing an elder scrolls game.  The environments look excellent. especially the layout og the cities and their focal points.  Buildings look amazing.  Quest lines are really fun and not the typical farming quests from traditional MMOs.  If you love both Edler Scrolls lore and MMOs, just go ahead and shell out the money for this game and prepare to not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,306130,15451888,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Sam O'Hickey,"As I am writing this I have somewhere around 586 hours of gameplay for this title through Steam.  I would like to point out that all of this gameplay time has been spent on one character; ONE!My wife, she has 765 hours of gameplay right now, also on ONE character of hers.  We don't even play alts - nope, we play our main characters, every time we get on here; we've sunken all of this gameplay time into a total of two characters: her main and my main... and we STILL have not done everything there is to do.The DLC's that they have released for ESO are huge, with new crafting motifs, recipies, etc. to learn, as well as different forms of PvP, PLENTY of dugneons, pets, you name it.The fact that you don't have to pay per month is extraordinary!  The in-game cash store is NOT P2W in the slightest!  In fact, you can earn a majority of the things that are featured in the cash store by simply playing the game; the things which you cannot earn from playing the game are aesthetic only: pretty much costumes and special pets.I will admit, on initial release ESO was a let down.  As a title to follow Skyrim, this game had a lot to live up to, especially for something which is online.You have to understand, from a programming and game design perspective, Online and Offline (singleplayer) games are made differently.  Single Player games often have more features than online ones do, mostly because of the constant battle with Polygons which artists must face, and the other constant battle of Server-Client issues which programmers contest through development.In order to make an online game EXACTLY like Skyrim, it wouldn't be impossibe, but it would be heavily demanding on the users computers, etc.I go off track though...This is no longer anything, in my opinion, like it was on its initial release.  This is as close to Skyrim as an MMO could possibly get with balanced gameplay for all, in my opinion, and I love it.  Slowly, one piece at a time, they will have the entirity of Tamriel completed and you'll be able to walk the island of Morrowind, and so on...If you are an original player from the initial release, come back and give it a try now that SO much has changed.If you like your Elder Scrolls titles and you have been hesitant to try this because of what you may have heard, IGNORE THE ILL REVIEWS and give it a try for yourself.What do you have to lose?  There's no monthly subscription.  If you don't like it, add it to the pile of your other steam games which you've purchased and played only once.I promise you though - You'll become addicted."
76561198085469171,Recommended,306130,28620183,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,sljmshadj01,i wish i can mod this
,Recommended,306130,32136247,Posted: 2 June,all,Dr Akpo Akpo the Nigerian Prince,There are Russians
76561198033933459,Recommended,306130,15337364,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,thegiggler,gdPros:- :DCons:- :DD
76561198084350938,Recommended,306130,25731654,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Oatmealed koala,its good but is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to set up
76561198091088108,Recommended,306130,25936588,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SIRSAM,"There are five points i wish to refer to you; the cautious buyer.1: like every new elder scrolls game, the setting is entirely different than the previous games, set in a slightly time, and like always, the stakes are higher.2: the mechanics are like nothing youve ever seen, a new way to create your perfect hero, hunter, thief, battle mage, or just pure crafter.3: no monthly fee to play; buy the game and play it4: this isnt skyrim, its so much more5: no matter how many reviews you read about this particular game, you will never experiance it unless you play it. each and every player has the flexability to make ANY charactor class. the ultimate in personal skill progression.98/100"
76561198021898362,Recommended,306130,29816559,Posted: 9 February,all,Saint,"The launch of the game was problematic, I left the game hoping it would get better. I picked it up again and things are working very well.The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited is a splendid m m o set in the fantasy middle ages, you can do virtually anything within the Elder Scrolls; be a thief and fiind your best spots to steal some treasure, be a mage with arcane spells, hold the line as a fierce tank or be a healer to aid your team & more!. You can even  make a character that fits your style as you are free to wear/use anything you want in pvp and pve.Character customization is great and there are plenty of cosmetic items.With the recent addition of the housing system there is even more to do.There are microtransactions but nothing that gives an unfair advantage  on other players as most things can be farmed or sold on the auction house.A great game to play as a lone adventurer or just with some random strangers or friends."
76561198074240255,Recommended,306130,15856928,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Dankr,"It has become much better since it's release, great experience and atmosphere of Elder Scrolls universe."
76561198033481795,Recommended,306130,17396634,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Dahgreyman,"I played the beta, it was okay then. Saw online that the game improved alot and they weren't kidding. I recommend this to anyone who is bored and just wants a polished mmo to kill time, if you don't like Elder Scrolls Games you won't like this game. Kinda Obvious."
,Recommended,306130,18455138,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,DavffyDuckDuck,"Check out the full review of ESO atCRUNCHEDD.Still playing this game (its supposedly massive!) I have played GW 2 and don't intend to bash either of them. But the story here seems to better, and so are the quests. I mainly play two MMORPGs GW 2 and ESO, and as of now I'm like ESO better.There is an exception though:GW 2 had the feeling of exploration to it, you could always dive underwater to see what was hidden there. It was truly open-world.ESO on the other hand doesn't allow you to do that.However, the questing seems to be more fun here, and I really never like the levelling down system of GW 2.This game should keep you busy for sometime.(Hint: Don't forget to get addons for this game. The after about level 10 the story of the game really gets gripping, and the addons make this game a lot more fun!)"
76561197987633653,Recommended,306130,24036135,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Rocker398,"Elder Scrolls Online really surprised me. I have looked into getting this game various times and never jumped at it. It came on sale for $20 and I finally convinced myself to get it. I have no regrets! It is such a fun game even though I am not usually one for MMO's. While a lot of the content (new areas, armors, pets, etc.) seems to only be obtainable through microtransactions (not really micro) I still feel like there is a lot to do. This game exceeds expectations and I would recommend it to anybody looking for a good adventure with friends!"
,Recommended,306130,17895763,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,eXosic,"Yes, for a ELDER SCROLL fanboy and also it works differently from the typical mmo's"
76561198170459531,Recommended,306130,35270250,Posted: 28 September,all,AetherTitan SuperiorServers.co,I find this game entertaining as a game and do not believe it should be compared to other elder scrolls games
,Recommended,306130,19498587,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Jean Bean,"A solid and fun MMO. If you want Skyrim, play Skyrim. Do not expect a traditional Elder Scrolls experience."
,Recommended,306130,26151326,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,MistuhMurdock,"I've scowered the internet for MMORPG's to engulf my time like SWTOR and WoW used to do for me three-to-five years ago.WoW. SWTOR. Tera. Skyforge. MOBA's. Riders of Icarus. Guild Wars 2. Final Fantasy. RIFT. ArcheAge. Blade and Soul. Even LOTR:O... Trust me, nothing comes close to the enjoyment you'll get out of this game.Let me tell you... don't waste your time on any other MMO. You'll find way too many money-soaking, anime/Korean, poor-graphics, pay-to-win or pay-to-anything MMO's. This is the most satisfying, rewarding, elegantly time-consuming game I've ever played. With the new update that scales leveling for every single person in the game, cutting all restrictions to content, zones, grouping adventures to zero, it's now the go-to game of all time.My personal fixation on ""pros and cons:""Pros:-- There's no story-line rush, no order you need to do things. Since it's scaled, you can start as a level 10 in the beginning region, or dive straight into the most recent DLC that was available to high, end-level characters... at any time you'd like.-- Region satisfaction. It sticks you in a small continent. Each piece of the map gives you a different questline. One area may be a castle raid, where the other may be saving a family from killing ghosts. Eeach questline is different. All of the region icons start as black dots, and it's your job to go to each icon and make those white to mark completion. Once you've completed a region, man, does it feel good.-- Combat. It's agile, and you have to be on your toes. Movement combined with block/heavy attack/dodge/interupt mixtures leaves any MMO for a diverse combat style. No, you won't be standing like a stick figure slamming a route of keys. Every enemy responds differently.-- Graphics. I mean, come on. I've got this running on Ultra on a laptop/GTX 765M with 8 GB of Ram. When it comes to optimization, they've done an amazing job. Landscape, god rays, creature development, customization, dungeon areas, each region and zone being different (no repeating overlaying skins). Beautiful, in my opinion.-- The soundtrack! With most MMO's, I'm blasting my personal music in the background. With this? I heard some of the music overlapping my own, and actually decided to turn mine off to listen to it. At first, it was like a soothing Lord of the Rings toon to go with my brusque character's style... and later on, I may or may not have accidentally left the game on the menu screen just to listen to the music as I went to bed. Slept like a baby.Cons:-- What cons?"
76561197995116227,Recommended,306130,35092450,Posted: 20 September,all,Swop,Best MMO I've played
,Recommended,306130,26120783,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Dwanye,"I'm glad the reviews for this game have gone up because I think it deserves the rating it has. ESO is a fun game to just mess around in honestly, the questline has a decent story and keeps you engaged throughout a lot of it. Side quests could use work, but all in all a gg. 10/10"
76561198017427510,Recommended,306130,26725533,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,D1g1talV3n0m,"Great game, tons of great content and enjoyable combat. One of my favorite skill systems I've ever experienced. Very unique and deep crafting system. The way the game scales to your level is fantastic for playing with friends. I can play as much as I want on my own, and don't have to worry about leaving behind friends with less time."
,Recommended,306130,18120969,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Jeff The Canadian,"This game is fantastic. Here's a breakdown:The game has beautiful graphics, you attack with LMB, spamming your specials doesn't always win, and you get to explore the whole of Tamriel, including Skyrim, Morrowind, and every other location (even the areas never seen in games). The quests are interesting and the story, while nothing to write home about, is pretty good.However, there is one issue... The game takes about 6 hours to download, so only get this if you're willing to watch some youtube videos and play other games for a while to pass the time. Other than that, this game is perfect."
76561198057746614,Recommended,306130,17244973,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,HHHH.positivity :),"This game is great, and I would really reccomend getting it. The gameplay is very smooth and the quest system is very well polished. The graphics are phenominal, however, I have one complaint about the game: The texturing appears to be very lazy. Even with all settign maxed, the grass and all other shrubs other than the large ones, such as ferns and bushes, are 2 dimensional. From a distance, it's barely noticable, however, once you approach the grass, it becomes very obvious that the grass is 2d, to the effect that it even rotates as you turn, in a way very similar to that of ""Realm Of The Mad God""(if any of you know that feel.) On a happier note, the water reflections are absolutly amazing, if you are able to run them( you'll need a fairly high-end graphics card to even run this game)TL;DR: The game looks great, and the questing system is good, but the texturing is somewhat lazy( the grass is 2d, and rotates with the camera)9/10 would recommend"
76561198177727191,Recommended,306130,17249316,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,lhowie2,Great game better than WOW
76561198030589683,Recommended,306130,17277147,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Boda,Awesome balance between an mmorpg and an action game. Customization is insane. Tons of lore. If your a fan of TES you'll love this.
,Recommended,306130,17579676,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,DemonicBlaze,"Its ESO! My only complaint is that you cant use a xb1 controller for this game, even though its made for xb1 as well. Come on bethesda, stop being such a horker."
,Recommended,306130,17988708,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Xer0Point,I was skeptical about Elder Scrolls online. But they made it work amazingly!
76561198024953866,Recommended,306130,17274855,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Dendros,"Greatly entertaining with very little intro needed.Fewer classes than most MMOs, and much simpler design, but infinitely more fun than any other MMO I've ever played.(Biased opinion, as a fan of the franchise)"
76561197984950230,Recommended,306130,15502885,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Takusic,"I ate a red frog and started tripping balls in a cave seing visions of forest spirits...Seriously though this is a well crafted beautiful game, and as long as you're not buying it expecting skyrim online you will love it! I had a falling out with this genre and ESO has brought me back. You can lose yourself very easily in this game and watch the time fly by!"
76561198045566501,Recommended,306130,17275238,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Buster Call,"if you know guild wars 2, then trust me this game in any way in terms of mechanics and such is no different :D, community is awesome, graphics are if anything becoming, and above all the gameplay and storyline is amazing :Deversince this game came into my life i havent touched any other online games anymore, its too epic as it is, and good news is that buy once play forever :Dif you are worried about the ingame item shop, no worries, there is no such thing as giving you an edge in terms of combat, just the usual exp scrolls and some cosmetic stuff, that and scrolls to upgrade your horses instantly by 10/60 and so on instead of waiting 60 days to do so, if anything 2 weeks into the game and ended up with a werewolf and vampire toonyes they are skill tree lines for those, and yes its similar to skyrim, get bitten and either howl or suck blood XDso yeah get the game and enjoy :D"
76561198098441988,Recommended,306130,18154031,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,TennesseeTuxedo,"So far the game is fun and engaging!  Do not expect Skyrim, expect something like Oblivion just a little better but with lots of other people there.Voice acting is as good as Skyrim, writing is not unfortunately but there is far more quantity of it to make up the difference.Combat is not significantly different, some things are better like the general feel where it does not feel like hitting air.  There are some worse characteristics like you can't swap weapons without going into your inventory, which all happens in real time, meaning you are getting your butt kicked while your digging around your menu!The one thing that is an absolute misery is dealing with STEAM and Elder Scrolls Online at the same time.  Get used to have to login multiple times with multuiple IDs to do anything.  Buying something from the Crown store is an ungodly number of steps between logging into Steam twice, ESO once, adding to a wallet which does not actually purchase the item and then having to go back to ESO to actually do the purchase.  I very much regret buying this through STEAM because of this and hihgly recommend buying directly from ESO for more convenient experience if you plan on buying from the crown store."
76561198001403978,Recommended,306130,15498516,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ROMAN,"Nearly 300 hours put into this in the last 3 weeks...This game is everything I ever wanted from an mmo. If you love PVP this  game will truly become a favourite of yours...There are still some minor bugs with UI and other random stuff, but the devs are good at eliminating those quickly.8/10 total, 10/10 for PvP only"
,Recommended,306130,17189478,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Hank Hill,very great game highly recomended to anybody. the only thing is that you cant be afraid to ask questions while playing because the game is very confusing at first.
76561198097969801,Recommended,306130,21191188,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,jabbacoola,If the game don't work just use the game support  they helped me and now the game works great! thx game support.
,Recommended,306130,31188051,Posted: 16 April,all,Crime & Punishment,The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited - The Best MMORPG :D
,Recommended,306130,32283968,Posted: 8 June,all,ParryForte,"New expansion is great, lots of content and sucked out 70+ hours of my life just doing solo content.In the ESO vs. Skyrim debate, I think ESO is ""more story"" and Skyrim is ""more sandbox."" You can tell this game is Skyrim 2.0, but it's so much more, and I enjoy the story/quests a lot more.About my only critism for it is how the combat doesn't always have weight to it. It works, you can set things on fire or whatever you want to do, but it's no Guild Wars 2 or BDO.Probably the first game I've sat down to just enjoy fishing because it is so relaxing and looks so good. Amazing soundtrack too."
,Recommended,306130,29622769,Posted: 31 January,all,Aes,"Large playerbase, decent combat, and hours of content"
76561198074736327,Recommended,306130,31833175,Posted: 18 May,all,GeoEo1592,Great game!
76561198027750241,Recommended,306130,31180578,Posted: 16 April,all,mooman1994,good game recent patches have made it much like a traditional elderscrolls game.
,Recommended,306130,32140848,Posted: 2 June,all,FR34KEH,"Dear Gaming Gods,Thanks for making another MMo that I can sink my life into xD.P.S. Its an Elder Scrolls MMo buy it xD"
,Recommended,306130,24814762,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,RedBeard,"I had no idea MMO's could be so fun. Plenty for TES fans in this title, great game and very well polished post release."
,Recommended,306130,25115301,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Motormouth,"I absolutely recommend this game. It mixes everything you love about The Elder Scrolls (The vast, open world and the beautiful spontaneity we've come to know and love in the form of bizarre encounters with Daedric Princes like Sheogorath) and the flawless MMO environment we have seen in games such as World of Warcraft.I definitely rate 9.5/10Also, no one stole my sweetroll, so stop asking."
,Recommended,306130,25270494,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Answer,"Best game ever!But you dont download this game on steam, you should get code active and download on SEO homepage"
,Recommended,306130,24975942,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,FlyingSharky,"You should play this game,absolutely :D"
,Recommended,306130,25015146,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ephires,An MMORPG in Tamriel. What more can i ask?
,Recommended,306130,25113034,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Pride,Amazing game
,Recommended,306130,24776843,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,mujadxd おまえ わ もう し,Due to all bad reviews the game had when it whas just released i kinda didn't want to buy it but it whas on sale anyway.. my expectations were very low but now after a month of playing and having about 321 hours in it i must say this game is alot of fun. It gives you alot of quests if you are into that and it has an amazing story! dungeons are always fun as well and the DLC's are cool too! Cyrodiil is the large scaled pvp area which is very large and has about 200 x the alliances in it every night in multiple campaigns! I must say that i do not regret buying this game :) and im happy to still be playing it.
,Recommended,306130,25114188,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,MindSky,So far lots of fun I would say get it
,Recommended,306130,24797563,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,anx,great MMORPG game. don't expect it tobe some sort of Skyrim online tho. quite different.
,Recommended,306130,24810692,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Raz0r,"I dont understand why alot of people dont like this game. Overall its extremely fun. I'll start off with the Pro's.Pros:- Well first of all, the customer support is outstanding.- Graphics are amazing.- Alot of people say this is not anything like elder scroll games, but i believe it is.- Hours & Hours of gameplay.- Quest are fun.- Good solo portion.- Many Races- Ability to play as werewolf and vampire later in the game.- Goes on sale all the time.- Very helpful and nice community.Now for the cons:- Level up system is slow.- Quest are repetitive.- Cannot travel to friends if in a different region.- No p2p avaible.Overall beside the repetitive quest con, the game is excellent and is extremely worth buying even for the 40$. I paid 23$. It goes on sale alot so grab it when you can.The overall gameplay is awesome, and you will get hours of enjoyment."
76561197994969438,Recommended,306130,25352629,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,LearethMar,I'm enjoying the game and the stories.
,Recommended,306130,24473738,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Tanis41493,"This game brings all my past nostalgia into new life, and it's just wonderful"
,Recommended,306130,23102086,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ushie-onlineafter 24.06.18,"PvE : it is really cool. Enemies arent stupid they do combos, they split up when you use AoE damage. Ande creatures are well designed. There arent much grind zones.  9/10PvP : Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥its perfect. My best PvP experience in a MMO. For The Queen! 10/10Quests : You dont give you kill 10 wolf quests!!But some quests are similar. 9/10Story : Fackin Elder Scroll OMG of course it is perfect 10/10Gameplay : You cant use +100 skills at the same time (only 12) but there are lots of skills. BUT u can play with your own style Heavy armor sorcerer using daggers wtf 9/10Overall : play this ♥♥♥♥ if you love MMO"
76561197989910188,Recommended,306130,23314754,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Stealysteve,"I bought this game a year ago, played it for about 10 hours and then never touched it again... Until I recently started playing again 2 weeks ago :p and was pleasantly surprised to see that both the servers were populated and many of the bugs in the game had been removed or fixed.There also seems to be a new flow to the combat which feels much much smoother and less choppy like it use too. The servers are stable, the game is fun, and theres quite a few players. I'd definitely recommend this to anyone that loves massive-multiplayer rp and genuinely fun (MOBA-ish) combat."
,Recommended,306130,26721738,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,i like to eat apples,Pretty good game but it's exactly what you expect an MMO to be. A little repetitive but it was very fun for a free weekend. I beat the main storyline but I would consider playing more on another free weekend.Very fun but worth the wait for a free weekend.
,Recommended,306130,17221021,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,TastyNebula,A lot better then what it was percieved at initial release.
76561198024445653,Recommended,306130,16753284,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,BrownGorilla,Has to be one of the best games I have played in about 7 years. ESO Tamriel has a unique blend of single player and MMORPG aspects rolled into one graphically satisfying game. The worlds are vast and the developers made sure to make them feel just that. Combat is impressively smooth. There are two aspects of the game I have not yet experienced which is end game raiding and PVP. I will update when I do. Best money spent on a game.
,Recommended,306130,16460923,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Flamo72,">Bought the game on Saturday>Excited as F*ck>Game takes untill monday arvo to finish downloading (non-stop at speeds >=400kb/s)>""It's Finally Done!"" Nerdgasm on the floor>Open Launcher, game needs to patch.>""Fair Enough."">5 hours of Patching later its finished (again speeds at >=400kb/s)>""Finally!"">Jump onto the game, complete tutorial, NA megaserver then goes down for maintenance>""Ok..."">Wake up next morning>""Today is the day!"">Start Launcher>Another two hours of patching>Began crying on the floor>Patching Finishes>Launch Game>Haven't Closed it since10/10 would download again"
,Recommended,306130,24748750,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Capt. Save-A-Ho [C],If you're looking here to find a WOW replacement ur in the wrong place.This game is a solid standalone RPG adventure with rich environments to explore and lore to keep you entertained for hours. It's like playing Skyrim with a social element to it. The combat and char animations are alot smoother than Skyrim and it's fun to actually play ur toon and level it up. This is coming from a guy who played wow back in 2005.8.5/10PROS+Graphics+Combat+Character Animation+LORE+Quest ExperienceCONS-Complex for new players coming into it with no prior Elder Scrolls experience
,Recommended,306130,15553171,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,peepoo,sat in a chair on a chair in an inn 10/10
,Recommended,306130,20099071,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,spookrasto,3 hours of playtime and I havent even made my character yet.
76561198157468483,Recommended,306130,24751270,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Extra Thicc,"The Elder Scrolls Online - For those who are The Elder scrolls fan or a MMO fan  i highly recomend this game for youlet me start first with the cons:- takes ages to download it took me 1 whole day to download this game, probably because i live in Australia but for people in other country's ill estimate 12 hours to download- Don't expect to play the game once it finish downloading, You have to download another update which takes ages to finish before playing the game- Play this game with good internet otherwise your gona play this game with alot of lagg- Servers tend to crash during the game- Tends to get repetative somtimes in my opinionOverall this game an't soo bad, there are some pro's too:- The character creation is highly customizable, You can edit your character of their race, face, body, wepons, and clothing- Graphics are fabulous- Theres alot of quest to do and their diffrent from each other- Fun with friends- Combat is very good- Dungeons are very well design and interesting- Story is great better than the other MMO'SThe Elder Scrolls Online - my rating 8/10 Chicken Nuggets XD"
,Recommended,306130,15044738,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Deedern,"Extremely fun and exciting, even more with friends. I recommend this game for people that have played mmo's. Can be confusing for starters but when you learn the mechanics it starts to get really good."
76561198146385682,Recommended,306130,14857148,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,FAT PANDA SAYS,Great game dont litsen to the reviews.
,Recommended,306130,15162798,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Sadoviano,"Really fun and innovative, found some elements from Skyrim that brought me back a bit. I recommend this game as long as you don't overpay for it <3"
76561198044420302,Recommended,306130,15860357,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Mullic Rav,"Okay, first i would like to point out, Yes i know, i'm one of the few that had made a review based on hardware reasons, but in recent events, i have actually been able to PLAY the game, so now i am able to give an ACTUAL review.The elder scrolls, to nearly any gamer, this brings not just a good time, but to many of those who've played, good memories, now i am most likely not the first in saying this when i say, i was sceptical of a MMO release, and i was unable to try this until the buy to pay release came to be, now as for what's good and what's bad, i would like to point something out, this is just MY thought's on this game, if you agree, great! if not, well no one is pointing a gun at you'r head, so by all means, move on, even make a comment saying what you dis agree with, IN actually reasoning, not just saying i'm an idiot for not liking something you do...now that's out of the way, allow me to place this in a way i prefer to call, the good, the bad, and the nuetral.First the good:-Character creation, the good in this is that they allow all races as always, and something new to the elder scrolls, full body morphing. nothing like black desert, but hey, it's still there, and i love it, the more you allow a person to customize, the more freedom you give them in thier character development, and speaking of freedom, next up is...-Open World, now i know ALL of the elder scrolls have this (not sure on arena, have yet to play...) but all of them limited you to a single province, this is one that allows for you to traverse all of tamriel you so pleased.-Evolving Skills, now i don't know if i am the first to say this, but i HATED skyrim's magic system, I LOVE magic, and i usually go with my own class ""The Spell Dagger"" (aka a magic using rogue...) and the factor of that they make the magic system more limited in each game as they go farther on? i did'nt like... but this game does actually show some progress in the direction I like (perhaps number 6 may have both evolving and making of spells?)-Individual Crafting Styles, this i actually never expected, and actually was quite surprised by it, but this was a good, no, GREAT surprise, this literally just expanded the crafting system immensely, which i have to say, giving how i like to obtain my equipment, gives me alot of work in the future.-The Daedra, A game that finally allows for a way to go to some realms of oblivion FREELY, and as well as even get great rewards for wrecking Molag's anchors (Reminds of Rift's Open Events, and this i like), though being a FAN of the daedra (CHEESE! FOR EVERYONE!) i would like an option for aiding the daedra more often, but this is just a small detail and never a game breaker for me (unless i'm sent to kill the madgod, then all bets are OFF...)-Addons, closest we're gonna get to modding here, yes i can see that some addons look more cheaply cheating than actually helpful... but then again i go for the minimap and markers, with additional information addons.Now the bad, and in which case, please FULLY read these before making any comments on any of these.-Armor Appearance, my ONLY issue with this is such, it looks like it's just a texture gripping you'r skin... in otherwords, other than the items like pauldrons, Belts (I think), ect, the armor parts such as greaves, gauntlets, chest armor (too many names to go by just one) and boots, but look like thier skin tight, almost to the point it looks sufficating... (my opinion)-no high texture graphics, i probably would use this that much, but i would still like the option...And Now the nuetral, NOTE: these are things that could be considered both bad and good.-the sneaking and thieving system, it's...okay, don't get me wrong, being the thieving mercanary i am, i will admit i was pretty happy when this came to be... but when you really look at it... it just feels like something is missing, sure you get technically free money, and when you do it enough, you get to exceed the limit more and more...but i just can't seem to figure out what EXACTLY is missing...-Swimming, ...okay yes i play argonian, sure the increase swimming speed is great, but at the same time, when you just do away with underwater exploration? i don't know... it's not THAT bad, but would'nt call it a plus...-PVP, i say this as a personal note: I am not one for PVP, i have actually have had people tell me i do well for first timers, but in reality, when it comes right down to it, i suck under pressure... but aside from that the over taking base system is great! and as how they have it currently, with trying to balance EVERYONE out a little i could see giving it a plus... but at the same time, i'm, again, not one for pvp...-Guards, this is one of those things that's more... i don't know... if you'r a thief (Like me) they are obviously bothersome, and if you'r not careful, they CAN slaughter you... but to the same token... well i mean, whats a town without guards?-randomized events, i don't mean the anchors, i mean things that can go from dadra falling on top of you'r head because you ticked off Molag, to merchant caravans going under attack, this is one of those things that if you think you can handle it great! but for me... well i'm 50/50 on this in consideration the second 50 i get killed when i'm by myself...So overall My review, if you do enjoy the elderscrolls, and if you think you would enjoy this game, then do give it a try! though it's not the greatest highlight, it is basically traversing the lands of tamrial (and some oblivions) with you'r friends!"
,Recommended,306130,15146057,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,CaereniActual,Turned into a werewolf and devoured a corpse.11/10
,Recommended,306130,15206800,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Dutch,fantasic game but a bit buggy
76561198069147104,Recommended,306130,15225461,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Draric,ı thing this game is awsome and ı love it :D
,Recommended,306130,15165051,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Le Sulfur,"I participated in the eso beta and was very dissapointed. After the subscription service was removed I decided to give this a go, and I'm pleasantly surprised. The game plays and feels like an Elder Scrolls game. However, it is an mmo so you're not going to just get Skyrim online like many people want. Despite that, I highly recommend this game. I've tried a lot of mmo's but I feel this one tops them all.ESO: It doesn't suck anymore."
,Recommended,306130,15788465,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,"Shut the fuck up, Honestly",The game is totally worth a one time payment of $60 if you like mmos.
,Recommended,306130,16100385,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,GoldLycaeon™,"This game is very complex and very detailled. The lore (story behind everything) is EXTREMELY well-done. It feels very familiar if you have played other Elder Scrolls because the lore is the same and you get to visit all the big cities you once played in. For example, we can visit Morrowind, a part of Skyrim, Summerset Isles, Cyrodiil (doomed by war and chaos). You get to choose what YOU want to play as, no matter your race or your class. ESO:TU is a huge change from before, and many more updates are to come.Recommend to a friend? Hell yes!I rate this 8.5 / 10There is a lot of features I'd like to see added in the game, possibly in the near future. But as of now, this game is complete et very well done."
,Recommended,306130,15056368,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,MoodCandy,I keep falling in lava and I have a monkey.
,Recommended,306130,20169153,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ngianpuri,Yes. I'd recommend this game.I am truly amazed by the exploits tho. Ppl always have workarounds. GJ community!+points for using alts as storage space
,Not Recommended,306130,31756048,Posted: 14 May,all,ECHtoplasm,"Not a whole lot of content, game is designed to suck as much money from your wallet as possible."
,Recommended,306130,15034384,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Bazooka137,"I have to give props to Zenimax/Bethesda for working on this game so hard since launch/beta. It was a pretty lackluster experience back then, but they've stepped up their game and truly made a fun MMO. Now that the subscription fee is gone there's even more reason to buy it. If you want some of the freshest gameplay in the Action-MMO genre, check out ESO."
76561198079844252,Recommended,306130,26321359,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,☘ Jake Snake ☘,"Played this back in BETA and i honestly thought it was terribly boring.Tried it again not to long ago and SO much has changed.If you have this sitting in your inventory from way back when it first released, you should give it a try again, you might be pleasently suprised like i was. Having a lot of fun leveling and the change of being able to explore and do any quest from any part of the game world at any time no matter your level is a blast."
,Recommended,306130,23357587,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Heterror,"Watched the trailer, bought the game, realize that im suck at MMO afterwards.Took a long break.Yearn fighting with the dragons, but you would never found any in here.Played for a while.. then the patches came.Took another break.Came back stronger (With the hype and passion to explore).Grinding levels, created more chars...Grinding levels again..Spent some times fooling around stealing the equipments from the store.Got caught. Punched in the face with rock solid punch from the guards.Felt more encouraged to steal some more.10/10 i would play more seriously (Still the highest char level stuck on 9 LOL)#noobgaming #retarddetectedAt least it is still pretty similar with Skyrim and i dont have to be scared alone again entering those creepy dungeons. And for those beautiful scenery and mesmerizing landscape, i enjoyed the most."
76561198012034582,Recommended,306130,17976368,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Pixeslap,"Just started to play this recently - I finished Skyrim ages ago but I will not pay online subs to play any game, so when this same out in the present format - I don't mind shelling out the coin.Like I say just started - need to rank up a fair bit - but that's the game.If I would have to moan about something - it would be the fact there is no Player Housing - I think given the right format and the fact you can paly with friends - A chance to have a virtual Friday Night Out with the LADS ( and LASSES ) in the game sounds pretty good to me - I'll make sure the wife's in bed and my beer is flowing - you lot just get the party house started !"
,Recommended,306130,17379639,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Nerd Man,Don't verify the game cache on steam. Just don't. Please.
,Recommended,306130,34747927,Posted: 4 September,all,Krept,Loading Simulator 2017
,Recommended,306130,20020208,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,"Cassius (Ignore Status, Offline)","Went to Windhelm, killed enemies to the throne and then proceeded to go down a dark alley where I met an overly fancy dressed woman.  We danced like dumb, hyper monkeys and another guy joined in for the party.  We read books, played the lute and drums, got drunk and danced drunk, and then passed out.  After we woke up again, I mentioned the Clockwork City.  They wanted to know about it....and so I enlightened them with the mystic wisdom of the Clockwork God and succeeded in making them realize that cyborgs and computers are actually canon in TES.....this wonderful miracle could not have been done inside any other TES game, 34826926123486/10"
,Recommended,306130,24212456,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,tnB',BEST MMO SO FAR
76561198068327331,Recommended,306130,34331726,Posted: 18 August,all,SirSuckMyGlock,This game is a really good mmo. If you can get into you will find it addictive with alot of this to do.
,Recommended,306130,34519393,Posted: 26 August,all,DHoberer,This is an excellent game. Lots to do and the guild and trading systems are great. Better than almost any other feature is the music and sound effects. They're really outstanding!
76561198068417966,Recommended,306130,33142363,Posted: 2 July,all,Old Spice,The game feels very different from other commonly played MMORPGs.
,Recommended,306130,26174888,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Dr. Omagu,"good game :D mass pvp, roleplay, storyline, quest, dungeon, and yeah lot moreI can be vampire/werewolf >:L 10/10only 1 that I dont like it..... I dont have friends to play with :'C"
76561198049538705,Recommended,306130,26151150,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,"[OVE] Panny, Lord of Pans",The ESO experience is one of the most positive ones i've had in a MMO. The scale fits my liking and the flexibility of the 4 classes alowing for subclasses is amazing. The game isnt perfect but theres a lot more right than wrong
76561198009135829,Recommended,306130,31921716,Posted: 23 May,all,niborum,Back in the saddle again.  I loved playing many many hours on Skyrim and now I can ride all over in Elderscrolls...I love exploring and finding all the hidden chests...it is also so much more fun to play with a friend...Thanks
76561198275862001,Recommended,306130,29818156,Posted: 9 February,all,SamP02,Brilliant fun with good writing. The community's really helpful and nice and the devs are supportive. The atmosphere of each province is really immersive and the DLCs are definately worth getting
,Recommended,306130,26174777,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,BigDog,"So Elder Scrolls Online is an amazing game in my opinion even though people have strong negative feelings about this game. I love the fighting in this game way better than any other MMO i have played. If you have a computer that is beefy you can take advantage of its beautiful graphics. This new update that they released where you can go anywhere in the world and it will scale according to your level is awesome for low level players but i can see why high level players do not like this. The ""story mode"" to this game is pretty cool but very predictable. There is so much to do in this game and I look foward to playing this game in the future. All in all with everything in consideration for this game my scores are:Personal Score: 9/10General Score Non-Bias: 7/10If you enjoy MMO's like WoW and BDO I suggest this game to those kind of people but if you are looking to start playing an MMO i do not suggest this game.PS: This game is really time consuming just like anyother MMO but it is worth it"
,Recommended,306130,15425464,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Turret,"Before you start judging this game, just know that you absolutely CAN NOT compare this to another Elder Scrolls game! It would be like comparing Will Smith and Chuck Norris, Both action heroes, Loved/hated for different reasons.Pros: Gigantic Open Map for exploringDon't have to pay a monthly fee :PExpansive Crafting SystemRelive your child hood memories in the world of TamrielMurder spiders and goblins with the crewPlayer-Made GuildsPvP/PvEAnd RIDING F***ING TIGERSCons: Crowns Shop (We relize money is needed, but really, $30 a tiger?!)Other players stealing kills/grinding in quest areasNot much of dat lootEXTREMELY slow Leveling systemCan't turn dragons into Thomas the Tank Engine ;( RIPOverall, get the game. NO REGRETS AT LEAST HERE!"
76561198169266644,Recommended,306130,19317513,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Eltra,"Good game. But don't expect a ""skyrim on line"". It is a totally new experience. :)"
76561198061786637,Recommended,306130,19100097,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,meow!~,Best MMORPG so far
,Recommended,306130,19224851,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Nephritho,"Highly addictiveThe goodNice loreFunny and intresting dialogs.Decent gameplay.I spend a lot of my time on this game totally worth it (600+)edit: 1000 now yaaaay.Funny glitchesThe badThe acting could be better. Certain characters sound emotionless.Well it is a game of ""Bethesda"" and Zenimax so be prepared to meet some bugs and gltches in your quest for glory.Oh and the two times 47 gigabyte download. Not kidding.Crown store is expensive for worthless junk.The ugly.2015:The costumer support.""Helping you is our passion!"" don't believe it. Most of the time it's ""deal with it :^)"".Word of advice don't get permanent banned.You have to create a new steam and buy the game again.2017: Costumer support? What costumer support?Still I recommend the game because it's fun. Just be aware of Zenimax and it's hunger for money."
76561198091393959,Recommended,306130,19136490,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,♠ PlayTheAces ♠,One of the greatest games...ever.
,Recommended,306130,17548829,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,L!z,Been gaming WoW active for 11 years now.. Was just gonna give this one a shot for fun. Now i disbanded my hardcore raiding guild on WoW and got my guild to game this. So much fun! If u`re looking for a massive multiplayer RPG game this is for you! U will never game alone if u dont want to. Been declining over 100 group invites and i am just level 20.
76561198048746032,Recommended,306130,19701111,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Sargent_muffin,feels more like another elder scrolls than a MMO
,Recommended,306130,17779722,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,JewsClues,Elder Scrolls Online is a great game great mechanics and hours of fun
,Recommended,306130,34529431,Posted: 27 August,all,ReddeSpectre,"It's entertaining and massive. As long as you don't go into the game expecting ""Skyrim the MMO"", you will most likely enjoy it."
76561198020944964,Not Recommended,306130,33324566,Posted: 6 July,all,Mr_Salty,"Good game to players who do not wanna make hard content, game is made to fit casual players and does not reward hardcore players at all. PvP is terrible, cyrodil lag is massive like 70% of day because servers cant deal whit massive groups what is needed to take objective. Battlegrouds does not have macthmaking at all, it not fun to play when you are max lvl and BiS gear and enemys are lvl 10-15 players, also Zos takes their time to fix even smallest bug/glitch in this game. Trials are only good lategame content in this game but after you run them like 3 times they got bored.Good side of this game is that if you enjoy questing there is alot of that and all quests are fully voice acted, games combat mechanic is rly good and fun. Game world is massive and there is lot world bosses dungeons etc what you can do whit your friends if you are in to that type of gameplay. But if you are looking mmo where you wanna be rewarded by your skills this game is not to you, you can get bis pvp gear less then 3 hours and these sets will carry you even if you do not know how to play. In to pve you can get trial gear (not bis) in 6-10 hours and you get dmg what is needed to do all lategame content.5/10"
,Recommended,306130,19867039,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Jericho Law ♜,I only played for a bit but it seems alright.
76561198037126760,Recommended,306130,17992547,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Dumbarse,Seems to be a pretty good game. I have put about 40 hours in.If you buy it DO NOT install from Steam. Take your code over to the official Elder SCrolls Online page and activate it there and download the proper installer.The proper installer and the Steam installer argue and Steam thinks the files are corrupt.I cost me about 150gig to figure this out.
76561198173704763,Recommended,306130,15715471,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Shaq'o'flage,This game...is simply magneficiant. £50 and you get all the content in the game - THE CONENT IN THIS GAME IS F****** INSANE!!! I could spent so many hours on this game.All love
,Recommended,306130,16738514,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,kerkgair,good game but crashes alot it might be my pc tho
76561197981700735,Recommended,306130,17194134,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,[UGC] W4rCh1Ld,OF COURSE it would go on sale the week after I paid full price for it...
,Recommended,306130,23314180,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Hz Dolphin,"This game must be the best mmorpg that I ever played, but something is missing. Its not exciting to me, I dont know why.."
,Recommended,306130,26636859,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,The Bright Lord,"Improved alot over the beta, if you have friends and enjoy mmos buy it.8/10"
,Recommended,306130,18050140,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,84th | Razz,"This game has definately increased in quality from when it was first released. As a huge lore nut myself, I absolutely love this game! It's got some of the best graphics for an MMO and gameplay is smooth. Sure, there are a few glitches here and there, but it's nothing serious. I really recommend this game to anyone who loves lore and basically an extension to the series. But do keep in mind, it is an MMO, and not a Skyrim 2.Furthermore the community is really nice and humble. You'd have an easy time finding friends to play together. I hope I have convinced you in playing this game :)9/10"
76561198288049129,Recommended,306130,21759942,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Jasper,Elder Scrolls Online isn't the usual MMO. That's what makes it worth playing. It is a wonderful game to play and it's rich in every department of MMOs.
,Recommended,306130,15028091,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Frommagio Al Forno,certainly one of the best MMOs i have ever played
,Recommended,306130,15027411,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Rhajin,"Amazing game, it has the best story and quest lines in any MMO I've played. Runs really smooth, has good combat, great community, everything you could want in an MMO. Definatlly worth the 60 bucks."
76561198055900400,Recommended,306130,15028012,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,James Madison,Got quest to find glutton for swineherd wickton.Found glutton and freed him.random assassin attacked me.killed assassin.completed quest.leveled up.10/10 would save glutton again
,Recommended,306130,15135711,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Skulki,"Great game, really surprised it feels like an actual elder scrolls game."
76561198068204690,Recommended,306130,13905382,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,jamison mcgraw,"Are you a Eler Scrolls fan? Do you wish to play through elder scrolls lore with friends? then just buy the game, add me on steam and lets play!"
76561198039143870,Recommended,306130,14976375,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Harpoon,"A good game indeed, they give out the saga 1000 years before Oblivion and you learn so much more about all of Tamriel and it's inhabitants. The gameplay has it's unique block, strike and powerstrike attacks when it comes to melee, and the manadepleeting spells when it comes to spells. Sprinting is available. It gives a satisfying Elder Scrolls feeling aswell as gigantic world to discover."
76561198134212395,Recommended,306130,13259755,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,KoolRhymesBusta,this game has the best story every it is so interestingi learned that i am a dragonborn and i have to either join the stormcloaks or imperials to help martin luther save the world from hermaous mora10/10 would download again
,Recommended,306130,14819063,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,BoneChill,"So far, I am not regretting purchasing and waiting for the hefty install to finish.  I have been completely immersed in this game in both storyline and gameplay since trying it out a few days ago.  I cannot claim to be the best Elder Scrolls fan, besides watching a friend play Oblivion and then my first game being Skyrim for 360.  That being said, I have played quite a few MMORPG's and know a good one when I see one.  This is what I have been looking for lately in a game.  To take me away and fully delve me into a game with incredible graphics, story, and gameplay!  The fact that I'm somewhat familiar with Elder Scrolls lore is just a bonus.  To me, the cut-scene questing is pretty top notch in both visuals and voice acting.  Even lip movement is sync'd fairly well.  Interface is clean and intuitive.  Map is detailed and expandable.  Love the Quickslot option, and the way skill trees are unlocked based on the spells you use most in combat.I only recently started, but for those people that have played the game in it's early days (or even just before this recent patch), perhaps this video will help clarify some of the things they've changed/improved.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xA6rJzmjTdE"
,Recommended,306130,15028218,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Never Lucky,Recommended.
,Recommended,306130,15062337,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,dpseizure,This game is great please ignore everyone else complaining about it.Especially with the newest updates not just including the sub fee dropped. They have fixed so many bugs and continued to polish this game even more. Its at its best right now and you should be playing.Would spend 250hrs again and probably will.
76561198044462552,Recommended,306130,15194845,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,CareFreeSpaghetti,No subscription? An mmo with a taste of elder scrolls? F#$% yeah.
76561198080402402,Recommended,306130,15660058,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Brock Lee,"This game started out very rough, and with the release of Tamriel Unlimited, it is a whole new experience and it will only get better.  I can't say much to persuade you but I will say this:  IF YOU LIKE MMO'S, THIS IS A MUST."
,Recommended,306130,13653015,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,velmax,"Fun, nice community, and engaging."
76561198021845535,Recommended,306130,15026946,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Mil The Windmill,Paid 60 dollars for a character creatorWorth
76561197972428517,Recommended,306130,15891219,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Skull,"Fave MMO. Most immersive, and best for playing as a duo. Not great for large group play, but less frustrating and cartoony than WOW. Quirky in places, but man does it feel good to smack something with an axe in this game!"
76561198131600037,Recommended,306130,24741960,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,jacktc10,a very good game i wish you could sell stolen goods thats my favorite part of other elder scrolls games  but i would rate it 9 out of 10
76561198092271193,Recommended,306130,19866615,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dark Requiem,lav eet yoo.. no pay to win system that goes on this game... and for sure youre gonna sink alot of hours on this... so buy it now!
,Recommended,306130,17413361,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,knukzz,"Just buy it, you will love it! :D"
,Recommended,306130,15992495,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,"At first I was a bit skeptical about this game. I do not like mmorpg's, but I do like TES games. So it was inevitable for me to buy and try it out and you know what? It's not that bad. Lore-wide and exploration-wide, it's a good game. Still not liking that much mmorpg bit, but it's just me, the game is good."
76561198081607785,Recommended,306130,14603923,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Paulie Walnuts,"havent played much of it yet but based off what iv seen , i have no idea what everone is complaining about its a pretty good game if you ask me. And its even better now that there droping the monthly fee."
,Recommended,306130,14688953,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Lil Mavvericc,This game is honestly amazing. Everyone bad mouthed it but it is actually REALLY amazing.I recommend that everyone should give this game at least one try.
,Recommended,306130,15860610,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DaddyOFour,Awesome. Like  the elder scrolls and everquest 2 had a baby
76561198039291880,Recommended,306130,15148275,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,MacBamse︻芫══一,♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!!!!!!
,Recommended,306130,15959898,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Meeka,"Amazingly good, removing subs brought me in. If anything it's a bit confusing as my leveling didn't catch up to the quest levelsEdit: Turns out I was supposed to explore, I thought there would be quest chains that brought me to other quest hubs. Who would've thought that this was supposed to be an elder scrolls game!"
,Recommended,306130,25460399,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,nano,"best mmo ever played, if you liked skyrim, this will be your dream game"
76561198045910815,Not Recommended,306130,28212323,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,singularity6,"I really wanted to play this game.  Unfortunately, whatever Steam and Zenimax are doing to allow for us to be able to ""play"" the game isn't woring.  I can't view the game key (yes, I've visited the forums,) so I can't log in on Zenimax's server.  Neither company has been very helpful when it comes to getting me going with the game.I suspect these issues wouldn't be happening had I purchased the game  from some other vendor."
,Not Recommended,306130,28854455,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,D€mïgød§,it seems like it would be a good game. other reveiws are great for it. i really really wanted to play. waste of time to try to get it to run if you want 10-infinate time loading screens get this game its a known problem. and the dev team ont do anything about its been years!
,Recommended,306130,22860295,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,VagueChill,"THE RECENT INFLUX OF NEGATIVE REVIEWS ARE FROM SKYRIM PLAYERS WHO DOWNLOADED THE FREE WEEKEND AND THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE THE SAME!I would NOT have reccomended this game back at the stage where it was £10 a month. But after the release of Tamriel unlimited, i'm 100% certain that this remains the best MMO out there, The crown store does a good job at selling the DLC's and allowing for a purely cosmetic based payed system, after about 20-30 (More like 10 or less if people help you out) hours playing without buying anything with crowns you can save up for a mount.Once you hit level 10, you will unlock cyrodil and can play around in the pvp running back and forth taking forts and outposts from your opposing factions.There are quite a few DLC in the game as of now so you should either buy A LOT of crowns during a crown sale (They happen every few months or so) in a big package to save lots of money and then buy the dlc packs from there, or subscribe to ESO PLUS (Which is quite expensive) but gets you all of the DLC excluding Morrowind."
,Recommended,306130,32214587,Posted: 5 June,all,Iluminatus,"As something Donald Trump would put it. This game, this game is absolutely Tremendous, its fantasitic."
,Not Recommended,306130,31989130,Posted: 26 May,all,Orealo,"In regards to Morrowind: great graphics and music. The main quest dungeons should've been solo like the base game main quest, right now there is an army of level 3 wardens everywhere and thanks to One Tamriel they're killing the same mobs I am with my 600+ levels, which makes me wonder why I got them. Basicly its the base game reskinned and a different story line. Should've been priced $ 15 cheaper. Also signs of pay to win started with this expansion. I spend over a year trying to get all the crafting lines completed but now you can just buy your way to master crafter. The new 'Battleground' PvP is very bugged, I got a random penalty and most of the time the Battleground group finder wasn't working at all. Feels like it was released too soon"
76561198049718840,Recommended,306130,15124771,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,HAIL SATAN,"dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥what ppl said about eso before, this one has real elder scrolls soul in it. im playing the series since morrowind so i believe i know what is an elder scrolls game; listen to me boys BUY THIS GAME."
76561198141890623,Recommended,306130,15920990,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Shadow,"It would be better if I didn't have to download a mod to use a controller to play it, but it is pretty good past that."
76561198131659727,Recommended,306130,22441395,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Chronopenguin,"Tamriel is... big.Large.Humongous.And fully fleshed out.This game isn't amazing, no, and it wasn't worth it back when there was a monthly fee, but now that that is gone, if ever see it on sale, grab it quickly."
76561198277110522,Recommended,306130,31829432,Posted: 18 May,all,dannybridge288,"First few hours I thought its not to bad this, 3 days later im lost in an awsome story learning everything i can and I have to say that the content will keep me going for a very long time, As a fan of skyrim I was put off thinking im 3 years behind on this game ( can not belive I have never heard of it before!) but there are many people on the same level as me. Imho I think this beats skyrim, graphics are superb, lots of exploring to be done,  the mechanics are great and there are many ways to play, I never thought I was pushed in one direction or the other. I love this game so far and im not even close to the dlc yet. big thumbs up for me!As soon as I figure out how to craft a gun I will fall in love with this game even more!"
,Recommended,306130,15121174,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Crotchety Oldman,"Played Beta nonstop trying to break the game:   ✓Played as a homeless begger:                               ✓Tried and failed miserably at PVP:                        ✓Compared ESO to Wow.                                        ✓Start playing again once it became ""free"":           ✓Write a review wearing nothing but a single sock:               ✓✓/10"
76561197979301534,Recommended,306130,15014633,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Reginald Derpington III,feels like skyrim multiplayer (most of the time)no subscription = win
,Not Recommended,306130,28851358,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jericho Fort,"It used to be fun, the newest update with scaling took away what I enjoyed. Want an example of how broken it is? Limbscather, an early world boss, has 1.8m hp. It's ridiculous at this point."
,Recommended,306130,12872524,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Rarein!,"I love this game! This game is not like WoW or any other game. The PvP is amazing and is even more amazing when you find a good guild to run with. The community is great as well is the economy.Five reasons to get the game:1. PvP is a great part of the game and is very fun2. Always something to do in the lands evern when you hit last lvl3. New things everywhere you go4. Lore is wounderful in the game5. Constant additions to the game every patchFive reasons not to get the game1. $15 per month sucks but i dont mind if they put it into the game2. Broken class's3. Lag within the pvp zone4. Pve quest can get confusing when you dont know where to go sometimes5. There is bugs in the game but then again all MMOs have themI do think this game is worth it if you like skyrim and the other elder scroll games. BUT you have to keep in mind this game is still kinda new and is improving. You can have constan hours in this game and have fun. Everything is voiced and very nicely done. The $15 a month is kinda high but i think if they keep going in the direction that they are going this game can be real BIG on Pc, xbox one and Ps4."
76561198027111921,Recommended,306130,13268201,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Geowge,"If you are a fan of the Elder Scrolls series and MMOs, I'd definetly reccomend trying the game. Its a bit rocky to start with, but afterwards its a really rewarding and immersive experience."
,Recommended,306130,13541471,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Spottswoode,"I've played the game since beta and bought the Steam version during this most recent sale. The game is loads of fun with awesome graphics and great music. The gameisatypical of standard Elder Scolls games. The game isn't leveled, meaning you can easily get killed by wandering into higher level areas. It is also very grindy in endgame. They have made great strides since the beginning and will have the Dark Brotherhood, Thieves Guild, and Justice System next year."
,Recommended,306130,14980206,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,wowmakeupnerd,"Spent the first ten minutes trying to figure out what the heck was going on. I finally figured it out and then I accidently killed someones pet and then the guards were on me like white on rice. The only problem was that I had no gold to pay my bounty so they kept killing me over and over. Just as I was about to give up I sprinted in to the store, sold some junk and when a guard approached me I was finally able to pay my bounty. Since then I have done quite a bit of questing and this turned in to a game that I am actually enjoying quite a bit. A lot of people don't like it because it isn't what they were expecting it to be wich is Skyrim multiplayer. To be honest, I don't see much of a difference from Skyrim other then the abilities of course wich is what makes it an mmo. All in all, I think this is a great game.10/10 Would not kill a pet again."
,Recommended,306130,14976035,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Phantom,"So I like the game as much as Bethesda likes starting people as prisoners... seriously though Bethesda, do you have a weird prisoner fetish or something? Anyway the game is enjoyable and I have not encountered any bugs yet (except for an NPC getting stuck on stairs and then shooting across the room lol) The game is even better with a crime system. It is a good game now."
,Recommended,306130,15017692,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,hamlet,great fun. I especially enjoy it now that the heavy subscription cost has been lifted.
76561198071280508,Recommended,306130,15014758,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Graxzer,After tamriel unlimited this game is definitely worth the money. You should note that most of the bad reviews are outdated.The only thing I would like to see is better communication and more of a social aspect.The speech bubbles are really nice but are only in beta I would like to see them do more with that.
76561198045076609,Recommended,306130,15086070,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mew Mew Kitty Phuk,Awesomely subscription Free!
76561198080359097,Not Recommended,306130,31516415,Posted: 2 May,all,Chrysidia,"This game is not worth the price. Sure it has really beautiful graphics, but the gameplay is not great. It's way closer to an ordinary MMORPG than Skyrim just so you can picture the gameplay. You get bored rather quickly because of the way the game is made: the gameplay feels flat, you're always doing the same things. I have played way beter MMO than this one. Not to mention the overly pricey crownstore. Everything costs you a lot of real life money and you might want to buy some things there to have certain useful things like a house, for example. For the same kind of ""pay to win"" style, you can have way cheaper somewhere else for the exact same game experience.I have played more than what you can see on Steam. I just chose to install and launch the game from the ESO launcher, not from Steam due to technical problems with the game. Also, don't expect the technical support to give you an answer quickly, because they won't. I had a reply a month later.+ Good graphics+ Nice combat for a MMO, variety in levelling+ Easy to understand--- Pay to win, or pay to play- Flat gameplay- Few good interactions with other players, they will mostly steal your loot than anything else- gathering ressources for crafting badly made- Takes lots of storage space-- Technical problems everywhere- Bad customer service"
76561198145581856,Recommended,306130,15880926,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Smokeoutt,"Tamriel Unlimited is back with a vengeance. And I'm okay with that, this game has made leaps and bounds in the last few months alone. I can only shudder with anticipation waiting for the rest of the incredible content we can be expecting. (like the dark brotherhood and thieves guild etc.) BUY THIS GAME AND NEVER STOP PLAYING IT."
,Recommended,306130,17249759,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Naygas,I would choose this game over saving my mother's life.
76561198147313912,Recommended,306130,15680306,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,FEISTY51,This game is well worth the money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,306130,22950192,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Archi,Amazing game!
,Recommended,306130,24460475,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,N. Petrova,Difficult to play but best mmo game eso
76561197972941777,Recommended,306130,14183462,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Orin Doomhammer,"actually i really like this game, yes its got some mindlessness with it but all in all its very well done, the visuals are great and a treat coming from most mmo's. It does have its problems and some growing pains but its certanly worth the time to get into. So far I enjoy the abillity to play using any class and matching what ever weapons i want with what ever armor i so choose. this game is growing and about to adapt a Buy to play model like Guild wars, so Come on in and enjoy the party."
76561198122574117,Recommended,306130,13171623,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Reghnall,People that like Skyrim and doesnt like ESO have to think again. Consider Skyrim without mods. Without the mods you wont have a big immersion into the game. ESO its not meant to be Skyrim Online. It is made to be a MMO. Zenimax had to please both sides : the fans of ES and the fans of MMORPG. If you play ESO you can see from the start that the game is full of ES lore and its made for ES fans. The game is constantly improving and the devs give full attention to the game with constant and smart updates (like the upcoming justice driven by players system).I fully recomend the game to ES fans. The PVP is awsome. The FPS has improved a lot since Beta and there is no shop in game to squeeze more money out of you. The crafting is meaningful and its actualy worth it.Not to mention the classes (mage with 2h swords..No problem:))My rating for the game as it is for now is 9/10
,Recommended,306130,13316439,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Aluciz,Better than What I've heard so far. I still think it's better rpg than some games that give player quests that only kill monsters for xx or get item from this monster xx pieces.... and repeat like that for many cities lol.... this game has alot more than that. but since the original price might be abit high for some people...if it's discount on event I'd recommend you try it.
,Recommended,306130,13852579,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,BongRipper427,"I played Ultima Online , Dark Age of Camelot , Warhammer Online and Eve for long term MMO's , I've dabbled in a few other MMO's short term. This game comes in the top 5 MMO's I've touched . ESO has a non locking , 3D action based combat system which is refreshing compared to most mmo's . The crafting will not touch games like ArcheAge but there is more than enough to keep crafters happy. I'm more into open field RVR , ESO has a very Guild Wars type open RVR. The best I've played since Dark Age of Camelot ! They have 3 sides !!!! So far my main hero is almost level 33 , I've yet to see the vet PVP area but even the ""baby"" non vet pvp zone is a blast . You setup catapults , knock down walls , seige castles , gank enemies ... all the fun you want from a open PVP zone. So far they only have one RVR zone but it's broken down into vet ( 50 + heros ) and non vet servers . All player stats are boosted up to level 50 in non vet pvp zones .Most bad reviews come from people who say the game won't have enough immersion. If you want the level of immersion in Skyrim , don't buy this . It's a MMO . MMO's are YEARS away from making a PVE game on the level of Skyrim ... won't happen, stay away . That being said . This game has some of the best PVE in any MMO I've touched. The basic quest are  interesting and well done compared to pretty much every other MMO. They make the level ""grind"" pretty easy to deal with , plus the level grind is pretty fast compared to a lot of fantasy MMO's of the past . Again , maybe that's my age showing. If you pick up a sword and shield , you level that tree line . Fire a bow , you're leveling bow . Just like the single player game. Classes are VERY diverse and open .Overall , great game !!! Great combat , good PVE , amazing PVP . crafting feels well done and lots of players."
76561198204543728,Recommended,306130,14306928,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,raymcgrath2025,this game is sweet out of all the elder scrolls game i have played this one is sweet
76561198053791074,Recommended,306130,14406858,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,marydmoomey,"I just love this game! I have spent many hours leveling up a main character and several alts. There are several reasons it has captivated me-the graphics are very clean, realistic- there is a mix of questing, killing, crafting, solving puzzles, and exploring that makes the game well rounded. Since I am mainly a solo player, I like the fact that I can play solo most of the time and sometimes when things get a little hairy, someone jumps in to help and we both get credit for killing the boss or group and we don't have to be in a party to benefit. That is cool! At first, I didn't like the mail system and thought there should be physical mailboxes, but now I like the idea I can get my mail from anywhere and don't have to be in a town to receive or send. One thing I would like to see is a mini map. It is kind of annoying that I have to bring up a big map to see where I am going. I am getting used to the pointer system on the bar at the top of the screen. I have learned to bring up the map on the fly...but be careful you don't run into a bad guy while doing so. I haven't devoted too much time yet to crafting and would like to pursue that more. I do like that the world is an open space and I can do and go pretty much where I want. I feel that the developers have spent much time listening to their players on what they like and I look forward to continuing my ever-expanding, never-ending adventure."
76561198060898676,Recommended,306130,13706463,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,MrFuckADuck,"First off, I don't think the pressure put on bethesda to make a ground breaking MMORPG based off of one of the greatest franchises of all time is fair at all. When you strip it down to what it really is, no assumptions or expectations, the game can be pretty enjoyable. Admittedly, there are times when it may feel like you don't know what you're doing. But it's not hard to get back on track and enjoy the game. It would probably be better, even, if i had a better computer and didn't have to play with the graphics on low. so make sure your computer can handle the load of high quality MMORPG grahpics."
,Recommended,306130,13906587,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Ackafoo,"The game itself is amazing. But as part of the series it differs from the previous Elder scrolls.But even if it's a part of the series I miss something. And please correct me if I'm wrong.Pros :There are no 'kill 20 wolves quest'It has beautiful graphics (for a MMORPG)As every part of the Elder scrolls it has a great loreThe character creation is very extensive.You are not bound to use swords as Dragonknight (Freedom of class)The combat system is not as clunky as previous games but has room for improvementESO´s community is GREAT, everyone I met is atleast helpful or downright friendly.Cons :The characters feel very dull (just giving you quests)Playing with friends it a bit hard because of the limitation of the 3 factions.Gold is pretty hard to get (without quests)The leveling system is pretty slow.8/10UPDATE:After Tamriel Unlimited came out I started playing again and i´d say it is great the game feel polished. There is no subsciption required and everyone who bought it when there was a subscription got their remaining time in ESO Plus and some crowns. Also I changed my mindset, I was too optimistic about this game I thought it was more like a Skyrim Online, but actually it is better than most MMO´s and certainly the best I have played.10/10"
,Recommended,306130,13956419,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Vault-Tec101,I do enjoy the game. I would love it more if there was a stable FPS. i do recommend to people who enjoy other mmos not people who enjoy skyrim.
76561198150773978,Recommended,306130,14024458,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Satan's Little Helper,"I don't get what people are complaining about really. The quests are fully voice acted and they aren't repetitive at all, they always run smoothly, grouping bugs have been fixed for the most part, as I'm sure some people (not many) still experience them, The only problem I've run into playing this game was the lack of players. I had a hard time finding a group and while other blame this on a bug the reality behind it is that in this day in age people simply don't wanna pay for an MMO. WoW has recently lost one million subscribers, and its not because of ESO or because theres a lack of interest because lets face it, the interest IS there, just no one wants to pay to play. WoW can get away with it because one million lost subcribers means nothing to the fan base they've already amassed. But for ESO, its a different story because there weren't too many people buying into it in the first place. New content is being released monthly as promised and ZOS has no problem keeping their promises (unlike a certain rockstar company we know). But the voice acting doesn't stop there. ZOS has put  the effort into making the entire game fully voice acted. So you can't say no effort was put into this game because a tremdous amount was put into it. Especially if we talk pvp. The honest truth is there is so much to do in this world. If you make it past level 50 the game just begins as you can travel to the other faction territories and quest there as well. Dungeons are plentiful and new ones are always being added as promised, but like I said I can never find people to play with. Take my advice ZOS and make the game free to play. Make certain objects like Motifs available for purchase with real money don't make the mistake of making the game pay to win just make items that are unnecessary but still highly useful available for purchase and you'll have a steady flow of cash coming in because I garauntee you that once you make the game free to play you'll have floods of people coming into play. Out of my gaming group of 6 I'm the only one who plays. The other five said they would play but they don't want to pay 15 dollars a month in order to play. My friends are stuck on warframe and they've all spent a good 60 bucks on unnecessary but highly useful items to keep the game funded. Anyone who reads this please note that the only problems I have is the social aspect of the game. If you are a lone player I reccomend this game highly as you will get your moneys worth from it.8/10"
76561198017890843,Recommended,306130,15862601,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,-CHB-Killer,"If you are a fan of the Elder Scrolls games why not get the Elder Scrolls Online (Tamriel Unlimited)? Here is why you should get this 5 star game. It combines all the Elder scrolls games into 1 massive game + you get to now play with your friends. You still play however you want. (Imperial version recommended) I know everybody must be playing Fallout 4 right now but you have to get this game. If you played previous Fallout games thats good to know. I've played them too. For some time now i've been on The Elder Scrolls Online. Some of you have played Diablo 2 & 3. If i could explain The Elder Scrolls Online to you it would be like putting that in first person and having the fun of a great Fallout game experience. BTW both games are in fact made by Bethesda. Now with the Orsinium DLC pack. Have you seen how many hours on record i've been on The Elder Scrolls Online. I'm almost at 1000 hours and serious. ""Have i proven my point""?. If you can see my gaming hour records I have proven my point. If you can't even see this review or my game hours ""I better do something about that""."
,Not Recommended,306130,29206171,Posted: 12 January,all,Captain Tucker,"I cannot login, customer support is dogshit 10/10"
,Recommended,306130,14744883,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Metal,"okay so after spending some time on this game i have to summarize the crucial points.Pros:-Large scale pvp (from 1v1 to 50v50 or more, open world pvp)-Huge crafting system (woodworking clothing enchanting provisioning alchemy and blacksmithing, but needs TOO much time investment cause researching traits for items will take a long time, but thats the fun part of crafting, i would say 6 months at least to make a full crafter)-Skill-based pvp but also gear dependent-Dungeons (4party dungeons or 12party trials)-Huge storyline-Huge map-Crown store (its mostly for appearance, things you can buy in there for gameplay is only food but you can craft it also for really few materials)-One of the best combat systems-Available on all consoles and regionsCons:-Loading screens (sometimes, maybe rarely, you are stuck in the loading screen and you need to alt+f4)-PvP in the EU server has too much ping on 100v100 fights or so (500+ms)-Leveling is somewhat hard and time consuming if you want to get to endgame fast-Lacks diversity on endgame pvp (many builds from streamers become viral and everyone uses them)-DLC that you have to buy in order to access some regionsi think i have missed a lot of things but i think this is enough for now. shortly, i think this game is fun and players who are searching for an ""all-type"" mmorpg should give this game a look because i think most of their ""demands"" will be answered."
76561198011125511,Not Recommended,306130,24674020,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,KrYp70N-D4v1Nc1,"I cannot in my right mind recommend this game to anyone.That is not to say the gameplay was not good or the combat was not balanced or even that it was difficult to use or play..none of that is the case.It is due to the support team/system that has been put in place.i have spent some time on this game obviously somewhere up in the 100+ range at this time.But literally now there is nothing i can do.My account is frozen in time..I cannot gather quest, I cannot purchase things from the auction house,I cannot leave the Ebonheart area,My mail gets endless alerts about things i purchased that have never shown,I also now get endless alerts that my stuff has expired(because it does not arrive and because i cannot touch it)..now  i am sure the list continues but my point is i have spent 2 months now trying to get any form of help..and i mean ANY.it took 2 weeks and a nasty gram just to get them to respond.followed up by the same list of ""FIXES"" 2-3 times.Each time of course insulting my intelligence by dumbing the list down further and further.Now that i finally have them ""escalating the support ticket""(whatever the hell that means to them) it has been another 2 weeks worth of waiting.i have literally heard nor seen nothing since then.i have asked for an update as to what is happening with my account several times and gotten nothing.i have tried Patient,Kind,Mean,and Venoumous reactions at this point..nothing seems to muster anything other than getting the ""FIXES"" list thrown at you again..i am now requesting a refund(not that i expect to get it but i want it put on record that this occured) and i will also be attempting to Email the CEO and or support team Executive to alert them to the ""Automated/Negligent"" treatment of paying customers.Edit: As of 8/22/2016 i was notified that the issue i have is certainly an unusual one. Support took 2.5 months but ""Philisia"" my awesome assistant ended up solving all but a couple issues. I still currently can not get any mail of any form and i still have trouble with the auction house(never get my stuff) but the rest of the game is still playable at this point..hope the rest is fixed soon but i was told all i can do at this point is submit a bug report and wait(possible questions i guess).Edit: As of 6/15/2017 i have deleted the old characters and will be beginning new ones. Far as i can tell the game now works just not for my old characters...Dissapointing but still a win i suppose."
,Recommended,306130,13823322,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,raycheung,"Very decent game, with much greater flexibility than most of the other MMO -- this game does give you the feeling of 'role-playing' which you can actually switch your role from time to time, instead of building a bunch of characters with each for a particular role."
,Recommended,306130,15000185,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,shmic,"Plated beta, could have been better. It is now."
76561198064930112,Recommended,306130,13719351,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Zik,"If you can get past the long dl/install and fact that you do have to buy a month before being able to use your free month of play, this game is actually really well made. Yes, as with any previous Elder Scrolls game, there's some bugs here and there, but im at over 30 hours of play at the moment and nothing game breaking happened to me. The game is HUGE, of course there's going to be a bit of bugs along the way. The world is gorgeous, quests are actually interesting for most of the time, unlike with others mmos. It feels a bit more like a solo RPG with real players encounters from time to time than a huge coop RPG, though, so don't expect to always be playing with your friends or other people. I'm having a lot of fun with it so far and if you liked Skyrim, it really feels like the same, improved and massively expanded game."
,Recommended,306130,13170002,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,The Galaxywalker,I just love it. I love them all. Haters gonna hate ;)
76561198082598619,Recommended,306130,13751973,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,FlamingHobo,"The best MMO I have played so far (including Runescape, WOW, SWTOR, and more). Love the combat, and the full voiced quests. Just wish there was more hotkeys for your abilities."
,Recommended,306130,13765904,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kasoi,"It's a shame that not many people play this. The game is great.You can see the most of it alone, but it is much better when you playing with someone. I had a great time running dungeons with complete strangers when I was able to find the party, which is not easy on late game stages.Worth a try anyway."
,Recommended,306130,13984595,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Brander,give this game some time and youll grow attached
,Recommended,306130,15849895,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DrRapid,Spent 10 hours playing the game still don't know what I am doing.... What are you supposed to do?Welcome to Elder Scrolls Online.
,Recommended,306130,11841559,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,good,The only Elder Scrolls game without a nudity mod.
,Not Recommended,306130,20528798,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Vertinove,"I really didn't want to believe all the reivews that it was just another generic MMO but the truth is that it is exactly a generic MMO. For crying out loud i've played better F2P MMO's, and I got this trash on sale. What makes it bad? The quests are uninteresting, the combat is grindy, the ui is terrible, customer service is unresponsive, optimization is an fps hitter even though I have specs way over minimum, the social aspect of it (chatting, guilds, etc) is garbage, everything about this game is just bad. Please don't be an idiot like me and make the same mistake of buying this. Also it's worth noting that they have a real jerk move in the game where once you download half the game on steam you have to download the other half in the launcher which took me over 2+ hours to download. What that means is before I even could tell if I liked the game or not I wasn't eligible for a refund because all my playtime was sunk into the download."
76561198159580213,Not Recommended,306130,30656354,Posted: 21 March,all,xAlienized,When is the installation issue going to be fixed??
76561198043297377,Recommended,306130,13966410,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,InfernoDrogamir,Amazing game! .. I was awaiting dissapointment but that did not happen. As an avid fan since discovering Morrowind on the original Xbox I have religiously played the games. When this came out there were mixed emotions about it. Perhaps because of the expense. But having invested in the game I feel was it was worth it. For myself personally it has the feel of all the games and something new. Despite what my game time says above.. i have played alot more hours than that!
76561198038126712,Not Recommended,306130,33221260,Posted: 4 July,all,Nitrofied,"This is a fun game to play,it is too bad they dont keep up maintanance on the server though. The ping rates reach some of the higheast I've encountered and sure bring a great game down to just a good one.When I spend the kinda money for a game like this I expect the people serving the game to keep up on maintance."
,Not Recommended,306130,28963256,Posted: 2 January,all,seganku,"Beautiful graphics and content, but absolute garbage stability/constant crashes."
76561198087371953,Not Recommended,306130,28714918,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dragon,"Do not buy!If you want to play ESO, do not buy the Steam version. If you have a problem with the game account (important since this is an online game and they lock the ESO account to the Steam one forever and you cannot change that), ESO or Steam will not help!*yep!"
,Recommended,306130,22947324,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,The_Burning_Rift,This is a really fun game. Hours of entertainment. I'm a little upset that they haven't introduced spell crafting yet but nevertheless they still removed subscription. Awesome game for any mmo or rpg fan.
,Recommended,306130,14147174,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Fuze the Ferret,"Deep story arch, semi-canon and lore friendly. I really have heard many negative things about this game, won't deny it till you try it. Once i got my hands on ESO i soon found myself, not point and clicking, but actually being immerserved in a rich combat system. IMO its the perfect blend of MMO elements and hack and slash elements we are used at seeing in most Elder Scrolls games. It doesn't feel like Skyrim, DO NOT EXPECT SKYRIM 2.0 OR SKYRIM ONLINE! That doesn't mean it is a bad game however. It is still young, so exepct some bugs. However, considering how it progressed since the beta, this should't be a problem. I really got what i paid for. In terms of what i expected, it felt like a polished version of Morrowind but online. The game play was very fun indeed. I really am not a fan of point an click MMO's. I even have a WoW account and that got old really fast. In terms of entertainment, i believe ESO is more fun than WoW simply due to the fact of its combat system and story. That said, i actually like this game!Did i mention it will be F2P by March? ;)"
76561198006288599,Not Recommended,306130,19359550,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Chiropraptor,"This is the first time Bethesda has disapointed me. I recommend to Bethesda, if you're listening. Don't let anyone else touch your work again. The graphics are fantastic like any other Bethesda game except the mountains around just look lazy. It's like the developers just didn't care. However (comma) this plays like any other MMORPG ever. I am not impressed in the least. Not only that but this game is EXPENSIVE. $60 for the game and then you have to pay more for DLC if you want to unlock Cyrodil and Orsinium. I'm giving this a 4/10"
76561198025582767,Not Recommended,306130,34477053,Posted: 25 August,all,FistfulOfZen,"I hate to give negative reviews based on technical issues that prevent me from even playing the game, but I have to make an except here. I've been trying to load the game for hours, including hours I've had to spend reading forums and making settings changes on my computer, updating other programs, etc. The game ran when I load the exe files directly, but, of course, wouldn't let me play, because it's an out of date version.So the problem is entirely the Launcher and the updater. I finally got the Launcher to load, by grabbing the Launcher from the %temp% folder, and now Steam even consistently properly launches the Launcher, but I can't log in, because it says I don't have an account, and that's where my patience runs out. I'm returning the game, and I'm just going to play the dozen new and unplayed games that install and run from Steam without the headache.While, again, I freely admit that this is a bit of a nitpick, my complaint really is simply a point of professionalism. If Bethesda and Zenimax are going to sell this game on Steam, then the bare minimum expectation is that their launcher is compatible with Steam and that when I try to log in, it shouldn't matter to them where I bought it.Sadly, it's clear that Bethesda has just gotten lazy, making pieces of buggy garbage with incredible lore that depend on a robust and UNPAID modding community to rescue from Bethesda's incompetence (Congrats, modders, you're unpaid contractors). From crash to desktop bugs when you used autosave mechanics in their games, to busted dialogue and broken items, Bethesda's unprofessionalism and mediocrity has gone on so long that they can't even write a working ""out of the box"" Steam launcher? Nope, not worth it.After hours of messing with it, I simply no longer have the interest to play this game. ESO is just going to be a game I don't play. And I think I'm done with Bethesda in general. I know, I know, Fanboys. Bethesda won't miss my money. It'll be even, I won't miss their games, either. That's how capitalism works. Win win.-Fist-"
,Recommended,306130,13763141,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Abyssal,"Game is good, what more do you want.... best mmo ive played 9/10"
,Not Recommended,306130,31248290,Posted: 19 April,all,i beat my meat to lolis,"So you are thinking about buying Elder Scrolls Online? Is this your first MMO? Are you an experienced MMO player? Do you just like the Elder Scrolls series and are looking for more? Well, allow me to disappoint you.The main storyline in many ways is interesting and a fun playthrough your first time. However, unlike many other elderscrolls, it is not something you would like to experience more than once. There are, of course, other smaller ""main"" storylines such as guilds, however they too lose their novelty after the first playthrough. However, there is the plus of the many PvE dungeons and trial content which allows the player to score on a leaderboard based on performance. If this is something you enjoy, you might have ONE reason to buy the game but there are other reason as to why you shouldn't buy the game, which i will discuss later on.In terms of PvP, it is undeniable that PvP has been a mess since release. Many aspects of the PvP were flawed and its almost as if Zenimax put no thought into whether or not everything workedSpoiler alert, this isnt the only reason as to why Zenimax is a horrible company. After the major glitches were fixed, it became bearable to play pvp. That is, untill the inevitable meta that we commonly see in games now adays took over and forced many to adapt or perish. What I mean is there were many builds such as Magick Nightblades who were forced to change their build, or level a new character. Not to mention the addition of Combat power (perks after initial 50 levels, meant to grant small bonuses, however the impact they have on whether you survive in PvP is large).This next part brings the fun.Zenimax Online Studios (ZoS for short) has absolutely no clue what they are doing with the game. They push out patches on their test server and ask for feadback from the comminity. This sounds fine, untill you realise that there are two MAJOR problems with how they do this. The first, being that they actually do not care about the opinion of the community whatsoever. The other, being that instead of small changes to something that needs nerfing or buffing, they wait 5 months at a time, and push out 50 different changes which leave us stranded to even attempt to figure out what is and isnt working.My next HUGE beef with ZoS as a company is how they so desperately try and FORCE you buy their content. In the current patch on the test server, they completely destroyed all classes in preperation for the release of the Morrowind DLC which adds the new Warden class. This brings us back to the ""adapt or perish"" meta, except now it is ""throw us 40 dollars or you might aswell not play our game.""To add to this, a HUGE reason as to why many of us ESO players pay for the 15$/month Subscription is the promise from ZoS that ALL downloadable content will be acessable to ESO+ members regardless of them owning the DLC. However, they've gone and played the legal game by calling morrowing an ""expansion"" rather than a DLC, meaning ESO+ members do not recieve access.ESO is a good game. Some of my most favorite moments in gaming have happened whilst playing this game. However like many people in the past, I can no longer play this game due to the outrageous business practices of ZoS. To play this game would mean to support them, and I cannot agree with thatAnd you shouldn't either"
,Recommended,306130,15808645,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,ManHammer,"What can i say. best mmo i have played. great story, graphics, and combat are all outstanding and a cut above the competition. coming from former guild wars 2 and tera player."
76561198023741575,Recommended,306130,14261188,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Plum,"Amazing RP Community and overall world design. The quests are always so fun to read and do. Crafting is good, but personally I find it a bit confusing. Grouped questing is getting fixed within the near future. PvP seigeing is so much fun to do with others, setting up quickly ad rolling through, I have to say I recommend this to anybody that loves to RP, PvP, or create their own character."
76561198108723897,Not Recommended,306130,28960763,Posted: 2 January,all,IrishNProud (人格）,"A warm hearted attempt to make TES an online expierence, but the game really requires an existing love for MMORPG's to enjoy. If you don't already enjoy that format of gaming, ESO will be hard to enjoy even if it attempts to step away from the common qualities of an MMORPG."
,Recommended,306130,23698250,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Donald Trump,Honestly this is a great game they added in so many walls to keep the other races out this really connects with me because they are doing what i want to do with these dirty mexicans.
76561197999917834,Not Recommended,306130,34670814,Posted: 1 September,all,Sŧiłł Ãłivę,"The game itself is good and I hadn't any trouble. But I do not recommend to buy it on steam for various reasons:1) The steam download is not up to date! After downloading ~63gb through steam the eso launcher redownloaded ~45gb and replaced the steam files. So as long as you don't have a fast connection don't buy through steam. Also if you want to test the game and refund it if you don't like it keep in mind that the launcher counts as play time. So redownloading the game reduces the time you have to play the game before you can't refund it anymore.2) When I managed to play the game it worked fine, but until now I had a problem EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. I pressed on play in steam. Some of them are directly related to steam (e.g. steam not even starting the launcher) others are issues of the launcher itself (e.g. error to download the patch manifest) which are harder to solve because of steam. For example you can bypass the launcher and therefore every issue you have with it by starting the eso.exe directly. Not so if you bought the game on steam because now you have to start it through the steam launcher, which, again, has a lot of issues.3) While searching for solutions for the issues I had I found a lot of complaints about other problems. The launcher itself has obviously a lot of problems, but there also seem to be a lot of issues related to steam besides those I experienced myself.So do yourself a favour, don't make the same mistake as I did and don't buy the game on steam. This has been the worst experience I've ever had with steam!"
,Not Recommended,306130,21757513,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Nethfea,"Liked:-Big world with a ton of stuff to do-Ability to play an Elder Scrolls themed game with friends and meet new people-You don't have to buy a subscription to be able to play this game-Community members eventually helped me out with supplies and took me through some dungeons, which was cool-""Marry"" a friend or aquaintance to gain a boost in skill learning while you two are online (or something like that, as I had bought but did not get to use this feature yet)Disliked:-Combat system-General community unfriendliness toward new players (at least, at first!)-It's pointless to not have a horse with how large the world is-Sudden change on minimum system requirements with Theives Guild DLC that renders this game completely unplayable to meself and many others (but if you read and accept the TOS and EULA you can't be too surprised)Basically, I was running this game just fine on Windows 7 with a DirectX version of 10 and personally received no warning that the DX requirement was going to jump to DX11 overnight with the Theives Guild updates.  While I enjoyed this game at the time and had gathered interest from several friends and relatives to join me in this game, I now cannot use this game until I buy a newer GPU.  I made sure to let my interested friends and relatives know about this change since we run very similar computer systems.  Due to this sudden change, they are no longer interested in purchasing this game, either.   At least I bought it on a Steam Sale and didn't get a chance to become interested in DLC or monthly subscriptions, so I'm not out a lot of money on this.   So while I liked this game for the short time I had it, I would be cautious of the future buisness practices of Zenimax."
,Not Recommended,306130,20877899,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,badnesso,"ESO is not a MMORPG its a MMOSPG (massive online single player game)-You quest alone basically if someones 10seconds behind you your on different ""sections"" of the quest and cannot help each other-you hunt alone cause together is not as benificial-everyone can craft their own gear no need for other craftersand I could go on.It feels extremely grindy for some reason and the adventure you get in Skyrim is missinf I have no idea how they managed to make such an amazing game boring.Plus side if you dont mind spending a few hundred hours lvl and gear grinding endgame pvp is pretty decent"
76561198153794681,Not Recommended,306130,28299432,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,PieMayhem,First you pay for the game for that you receive the opertunity to run arround and do comon things like picking flowers and killing some enemies.Second (optional)  pay monthly to actuly be able to enjoy the game with 80% of the content including The things mentioned aboveThird (optional) Since you payed for the game you get the opertunity to buy ingame shop currency to also make the game actuly be enjoyable...Conculsion pay play pay more to play like it should be in the first place and pay even more to enjoy the actula game.SO if you love paying simulators look no further theis is the real thing for you. Everyone else move on nothing to see here.The first elderscrols game also first  Bethesda game that I do not recomend to anyone unless they are interested to pay For everything .
76561198039990685,Recommended,306130,13256118,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,bkornpob,"The real EPIC game!It is an old-school action MMO RPG.If you like 1st-person view, this game offers you.If you are a casual player, I may not suggest you to the game.If you expect to reach the end stage of game fast, this game is not for you.ESO is not comparable to WoW; I meant, the systems of the both games are totally different.NA server experices laggy occassionally."
76561197977333084,Not Recommended,306130,31425352,Posted: 28 April,all,billyfighter,"This is just a cash grab. Without the Elder Scrolls name this would be just another crap MMO. Bad combat, boring dungeons, brings nothing new to the MMO genre, infact it's a downgrade compared to the rest. Many will want to like this game due to it being an Elder Scrolls game, but it has nothing in common besides the setting."
76561198070572729,Not Recommended,306130,19961531,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Weaponised Autism,"bought the game, downloaded the game in 3 hours, installed it. I go to play the game and its bugged and would black screen immediately. 5 hours of troubleshooting and choosing the repair option (which did nothing but waste time), at 2 in the morning i finally get this game going by adding some strings in the UserSettings.txt file which was originally missing when i installed. Game starts, nice cut-scene, first level doesnt load and im kicked for inactivity. Terribly done. Will never buy from zenimax again but i will keep trying to play the game and if i dont manage to, i will refund and buy a working game."
76561198064145397,Recommended,306130,13215953,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Chilaca,"The first thing I would like to address is everyone complaining ""This just isn’t like an elder scrolls game"" To them I say No, it’s not, How many other elder scrolls games are mmos? Oh yeah none. So no, it’s not going to be like any other elder scrolls game. The fact that it is a mmo throws that out the window, but, that’s not to say this game is bad, it’s just a little different. This game is fantastic in my opinion, yes it’s different, and that is to be expected but that does not make it bad. With all of its flaws this game is still an amazing mmo, it is unlike anything out there right now and that is fantastic. It’s not just another WoW clone, it’s something new and it brings a lot of new elements not found in other mmos to the table. I would say, go right ahead, buy it. Who knows, maybe you will share my feelings."
,Recommended,306130,15881972,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Beeno,"Well, I recently purchased this game since it has been released as a buy to play model. I am going to keep this short and sweet.I followed this game for the year that it was out and decided against it. The reason's I chose to not get the game were due to the terrible reviews and supposedly they veered away from the original Elder Scrolls gameplay. (No stealing, pick pocketing, killing villagers. The stuff you play Elder Scrolls for.)This caused me to not think about the game for a good six months.Two major new systems have been implemented in this update: The Justice System and The Champion System. With Justice, crime has come to the once-friendly streets of Tamriel's cities. You can now become a wanted criminal, sneaking, stealing, and even murdering your way through the world. But be careful—the guards can and will seek to punish you if your crimes are witnessed.The Champion System gives players with Veteran characters a new way to gain power. Once you have a Veteran Rank character on your account, you'll start earning Champion Points, which you can invest in a variety of new passive abilities.That's not all Update 6 has to offer! they've completely overhauled provisioning. You'll notice new recipes and much more inventory space as a result of our updating and streamlining. There's also a new way to keep track of your mounts, pets, and costumes: the Collections Window because you can access everything you've earned through the new UI at any time.That basically covers the biggest changes since the buy to play change. Since all the updates it genuinely feels like its single-player predecessors rather than a cookie cutter MMO, and that in itself is enough to draw me back into the game for many, many more hours!10/10, this game is a must buy now!"
76561197998623764,Recommended,306130,12694485,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Muffin,"Take it for what it is and don't expect a new Skyrim or Oblivion and you'll fall in love in a heartbeat. It has its ups and downs like every other game out there, but for a freshly created MMORPG it's simply wonderful, and I look forward to see it evolve and grow over the upcoming years."
,Recommended,306130,11902385,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Finalhour300,"before the elder scrolls purists start up their no positve eso votes regime understand that i highly recomend this game as an mmo not as an elder scrolls game, as an mmo it's like a breath of fresh air in a world of the same ui for every single game.the combat is revolutanary in the mmo genre, the story is good, the voice acting is sort of bad at times and you can still go almost anywhere (admitedly i miss the world that levels with you). yes 15 dollars is alot of money to add onto a 60  dollar game which is ludicrous so buy the game on sale, your 15 dollars keeps the servers running and encourages new eso contentto me it is an mmo with elder scrolls ellements which while not as was intended makes it actually look very good, no it dosen't match up to it's elder scroll predecesors but it in my opinion is a good mmo so farp.s its actually quite a bit simpler to install the game with the bethesda installer instead of the steam installer"
76561198097006431,Not Recommended,306130,11758497,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,normanator1717,"I dont really like this game.I love all of the actual Elder Ecrolls games and I knew that this one would be different from them. I just dont like the MMO portion of the game because its kind of laggy, which has gotten better since I first got the game but it still gets really annoying. The graphics are just ok and I haven't ever felt like I need to play this game like it's an additiction as I had with Skyrim.A year later, going back tplay it was still the same. Automatically logged out within 5 minutes. My character was killed before I knew I was dead. I really dislike the need for an internet connection for this game. Although it has Elder Scrolls in the name, it is not an Elder Scrolls game by far, so I'm going to play a real one by Bethesda and have fun not needing an internet connection."
76561198052730969,Recommended,306130,15681797,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,8Man,"choose warrior class, use staff all the time. good game 11/10"
,Not Recommended,306130,23414986,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Ham the Terrible,Imagine a gimped out WoW with downsyndrome and microtransaction hell.  That is Elder Scrolls Online.  The only thing that's Unlimited is the amount of microtransactions you'll have to pay for to make this game feel anything like a playable game.  Otherwise you'll feel almost like you're behind a paywall.
76561197962549829,Not Recommended,306130,12794045,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,evertarz,"More like Guild Wars 2 with a Tamriel setting. I have played 142 hours. Would love it if it was more like Skyrim, with a Companion and Joystick Controls."
76561198097112090,Not Recommended,306130,24183659,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,JoJoke,">Updates>Game forgot username>Was planing on puting it on paper, but too late for that>go to website>try to sign in>forgot I used fake name, so cant get new UserID>uses ""Sign in with Steam"" option>Signs in>""You must first purchase a game before logging in."">I have 47 Hours on this game>mfw"
76561198051831438,Recommended,306130,16923809,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,KiwiArcher,Enjoyable game - reasonable graphics - lots of quests and side chains. very customazable charachters. Purchased montly sub as I enjoyed it so much!  great way to encourage subscribers.
76561198278551356,Recommended,306130,29760726,Posted: 7 February,all,Sonic Scorpion,i absolutely love this game i play it on xbox one religously so i thought i would give it a try on my new com... and i haven't been dissappointed. A slight issue at the start trying to get the game to install but once that was fixed my time on here has been awesome
76561197992604164,Recommended,306130,29286641,Posted: 15 January,all,C1rcuit,"Immserve, complex, and gorgeous (with the right system specs). This is my first delve (haha!) into the Elder Scrolls catalogue and it's a doozy. Fans of MMORPGs will love the complexity and replayability of this title. It's super fun just to get to the level cap, and then the game really takes off."
,Recommended,306130,19982794,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,(JET FUEL) FuhrerPapaFreedom,"While I do recommend this the steam version crashes when I log in so I had to download the non-steam launcher, just a warning to those thinking of buying this."
,Recommended,306130,25880213,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Unregistered Hypercam 2,Like Skyrim with people.
,Recommended,306130,27033191,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jamie,"Elder Scrolls Online is very reminiscent of its predecessors and heaps of fun with friends. However there are some of the smaller features missing and the game can be bland without the company of others.Despite this, there's heaps of new features, weapons and abilities to experience and enjoy and an interesting story and multitude of side quests to complete to keep yourself company."
,Recommended,306130,19927641,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,OB1KaBooby,"Super fun, u wont regret buying this game, if u like Skyrim then you will love this game1000+ side quests, u will never be bored, there will always be something to do.This game is just awesome and i love it and im sure that u will love it aswell"
76561198041390436,Recommended,306130,19907267,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bonko,"Great game, if you were ever a fan of skyrim.. this ones for you"
76561197993399611,Recommended,306130,19920595,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,.iko,"It's pretty good.I can't evaluate how good or bad the game was on launch, but as a current action-RPG/MMO, it's a really solid, fun game. It's a 50/50 mix of elder scrolls elements and themepark MMO elements. The game has something of a bad reputation, I think in part because a lot of people were somehow expecting a multiplayer Elder Scrolls game. It's definitely not that, but it's also not quite a paint-by-numbers MMO. It places a surprising amount of emphasis on exploration and character building, when the genre has mostly been overtaken by bland, unadorned skinner boxes.I've played a few action RPG's and action-MMO's (like Neverwinter, Guild Wars 2), and I'd say this is easily the best of the bunch, by a wide margin. The storytelling is very basic and shallow in that typical MMO way, but the world has a surprising amount of atmosphere and character.I have _no idea_ if the endgame for this is any good. It probably isn't. But it's a great action-RPG with a lot of content, that doesn't require a subscription. I had a lot of fun. It's a real shame the game never took off, whatever reasons those were. A really refreshing game."
76561198216341545,Recommended,306130,28501795,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,cellojames,"This game is really great. I've had some server problems, but overall i've enjoyed it, and played it a ton more than any of my other games."
,Recommended,306130,27569027,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DCVertigo,"Played the Beta a lot, was upset to hear that they planned for a subscription but made up to see it free, just a shame i lost my characters at some point, got randomly deleted with no reasoning to why! But overall this game is addictive and fun as hell, i mean, ITS ELDER SCROLLS BUT MMO! What is not to like about that.The Crafting does seem almost pointless though... also too easy."
,Recommended,306130,27994625,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,「　　」,"Great game for anyone who likes mmo's and rpg's. The whole system of skills and character traits is very flexible as many different combinations of roles and play styles can be mixed. There are no set roles for each class, which allows you to create your very own unique character. The story , like any other Elder Scrolls game is very immersive in its lore and stuff. Another thing is the player's choices has an impact on the story line and also on what kind of character you want to be. You'll neveer get bored of this game because there are SO MANY quests, side quests and places to explore."
76561198096110017,Recommended,306130,20341577,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Jop,I like
76561198061862688,Recommended,306130,27366766,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PinheadLarry,"Any negative reviews for this game are only about the bad customer support or before the patched the game.With all the new patches I personally like the game.Think of an MMO but with so much more meaningful things to do, like in some MMO's  you get professions but they dont feel worth it you do them for fun or one certain reward or achievement.But in this game professions feel powerful and actually worth my time, with all the things you can do in this game and an amazing storyline.Game has many unique featuresThe DLC shadow guild or something like that adds stealth missions that are so fresh and fun and truly change the way the game is played for that particular DLC. It is so unique that i cant recal any recent MMO's doing. You can go from doing a dungeon to a stealth mission to crafting a new powerful weapon, super fresh feelingI know this review is sorta all over the place but i see so many negative reviews that only complain about two things the old game and customer support, old game wasnt great but it has been patched and customer support isnt awful they helped me in under 48 hours.Overall Great game, great pick up to add to any collection.Gameplay: 8/10Sound: 10/10(im a sucker for fantasy music)Story: 8/10 (at the part im at atleast)The other stuff: 8/10OVERALL: 8.2/10final thoughts: With so much to do i feel like im truly playing an elder scrolls game with the added beift of other players."
,Recommended,306130,23222849,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,EJoftheVern,First off buy it on amazon. In the UK it is going for £5. Steam is a ripoff. However that being said the game is great. I have never played an MMO before and only spent 7 hours in skyrim so all in all I was knew to this kind of game but I have to say ive had a great experience. It is really fun if you can get a friend to buy the game as you can then work through missions together and work as a unit levelling up and doing the story. It is very enjoyable and can feel like you are achieving these missions together.
,Recommended,306130,27624011,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Otamers64,10/10 best mmo i ever play so far
76561198087169198,Recommended,306130,18193648,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Gsquared,"At first I didn't like this game because I didn't get a good first impression (and I spent $80 just to get a copy. Long story). I see its charm now that I have played it a little bit, but I'm still only playing it for the story.Pros:The graphics are beautiful, even on lower settings.It's interesting to play an Elder Scrolls game before the third era. It allows more freedom in the lore and gives a new perspective of it.The voice acting is great for the most part.Crafting things is more in-depth and enjoyable.You can explore about half of Tamriel. I really want the creators to add more provinces to explore, but something like this couldn't be done in previous ES games except for Arena.I like the story.The character creation is much more in-depth and allows more unique characters than in previouls ES games.Cons:I don't like the MMO elements, and I believe that this game would be much better off as a singleplayer game (that's just my opinion; I don't really like MMOs in general). Then again, it would be pretty hard to make enough NPCs to fill in the gaps that other players do.The DLC is bullcrap. You're telling me I need to PAY to play the Thieve's Guild and Dark Brotherhood questlines, quests that have previoulsy been free? Not a chance."
,Recommended,306130,28345594,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,zevon[mx],"Me two weeks ago ""Im so going to play and enjoy this game""Me today: ""Oh look another 10h maintenance"""
76561198095689051,Recommended,306130,20033497,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Time Love Dreams Death ▲▲▲,Just entering the tavern and hearing that beutyfull bard song is worth the price
,Recommended,306130,26757890,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,luna,"Probably the best 10$ i've picked up. However, dont go into this game thinking it will be like an online skyrim. It is not. Even if it has The Elder Scrolls in its title, it is not a traditional elder scrolls game. Its an MMO based in the world of the elder scrolls. Expect to grind. A lot. It is a damn good mmo though, so if your into that type of shoite get this.Pros:Absolutely massive world. Generally takes me 20-30 minutes to go from one edge of one of the areas to the other edge. And theres like 40 areasHugely detailed world as well.A lot of effort went into the voices. Most of them are very high quality, except for a few (looking at you Onuja!!!)Cons:A lot of grinding (typical of an mmo but whatebs)Kinda hard to get into at firstOverall, this is a brilliant pickup if your a fan of mmos and even if your not. Great mmo to get into and im gonna probably end up with like 1000 hours in this beauty"
76561198039483107,Recommended,306130,27939205,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sarkubocael,"Not as good as oblivion, but far better than skyrim, atleast that's what i think. The thieves guild and dark brotherhood expansions are awesome, and its a first mmo im actually playing in 1st person rather than 3rd person. Overall id reommended atleast trying the game, when its on discount its worth the price."
76561198063043332,Recommended,306130,30380436,Posted: 7 March,all,Notorious L.I.N.C.O.L.N.,"What is so great about this game, for me, is that it doesn't really have to be played as an MMO. You can enjoy playing through the story by yourself and there's plenty to fight as just one dude. I was missing Skyrim pretty bad and I ended up probably enjoying this even more. Those who dig on Thieves' Guild and Dark Brotherhood stuff will be more than satisfied.There's a fair amount that's literally impossible to fight through alone, group dungeons and killing fields - but it's in the minority of junk to do. And the local chat features make it easy to coordinate with people quickly for a one-time deal, even if you have joined zero guilds."
,Recommended,306130,20276454,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,King McTavich,"Edit:I will keep this short.I see a ton of people yelling on the forums and on the steam community saying that; ""this game is trash"", ""this game won't work"", ""crashing/loading sim 2015(2016)"". Personally I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ they are talking about. I have only EVER had one crash in this game, and it was because i installed a faulty mod (so it was not even the games fault). Also i have an i5 running windows 10... and if i can run it flawlessly, you sure as hell can too.In summary; this is a very good game that is worth your money and your time, and a good 99% of the people complaining that this game is not working for them are either trying to run this on a potato or have done something to ♥♥♥♥ up the game (possibly without even knowing it). I would definitely recommend this game to everyone who like MMOs or the Elder Scrolls games. Now here is my old review.Pre Edit:I love this game.In the few hours I have played so far (as I am writing this review) i have:Lost my soulEscape hellSeek revengeSave my giant friendBecome a werewolfGet a group of 20 people to absolutely ♥♥♥♥ over a dungeonGet in a player made strip clubGet kicked out of a player made strip clubStart a mobGet in an argument with a vampireWin an argumentPunched a tiger so hard it diesKilled a family of trollsRode around on the back of a leopardBought a pet dogAnd lastly I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off god!This game does not have as many bugs at people would like you to think, in fact its quite well made and well put together. The MMO aspect of this game is very smooth and runs well most of the time (some times there are servers issues but its understandable). I Bought this game on sale for 20 ish bucks and it was worth way more then every penny. Hell is it worth more than 70$ (but if it was over 70$ it would start becoming money hungry). But I am rambling, to sum it up its a good game with lots of fun, lots of lore, and lots of people to share said experience.PS: Try not to join dagger fall, it is the most underpopulated area in the game."
,Recommended,306130,23487445,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,outfctrl,"I bought the game on sale then went to the website and created an account. Signed up for premium immediately. I always do that when an mmorpg is free to play.  I hate limitations.So far I am really enjoying the game.  I found it a little difficult to do some of the quest by myself. I just go to a lower area and grind some. I don't have allot of time to play since I work almost 11 hours a day, but the time I do play, it's fun.Graphics are really nice and very smooth gameplay. If you like to solo, get ready for a long haul. This doesn't bother me because I enjoy exploring and learning the mechanics.  Crafting is a little difficult. Starting to learn enchanting.Give it a try if you have lots of time.  You will need it."
,Recommended,306130,30409422,Posted: 9 March,all,Coolbreon,"Great game, If you would want to play an MMORPG but you don't wanna pay the price every month, this is the game for you. It has great graphics ( for it's time ) good quests, and you can install add-ons.[ 8/10 Didn't play too much :) ]"
,Recommended,306130,24104643,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SchwiftyNix,"Easily my favorite MMO's. I don't usually play MMO's that often, there are about two or three I actually enjoy. But this one is by far my favorite. It's a blast to play with friends and travel across all of Tamriel. Settings are great, scenery is beautiful and feels just like and Elder Scrolls game. A must buy if a fan of the series, or just looking for that one great MMO!"
,Recommended,306130,17140146,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Penny,"Easily one of the best MMOS in my opinion. Thanks primarily to the gameplay. The combat is like Skyrim's but with MMO powers and abilities. No clicking on an enemy to target it, you have to actually aim most attacks. Sneaking and stealth isn't something you see alot of in MMOS and i'm glad this one has it. The quests aren't your typical boring fetch and kill this many things quests, Though there is some fetching involved. I have yet to come across a kill a certain amount of things quest.Being a fan of TES lore, this game had me worried, and still does a little bit, but so far its better then expected. I mean, given the prejudice Argonians, Dunmer, and Nords have against eachother, it seems so highly unlikely that they would form an alliance, same with the orcs and bretons, but the game makes an effort of showing the prejudice and tension between races, suggesting alliances were formed out of necessity.Easily the worst part of this game for me, was the download time. It took 19 hours for the game to download from steam, and then the launcher had to download the rest of it, which I don't know how long it was, because it ran waaay off into the night and I didn't bother staying up and waiting for it.Even more annoyingly, I am on the American servers, and I have a friend who plays on the European servers. If I want to change servers to play with my friend, I have to wait through another excruciatingly long download for reasons I cannot comprehend.What I would suggest is to attempt to optimize loading times, if possible completely remove the download necessary to play on a different server, and add a facesculptor to the game.Overall, I give this game a 9/10, I can completely recommend it. To everyone who made this game, I erect the spine of gratitude"
,Recommended,306130,17166500,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,🌌 Ormill 🌌,I honestly have to say I thought this game would be complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it is not. The only con  I have came across is a rom loading bug where rooms dont load completely at first. The only other thing that was a con but may have just been my comp was extremely bad waiting times when first starting the game to make a chracter and when changing graphics settings.
76561198273627017,Recommended,306130,30200275,Posted: 26 February,all,¨Squád¨ Pita,"Great game!, An amazing mmorpg experience with great graphics too! will be so much fun for people that likes to adventure and find them selves solving puzzles and riddles!I would've rated it 8.5/10 !"
76561198155119356,Recommended,306130,23036047,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,esiptor,"a great game with a lot of stuff to do, fun alone and even more with friends and very fun to explore tamriel"
,Recommended,306130,23992735,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Spi7x,"I like the minigames that need some skill, I like the way you learn and get xp to level up without grinding through mobs on quests, I like the overall experience and so far so good... already had good expectations with the beta and even thought there was a lot of negative feedback after launch it seems pretty polished and stable right now, but still I only have a couple of hours playing it. Might refresh this when I have some more experience with end game content.Edit: the game really pays off to those which are dedicated... you are free to gather everything and interact with pretty much anything... as you get better you get more feedback from the world and skill plays an important role.I really like how they made this into some MMORPG without losing the feel... it does seem well balanced and able to fit many different tastes.All I've ever hoped when first played the single player version games from Elder Scrolls.Update:I still like it! I like the mechanics, I like the skill needed, I like the small games inside it.There are interesting characters, story and an amazing community...if you can grab this in a sale it is gold! you have plenty of options and dlc's are not that big deal if you don't want to spend all the money at the same time.Might need some small changes for a better communication and social structure..it might not fit the regular mmorpg player or the starter/newcomer."
76561198026772215,Recommended,306130,30908592,Posted: 2 April,all,TK,"After hearing so many negative comments after the 2014 launch, I avoided this game like the plague. I've always been a huge Elder Scrolls fan, but had no desire to invest more time into yet another brain dead MMORPG. 3 years later that all changed with Tamriel Unlimited. Apparrently the developers got busy and corrected some of their mistakes, the end result being a polished immersive experience that unshackles the player from typically MMO trappings. Love the quests, dungeons, and world, which is beautiful I might add."
,Recommended,306130,20133879,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,UltimaQuazar,"--FULL REVIEW [TLDR at the bottom]--This game has given me a new found appreciation of the MMO genre, it seems like this game was their love child and put most of their efforts into making it feel openworld and immersive.The music was the most astonishing thing to me. I was inside a tavern to complete a quest when I heard a bard start singing, it put me in the game. Made me feel like I was right there in Tamriel. The ambiance is also enhanced with the normal exploration music as in all the past games.The crafting and skill evolution seems natural and quite realistic. They enhance abilities and seem like realistic evolutions of people of that skill set. If you try and craft for a while then you will be more capable of seeing the landscape and locating the choice resources. This also follows true with weapons and class based skills.The game does have an ingame shop which uses currency derived from real world currency but it does not give head way to the paying players.The advantages of sinking money in the game are as follows:-Less grinding for mounts (Cash mounts)-Less grinding for levels (Experience boosters)-Cosmetics-DLC (normally once you get to end game everyone tends to buy this)-One optional race (given if DLC is bought)The major Con that I have for this game is that it tends to feel repedative and kind of fades into the back of your mind if you do not have anything major to pull you to play. If you normally go into games without any goals in mind then this game may not be for you, as you may find it boring.TLDR; This game is great for the buy. If you want a game that is both immersive and functional and not pay to win, if you want some thing akin to Eve Online without the learning curve, this game may be for you. Not a WoW killer but it is a great game none the less."
76561198103658448,Recommended,306130,20025578,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,CoolHandLuke140,"I would recommend this to all lovers of the elder scrolls series. It has much of the qualities and aspects of the previous games while also adapting to be a MMO. I love the questlines and stories the game has to offer, and the environment feels like an Elder Scrolls game. Definitely buy this game, and try all three alliances, because each has a unique story and feel to offer."
,Recommended,306130,22208680,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ashes,"It's honestly not horrible. The game however doesn't hold up to Skyrim, the system of spells and quests is a little wonky. The graphics aren't really any better than Skyrim, and ontop of all that there are minor things that just kill it.-Armor no matter the kind slows you down in no way.-The combat is repetetive and very lacking-Enemies have the most limited AI I've seen for a while.Those are just a few pet peeves of mine but they're very noticeable. The things that also get on my nerves they almost got right.-Weapons and armor take damage only when you die, it should be hard work to keep your gear in good shape.-Spells and skills, it's not a horrible system but it needs work.Apart from those few things I only have good things to say.*Character creation, it's by far one of most expansive-evening allowing you to adjust height.*Story line, while I'm not very far in the story I've enjoyed it so far.*Dialogue is clear and immersive for the most part, there are a few occasions where it's not.That's my personal take on the game. It's not for everyone and honestly I haven't played in a while and it's failed to draw me back. I am a die hard bethesda fan and I understand that online games like ESO are hard to get right, but they could improve if they listened to their fans. So I recommend the game, but keep in mind it may not be for you."
,Recommended,306130,18130986,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Fat Noob,A great MMORPG game.This is the next big MMORPG . You need to try this game if you enjoy MMORPG
76561198092533012,Recommended,306130,23511401,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Delro,"this is NOT an elder scrolls game, it is a MMO RPG set in the world of Tamriel. Keep that mindset and this game will be amazing.The game is a vast landscape with tons of content and places to explore."
76561198159621692,Recommended,306130,24770409,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,jaksgemailz,"This game is fairly good, not really a walk around and do what you want game but its good but i must say i feel like it has F***ed me because its used 79 GIG of my Broadband, in other words its used $80 worth of internet and the game cost $34.Its an enjoyable game though....."
,Recommended,306130,24737937,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,RU,"Awesome game, been playing for a few weeks now. This is one of those games which will assure that your money is well spent. Overall graphics is good, questline well planned and good, dungeons challenging and fun, guild system refreshing. Leveling, however, takes quite a while but do not let this halt your decision of enjoying a good game!"
76561198166337677,Recommended,306130,24735967,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Bean from the hood (trading),"Don't download on steam it is a waste of time, I wasted 4 hours of downloading and still isn't fully downloaded. Go to the ESL website and download from there it is now taking the time im downloading and saying im playing when im not, so if i dont like it the game will say I have played too long to refund."
76561198066065046,Recommended,306130,24077639,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Derpboy,If you love mmorpg's you would love this game the exploration the combat easter egg from the other elder scroll games and much more
,Recommended,306130,24080566,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,RippinFatGnar,Bought this game a while ago on aanother account. bought it for my main account because it was onl sale. This game is definatly worth the buy especially since it is on sale. I would say that this game is 100x better when you have friends to play with. Gameplay is mazing and you never run out of things to do.
76561198296216236,Recommended,306130,24077551,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nezkeys,"If you are expecting this to be an online version of Morrowind/Oblivion you will be disappointed. I don't really feel like I am playing an Elder Scrolls game but having said that the game itself is very addictive in my opinion.Pros:The graphics are beautiful.Free to play.Huge non linear world with an insane amount of quests to do spanning the whole tamriel regionChoices (albeit minor ones) that affect the outcome of each questGood controller supportBank. A shared deposit box for all your charactersA Craft Bag which has unlimited storage (only on ESO+ membership)Growth Customization. You have complete control over what you level up, when you level it, and where you distribute your attribute and skill points. Abilities also have two morphs at certain stages so it really gives you the feel you are tailoring your buildCons:Two hotbars which contain only 5 abilities each + an ultimate. I would prefer to have access to all my abilities Like in Final Fantasy 14 for example.Isn't really an Elder Scrolls gameUnless you beg people to join a Guild you will probably never be in oneIt doesn't have the same community feel as say something like Final Fantasy XI or Final Fantasy 14 and you will see a lot of people with questionable names that make them look like a high school kid. Also there are quite a few trolls in the /zone chatOverall I rate this game 8/10 even if it isn't a true elder scrolls game and would definitely recommend it for fans of mmorpgs."
,Recommended,306130,24099679,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Xeos Celeres,"Remarkable difference since it first launched. The game is actually fun! Didn't feel like a grind, was immersed and took my time laying back with my controller. Story and voice acting is good!Only critical cons are:1. The engine isn't really optimised but there are some technical tweaks to improve it - smooth framerates, remove 30FPS cap (SLI), and high res textures.2. Not made with SLI in mind.3. No polearms!"
,Recommended,306130,23551014,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,eiglow_,"If you can get through the high price, very long download (>65gb including updates that the launcher downloads), and hassle of setting up an account, you are rewarded with a quite amazing game.If you're expecting a multiplayer Skyrim like game, don't, because that's not what this game is. While it is similar to Skyrim in some aspects, a lot of the mechanics have changed, graphical styles are different, and there are many features in place to optimise the game for MMO gameplay.Warning: this game is highly addictive. If you start playing for a bit, don't be surprised if all of a sudden 2 hours have passed."
,Recommended,306130,23836857,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,D4RT,"First thing I have seen was 54 GB download .... Then it took me 3 hours to install ... Then I launched the game, I thought it would suck .... But oh My God...... I can't stop playing it0-0 Awersome !!!! Totally worth it !!!! So much fun !!! Open world with bunch of awersome quests and amazing voiced characters who you start to love as the game goes through the story and cry when they die.... Epic combat... Lots of loot and customization .... #bestMMOever"
76561198100056372,Recommended,306130,24105672,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MystRaven,"very good MMORPG , buy if it sale"
76561198049897458,Recommended,306130,24107402,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Pain_kk,"This game is just way too good to not play in this life time. variety of stuff to do. You never run out of quests or things to do. PvE and PvP both are awesome. With all new DLCs coming in, this game is just expanding . Great community ,a lot of players willing to help. Loved the fellow players and the game. Hoping to get the  ""build own house"" feature soon"
76561198089921627,Recommended,306130,23487464,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Rebellinq,"Played all of the Elder Scrolls Games and They are all different and this one is no different.Nothing Like SkyrimNothing Like OblivionNothing Like MorrowindIts a MMORPG and the best one going10/10 Best Elder Scrolls Game by FARHowever, i got this on release and since then all prices have gone down. Got a rubbish dog for 500 crowns. Now you can get Horse,Dog,Potions,Repairs,Armour for the same price but still10/10"
,Recommended,306130,30875947,Posted: 1 April,all,Twitch.tv/LoliVape,So as i write this i have 67 hours in game and have only owned it for what is going on to the 4th day. I am champion level 86 and have 130k. I jave not seen anybody irl in days. I have an addiction problem and i need help. Please save me. In the 4 days i have spent almost 200$ on crowns to buys houses with plans to buy more. This game has me hooked and i need to be saved before i get devoured.
76561198049957490,Recommended,306130,30845456,Posted: 30 March,all,Mr.Bold,"When I first looked at this game a few years ago, all the trouble that came with it turned me away. I have played through every Elder Scrolls game, and decided to take another look. I am really glad I did. With all the areas to explore and all the quests to do, I think they really turned this into a great game, I cant stop playing it. (help me)But I would recommend this game. If you can get past the asking price. If your an Elder Scrolls fan, I say it's worth it."
76561198024300131,Recommended,306130,30866250,Posted: 31 March,all,Leke,great game loved it
,Recommended,306130,19591860,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,LoganIsNotCool,"Game is overall great, not as much as I expected but is still fun to play and pass time. Also, It has  no shouting, so yeah."
,Recommended,306130,23900518,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Riven4s,Great MMO! Not too grindy but not too simple either. Pretty much skyrim with multiplayer except way way way more to do and more in depth classes. You can casually go about it or go super in depth to synergize skills and traits. Definitly would recomend!
76561198043224460,Recommended,306130,24153603,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,VooDooPUPPET87,Didnt like the game at first witch was months ago. Started a new charecter as mage and love it
76561198015245012,Recommended,306130,24171548,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Xunlai,Great game for fans of the Elder scrolls games.
,Recommended,306130,23764101,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Papa_Pinguino,"Before I begin, I must get this off my chest.This game is made by ZENIMAX! For those who are constantly complaining that it isn't like all the other Elder Scrolls games, you are right. TO A POINT! Yes, the Elder Scrolls games previously were single-player games. However, when you see Elder Scrolls ONLINE as well as tags that say MMO; that means it's going to be different. This game is different from many other MMOs in terms of combat and overall questing. So for someone to get angered that this game isn't a ""good MMO,"" you just haven't tried one like this. If you are a real fan of the Elder Scrolls series you would support this game, regardless of what type of game it may be.Now, for the actual review. This game has kept me interested since the original launch. I didn't pick it up until this last Christmas, however, because of the numerous reports of bugs. Once I did start playing I haven't been able to put it down,  because this is exactly what I want in my MMOs. I have played WoW and just didn't feel a connection like the one I have formed for ESO. The community, as small as it may be, is so relaxed and friendly that I enjoy logging in everyday.  I absolutely love this game and will continue to support it because I am interested in what Zenimax has planned for the future. Am I dissapointed that it isn't a single-player like Skyrim? Yes, but until another game comes out; I am very happy with playing this."
76561198085765845,Recommended,306130,23641900,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,새진 오투문가,"The game has come along way since the beta which is when i played the most in.Pros:1.amazing story, the game will immerse you in this and it will make you want to do at least 1 playthrough the build up toward the boss is amazing and is not a let down when you fight him.2.Lore, its elder scrolls lore so ye enough said.3.content, holy crap tons of content and its all voice acted which is amazing!Cons:1.Feeling like you have to pick this race cause powers, i hate that certain races have this or that id like to be able to build around with all clases into one race personally like a elder scroll game and even most modern mmos.2.Very few classes, the game simply has 4 classes im sorry i get you will argue that you can mix alot into them but guild wars 2 and many other modern mmos do the same with more than 4, for me personally i would love to see more.3.dungeon finders seem to still not work? Idk if this is 100% true but even in beta and just recently i tried again, the dungeon group finders seem to either not work at all or take 2 hours to find one, you're better off finding a guild or waiting for some people at the undaunted place to get players. (least in the brovenant)4.optimization, its terribly crazy terrible im sorry but the fact is u cant even run this game on anything but high otherwise the game looks like the sun a very pixel sun and it hurts, it would be nice if players could play on even medium without their eyes burning away from the particles.Short and sweet only posted this to maybe improve the game sense i see it still hasnt been optimized even now from beta..... also the load times and the patch lengths are pretty insane probably the biggest in mmo history."
76561198080618260,Recommended,306130,23661600,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,davethelorax,"ESO is an excellent game. It's graphics are well done and it has a lot of good story lines, but even this game has a problem. It is very hard to get past level 15 without a friend to help. It is possible, but you should expect to die... a lot."
,Recommended,306130,18151916,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Bishey,"Great game with lots of things to do. Combat feels better than previous elder scrolls games, online aspect feels like the center of the game rather than being tacked on in something like Dark Souls. Overall very enjoyable."
76561198073729101,Recommended,306130,20749911,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Baria,Good game
76561197991800124,Recommended,306130,30751586,Posted: 26 March,all,Goblin King,As a person who likes solo play and does not care for group raids PvP etc this game has it all just keep playing total free roaming quests galore I am a subscriber but you can play this game free and still level to max the voice acting is great as all the quests.The real joy is the server (EU) is packed with people and yet you can wonder around in solo play and have so much fun it is a busy World filled with Real people who are busy having there own adventures you really get the feel you are on an epic Quest.On a final note The housing is an Awesome add on to the game which again is free you just pick up the quest from the crown store but be warned if you want a good house you will need to make lots of Money in game to afford the nice housing all in all best online game I ever played after leaving WoW 3 years ago 10/10
76561198070303474,Recommended,306130,30744057,Posted: 25 March,all,Wreckless,having a lot of fun with this game
,Recommended,306130,23030790,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,gjFhEYs+,"My only recommendation is DO NOT LAUNCH THE GAME FROM STEAM.The launcher tends to crash or fail if you do so quite a bit, just start from the launcher itself."
76561197974508423,Recommended,306130,20149774,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,tersbetoni,"Them hours.Its a great game, has it flaws sure, but it kept me playing and most of the time i enjoyed myself.Right now i dont feel like playing, but i guess its normal."
76561198299041494,Recommended,306130,29573300,Posted: 29 January,all,Alayas,I LOVEE THIS GAME! Its probably the best game i have ever played!The grahpics and sound is amazaing ! you should check it out
,Recommended,306130,32905494,Posted: 27 June,all,issafly,"I've play a good number of MMORPGs from Ultima Online and WoW to some that I can't even remember the names of. Every one that I've ever played left me with a long of list of things I'd change to make the perfect game. Elder Scrolls Online comes the closest to that list of any game I've played. Ever.I've also been a big fan of The Elder Scrolls series from way back with Arena and Daggerfall. Skyrim is one of my all-time favorite games, and I'd wanted that same feel in an MMO game since it first came out.Some of the things I LOVE about  ESO:Enormous open world.Balanced PVP system where you don't have to worry about greifers ganking you endlessly at every turn.Rich narrative with hundreds (thousands?) of stories and fully voiced interactions.A resource and economic system that encourages trading and participation, rather than hording, grinding, and taking advantage of each other.A guild system that reflects the cooperative economic system.Simple but effective skill/leveling system.Free-to-play, but with plenty of DLC so you'll never run out of things to do.Free-to-play, but not pay to win. Crown store items might help you look cool or go up in level faster, but they won't help you win a fight. ;)I seriously can't say enough good things about this game, the world it's created, and the people who play it."
,Recommended,306130,32277170,Posted: 8 June,all,ŴǾĿƑƁȐǼM҉,"10/10, would recommend.  I personally am having a great time on this game (Morrowind), and I like the well-paced quests and how you have so many more of them to do while you are going for another quest.  This is a great open-world RPG game, and I think it looks really good if you turn up the graphics.- WolfBream"
,Recommended,306130,32268216,Posted: 8 June,all,talulajadeuk,"Lover of this game badly. Best thing I ever done was playing this game, always an adventure and I meet some amazing people all over the world who have become some very good friends too"
76561197994101701,Recommended,306130,32272694,Posted: 8 June,all,ℵ₀,The game has really improved significantly in terms of content and is much more enjoyable than it was near-launch.
76561198043019280,Recommended,306130,28103328,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,El Macaco,"Great game, i mean, great game. Some friends bought it while ago but i didn't think it would be worth it. I couldnt be more wrong, i've enjoyed every last minute of it and plan to keep doing it."
76561198059928921,Recommended,306130,32438592,Posted: 15 June,all,Nashcat,This is great! I love how you can go anywhere and do anything. It is hard to find people to team up with for the harder quest. It is beautiful. Love it
,Recommended,306130,32810525,Posted: 26 June,all,[KoJ] Godfrey,"The graphics in ESO are the best graphics in any MMO to date. ESO is also the easiest MMO to get into as it does not require hours of grinding to be viable in PvP. The game offers variation in both classes, skills and side quests. I strongly recommend this game to both Elder Scrolls fans as well as MMORPG fans."
76561197998051565,Recommended,306130,32623184,Posted: 21 June,all,Dickbong,"This is a really good short term online RPG. Great for wow fans that wanted something different, not really time consuming at all and it has great add-ons. Also a subscription is not required to enjoy gameplay or access all the things you need to have a fun adventure. The community is one of the best I have been a part of. It is not a great game, but in my opinion the current state of the game is healthy and it is for the most part well made."
,Recommended,306130,26725224,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,hatsunator,"It was quite different than I invisioned it'd be years down the line. I'm impressed that they fixed as much as they did concidering the game was pretty broken at the start. If you're looking for solid game play and have no qualms with the story getting smashed then yah, get it.Great Massive scale PVP and single player exploration.I just wish there was more PVE stuff"
,Recommended,306130,32066257,Posted: 30 May,all,Starberyl,"At first I regretted my purchase as I had bought this game to play with friends. Often enough, my attempts to connect to my friends through video gaming has been nothing but a waste of money as subscriptions falter into naught. However, I genuinely feel as if this particular MMO allowed me to be immersed in the Elder Scrolls universe especially when it features the various nations their political debacles of the second era. While hardcore Elder Scrolls dweebs might struggle to fathom why anyone would like an ""MMO"" version of the Elder Scrolls while making petty claims such as, ""the lore isn't as detailed"" or ""It doesn't make me feel like the lone saviour and heroic outlander,"" I play The Elder Scrolls Online for a different reason entirely.I play the game as a means to get into the lore of Tamriel and Morrowind through the latest expansion, I've spent several hours scampering around the explorable areas and relishing the rich sights to see, reading books and rerolling characters just because there were many books I missed. To think that I am only level 15, have already spent 40 hours on explorative content in my own alliance area!? Think about the amount of content I am missing out until I roll different characters for each of those different alliances. Let alone, I still have Morrowind and all the DLCs to complete. While I am unsure of whether this game is worthy of being called open world, I damn well think it does a great job of encompassing the element of size. When the character feels inferior and insignificant in comparison to his or her environment, the game is doing something right here. Nevermind the presence of other ""heroes"" running into an abandon mine, I'm already lonely as it is and if I really wanted a solo experience, I would do myself a favor and replay the Elder Scrolls series anyway.That being said, this game does suffer from a few problems and one of them is a mediocre end game of gear grinding for trials and maelstrom arena. PVP is an option but you may need to alter or build your character specifically for it. Hence, if a player intends on doing both, they need to really research non linear options or just roll two different characters entirely. Another issue Zenimax is having is trying to appease it's PVE and PVP community by conjoining balances. That is a horrendous way of doing things as Zenimax clearly has polarized its PVE and PVP community. That being said, the end game is mediocre and it pales in comparison to the experience of exploration. But, if one intends to embrace the availability of the end game and seeks to optimize their build, I would be careful browsing certain websites or viewing content from certain users that often misinform newer players of what is considered optimized or not ( *Cough AlcastHQ* )."
,Recommended,306130,32727571,Posted: 24 June,all,Amahspeed,Nothing compared what it used to be on launch. Once I start playing I can't stop. 1 hour always turns into 5. Great for lore and immersion. Possible to play solo or with a group.
,Recommended,306130,32801448,Posted: 25 June,all,juz10bebur,this game gave me crippling depression
,Recommended,306130,26252554,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,uglywanda,"I just got this game recently and I didn't expect it to be so AWESOME! It really surprised me how immersive this multiplayer game is and how stunning are the graphics. Amazing! I LOVE THIS GAME. I'm completely and totally addicted already! It is everything I said Skyrim V is and MORE. So much more. I like the UI; the well thought out variety of menu's that are easier to use, and well EVERYTHING! Its smooth sailing..., oops, scrolling as you explore and venture throughout the amazing graphics. I bought this game and I'm beyond hooked, and well its totally worth it. Great job on this one Bethesda! No one would want to be around me if my Internet connection dropped. Ha ha."
76561198333218565,Recommended,306130,29491372,Posted: 25 January,all,The Muskiest of Elons,This is a good game despite what some people say. It isn't as good as skyrim though. The faction war is a good add on. The story is interesting. But the characters lack some personality with ost of them looking very similar. It is a good game of you like MMOs but don't play it expecting skyrim.
76561198141813384,Recommended,306130,32682280,Posted: 23 June,all,sergykid,"This is the next gen MMO that should surpass wow over time, it has different mechanics, graphics, questing and exploration is deep if that is what your are looking for.PvP is pretty unbalanced and unfair, you can go full tank and u`ll get one shot, and if you don't have the best spells build in your action bar and the best gear for your class, you`ll do pretty low. But don't take these words for granted, i didn't play much PvP."
,Recommended,306130,32974398,Posted: 28 June,all,havingacow,"Overall, this is a good game to get into, however there are some problems with it.Firstly, I understand that this is a business and they want to make money. However, they are more concerned with content creation and pushing more cosmetic in game items than the sustainability of the game.There are a bunch of bug problems that have not been fixed for a long time. As you can see I've played this game for quite some time. I would like them to stop with the new content and fix the existing content. They refuse to actually do this.This is still a fun game if you are looking for this sort of MMO; a MMO that is in a fantasy world that has a large player base and allows you to play the game you want. There are certain meta that you need to stick to, in order to be successfull, but other than that, it's however you want to play.There are too many pros to list...Cons:The big problem is that PvP is not noob friendly, unless you join a massive group of other people (zergs) and run down others.Champion Point systems also needs to be reworked.Endless number of bug fixes."
,Recommended,306130,33064398,Posted: 30 June,all,✶BonZstar ✶,"Very Fun, feels like you're in a bigger Elder Scrolls universe. Also TBH I don't even notice other players..."
76561198273004700,Recommended,306130,33057098,Posted: 30 June,all,Desirable Ham,the most thrilling part of the game is waiting for the updates to finish 10/10
,Recommended,306130,32984380,Posted: 29 June,all,I LIKE ANIME GIRLS,pler gw kena ban ajg
76561198167233413,Recommended,306130,20162096,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Graceful Shilouette,This game is like gta online in skyrim but without dragons and shouts.And also great optimazation.
76561198110270673,Recommended,306130,30993050,Posted: 7 April,all,smuckery,this game is really fun just keep in mind this is not Oblivion if you don't keep that in mind you will be disappointed .This game is fun to explore and craft iteam and group up with friends for dungeons ( dungeon finder is ****).The main story is very cool  7 out of 10
76561197970659634,Recommended,306130,26457245,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Hypnotunez,"You know that feeling you get when you're playing a MMORPG and some rich, greedy and childish person comes over to your freshly born character and just destroys your little armour and weapons with their legendary sword of shining muffin whatever? I do, I know that feeling. I bet a lot of people do. I have rage quitted on so many online games because the balance between new people, good people with no money, great people with no money and people with money that are cruel to those who just joined, is so unequal and poisoned there is more chance to meet someone in no man's sky than to get anywhere in a game like that.Not this game. TESO is so diverse and equal to all its players that it doesn't make a difference if you have the all the dlc's or the premium membership because the only way you can get great stuff, is by your own effort. And even then it's forgiving to new players, as long as you understand the combat system and enemy attacks you will probably get rather far quite quickly. And when you complete a mission -Oh is it satisfying- You actually feel like you have earned something, like what you did was worthwhile. You didn't get some measly axe from whiterun that is so weak your steel weapon is better - no, you got a cleaver that will make a difference to that mission you are struggling with.You got to level ten? Oh don't you feel proud of yourself! You aren't just measly noob material, you're slightly above that AND you unlocked something! Trying to be a certain character type without having to level up ridiculously quick so that you can get that skill you want? Just go out looking skills are EVERYWHERE!TESO is probably the best MMORPG I have ever played. It is kind and equal to you like a loving mother is to her two children. It is just challenging enough for you to get that adrenaline without rage quitting. You feel like you got somewhere every time you finish a mission. You don't feel small or threatened by bigger players. You don't get killed by others the second you go on! It's like TES and real life had a love child, TES took the child and raised it to be fair and equal unlike real life, yet it gained the beautiful looks of real life!"
,Recommended,306130,14790073,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Wonnis,People say this game is bad... I really don't understand why... I love it... I bought it like 1 day ago and yesterday I've been playing it the whole ♥♥♥♥ing day. Just like skyrim it's ruining my life 9/10
,Recommended,306130,23262434,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ViceroyNova,"This is my first mmo game I've played and I've already put in a ton of hours. I like the choices you have of either playing straight storyline, running dungeons or playing pvp. Theres alot to the game you can enjoy."
,Recommended,306130,16347073,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,SR2CAN,Spent 1 whole hour updated from the ESO Installer.Thats half my refund if needed.kek.
,Recommended,306130,27599572,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Xellia,Can be addictive
76561198159234561,Recommended,306130,28485027,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Teachdrawde,This game help me forget everything.
76561198090385191,Recommended,306130,11337186,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,The DominatriX,best mmorpg  game ever
,Recommended,306130,17233929,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Vorpal Swords,I cant backup this game...but i love this game...
,Recommended,306130,26815676,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bubwubstep,Its really fun and goos for people who like the Elder Scrolls series.
,Recommended,306130,26800062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jeXtu,"Awesome game if you have the extra coin for DLC and some crowns. Not a huge MMORPG fan, but huge elder scrolls fan. this game plays with the best of both and I frequently find myself lost solo questing like Skyrim. Love it"
76561198081596024,Recommended,306130,26817713,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gizmo,Klazna
76561198185752619,Recommended,306130,26997358,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,91dB,This is WoW on steroids. Lots of them. Addictive af.
,Recommended,306130,26996205,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OMAE WA MOU SHINDEIRU,Hands down the best MMO I've ever played.
,Recommended,306130,26995585,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,QuetzaCocoCh4n,"After buying this game for 60$, and returning to it a year later, all I can say is, Wow. The new ""One Tamriel"" update really sparked this games life and made it so much better than when Tamriel Unlimited launched. Since its on sale right now for about 10$, I fully recommend anyone to buy this game, barely any glitches, really fun combat, actually interesting quests and more. 2 tips of advice though: Buy the Imperial City DLC, it makes the game 100% better, and THIS IS NOT SKYRIM ONLINE, ITS A MMO IN THE ELDER SCROLLS UNIVERSE."
76561198184565214,Recommended,306130,27778442,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,OhhTek,Great game if you love MMOs. Solid game in general.Castle Seiges are the Best <3
76561198106918875,Recommended,306130,26802078,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,romeoride1,So everybodys talking about it being like skyrim...  Well i can say you that it is similiar to skyrim and like any mmo its also similiar to wow .  The quests arent as big as skyrims but there are a LOT ! of them .
76561198346281469,Recommended,306130,28136127,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Jonboy7517,Got me off World of Warcraft HAHAHA!!!!!
76561198024820581,Recommended,306130,27976712,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,djs9pd,"A lot of people didn't like this game when it released and it kept me from buying the game initially. Then it went free to play and a lot of things were changed.Playing it now, this feels like a proper Elder Scrolls game. I've been playing it mostly solo and having a great time. There have been a few enemies that are difficult for one person to take down, but generally if you wait a few minutes, other people will come and help out."
,Recommended,306130,26736822,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Nerd Nuker X,"Graphics are good. Performance is decent. It feels like an ES game with the aesthetics. I love the open world concept (introduced in the One Tamriel patch). I love being able to pick from so many different skill trees when leveling. I cannot speak for the end game but if you like lore, there is plenty of that here.For 10 bucks on sale and no sub required it's a brain-less decision to get this game."
76561198081033446,Recommended,306130,26748032,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jamesbladeful1,"Very great game, been playing since of last year but on xbox. Only thing however is i can't transfer characters sadly T_T but great game tho!"
,Recommended,306130,26664903,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,night,Awesome game ignore the free weekend people they wan't the game to be like skyrim when it's made not to be that and be a seperate pvp and group based game
,Recommended,306130,28395765,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Butterball,"So you've heard of Skyrim, right? You may have even played it, finished all DLC, modded the game until it was a mere shadow of it's former self and yet still wanted more. Well, get that out of your head, Elder Scrolls Online isn't Skyrim-Online or Skyrim-CoOp. Sadly. It IS a good MMO, though. (I'm covering base game as I've yet to touch DLC content or dungeons and pvp.)Positive Aspects:Great, massive lore covering every square inch of the world apparently.Absurdly gigantic world.Great combat.Great talent/skill system.Excellent quests.Great voice acting.Overall it's a very pretty game.Negative Aspects:Despite it being a rather attractive game, the actual animations for character models are pretty terrible and clunky.No real auction-house, just guild merchant crap.Player interaction is bare-minimal. (It's a MMO, that you play as if it were a single player game. Without mods. Argh.)The GUI is fairly atrocious, even if it is nicely minimalistic.Camera & mouse controls are a bit wonky because they had to design around sub-human console peasants.The engine runs barely ""ok"" on great hardware.It's not Skyrim Co-Op or Skyrim Online.I loathe crafting and everything related to it.All in all, I'd rather have had Skyrim-Online or another expansion or some such, regardless, this is a good game and I enjoy what I do here. The main storyline(s), quests, skill system and combat are exceptional. Yes, I consider it worth the price and will probably put several hundred hours+ into it before I get bored. (The world is LARGE.)This is easily the most playable MMO released in the past well, decade and if you like the other E.S games you'll probably enjoy it."
,Recommended,306130,27335394,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scythie,You like skyrim? and wow? well? this is your game ez pz
76561197998545599,Recommended,306130,28001595,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,lizmeis,"I love games that don't tie you down to missions only. I like to craft some things I might need or sit back on my horse and take in the sights.The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited has plenty of what I like. After a free weekend, I decided to buy the game because there was way to much I hadn't seen or done. There are three factions each containing three races of beings. Each faction has a different story line. I'm guessing they will converge in the end game, but I am far from that point.One thing I really appreciate is the mounts are much easier to use than in Oblivion and Skyrim. They never get lost either.I've only played for a couple weeks and feel I've only skimmed the surface of the game. I'm looking forward to a lot more exploration and fun."
,Recommended,306130,27892991,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Võit,"This is a really good MMORPG, recommending for any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,306130,27909422,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Storrent,"If World of Warcraft and the Elder Scrolls series had sex, this would be their child.Sadly, this child has autism."
,Recommended,306130,27447144,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Banmcr,"I didnt like this  game much when i started playing but just went along with the gameplay, After completing the whole story thought i was pretty much done with it but then i felt that i dont have a badass gear still so started working on it. 2.5k hrs ingame later I STILL DONT HAVE EVERYTHING.11/10  worth it"
76561198066408927,Recommended,306130,27447220,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Teddy Tommy Ear,If you like WoW but do not like to pay every month to play it you will like this like me.
,Recommended,306130,27405761,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheLegend27,I read more books in this game than in my whole life lol..
,Recommended,306130,27893811,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Apple,Kill a chicken in HD and get destroyed by the townspeople is HD10/10 in HD
76561198263376271,Recommended,306130,27895791,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,harluon012,Love this game so much after buying it for a great deal of 9 dollars! So much content and I'm super hooked to it. Definitely a must buy for all rpg and mmo lovers!
,Recommended,306130,27911595,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Roax,BEST RPG GAME EVAR
,Recommended,306130,27848234,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nimfo,Great graphics and smooth gameplay. Enjoying it so far. Enjoying the storyline.
,Recommended,306130,27331585,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,4o,It's legal? 9.90$. Owned!
,Recommended,306130,27338245,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rambo Kitty,Since buying this game a month or so ago I am addicted! Its one of the best games I have ever played.
76561198076680959,Recommended,306130,27353546,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mav_zeus1886,"Despite some negative reviews I have read, I find this game enjoyable and engrossing. The quests are very interesting so far. Although, I'm still in the early stages of the game, I highly recommend that players try this out first as there are a lot of improvements in this game since it first came out. Experience the game first-hand instead of just relying on reviews. Enjoy the game!"
,Recommended,306130,27559148,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Costa,its a good alternative if you dont want to pay for a subscription to for example wow
,Recommended,306130,27587306,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Novacron,"Great MMO, seems to do a lot of things right since the Tamriel Unlimited update. No subscription is necessary, but the option is there with some decent incentives. The environments are very immersive and at it's core it captures the feel of an Elder Scrolls game fairly well."
76561198032123530,Recommended,306130,31181566,Posted: 16 April,all,Ruîn,Magic
,Recommended,306130,28204086,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Briggenti,10/10 addictive for anyone previously addicted to Everquest
76561198007288432,Recommended,306130,29641683,Posted: 1 February,all,FL Warpig,"Been reading some reviews about connection issues.  I have been playing pretty much non stop for about two weeks and have had no connection timeouts or disconnects.  Perhaps people need to upgrade/update their routers and modems, buy extenders, upgrade their nic cards, or PC's.  It takes about 10 seconds for the game to terminate your session.  Often most average users don't realize their internet is having issues."
,Recommended,306130,29484857,Posted: 25 January,all,Vermin Supreme the Squirmin Meme,Is gud
,Recommended,306130,31186599,Posted: 16 April,all,Mehigh,This game is a big yes from all points of view.
,Recommended,306130,28821091,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,otravu,"Really like this game. I'm not much of a PVP guys, so really haven't tried it, but the PVE is pretty awesome. A lot of nice stories and quests. All in all a nice experience"
,Recommended,306130,31184859,Posted: 16 April,all,Cam,"It's bringing me back...(18 Hours of gameplay at the time of writing)If you are like me, I've had a long hiatus from any form ofMMO.World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich kingwas the last time I've been consumed by an online game. I've tried many expansions and games after but I never stuck around. If this describes your predicament, give ESO a shot.Positives:Solid controlsgreat mechanicsA+ crafting systemaddon supporthand-crafted landscapesprogression Freedomvoice-acted QuestsNegatives:real $$$ store(Although nothing you can buy is ""Pay2Win"", I personally never will agree with micro-transactions)Free & Supscription-base(I feel this segregates the community in certain ways, my belief is it's either Monthy-free or everyone pays a supscription)"
76561198083368519,Recommended,306130,29714817,Posted: 5 February,all,CrazyHito,please make asia server
,Recommended,306130,29724982,Posted: 5 February,all,Bahmboozle,ESO is worth every penny. Despite the installation issue I had at first the game makes up for it. All the beauty of Skyrim with all the lust of adventure and mmo gives you. Leveling is very well balanced and it's genuinely a good time alone or with a group of people.I highly recommend it and can't wait for the expansion.
76561198062387694,Recommended,306130,29728260,Posted: 5 February,all,Antleapord,Its good
76561198121044047,Recommended,306130,29729206,Posted: 5 February,all,Nulzee,great
76561198182480799,Recommended,306130,29731078,Posted: 5 February,all,5kg Chromosome,"Really easy to pickup and learn (if you played any other elder scrolls game). Simple mechanics, good server connection and good graphics if you put the games environment into perspective."
,Recommended,306130,31184893,Posted: 16 April,all,Lihakeinu,Is good.
76561198089314798,Recommended,306130,29345178,Posted: 18 January,all,The Magician,This game is lots of fun. I bought it because I enjoyed Skyrim and Oblivion and wanted something to keep me busy until ES 6 comes out. Well this was more than worth it. Even grinding for levels I find to be enjoyable. The looks and feels in this game are great and questing with friends can be a lot of fun. I'd give this game a 10/10 easy. Kage Bunshin No Jutsu!
76561198070733758,Recommended,306130,31187021,Posted: 16 April,all,Zenaros_,"A very fun MMO with an interesting and gripping combat system, a very enjoyable community, a gigantic map and quite literally hundreds of well written enjoyable quests"
76561198354847950,Recommended,306130,28910946,Posted: 1 January,all,Mikee702,"Played beta and launch date a while back even paid the 3 month subscription, it was okay had its problems. Now with the huge changes and adjustments they'd made, the game is way better than before. I recommend this now, great community and people can be very helpful in game not salty."
,Recommended,306130,27339628,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WING,Solid and entertaining MMO. Keeps you coming back to enjoy it's content again and again!
,Recommended,306130,28338343,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Crevarius,This feels so much like Oblivion.  I love it.
,Recommended,306130,27201212,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr Bryn 👌,Best MMO At This Moment :)
,Recommended,306130,29451895,Posted: 23 January,all,truffle,i always gotta keep it fr but this game is the BEST like it slays my life. theres a lot to do and u will never get bored.
76561198027766034,Recommended,306130,27917510,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tenebrae,Very addictive
76561198084829301,Recommended,306130,29254340,Posted: 14 January,all,Batarange,"When I first Beta tested ESO I hated it. Coming from WoW, I thought the game mechanics were bad and it the game was lacking that special ""umph."" After a year or so, I was bored with WoW and decided to try ESO one more time. I fell in love with it from the moment I logged in. The graphics are stunning. The quest are filled with detail. Everytime I play, it's like stepping into a vast new world with unlimmited possiblities. Everything runs smooth and although the leveling takes quite some time, it's enjoyable because most of the quests are intresting. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,306130,26861464,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lynx3n,"As someone who was never able to get into other popular MMORPG's such as WoW, this game blew me away after it went Buy to Play. The amount of content in this game - even without the DLC - is incredible, and the PvP... well, it takes ""epic battle"" to an entirely new level. Just find a good group leader and it's one of the most fun PvP experiences you'll ever have- even if, like me, you're absolute trash at it. Seriously, please, ignore the negative reviews that the sale weekend has brought - this game is FUN. Especially if you're a huge Elder Scrolls lore nerd, like me~Also, the there are thankfully NO items in the premium Crown store that make this game Pay to Win in -any- way whatsoever. Just some pretty awesome cosmetics and experience boosters, etc.-----ALERT FOR CRAFTERS-----Do --NOT-- buy the racial crafting motifs from the crown store, you can find them at GUILD TRADERS in major cities for as low as 200 GOLD (in-game, easily earnable currency) EACH. So don't waste that 500 crown starting bonus on a set of racial crafting motifs that you can get for a very small amount of gold in-game!"
,Recommended,306130,26755862,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Egold918,kewl
76561198052149567,Recommended,306130,27415682,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,shibbby,Love this game... so many things to do... so little time =D
,Recommended,306130,27509238,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pizza Turtle,"Great Elder Scrolls experience - check.Great MMO experience - check.Incredibly detailed crafting system - check.Freedom to play how you want to play - check.Explore almost all of Tamriel - check.Guars - check.Probably the best MMO I have played to date, and it continually gets better. It's not without its issues, with the occasional glitch (mainly in PvP areas), occasionally overpowered/imbalanced build/setup, build rigidity to participate in highest level endgame content, downtime during peak hours for maintenance, etc., but overall, this is a game that will give you thousands of hours of things to do that just increase the more you play and make new friends.Could not recommend this game enough for anyone who likes MMOs and Elder Scrolls lore/universe. As people have said for years, this is of course not just multiplayer Skyrim, and if you play it like Skyrim (combat, hoarding, etc.) you're gonna have a bad time, but as its own game, it will definitely stand the test of time in the TES franchise.Free weekends, holiday events, and player housing about to drop next quarter - things are looking up for an already great game. Give it a go!"
76561198121816552,Recommended,306130,27514928,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HtagTheodor,Awesome! Is like a second life
76561198082078800,Recommended,306130,28781867,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,kid with polio,I mean it's alright
76561198121375618,Recommended,306130,28795227,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Hector Salamanca,"Im really new to this game, 10hours in and I just learned how to use traits.. I dont dare go indept with this review but what I can say is this: If you wish to take the game ""seriously"" you better read a ♥♥♥♥ton of guids because im on my 6th char and just barely got him right for the role I wish to play.The game itself is fun and mesmerizing (steam doesnt have spellcheck so I apologize for the♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of grammatical errors) but it requires commitment if you dont want to play it like an ordinery elder scrolls game (which you can).The best part about the game is that it is very toaster friendly, I bought my oven 7 years ago and it has 4gb ram some i3 processor probs from the first series and an old GTS card. You can pretty much modify everything and currently im running textures on high with everything else either disabled or on low.Definetly worth the buy and I suggest purchasing a membership as well simply because of the exp boost and the access to the crafting bag which is a life saver..not to forget about the crowns you get!10/10 would wait another 6 months for a steam sale!"
76561197970485684,Recommended,306130,28839231,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Fall,"Seriously Solid MMO experience. (if you are hovering between ffxiv/gw2/eso this is a very nice option)A mostly solo-friendly MMO with massive amount of  content, tons of community - voice acted questlines/solid main story arc, great combat and skill mechanics the visuals are quite nice; yea - also just try it for free NBD =)ATM this game is in the best shape it has been since release."
76561198061382933,Recommended,306130,31167307,Posted: 15 April,all,ManhuntZ,good mmorpg
76561198093533621,Recommended,306130,27004222,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,deadshot 237,"honestly from the release date, this game has come a long way. Since im a big fan of the elderscroll series, i bought the gold eddition, however if ur skeptical, i honestly recomend that you get the regular ESO. whether you are laying solo or with friends, there will always be something for you to do, and best of all the game just keeps on evolving."
76561198163858389,Recommended,306130,27414603,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,︻气BLaCK-PULsE︻デ═─,Yur actually coming down to read reviews hehe11/10 go knock yur self out
,Recommended,306130,27494270,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mamericus,"TL;DR: If you like MMOs, but are tired of the same ole' formula, give this a shot. If you like TES, you'll love it.I only started launching this game through Steam sometime in the past year, so my logged hours should really be well above 3000. I've been playing this game since open Beta and I've seen it undergo many transformations; from the early days of bug-ridden quests at launch, to the unfortunate decision of going f2p, to the latest social integration of removing faction restrictions for PvE, this game has changed in many ways. Like any MMO, it will likely never be perfect and there will always be people who criticise one aspect of the game or another. As much as I've had my gripes with it however, it stands at a sweet spot today, and if you're into MMOs, and particularly TES lore, you should definitely give this a try. It is a beautiful game, with fantastic graphics, engaging questlines, fun easter eggs, great characters, and most importantly, an amazing community. As much as ZOS has screwed up in many ways, they have, for the most part, kept to their schedule on regularly released updates, and although they're not always particularly great, they keep the game bustling with players from all walks of life. If you are looking for a hardcore endgame/raiding formula with ample variety, this may not be your best bet, but if you enjoy challenging PvP and fun PvE, you won't be disappointed. I can't stress this enough: the community in this game is GREAT. Join a guild (or five) as soon as you come in, and your experience will be that much better."
76561198112636045,Recommended,306130,28225342,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,horridblood14,LOVE THIS GAME!!!!
,Recommended,306130,28227341,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,StandardPerson,A really good MMO
,Recommended,306130,28198423,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Miss Monday,"This game very much rivals LOTRO and games of the like. Extremely detailed and accurate to previous mechanics and design of The Elder Scrolls games. Pets, Mounts, Crafting, Upgrades, LARGE map, Guilds (Multiplayer and in-game), Character choices and customization, Races, and All the NPC's TALK (an extraordinary feature in an MMORPG).  You really feel immersed in this MMORPG as opposed to others.... almost as if you bought a single player RPG game. Yet, it's not that. The storyline is just so capturing and the gameplay is very fluid. Spending money on new features for your character and gameplay experience is not necessary in the slightest, nor do you feel like you are missing out on anything if you don't. However, spending money can be a little tempting if you are a super picky player that wants all the bells and whistles. (Unecessary bells and whistles, mind you.)"
,Recommended,306130,28201747,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Sports-In-Shorts,"~50 hours in and this is what I can say!(I have played a few MMOs, not an old WoW vet or anything though)The game is FUN! It plays like any other MMO; there are quests, groups, guilds, merchants, crafting, inventory upgrades, different quality weapons... it's basically just any other MMO in that way.However, as I said, the game's FUN! There's a vast and interesting world to explore. I've only fully explored Stonefalls, one of many large areas, and it took me 40 hours! The quests are interesting and fully voiced which is nice. There are plenty of goodies hidden around the map to encourage deep exploration.Overall, I wouldn't say it's Skyrim: The MMO, which is a shame, because I bought the game hoping that it might have such an experience for me. However it still offers some pretty fun MMO gameplay in a great and well realized setting.I should also note that the game runs very well on my setup, which admittedly runs most games well, but I have at the very least not encountered any bugs or crashes.TL;DR: Still waiting for a Co-op Skyrim... but this is fun in the meantime"
76561198052405807,Recommended,306130,28223677,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,WoWCymru,I rec because of one tamriel. made my gameplay More Versitile
,Recommended,306130,27317585,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Prince Salt,"It has the amazing feel, enviroment, soundtrack, characters, and quests that you would expect from a bethesda ESO game, its easy to loose track of time exploring the enviroments doing quests and going through dungeons with your friends. the only thing I find differnt from the normal Elder Scrolls style is the combat, its been changed to more fit the MMO genre. One more problem, there are sometimes some connection errors, however might just be me.Still an incredible game thats worth all your pennys9/10"
76561198288696088,Recommended,306130,28122266,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,KillingYouSlowly,well its way harder then skyrim
76561198280650257,Recommended,306130,28132355,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,LARGELinCHARGEL,"This game is a lot of fun. Definitely has an MMO feel to it, a lot of random quests, but it's all fun. I have fun by myself, but it's always much more fun with another person. I love the Elder Scrolls universe, I love the lore, and everything that comes with it. If you're looking for a different experience but still in the Elder Scrolls Universe, you've hit the right game. It also looks very good! I'd say it's a 7.5/10."
76561198021880265,Recommended,306130,28146184,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,madd.rabbit,"I can't express enough how I like ESO. I played WoW for years but it felt a little stale. Had heard negative reviews of this game on its release but after a year or so decided to try it anyway. I have to say, it was good then and it's getting even better as I go along. I hope those that played it in beta give it another shot because it's pretty good now with the 'One Tamriel' update. You can play across the factions with your friends and each zone is scaled regardless of your player levels being different. It rewards exploration with treasures, bosses, and good stories spread across the lands. It's free to play once you own the base game and you can go up to max level this way. DLC add new zones and stories that have been pretty good up to this point. I played Thieves Guild, Orsinium and Dark Brotherhood and they add something to the experience. The subscription is optional and give access to the DLC content while active if you don't want to actually buy them. They added tons of new sets in the new update too that make character builds very open. There will still be those that aim for BiS sets and items of course. The first playthrough you should really take your time and play the quests and stories all the way through, even side quests, then with alt characters you can rush to the end game stuff. I'm not into PVP but it's a little more approachable than WoW was and I dabbled in it a little which is significant to say the least for me. Hope to see you in the game. I do ESO content on my YouTube channel I liked it so much, Hope this helps you decide."
76561198262216629,Recommended,306130,28150317,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,commander blander,very good even better with friends
76561198017543172,Recommended,306130,27850259,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MR.AESTHETIC,"Love the game, need some friends to play with though. ITS ELDER SCROLLS WORTHY !!!!!!!"
,Recommended,306130,27172216,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ihyde,I wasn't expecting anything out of this game but i was pleasntly surprised :)
,Recommended,306130,27009278,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nikolp,"I went in not expecting to like it but it turns out that after hours of trying to start the game, its really fin. I like the familiar environment and beast roaming the land as seen in the part 3 elderscroll games. I remember how exited i got when seeing a guar for the first time. AS far as gameplay goes, its unlike traditional mmo combat, but it works. There isnt a clear targeting system which threw me off since I am used to playing Guild Wars but its no problem once I got used to it.Fun game. Familiar environment."
76561198109693717,Recommended,306130,26916600,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Commander-in-chief,Game has emphasis on story. Feels like an Elder Scrolls story though its an MMO so you obviously don't have much freedom about how you aproach quests. Everything is voice-acted. Graphics are very good.
76561198066134735,Recommended,306130,26944241,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrAghon,"I absolutely love this game. The quests are amazing. The world is big, though instanced, the regions are quite large and there is so much to do."
,Recommended,306130,29473863,Posted: 24 January,all,Trifer,"didn't quite like it at first. but after a while it definately grew on me, and I've been having a blast ever since."
76561198277113261,Recommended,306130,29431098,Posted: 22 January,all,Mocha,"I have actively played this game since it launched and I still play it to this day. If you enjoy the Elder Scrolls and MMO's, you should definately pick this game up! The recent One Tamriel update that came out not to long ago, gives you more freedom in the game. It allows you to play and adventure at your own pace, you are scaled to everything around you so you are never to high or to low of a level to do stuff. You are also able to play with any of your friends no matter what level they are or what alliance they are in. In conclusion, this is an amazing game with endless content, and I would absolutly suggest buying it!"
,Recommended,306130,28747212,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Beer Samurai,"cant say anything about the game here, everybody know this is best game ever !"
,Recommended,306130,27020659,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LibertyWorkHorse,"This game is great, no subscription and its skyrim meets MMO some dont like it, I think its done very well"
76561198143060608,Recommended,306130,27053324,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,2 vs 1,it s nice boiii
76561198107831441,Recommended,306130,17264956,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Flamen,"I would totally recommend this game to anyone that wants a rpg thats fun and different, rather then grinding and waiting for bosses to respond ect.. they limit the drops and instead add more gold to the quests. A little problem is happening to me im on a mac and i meet the requirements but i seem to still freeze while playing the game. I even lowered the resolution and graphics settings. (I pass the requirement section but not by a lot but i still do). I still have a great time playing. Ill try to keep stuff posted on this review if your thinking about buying this game"
76561198192905410,Recommended,306130,18192546,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,poesjesman︻芫══--,"Its a Wonderfull game with full of adventures Its Really fun, Playing with others There's so much experience in this game, I say WORTH IT The story line is amazing and the lvl system is great, i highly reccomend this game :)"
,Recommended,306130,18064877,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,CMinge,"I got the game after the Tamriel Unlimited update came out, and have been really satisfied. Just want to help raise the reviews so others can know that it's a better game now."
,Recommended,306130,29415664,Posted: 21 January,all,LVL13 Masterclass,"While I haven't played long enough to get into the nitty gritty - extreme details of the game, from the first few hours (60) I've experimented with every class and seen the beginnings of every region. And honestly... i'm blown away. Not soon after playing did I buy the DLCs and the Imperial class... and some other cosmetics... don't judge me...The classes are cool, skills are fun, game environment and aesthetics are boooootiful, great amount of visual character customisation for the characters through a system reminiscent of Skyrim's (though there's slightly less options for ESO) and the community even in game is great! Wait at a dungeon for a min or two and 4 to 5 guys appear and you party together!It's an mmo at heart, so if you're into this kinda thing then go ahead, I think you'll like it! I'm not so into them but being a ES fan I had to try ESO out... was not disappointed. Also, doesn't require a beastly PC etc, first time I played was on a Macbook Pro, so perfect for those that have lower spec comps."
,Recommended,306130,18259424,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Chuvak970,"I don't know why... but I've always loved MMORPGs, and this one has taken the cake. Although, don't mind my short hours, there will be more... and more... and more hours. But I highly recommend this to all you Elder Scrolls fans. Even if you want to get a good overview of the game's lore, then this is a good start."
76561198115331090,Recommended,306130,17002579,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Ambah,"Great game, it just has some bugs."
,Recommended,306130,17130888,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Mephistopheles,I played the game with low expectations. I feel stupid now.
76561198195847705,Recommended,306130,16962867,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Deliverer of Pipe,"if you love spending hours of your life running from guy to guy talking to rank up then this is the game for you all the quests are talking barely any killing but then i hit lvl 10, pvp cryodill unlocked about to uninstall i say ""il try this"" i get in there 90 hours later im like this is best game on steam i have ever played.10/10 would raid again."
76561198054180684,Recommended,306130,17140049,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,capnbinky,"This is a really beautiful game with a huge map and lots to do. It plays very well considering the quality of the images and pov options, and the number of people playing. I understand it wasn't always so smooth, but it's pretty effective now.The worst thing about it is fact that you can't download patches normally through Steam. So when you first buy the game, you have to download this huge file, and then when you try to log in the first time you have ANOTHER huge download, and this one won't save so if it bogs down you have to do the whole thing repeatedly. Very clunky and obnoxious. Once past this, however, it's a great game.Not another Skyrim! Don't go in expecting the immersion level of well-modded Skyrim, because it's an mmo and that means other players can wreck your immersion at any moment. But they can also add to it or be great company; just yesterday I got myself into very hot water well above my level and still made it through because someone else happened by at the right instant."
76561198000388220,Recommended,306130,17002830,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,[daCO]EXHAUSTEDpuppet,Love it! Play it with a few people from work. You defiantly get sucked into to where you don't want to ever stop playing.
,Recommended,306130,30472023,Posted: 12 March,all,Mr. Goat,Ups-Its a good game with friendslots of loreGood communityHard but possibleDowns-boring without friendshard by your selfhard to go down a single path on skillsa lot of microtranactionsOverall- The game has it's problems but I personally feel that this game is good-would suggest to a friend!!!
,Recommended,306130,29883972,Posted: 12 February,all,xCAKSx,"Its a must play for MMO RPG fans . Its much better than Free mmo's out there.And its working fine even in China.A must play for quest, adventure and open world lovers :)"
,Recommended,306130,27977772,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,V7,only mmorpg that I liked.
,Recommended,306130,27979475,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Devs,gg lyf
76561198170475350,Recommended,306130,27979572,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Out of Control,"i like it, the game is fun"
76561198136019726,Recommended,306130,26764272,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Helllboy,"ESO is one of the best MMO's out there in my opinion. but dont get me wrong it had a varry rocky start because of it not being exactly as everyone expected (thinking it was going to be like Skyrim online), but non the less its the best mmo iv ever played in years.the lvling is beter now then it was a year ago its more expansive and now you can  go were ever you want no mater what lvl your at. the best part about all of that is if you have a Friend who's been plaing a long time and he/she convinsed you to play he/she can meet up with your new Chr no mater were you are in the Three Faction's whith there cap lvl Chr and play allong side you.i gess that all im saying is this is the time to start your adventer in ESO, or jump right back into it, because i beleve ESO is only going to get beter.      Thank you for reading.....and sorry for the spelling"
76561198271448536,Recommended,306130,23257445,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Noobicorn,"i've played allot of mmo's in my time, trying to get into them because my friends all played and personally i ♥♥♥♥ing hate them, BUT THIS IS GOOD.Pros-Good fair leveling System, not too much grind, and not too easy-The combat is actually challenging at times-The Dungeon system is awesome and quite addictive-LOOT-Side quests are emmersive and have great storys-The Faction Scenerio works really well, making you feel like you're apart of something big, especially in pvp-So much land to explore-Purchasble and unlockable pets/costumes etc-Good community-Dos Grafikz tho-The lore is incedible and their's so much to learn and find out-SOOOOOOOO much armour and weapon choices and crafting abilities, its endlessCons-PvP can be horribly laggy, but that might be the fact i play on a 4gb ram laptop-The Party grouping system is horribly bugged, but i hear their working on fixing it-The prices for ingame cosmetic is WAY over priced, as is the DLC the plus membership although that is optional-Game itself is overpriced, buy it on the sales ;)-The main story is cliche andunoriginal, but not terribleIf you're an Elder Scrolls fan, there's no garuntee you'd love this, you might LOVE it, or you might hate it although the lore and the spirit of Elderscrolls exists it's still an MMOif you're an MMO lover, you'd best prepare to lose your job, Family, Friends, Education, and then die of starvationovrall i score it on 9/10"
,Recommended,306130,25439998,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SummerTime Records,"I bought this game think I'd be good. After trying it out found out it out it didn't really feel like it was worth the $30 or $40 I put into it. Tried to refund, but the dl took over 2h so it looked like my ig time was over 2h which made steam unable to return it. Now I'm depressed since I not only wasted money on this, but it also used up tons of my monthly internet usage. My internet usage is over 450gb so not really sure how I used it all up, however I do know this game ate up a large amount of it. Not only have I wasted my time writing this♥♥♥♥♥♥up, but I also wasted your time since you read this. :D jkjk what am i saying its a pre fun game if u didnt read till the end ull prob think i hate it XD"
76561198215833767,Recommended,306130,27907888,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,dragnavar,good but need to check out the dlc to see if its worth it still
76561198006974930,Recommended,306130,27913886,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Laruxo,"So I played this game during beta and it sucked, but now...It is epic! Most of the problems are fixed and new content seems to be added quite frequently.As for the gameplay, I really love the leveling experience this game has to offer. That is because I loved Skyrim and this is so much like it. I still have to check every single possible container in the game, but that is how Elder Scrolls games are and I love it.Also here we have the same freedom of classes we get in singleplayer Elder Scrolls games. Don't think that the game is limiting, because there are only 4 classes in the game. You want to be daggers wielding assasin Sorcerer? Be my guest! Want to try tanking as Night Blade? Sure, why not.All in all, this game is very fun to play. Since I only started few days ago, I cannot tell you how good is the end-game, but if you enjoyed Skyrim, you will enjoy the leveling experience of this game. Just do the damn quests!"
,Recommended,306130,28150654,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Minato Namikaze,"I do recommend it but i can't play because 127.0.0.1 it can't ""connect"""
76561197992384853,Recommended,306130,31145607,Posted: 14 April,all,StrkY,"I had to experience the game first before I could make a review about it before I could post my opinion.I'll admit I was hesitant on buying this game in the first place due to mixed reviews, during that time I was looking for a good MMORPG and this came up on my steam list and decided to purchase this game since it was on sale, and I decided to test it out myself, and after hours of play time so far I really got hooked to this game! I dont know why all the hate but in my opinion this game is  probably one of the best MMORPG games I've played so far!Yeah the graphics maybe mediocre and not that impressive, but the story and lore so far are probably the main reason why I liked this game. Large scale pvp battles probably the bread and butter of this game!And of course there are some downsides about this game not to mention the random ""logout to the main menu screen"" which can be really annoying especially when you're on a middle of an intense PvP battle.all in all I've the game an 8/10 I highly recommend this game especially if you're a big fan of MMORPG games!"
76561198077669853,Recommended,306130,24003967,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Loz_Bedo,All the never-ending adventure of the Elder Scrolls series. God damn.
76561197994683887,Recommended,306130,29684173,Posted: 3 February,all,Morbius Morte,Great game. Switched to steam version for convience and it was easy to sync. No starting over.
,Recommended,306130,28826152,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kryon,It's a great game.
76561198018611411,Recommended,306130,23472766,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Payne <3,"Almost played 100 hours now and it's a really good game, definitely worth the money :)"
76561198007328941,Recommended,306130,26733526,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,hastatus,"This review will start from the fact that I have spent the first 30 hours of gameplay during the free weekend.I shall keep this one very short.If you obtain this game and intend to play it KNOWING that it is not a ""MMO sequel"" to The Elder Scrolls franchise and instead take it as a DISCINCT MMOrpg in THE ELDER SCROLLS ""coverage"" universe and lore then you should not be disappointed.Please do not take this as Skyrim online or something because you will end up like on of these fools that thought so.The game relies on microtransactions so if you don't mind that you will get along just fine.Should I buy this game I will come back to this review to update it.///"
,Recommended,306130,27086565,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nathan,Love It!
,Recommended,306130,28755963,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tye Tass,"it's a RPG so story doesnt matter, click through those boring♥♥♥♥♥dialogs and kill some biches."
,Recommended,306130,28757311,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cypress Farm BOT #1,gg
76561198201181975,Recommended,306130,28760903,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Humansandwich,"Its incredibly confusing when you start playing, but with the One Tamriel patch and a little bit of research this is a really fun rewarding game. I owned the game for over a year before I even really got into it due to my inexperience with MMOs, but once I put some time into learning the game I started leveling easier and learning how to do everything which seems overwhelming. I would reccomend it to most of my friends!"
,Recommended,306130,30713038,Posted: 24 March,all,Moarty,"The game really has come a long way, it is amazing now and if you've tried it in the past, now is the time to come back."
,Recommended,306130,27088689,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nightmare.,Verry Good.
,Recommended,306130,26733392,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,PG.Dava,"So I went into this with all the bad stuff I've ever heard about this game, stuff like its♥♥♥♥♥♥ boring, cash grab etc...I'm going to preface this with: I have only really played two MMO's before this, TERA and World at Warcraft and Runescape if that counts? I've also Only played 3 Elder Scrolls games Skyrim, Oblivion and Morrowind all on console.So far I have only played because of the free weekend and wouldn't of bought this game otherwise. I am 15 hours in and enjoying it. I haven't felt the need to just 'buy' stuff to progress and there is tons too do. It's like and Elder Scrolls game with the hundreads of things dotted around the map, so much stuff to do it can be abit too much. I have purposely stayed away from guides and 'build guides' because its fun being a noob and experiencing a game with no prior kowledge of it. In those 15 hours I am level 15, done a metric♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of quests, crafting and general exploring as the world is very open and interesting kinda like skyrim/oblivion in that regards.Gathering materials can be a pain and sometimes hard to find, however I find the best way to get materials is just quest and you will often see Iron ore, Plants or anything else on your way. I can see why someone wouldn't like this but I would not say it is pay to win. It is however grindy, but not to the extent of Tera or Runescape.I will say when you start you are awarded 500 Crown currency or whatever it's called, use that to buy the Starter Pack, you get a Horse, Dog and some other items. I only found this out when I hit level 15 and probbaly could of progressed a little faster If I knew about this earlier.The game runs fine for me, My specs are AMD Fx6100, GTX 660, 16GB 1600mhz Ram and 1tb HDD. I can run this game on Ultra at a healthy frame rate and the Loading times are often very quick.TLDR: Really Enjoying it and lots of stuff to do, can be abit grindy but I am still buying it."
,Recommended,306130,27089908,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,2B or not 2B,Cool game.Wide world to explore.Able to customise character in a wide range.Fun story.
76561198028912966,Recommended,306130,27086171,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,rlongbottom5,Awwweeesome
76561198057909914,Recommended,306130,26746225,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Autistic Penguin,"It is a MMO and YES it IS a MMORPG. ITs not Skyrim or Oblivion, though it ressembles a lot. So here is my list why this game is actually great ( especially when itès on sale)1. IT IS HUGE!!! It is, dont get me wrong, probably bigger then World of Warcraft or at least same sized ( I think its bigger)2. For a MMO, it has voice audio for all quests FINALLY NO BORING READING. The story line is long to get into and you will do alot of useless stuff but the missions are interesting3. FOR ALL THOSE who LOVE LORE, this game offers a lot of information about GODS that you will see in Skyrim and Oblivion. This is my actual reason why I choosed the game. You will ( if Ièm not wrong) meet MOlag Bal and hear many stuff about others. + you will se the homeland of elves, Khajits, IMPERIAL!!! and many others. Its really nice if you'r into the LOREP.S. it is a MMORPG, not skyrim or oblivion or other series. Don't wait from this game same experience as these games, it is a lot more different and it is multiplayer, so dont shoot guards just saying ;)BUT you can still steam stuff :), everyone likes it and assassinate ( need DLC) targets still worth it"
,Recommended,306130,28760928,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Salty Pug,"I'll be honest...I played the game in closed beta and decided not to purchase it when it released. I decided to give it a second chance after reading about all the changes they had made and were in the process of making. They seem to have really dealt with a lot of the issues that keep me from originally purchasing it. The game is very immersive with the minimum UI and the voice acting. The soundtrack is great. The crafting system is very feature rich and I'm able to craft useful gear that I can level with. You can just set out into the world and explore and come across quests and open world dungeons as you do so.If you haven't tried the game I highly recommend it, if you did try it but left early on then I would say give it a second chance. I'm very glad I did. I can see me making this my MMO home for some time to come."
76561197988097562,Recommended,306130,26745912,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,peawhy63,This game is a must have for any Elder Scrolls fans. The playing area is enormous and will keep anyone busy for months to come.
,Recommended,306130,27084350,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[̲̅N̲̅E̲̅J̲̲̲̅̅̅] Archangel™,"This game has such a stroy, and such a community that you wont just get a dust corn in your eye. It will make Sahara sandstorm visit your house and screw you up. Having feelings, and iving yourself into a game. To really create a character you can roleplay as. This is the game. Thanks to the new level/combat system at ""One Tamriel"" The game just became so much more than it already was.MMORPG: Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game.M: It's a god damn massive game, so much to explore.M: Multiplayer here have become so great with the level system and ""One Tamriel""O: The community created here is just perfect (For PC) Havent herd much complaining, and whereever I have been.R: You will have an important role no matter if you chose to Heal, Tank or Damage.P: Helping eachother in your role with your skill line, and in your role as character.G: Of the Year"
76561198054139390,Recommended,306130,26733684,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Horsat,it's dank
76561198041490619,Recommended,306130,19577992,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,fiurion,"After being kind of afraid of getting this game for a very long time due to its rough start and lots of negative opinions that i saw at the time :\ later on i saw some people praising it a little claiming it to being betther now and ""fixed"" making me take a little leap of faith with it when it was like 60% off, after actually playing it a little... all i can say is that this game for me is worth it and recomendable to anyone who might be interested in the genre carrying a lot of potential to be a very awsome online game if they continue to polish it with more elder scrolls features and all that into it, as for the bad taste it left from that time... with time and some more features and improvements it will eventually be something of the past"
,Recommended,306130,19491888,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Chelly,"Played the Beta back in early 2014.  Beta sucked.  Played again in late 2015, game is actually pretty cool.  I'm not sure why this game still gets so much hate.  I think people need to give it a second chance before making their decision final.ES Lore, familiar faces, exploring majority of Tamriel instead of being limited to one map, and none of that 10,000 quest grind to get to the next area or you're underleveled crap like most mmos.8/10 on the game in its current state.9/10 for not being the clunky and sluggish beta I played a few times.10/10 for no sub-fee.1/10 on still being considered a 'free player' if you don't purchase ESO+ (even after you slap down ~$95 for everything).It's like Skyrim online except it's not Skryim online, and it has zombies."
76561198075277107,Recommended,306130,20132801,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Whiplash,"awesome game, lots to do and with your friends. elder scrolls games only difrents, its multyplayerand no kill 500 rats in my celler"
,Recommended,306130,20115173,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,my 86 turned into an 85,Thousands of content that will last more than 100+ hours.
,Recommended,306130,20299254,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sainsburys,It's good
,Recommended,306130,27036045,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Officer Meow Meow Fuzzyface,"After a rough launch and feeling the weight of monthly sub, ESO has managed to improve upon itself.It's a vanillia experience of the modern Elder Scroll franchise series meets the typical MMO grind.Things to consider- Lots of additonal ES lore, see the place that Khajitis hang out or the swamps of Reaper's March- Evil Dumbledore threatens Tamariel, fight in Rift style invasion events- Lots of familiar mechanics such as crafting, combat feels akin to ES but more simplified- No more monthly sub but you get stuff for monthly fee including access to all the expansions- New updates every few months, full content updates on a timely basis like KOTOR- Steam Sale prices make it a decent buy for casual play but you'll be waiting awhile for 64 gb install"
,Recommended,306130,27247369,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Woz,I didn't need sleep anyway.
76561198125357720,Recommended,306130,31189617,Posted: 16 April,all,AznLegend,Was here for the free week then I just had to buy it because its sooo addictive
,Recommended,306130,31175452,Posted: 16 April,all,KGeN,"This game is good for people who love to quest,PVP,Craft and explore cause it has a great and big world.Free weekend so good I actually bought the game. Can't remember the last time I did that."
76561198144144102,Recommended,306130,29234831,Posted: 13 January,all,Zephidus,Certainly have no complaints 8)
76561198106975071,Recommended,306130,28807515,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Vespr,"if you have some extra time on your hands, elder scrolls online is the perfect game to play because the amount of grinding and loot is worth it, its so rewarding to get the gear you want and needed and there are many types of gear to try out and many quests to do through out the world, i highly recomend this game if your looking for a game to put many hours into"
76561198091601192,Recommended,306130,26738937,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,FarSolar,"I feel like 2/3 of the recent negative reviews for this game are just complaining that it takes a long time to download 60 GBs. The filesize is large because the game is large. You can't legitimately review a game based off of how long it takes to download. I do understand the reviews about the game being buggy to set up and such though.Anyway, the game is pretty fun if you are into MMOs and Elder Scrolls. This isn't Skyrim with co-op or anything like that though. It's an MMO based on Elder Scrolls lore and characters."
76561198146024268,Recommended,306130,26690256,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Zontar,nice
76561197992108947,Recommended,306130,26719177,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Economist Beard,"I had been reading up on this game for quite some time, so when I noticed that a free weekend was on I had no choice but to give it a shot. 6 hours after playing through the free weekend, I was compelled to buy the base game while it was on sale.As a MMO veteran who's played and enjoyed sandbox PVP games like Shadowbane, DAoC and such, I had some skepticism for ESO before I played it. The skill system looked convoluted, it sounded very theme-parky (I prefer sandbox games) and I was concerned about game-breaking bugs. ES games are known to be buggy, and when I thought of ES as an MMO I though it was going to be a nightmare.After playing for a little over 9 hours, I can thankfully say my fears were unfounded. Yes, this game is a themepark through and through, but it finds itself in this category because the game's mission is to tell a story. Indeed, it has quite the story to tell. It offers freedom of character progression in a way that feels familiar for an ES game, which they manage to do surprisingly well with the way their skill system is constructed. What sounded strange and clunky on paper translates into a system that lets you build the character you want without detracting from other gameplay elements or breaking immersion. I have only encountered one bug so far, which was easily fixed by logging out and in again. I'm sure there'll be more bugs I'll come across, but it's never bothered me in games that I enjoy (ES games and Shadowbane). If you are a fan of MMOs, it's certainly a game worth having on the shelf since there's no sub. If you're a fan of ES games and MMOs, this game will not disappoint so long as you walk into it expecting a ES MMO rather than ES with multiplayer. If you are a ES fan but have never tried MMOs, you may want to wait until a free weekend or find another means to try before you buy.Pros:- Great story telling- Lots of quality of life systems- Combat is enjoyable- Large playerbase- Character skill flexibility- Voice-acted NPC interactions- Great looking graphics and minimalist UI- Some of the best PVP I've enjoyed in a long time- Casual friendlyCons:- Some bugs- Some materials are hard to find (could just be I'm unlucky or they're getting harvested quite a bit by the influx of new players)- Lack of substantial death penalty- No Auction House- Public events (Dark Anchors) are total zerg-fests- PVP is faction-locked and open world PVP restricted to one zone- Hardcore players might feel underwhelmedOverall, ESO is an entertaining themepark experience that gives you just enough flexibilty in how you play that you might forget you're in a themepark. I'll likely be alternating between this and Archeage (when the fresh-start servers go live) until Chronicles of Elyria comes out, and even then, this will be a game I continously revisit."
,Recommended,306130,26724608,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Zerdath,"Good enough.  Especially for <$10.I do wish more MMOs would copy how Elite Dangerous does it, though.  You can load the game Solo with nothing but NPCs, Friends Only, or Public.That's control, right there.If you want Skyrim+other players, this isn't bad.  Could stand a graphical upgrade, since, y'know, no mods on an MMO.  :)"
,Recommended,306130,28595750,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Spooky,It's great game. If you want more of TES u have to have this in you library. 8 out of 10
76561198212589905,Recommended,306130,29684912,Posted: 3 February,all,KingDeCilantro,"A very underrated game in the Elder Scrolls universe, mostly due to false expectations. It has its flaws like any mmo (dense crowds in certain areas, connection errors), but is otherwise very solid and, dare I say, quite fun."
76561198034457388,Recommended,306130,30020034,Posted: 18 February,all,FoXRuN,80+ hours in a little over a week!   Houstin I believe I am an addict!I came from being a hardcore raider in Everquest 2 and a little bit of WoW time.  I do believe I have found my new home.  Now that everything has been revamped it feels more and more like Skyrim and Oblivion.  I can't really tell you much for bugs because I haven't really ran into ANY!  The graphics are beautiful and really immerse you into the game.  You do not pay to win and thats a major plus!You can make a few in-game purchases for currency in the Crown Store.  You can use that to get some essential supplies that will benefit you on your journey to VR14 but nothing that will give you a major advantage over a player that has not made those transactions.Enough of all that.  All I can say is that if you are looking for a new MMO to play and you are reading this.  Stop reading and buy this game!
76561198173355329,Recommended,306130,30038121,Posted: 19 February,all,Wolvx,"This game is so great that I just can't stop myself from playing it. You will really like the atmosphere of Tamriel while you explore. There are different places with different situations that you can play around. I'm still playing through the Dominion storyline and it great! I can't say the same with the other two since I haven't played through those faction, but I can expect it to be great as well. Character customization is really interesting in which you can choose from 4 classes, with the different kinds of races, with different features to that character and a lot more. The controls are really smooth in some areas that are not filled with people(or my specs are just really low) and a little bit laggy in some places like Riften or Auridon but still, it's great with the controls. You don't need to grind for levels to go to different places, you just explore the current map and just find the route to the place where you want to be or find a wayshrine to teleport near it.Overall, the game is really great, controls are smooth(in some places), fighting mechanics is somewhat good, character customization is great, the environment of the game(deserts, forests, mountains, cities, villages, etc.) is great.I recommend playing this game, because of the different features it gives and as well as the story if you're into some Lore. Be open-minded towards this game, this is not Skyrim. This is completely different from Skyrim and don't expect it to be Skyrim."
,Recommended,306130,29885723,Posted: 12 February,all,CeMcQuee,"10 hours in, first impressions as an MMORPG newbieFirst of all, this is not an MMORPG, this is a MMOARPG; and it's been executed rather well.The combat is akin to a combination of Skyrim and Oblivion, with a sprinkling of elements new to TES series. The world is absolutely enormous and the race-faction system is interesting. I can see myself playing a lot more of this."
,Recommended,306130,30018575,Posted: 18 February,all,wowcow,"♥♥♥♥ing love it, and it's such a beautifully designed game. Find my self just staring at the scenery"
,Recommended,306130,30006559,Posted: 18 February,all,Anorexia,Pros- boob/booty sliderCons-
,Recommended,306130,19418263,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,AMD Radeon R9 290,"Good game. HOWEVER, driver keeps crashing every 5 minutes even though I exceed all the requirements. Other than that, its a nice game. Graphics are a bit dissappointing though compared to other games.7/10"
,Recommended,306130,19410980,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Doodlescrub,"Elder Scrolls Online is one heck of a fun MMO. It provides a lot more freedom compared to other MMOs, being able to travel literally anywhere you wish without level boundaries due to its One Tamriel update, adjusting all quests and monsters to your level. It also lets you team up with friends that could be 100 levels higher or lower than you and still have a fair challenge when raiding dungeons and the like.The amount of content they pump out is massive, with many new places to explore and things to do every few months. Some of them are paid, but even the free ones are sometimes about as good as the paid ones. There is no pay-to-win element either.Another point is the minimal amount of grinding you need to do to level up. In addition to the many many quests you can find all over the world, crafting and exploring also grants exp to help you level up. Unlike traditional RPGs which force you to defeat countless mobs to level up, the game rewards you for doing quests instead by giving massive exp for every quest done and giving more exp per monster so you can kill less for more. Levelling up becomes a natural occurrence as you explore the world around you, instead of something you have to do actively.TL;DR: True open-world MMO with no boundaries, lots and lots of content, and natural levelling up with no active grinding required.8.5/10"
,Recommended,306130,19412105,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TheMuckyDuck™,"Live skyrim but online, much better than GW2, the huge map is beautiful! I r8 this 8/8 m8"
,Recommended,306130,19426263,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,A Concerned Citizen,like skyrim with more than skyrim
76561198382714948,Recommended,306130,31511514,Posted: 2 May,all,ninoporfavor,Graphics are great on even med to low settings game play with key board or game pad is easy. Lore in the game is pretty interesting come on give it a try
,Recommended,306130,31375643,Posted: 26 April,all,love it when i cant alttab,"I picked this game up for 10 dollars solely to play it singleplayer. For that it's alright. Some places look even better than locals in skyrim.However, past the shiny surface, if skyrim was an ocean with the depth of a paddling pool, ESO is an ocean with the depth of a water molecule when it comes to singleplayer. The mmo mechanics still worsen the game."
76561198052978669,Recommended,306130,31443817,Posted: 29 April,all,Segiroth,"A this point in time a good MMO combining a number of cool features:- Well designed set of story driven quests that avoid throwing the MMO standard ""collect 10 raptor heads"" into your face (at this point superior to SWTOR given how that one has changed with recent expansions)- Open world PVP DOAC style (Keeps, battle sieges)- Competent group content (4 man dungeons and 12 man Trials (raids) - to be clear WoW PVE level this is not but still fun- Robust crafting systems that actually matters to endgame activities- Constant improvements by the Dev team (compared to release this is a totally different game and for the better)- Alt friendly (the major experience grind - CP is shared among all your characters- Elder Scroll like class buildsOn the annoying side:- no common auction house, mutliple trading networks created by players instead using the guild system- Faction zerging in PVP- insane level or RNG on loot (on top of RNG item drops you have RNG stats so good luck with the grind)- fairly limited number of endgame builds - with race being a significant impact - lock you into a rather limited number of viable class + race templates"
76561197972462096,Recommended,306130,31414289,Posted: 28 April,all,SideArm7,"This has to be one of the better value MMO games now there is no monthly subscription.Game play is standered but strong , GFX very nice , SFX good . Worth a sale buy  9/10 ."
,Recommended,306130,31399528,Posted: 27 April,all,Bobby Zimmeruski,good way to go insane fail your exams and give up on life. 10/10 would give up on life again
76561198182151558,Recommended,306130,27904539,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Coon Cheese Skinhub.com,"You Know you want it, so just get it."
,Recommended,306130,16098557,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Alex Terrible,"♥♥♥♥ this game....Edit: Not that bad, really, it's notI just ♥♥♥♥ed my key over so i spent a long time on finding itIt's a pretty game, and you should try itI haven't got far but i do have a little game time so i have seen things :D"
76561198031653944,Recommended,306130,28013033,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Angelrocking,A very mediocre start that turned to become a trully awesome game!
,Recommended,306130,30891535,Posted: 1 April,all,xX_420_Donald_J_Trump_69_Xx,">Steals tens of thousands worth of gold>Accidentally slips up and gets caught>Sneaks to refuge and deposits gold into bank to avoid penalty>Guard stops you and expects payment for your crimes>Attempts to run from guard, gets killed>""Heh, yer never getting me lucky charms""> ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)10/10 - would scam guards again"
,Recommended,306130,31470835,Posted: 30 April,all,rEd,Started playing on my lute.People started to gather around.They started to dance and play their instrument.Community 11/10http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=916554257
76561198077423599,Recommended,306130,19511272,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Mishka,Nearly finished my character creation. Lets see how good game is.
76561197971206119,Recommended,306130,31622184,Posted: 8 May,all,monGoose1G,Better Than WoW!
,Recommended,306130,31730194,Posted: 13 May,all,KyleJames0408,"Hello Fellow Citizens of Tamriel,I strongly recommend The Elder Scrolls(R) Online: Tamriel Unlimited(TM)! I'm not particularly far into the game, and I'm hooked! I have played for two hours, and that's just by the tutorial and by the starting area, by which I may add I'm still not out of! It's one of the most captivating games that I have ever played with a friend. Typically online roleplaying games can be a pain to play with friends, but this was incredibly easy and I had a great time! The number of choices in the game is insane as well! You might delve into creating your character for much longer than you had originally intended! The game allows you to explore so much and people can all pick up the same items. The skill tree is also incredible and I'm in love with how all of it is functioning! The third person work in this game is also great, so the first person or third person works really well! The game is worth every penny, especially if you have friends to play it with!-Kyle James"
,Not Recommended,306130,30032159,Posted: 19 February,all,djschaum520,"1.) Dungeon finder is broken and has been for several months. Sometimes you don't get the bonus award for completing a random dungeon, or you get ported out of the dungeon for no reason at all, or you are stuck in an endless queue for a dungeon until you leave the queue and requeue.2.) Small number of active abilities (10+ 2 ultimates) makes combat very repetitive. Even if you cycle out the abilities for others, it still doesn't mater since you will be only using either the abilities that you enjoy to use or the ones that are ideal for a certain build3.) You are at a gameplay disadvantage if you aren't a subscriber. 10% less exp gained, 10% less gold gained, and can't access the craft bag (holds crafting items and has unlimited slots)4.) PVP is rediculously imbalanced. OP builds can easily 1-2 shot you making it extremely frustrating."
76561198160900171,Recommended,306130,31760777,Posted: 14 May,all,jonpmar114,So kinda confused here I purchased the morrowind upgrade on steam a few months back does that mean I'll have early access to the game on May 22nd??
,Recommended,306130,31812093,Posted: 17 May,all,Jae | Why So Serious?,"The Elder Scrolls Online:- Tamriel Unlimited -The Elder Scrolls Online is an absolutely stunning game and I would recommend this to any fan of The Elder Scrolls, any MMO, RPG or Open-World lover. If your debating on buying it, I highly suggest you do, you most likely will not regret it. If you think this game is like The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, you are wrong. ESO replaces Skyrm's hack-and-slash combat system with an ability focused combat system. Although the freedom of the Elder Scrolls games carries over to ESO.There is something about the world of the elder scrolls online that give me the chills. It gives us the oppertunity to go where ever we want and do what ever we want. We have the oppertunity like any other elder scrolls game, to skip the main quest line and wander off to do whatever you want. You can spend your time just slaying monsters if that is what you want. The oppertunities are limitless. The content we get in this game is out of this world. If you think the world of Skyrim or Morrowind was huge, you will be blown away by the size and the content of this game. The in-game world of Tamriel are made up of individual zones. The size of the zones varies, but they can be as large as size of Skyrim.ESO started out as a ""meh"" kinda game. I've played it since the closed beta early in 2014. Although I enjoyed the game, it was not a very good game. With all the patches and updates like One-Tamriel, it has changed the game completely. If you compare the game in 2014 with how the game is today in 2017, it will be like two different games. I've invested over 1500 hours into this game. Its an absolutely breath-taking and social-life-destroying game. It has now broken some off the barriers which the post-One Tamriel game did have, like not being able to go where ever you wanted to go and not being able to play with your friends that arent in the same alliance as you.I've loosely touched some of the positive topics about the game, but now its about time to visit the dark side of ESO. I feel like the developers of ESO has focused more on their cash shop, the crown store more than the core game. They've added gambling aspects to the game by introducing Crown Crates, which are crates that contains four random items from a specific loot table. While they have been fleshing out their cash shop, we have yet to see the dungeon group-finder being fixed or the immense server issues we have. If we look at what they are selling in the crown store, we can see that they sell costumes and other cosmetic items like mounts and pets for half or the same price as the major DLCs in the game. Sometimes.... or rather most of the time, when the developers makes an update to the game to balance out the four classes (Dragonknight, Sorcerer, Templar and Nightblade) in the game, it seems they are just screwing things up even more. By the updates they are released previously, it seems like they dont even play the game. I just cant understand their logic sometimes. Instead of balancing out the classes, they just nerf everything to the ground. I feel like they should hire the top tier players from every aspect of the game like PVE, PVP... and even questing and exploration. It isnt very often we are very happy with the updates they release.But after all, nobody is perfect....By @TheElderDog (EU)"
,Recommended,306130,31814518,Posted: 17 May,all,Crouton,"779 hours played, at the time I had completed what content was available to be 'completed,' as I understand it the game has changed a lot since I last played but its still ESO and a solid MMO with the signature flexibility in building your characters skills out. Play it, if you enjoy it play some more and welcome to the world of MMOs."
,Recommended,306130,27919344,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,☬ Zenith Nadir ☬,"Great game that really brought me over to an MMO, coming from playing mostly single-player games like the original Elder Scrolls. I know that originally this game was apparently pretty terrible, but now it's just amazing how long the storylines are and how much there is to do in the whole game. The quests are usually a pretty good combo between deep singleplayer quests and radiant quests, with a lot of variance in between. The game doesn't force you to play with everyone, it seems to be pretty functional as a mainly singleplayer game, but allows you to team up with other players to expand upon that experience.Overall a great MMO, especially if you love Elder Scrolls lore."
76561198042992351,Recommended,306130,31803440,Posted: 17 May,all,Hello,2/10 maps are too small.But I can play as a werewolf so that's cool.
,Recommended,306130,20224888,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,martianmarsbar,This game is very different to Skyrim but I think its unfair to compare the two.Its a great game and it gets very addicting!!! XDDD
76561198080518399,Recommended,306130,31914074,Posted: 23 May,all,Mr.Unhappy,If you like the elder scroll series then you should buy it
,Recommended,306130,31128823,Posted: 13 April,all,Badulf; Jötunn,"Yeah I like it, it's good, buy it. Even though the entire MMO genre is a dying thing and you can't really have a♥♥♥♥♥♥measuring contest anymore when it comes to MMO's.  A very huge decline drop on the popularity scale unfortunately, but... about the game though? It's what you'd expect out of Elder Scrolls except you can just go anywhere that is within the lore, which is neat. It's an Elder Scrolls game with multiplayer with more hotkeys basically."
,Recommended,306130,13649877,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Dusty,I previously have said this game was awful because I cant run it but now i have a better computer and i can run it it is an amazing game! I love it im totally addicted now Just a warning i dont know if they changed it yet but if you have a low spec pc (my old one was $600 and couldnt run it) you cant play it (easily) But the game is very openworld it is very extent in pvp and fun to play with friends (if you have any...) but anyways you can still meet friends on the game and get in guilds to fight and destroy castles in pvp but for some people who hate pvp there is still an amazing PVE experience to be played through i havnt tried it with friends on pve because i have none but anyways out of my life and back to the game Great graphics Vsync might lag as always but buy the game it is very Fun and beutiful
76561198046462612,Recommended,306130,31914868,Posted: 23 May,all,(￣ー￣),"It's fine if you just play it like you want to and how you want to.When you start getting into stuff like min-maxing and trying to be the ""best"" is when you'll hate it.There's certainly a lot of content and things to do/get lost with.But it can also get to you when you're just randomly doing quests that all kind of blend together usually."
,Recommended,306130,31910118,Posted: 22 May,all,PunkNDonuts,"Being a huge Elder Scrolls fan already since the beginning, I was already anxious to try the Online version. This is my first MMORPG and I am amazed ! I love this game so much! I can't stop playing."
76561198190574857,Recommended,306130,31911922,Posted: 22 May,all,Vibrid,"Well some say its not as good as Elder Scrolls Skyrim, but its ALOT more Elder Scrolls to play and i love it, i also love playing with my friends are exploring this new, and awesome game"
,Recommended,306130,31257903,Posted: 20 April,all,stephenod01,"Elder Scrolls Online is an amazing game to play, The depth of the mmo is great and stays true to the Elder Scrolls lore. In a way its like skyrim but its also different. I'd recommend anyone who enjoys mmo's and the elder scrolls games to play it."
76561198041440523,Recommended,306130,31258020,Posted: 20 April,all,Easyb,"Funish. Not as submersive and complete as a single player Elder Scrolls game, But it will do for now."
76561198219791627,Recommended,306130,31274079,Posted: 21 April,all,Oh Honey!,very good game!
,Recommended,306130,31333173,Posted: 23 April,all,Catman,It's pretty good i guess!
,Recommended,306130,31336061,Posted: 24 April,all,诸葛亮,"I know other people reviewed this game as bad, but to me its a really good ! the game is big, the locations are beautiful if you have a strong PC, you make friends by doing quest and many more. I know some might compare this game's graphic to skyrim's graphic but ESO's graphic is really amazing compare to any other MMOs out there. I highly recommend this game to anyone whose a fan of TES. Look, you might be sceptical about my review but trust me it's worth the shot.Thank you for taking the time to read my review !"
,Recommended,306130,31337554,Posted: 24 April,all,ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗApkeyᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,its a very good game i like it
76561198157236483,Recommended,306130,31987019,Posted: 26 May,all,Maya,"I appreciate the elder scrolls online. I listen to lectures while playing it.You do quests, steal things, and get better equpiment like most mmo's.It's better to play with friends, although ALEKS WON'T PLAY WITH ME >:CGROWLS*"
76561198065614919,Recommended,306130,29411290,Posted: 21 January,all,TheCubanRat,"I remember when I first picked up this game for Xbox. I complained about the combat and how there were designated buttons for certain moves that your character could perform like in World of Warcraft. It didn't feel like past Elder Scrolls Games I played. Then I realized I had been trying to play the game as if it were Oblivion or Morrowind and not like the MMO the creators intended it to be. From that point on, I have been engrossed in the world of tamriel. Every place is unique, all the quests are fun and I finally learned to love the combat. The world is massive and brimming with interesting characters and places to explore. Do yourself a favor and pick up this game when you get the opportunity."
76561198141402239,Recommended,306130,28704178,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gerry,"Live this game, deeper you get into it, the more addictive it becomes, fantastic graphics, fantastic game play."
,Recommended,306130,28006356,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sol Slayer,For an mmorpg it has to be one of the best ones out there. Very well made and the graphics are fantastic.
76561198262412548,Recommended,306130,27929977,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KONDOMBESI,good game
,Recommended,306130,29462907,Posted: 24 January,all,Noot Noot,"I got this game not long after it first came out, and to be honest it wasn't the best by any means. I had barely any hours in it but eecently I came back to it after the One Tamriel update and the game has changed a ton I started playing it with 2-5 friends and besides the main story line being dull I love the game now. This is coming from someone who has played many other mmos before but couldn't get into them but for me this one is different. If you're thinking about getting it I highly recommend it especially if you plan to play with friends."
,Recommended,306130,29363258,Posted: 19 January,all,Tyrael,Just started but I like it
76561198077583414,Recommended,306130,28215635,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,gretzky36,By far my favorite MMORPG. In my opinion this game stays truer to the fantasy genre than any other.
76561198273399047,Recommended,306130,28521421,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,shaunfigg,"i love eso, Since i first downloaded and started playing i havent played any other game a brilliant game, absoloute perfection & has kept me glued  10/10+Probaly the number 1 thing i love about eso is that when u think your the ""boss"" and you cannot learn any more on this game........ you realise you are still a ""noob"" that happens all the time man hahaha i am well over cp cap but still very much a noob, the devs deserve some real credit man such a great game........(honestly loyal to skyrim, yet is defo still an mmo of epic proportion :D    )finally but not least, if you are new to eso i HIGHLY reccomend going eso plus membership, at least till u reach cp cap, it is all well n good watching youtube vids that say loot EVRYTHING but your bag space adds days n days of un-enjoyable game play........ sign up at least in the start.... TRUST ME....."
76561198097466281,Recommended,306130,28996079,Posted: 3 January,all,Lone Scum,"Can't recommend this enough. Immense dynamic world where your choices in quest actually alter the ending of them. Fun diverse classes, 4 to start with and many more complete skill trees you gather on the way. Dynamic mechanical combat, coming from a die-hard Dark Souls fan I found the combat just as good as Dark Souls. If you ever wanna get invested in an MMO this is the one to go."
76561198074599017,Recommended,306130,26836689,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chelo,The best MMO you can find on Steam right now...
76561198031571668,Recommended,306130,26792533,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Flats the Flounder,If you loved Skyrim you would love this game too: especially it has multiplayer.
,Recommended,306130,26852649,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Teehee,noice
76561198147996235,Recommended,306130,26914857,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,M.M.D ア.イ.ちゃん~,"Oh common guys, I dont understand with the bad reviews saying that this game is bad, and saying this is different than skyrim. But why compare it to the skyrim? This is different from the other TES series because thats how it should be. They have tried to develop something which isnt available to become available, an ""Elder Scrolls online"". Should you compare to other MMO games out there, eventually you will think that this is the gem among the others. At least, give it a try, guys"
,Recommended,306130,26926865,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kappa Gnome,"A great game.I never played Elder Scrolls series that much, only started on Skyrim and really liked it.My friends bought the game so I thought ""Hell, I should try it too"".Little that I knew, I got hooked to that game like a fish got hooked on a hook.-Loads of content-Really like the concept"
,Recommended,306130,27018179,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,eaturbyfill,"10/10, would accidentally steal a tomato and get killed by guards again."
76561197996882164,Recommended,306130,29977328,Posted: 16 February,all,TexRob,"I really disliked this in closed beta for some reason.  I saw the Morrowind announcement a while back, and had heard over the years news of the game getting better and better, so decided to give it a look.  I come from a background that started with Everquest and has been all over the place ever since.  I was pretty much done with MMOs, all the time commitments, the raiding, all that stuff is a huge turn off to me at 39 years old.  I don't know exactly what it is about ESO, but this is the first game in a long while to have the feeling of a living environment like I did the first time I played Everquest.I could go on and on, this game is great, it's worth it.  What I will say though is this:  Even if you have no desire to play an MMO, but love RPGs or Elder Scrolls, play this, and heck, turn off chat if you want.  The sheer amount of quest content and recorded dialogue is mind boggling.  I can't believe a game I hated in closed beta is now one of the biggest hits I've been a part of in a very long time."
76561198258688716,Recommended,306130,31236938,Posted: 19 April,all,₩ΟΘΔ ΜΘΣΣ,good game for a fun time with friends but even if you have no friends like me you'll notice an interesting plot :)
,Recommended,306130,23119389,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TrustNo1,"Originally after having a few bugs like the game not increasing the time played on steam (at time of writing, well over 100 hours), the game has got a very enthusiastic team of devs behind it. Bethesda care for their games and after a bit of time has got it really right. This is very additive; no fee to pay (ESO Plus is worth it for really frequent players like me) and the expanse world of Tamriel is incredible.The game is getting a Direct X 12 Patch. It is going to be better, which is hard to beat. There are a few things missing though from core games like Skyrim, Oblivion and Morrowind. Spellcrafting is not in the game for instance but a new spell system is 'on the backburner' whilst expansion packs are being developed. A lot is still to do but to be on the journey with the devs and the great community of players is 100% worth it.100% recommend as a must have to any gamers collection!"
,Recommended,306130,32358699,Posted: 11 June,all,Neptune,10/10 Would play all day.
,Recommended,306130,28599368,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Garringer,One Tamriel was definitely a huge improvement a number of game systems and general quality of life stuff. The end game PvP is pretty great if you are willing top buy the DLC dungeons and it handles addons well. I would recommend it as long as you have friends to play with.
,Not Recommended,306130,31480327,Posted: 30 April,all,Ditchgnome,"Welp, since I can't post this on the expansion page... here we go. The original Morrowind is my favorite game of all time; I spent a significant portion of my younger years in this land and hold many fond memories about my time in it. The prospect of seeing and exploring this land with updated graphics and earlier in the Elder Scrolls timeline sucked me back into ESO. While I do enjoy Morrowind for what it is, it is not worth getting at this time for most people, especially for $40. The story, in MMO terms, is short; it can be completed in 6 to 8 hours of gameplay, depending on your playstyle. The new class, the Warden, is quite fun, but doesn't add anything groundbreaking in the gameworld; perhaps that was the intent, but besides trying it out, there is little to incentive to switch to the class. We do get a new trial and 4v4 pvp mode, which will add plenty of gameplay for some, the more casual, PvE players will definently feel wanting for more. I hope they plan on adding more to this expansion; asking $40 for an MMO expansion and getting what we got is a slap in the face. I will stop into this world from time to time because I love the Elder Scrolls, but I am disapointed in what is supposed to be an MMORPG expansion; perhaps I am out of line, but an expansion should provide content enough to sustain months of new gameplay, not a month.TL;DR: Hardcore ESO players with a subscription get it. Casual players on a tight budget just enjoy what you have until they add more or it goes on sale. People who hated the game already because it is ""delaying"" the next Elder Scrolls, keep doing your thing."
,Recommended,306130,29433844,Posted: 22 January,all,Devan The God,eh its worth a hour ..
76561198159511526,Recommended,306130,31411819,Posted: 28 April,all,Sir Boring,"Gameplay is about what you'd expect from a regular Elder Scrolls game, so not that great, but a little bit better with AOE attacks and attacks that are best blocked. Being an MMO, though, it's all incredibly easy.Storylines, including the main one, are all pretty great. The final boss battle of the main questline is fantastic, and all the usual lore is there. There are some rather unsavory quests that just felt like LGBT propaganda though. Like seriously, a mother doesn't want her daughter to be lesbian, so she summons the Daedric Prince of Destruction to ""fix"" it? Give me a break.PVP was pretty great at the start, but since the game became non-subscription, the PVP has become incredibly laggy. No matter how good my PC is and what my graphics settings are, I can't get more than 30 FPS in large scale battles. Also, th ey removed champion points for PVP, which made playing a ton and getting a ton of EXP worth something more.Anyway, if you enjoy Elder Scrolls for the lore, quests and that good ol' Elder Scrolls feel, this game is definitely worth a one time fee."
76561198034688810,Recommended,306130,27690429,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CanadianStoner,"Never played a MMO in my life.  This changed my life.Start with NO prior expectations of the series, and you will love it."
,Recommended,306130,25669737,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Spaghettikid,"As a huge fan of Bethesda's, Elder Scrolls and Fallout games, I waited off buying Elder Scrolls Online as I read it was a completely different experience from the single player games I was used to (also thee subscription was also a big no-no).As games like Skyrim are so well know, I will try to compare this to that, as a lot of people like myself might be confused at how this game will play when compared to it. I have never played many MMO's except for Runescape when I was younger, and so I cannot say whether this is better for you than other MMO's.The feel of the game is very much the same as the rest of the Elder Scrolls games, and the world is exactly what I would have wanted as you can now explore many different parts of Tamreil than before, seeing the home of the different races, and therefore getting more backstory and feel for the differences between races.I feel the biggest difference this game had from Skyrim was the combat system, which in skyrim was very 1v1 and had a more difficult feel when groups of enemies appear. Its almost as if the scale of the combat has been changed, as now you can fight hoards of enemies and much more interesting 'bosses'. This I suppose is more like what MMO's usually do, but the skyrim combat allowed for more interesting tactics like stealth, whereas ESO has less of that.Another big change is the crafting system, which in ESO has a huge assortment of different options. For weapons and armour you now chose the material, quantity of material, style and trait. This allows for many more combinations of weapons and armour, but is a steep learning curve go through until you fully understand what you are doing. But this allows you to make armour in any material which is styled to your race (or any other race if you'd prefer). I remember in Skyrim and Oblivion, making dwarvern or elven armour which looked good, but looked aweful on some races and roles, whereas this new crafting system allows you to make a bigger variety of styles to suit your needs.As well as weapon and armour crafting you also have provisioning for food (which is actually useful for once) which gives you 30 minute boosts in health, magic or stamina. There are literally hundreds of ingredients which you can use in hundreds of recipes, and for a while you struggle to find the right ingredients, and fill your inventory with useless ones. Gradually as you find or buy more recipes you will get this under control and will reduce the amount of crap you feel you have to carry; around as someday, 200 berries might be useful!The alchemy is very much the same, however uses an additional item to decide on whether you make a potion or poison, and what level they will be.The enchanting is a bit weird, and seemingly complicated as you have to chose three runestones for each enchanting glyph which you then add to weapon/armour/jewelry.These three runes decided on first the level and strength of the enchantment, the effect of the enchantment, and then the quality. So you will end up being confused by the weirdly named runestones, but once you use them it tells you what they do and you will have enchanting figured out.The multiplayer aspect of the game is a weird one, at some points quests say they are solo only, and some are just quests you and friends can decide to do at the same time, however some require a group of 4 to play, as the dungeon areas will be leveled to a group of 4, so on your own you might struggle a little (a lot). Luckily there is also a feature to do these dungeons with randomers in a group finder, so you can still play ESO completely even if you are the only person you know who has the game.The subscription (ESO+); which I don't and have never had, seems to only add in features to make things a little easier. You will get a small boost in xp and gold gained, and will get some other handy features like an unlimited crafting bag, so you can carry around hundreds of berries without worrying about a full inventory. The main benefit is being able to play all the DLC whilst you have ESO+ and also you get some crowns every month which you can spend on purchasing anything you want, either the DLC you want to have forever, or and other things like pets, mounts, apparels.It is worth me saying that I dont feel I NEED to get the subscription to enjoy the game, I rarely ever consider it, other than when I fill my inventory (which happens regularly), as there is so much in the game that the extra quest lines aren't needed for a veeerry long time.In summary, the combat is on a bigger scale, the world is gigantic and gorgeous, the quests are what you are used to in Skyrim, and the crafting is complicated, but allows a huge amount of possibilities if you want that. I definitely recommend the game to anyone who loves and other Elder Scrolls game, as long as you are not looking for a sequel, as this is definitely NOT the same as Skyrim, but takes Skyrim, and blows it up into an MMO, which adds in a bunch of good things, but also takes away a lot of the simplicities. The only complaints I have are the sometimes very unreliable framerates, and the annoyingly easy to fill inventory, but these are minor problems in an overall great game."
,Recommended,306130,28212790,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,✘ LraZ ✘,Great game :)
,Recommended,306130,22336848,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,vardanyan -,"The Elder Scrolls Online - Tamriel UnlimitedIntroductionTamriel. A continent at war. The Dominion, Pact and Covenant fight for supremacy in the Imperial province of Cyrodiil. Meanwhile, Molag Bal has stolen your ♥♥♥♥ing soul.Review -11/26/15GraphicsTamriel Unlimited is pretty. It has a variety of different environments - from the sandy, sunbaked land of Elsweyr, to the frigid, unforgiving land that is Eastmarch. Whilst no, the graphics aren't particularly revolutionary, and definitely not the same quality as Skryim, this is to be expected. For an MMORPG, the Elder Scrolls Online is up there with one of the best looking. Occasionally the world looks a bit 'the same', but usually as you advance to other provinces, the environment and ambience is noticeably different.EDIT: After a discussion with someone who commented on this review (which you can read below) I'd like to add this:Skyrim was a very graphically capable game. The base game, on ultra, compared to ESO, on ultra, is more graphically detailed than ESO in my opinion. However, this may depend on different viewpoints and whatnot. The graphics design and feel each game wishes to portray is different, and this may lead to differences in opinion - which is to be expected.8/10PvEPlayer vs Environment is the part of this game that gets particularly monotonous. It's the easiest way to level up, as you gain a considerable amount of experience for each quest you complete, but it does indeed become a chore. The characters are forgettable, the quests the same. Kill this, gather 'x' amount of this, talk to her/him. In my 145 hours of playtime, only a few quests have got me genuinely interested. You skip dialogue as it does not mean anything or add to the plot. It does, however, reveal some beautiful locations and there are a FEW interesting quests. For the most part, however, PvE in ESO:TU is pretty 'meh'.4.5/10PvPIf you're not sure about buying ESO for the PvE aspect, definitely consider buying it for the PvP aspect. It is likely the most fun I've ever had in an MMORPG. Nothing quite compares to standing aside a host of 50+ players as trebuchets pound castle walls, the walls crumble, and hundreds of players clash on the field of battle. If you're an Elder Scrolls fan and have always fantasized about some sort of war in Tamriel - buy this game. You're allowed to enter Tamriel at Lvl 10 (3-4 hours of playtime?). Once you enter, your stats are boosted to Veteran Rank 1(?). This means a Level 10 can still be (relatively) effective fighting higher levels, so it's pretty balanced. The PvP itself takes place in the Imperial Province of Cyrodiil, which has been invaded by three seperate factions-The Aldmeri Dominion (High Elf, Wood Elf, Khajit)The Daggerfall Covenant (Breton, Orc, Redguard)The Ebonheart Pact (Argonian, Nord, Dunmer)(With Imperial package you can play as an Imperial in any alliance)There are 15/16 castles around the province, 6 of which surround the Imperial City. There are also various outposts. Around the castles are resources, which, if captured, give benefits to the faction who owns them.The PvP is what makes this game, and what convinced me to stay for 100+ hours.9.5/10UI/LevellingThe UI is well-designed, not too obtrusive. Levelling up is also pretty simple - each time you level up, you get to choose which stat to invest in - stamina, health or magicka.You can then choose a skill which you can plonk in your hotbar and use. Nothing broken or overpowered, though it does take testing to find the most effective skill sets.8.5/10CraftingI'm not going to lie, I've not experimented in crafting at all, so this section is from friends' experiences.It's good. Dying your items can make your armor very unique, the materials are varied and it does take up time. It's not simple. Which is good."
76561198376282154,Recommended,306130,30822238,Posted: 29 March,all,Hunting_Bay,I love playing this game and I recomend this game to everyone who plays online games
,Recommended,306130,19488979,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,GLeeM,its not as bad as everyone says
76561198346473772,Recommended,306130,32413680,Posted: 14 June,all,mateiadrian997,"Been hoping for a MMORPG that would be somewhat similar to TES series for ages...amazing, simply amazing!!"
,Recommended,306130,32421027,Posted: 14 June,all,Veyli,One of the best games I ever played
76561198119231829,Recommended,306130,29953753,Posted: 15 February,all,_StreakShot,"Awesome game!  Great combat, questing is fun, beautiful landscape, a lot of ways to level in the game especially after the One Tamriel update (Basically gave every player the freedom to do to whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they want).  10/10 would definitly recommend!!!!!"
76561198128140305,Recommended,306130,27429492,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ረዳት የሌለው,Good Game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,306130,31213707,Posted: 18 April,all,Giggle Monster (Lihan),"The game got so much better than launch, finally they did this game right"
,Recommended,306130,32270116,Posted: 8 June,all,MrTimmiGun,"Installed the game on steam that took me 16 hours, then opened it and had to reinstall the entire thing again on the launcher. 10/10 would uninstall again"
,Recommended,306130,27852571,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,itsharmjan,Just a really fun game
76561198055363832,Recommended,306130,28114178,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Trent,"When this game first came out I was so excited to finally have a good MMO to play again.  Like many I waited a while to buy it to see if it was good and unfortunately all the reviews were♥♥♥♥♥♥  So I scrapped the game and forgot about it.  Fast forward to now, my brother said the game got good.  I bought it and boy was he right.  I've had it for a week and have logged about 90 hours so far.  There is so much to do in the game it is insane.  Wanna group?  Cool get a group and grind or do dungeons.  Wanna solo?  Cool go solo everything and never talk to anyone.  The crafting, combat, and even the ""auction house"" in this game are all unique and fun.  I love everything about this game except that my real life friends think I'm dead or something."
,Recommended,306130,19599718,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Wyv,Got killed by a Mudcrab. Game too hard 9/11
76561198255039758,Recommended,306130,30228161,Posted: 27 February,all,SillyD,"This game is massive! I play single player so I'll comment on that experience only. The games run well on moderate power Mac, graphics is beautiful, and main and side stories are quite engaging. You can expore everywhere, just need to be careful to avoid tough fights. Penalty for dying is small and thus encourage me to explore freely."
,Recommended,306130,16699356,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Foxeler [FURRY] [NEIN] [CXQB],"First off, the visuals are good. Its better a combination of a little of each elder scrolls game. (Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim) And the story line is nice and long.  BUT, If Destiny wasnt your thing this problebly isnt either. The gamplay, fighting could be better, but its alright for now. The class and race system is different from skyrim, but I think it gives it a nice touch. And the new models are fantastic.  I would reccomend this to anyone who has played any of the Elder Scrolls Games. In all, I would give this a 9/10."
,Recommended,306130,26727495,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,[FU] Nightelf691,Its fun
76561198035549246,Recommended,306130,28759411,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Humperdoo,"You know,if you like Elder Scrolls, you will like this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cousin."
76561198086962556,Recommended,306130,26718804,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Plague Marine,"I got this game on the free weekend, I've been eyeing it for some time but never quite had the money to pick it up. Right now i can terll you if your coming in wiuth a Skyrim way of thinking your gonna be disapointe, However if you like MMO's this game is gonna be a breath of fresh air plus like Guild wars 2 it's a pay then play style of MMO, meaning you pay for the game once and then play for free. I'd say give it a go if you want cause i cannot reccoment it enough."
76561198088838960,Recommended,306130,31142888,Posted: 14 April,all,Muttá,10/10 Doesn't require a monthly subscription fee.
76561198139617815,Recommended,306130,23562172,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Crawford,"Definitely RecommendedQuick Overall:This is one of the best MMO's I've ever encountered. From the visual quality to the vast ammount of different ways to play, quests to follow, and things to experience, it's an utterly beautiful game to pick up and put a lot of time into.What I like:Right away there is lot of customizability to your character to have fun with, with nine different races spanning three possible alliances and four different starting classes with their own set of skills and abilities (not including DLC). There's a good ammount of slide-bars to customizing your character's face and body, hair and markings. Each of the three alliances determine where you start in Tamriel after the tutorial (which is optional after its first completion).The lore and questlines are very in-depth and interesting to follow, especially having played previous Elder Scrolls games. There are more than enough throughout the game, to the point where plenty of them become irrelevant to your level by the time you get to every one in each area. This can make every playthrough, every character, a new and unique experience to the last.Skills and Abilities from character to character are extremely well thought out, even though a little vague or difficult to understand in the sense that they seem to have different level-up requirements. There's your class skill tree, determined by the one of four classes you chose in the character creation menus. Also there's several skill trees for weaponry alone, including one weapon and shield (also leveled up without a shield), two handed weapons, duel wielding, destruction staff, restoration staff, bows, etc. Beyond weaponry there are tons of skill trees in crafting (including woodworking, alchemy, enchanting, blacksmithing, clothing, etc) as well as world skills (lockpicking, pickpocketing, sneaking etc) guild skills (fighters guild, mages guild, etc) and even more.On the topic of guilds: Pretty much every Elder Scrolls game has the fighters guild, the mages guild, the thieves guild, etc. Well ESO has more than any of them. It includes these usual guilds and adds plenty more, each with their own skill tree and abilities as well as questlines.The crafting is very well done, very in-depth with in-game certifications, tutorials, and even questlines for each and every crafting skill which on top of the quests, guilds, and weaponry on top of classes, really makes every play through and character a new experience.There's great opportinuty to make a stand-alone character, or a full group of differently-talented characters that work well together. This includes a great system for befriending, locating friends, being in groups with trading, sharing xp, player-to-player guilds, etc.In terms of mechanics: I love the option of first or third person, the VAST array of emotes, the smooth gameplay in and out of combat, the traveling systems, etc.Plenty of DLC is available to add onto the game and do even more with each character, including mounts, quests, crafting styles of armors and weapons, pets, guilds (thieves guild and Dark Brotherhood are both DLC) etc.The map size is incredible. There's not much to say other than that it is probably one of the largest maps in a massively multiplayer game I've seen, however still not too large to the point of difficulty moving from lower-level areas to higher ones.What I don't like:The very first thing I disklied about the game is the fact that the Thieves Guild and Dark Brotherhood are DLC. It's an understandable choice on Bethesda's part, but not a favorable one.On that note: The DLC is rather expensive. There is a Crown system in place where players purchase crowns (or are rewarded crowns through membership) to be used in any buying of DLC I've listed in things that I like. ESO does make having a membership, even for a 3-6 month period worth it due to the fact that a decent amount of crowns are given per-month on top of full access to all DLC such as the Thieves Guild, Dark Brotherhood, Imperial Race, dungeons etc. However, crowns on their own are expensive and there is no way to earn them without purchasing, which i wish would be changed.There currently is an achievemtn system which yes, is fun, but is also just like the xbox achievement system where the score/sum of your achievements is purely for bragging rights. Personally, I wish there was a system in place where crowns were awarded based on achievement score; therefore more play-time and effort into the game, the more crowns rewarded for your choice of DLC.The next thing is the lack of a mass-trader or auction house. There is no way to be a solo player and sell items in a player-to-player store. There is a guild-store that allows you to sell items to other players of the same player-to-player guild (which has a minimum of a 50 people in your guild to be accessable) but other than that, selling and buying items between players is difficult to non-existant.The final thing is the CO-OP/PVP system, which is a big thing for an MMO. It's an interesting system with the three alliance options. This makes it so each alliance is at war with one-another. Although I do agree that the ability to change alliances after character creation would not work due to people just switching to the winning alliance, I do wish that your race did not determine your alliance, rather you got to choose it seperately than your race. I understand how it is put in place based around lore and storyline, however with such a world make-up that Tamriel has, a personal backstory to why a character of a certain race is in whatever alliance of their choosing is pretty easily explained. And in addition, I do not like the difficulty of playing with friends in different alliances. Because the early levels 1-20 roughly are seperate based on alliance, though you may be in a group with a friend, you cannot actually play together or fight the same enemies until later in the game when the alliances possibly converge in world-space."
,Recommended,306130,27240399,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,qutalce,absolutely amazing!!!
,Recommended,306130,26424938,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Soleiman™ ソレイマン Osu!,"This Game is For Warriors, Mages, Archers.... And Gamers also ;P"
,Recommended,306130,26985096,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zakuda,Its a pretty cool game the quests are interesting and playing it with friends is fun.
76561198040897297,Recommended,306130,26904235,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DeadPaladinLord,After trying to play this game on Xbox mutiple times and just quitting of unenjoyment i was reluctant to play after the One Tamriel update. I was glad to give this game a chance on PC afterwards I have been enjoying it and found it much more enjoyable this time around.
,Recommended,306130,27036428,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nightmare Duckie,"This MMORPG ruined all other MMORPGs for me.The maps are beautifully crafted and full of things to do and find at every corner.The maps and dungeons look great in both third and first person, very few camera conflicts I've found.The sound design is amazing, this game needs to be played at least once with no music on.The combat is a mix of clicking and 1-5 number key skills with an ultimate ability, the importance of blocking, parrying, and dodging keep combat exciting and engaging.The game is entirely open to play exactly as you want to, with One Tamriel the entire world is open to you the second you start the character (if you bypass the tutorial that is), crafting and gathering has no unlock or ""you can only have two gather abilities and two craft abilities"" you can gather anything and craft in any trade as you please, no matter where you are in the game you can pick up and start using any weapon, skill reset gold cost is based on how many skillpoints you have unlocked so it always stays reasonably priced as you progress, you can mix and match armors to create your ideal buffs. While there are MLG builds online it is immensely fun to just experiement and create your own new custom playstyle by testing out different combinations of class, weapons, armors, and skills.The community is the best I've encountered in an MMORPG. Zone conversations can be fun and people are always extremely helpful to new players. You'll notice many people will craft you gear or give you certain items for cheap or free if you ask.Group content is fun and challenging, the ability to switch skillbars/weaponbars in combat allows you to jump from DPS to Healer or Tank to DPS etc. as needed.PvP is really fun. I've only done it once but when I did I rode out with a large Daggerfall Covenant army and laid seige to an Aldmeri Dominon fortress. After a lengthly and massive PvP fight we killed and dethroned the Aldmeri Emperor and appointed one of our own to the throne. I will say that these massive PvP wars can get laggy with all the players on screen.Side quests are very well made and very fun to do. All of the side quests have interesting stories and interesting objectives, rarely fetch-quests or ""kill 40 skeletons"" quests. Quests can be started in multiple ways depending on how you stumble upon a situation. A lot of quests also have choices on how to complete them. My favorite part is that bigger side quests will actually change the world for you when completed, and some change the world differently depending on how you complete the quest; it really makes you feel like your efforts impact the world.Edit:I completely forgot to add one of my favorite parts to this game. The purchase. This game does ""Buy to Play"" really well. It's extremely refreshing to be able to buy it once and play for months off-and on taking as long breaks as you want not having to worry about a recurring subscription or ""wasted paid-for game time."" The entire huge base game and every event/update is always avaliable to you once you buy it. The in-game microtransaction 'Crown Store' is only full of cosmetic items and 'speed-up' items like EXP boosts. Many items like Vampire or Werewolf skilline, skill/attribute point respec, or racial crafting style motifs can be found or purchased in game with in-game gold for normal non-""buy crowns to make it bearable"" prices. If you do buy a subscription or 30, 90, 180 days of ""ESO Plus"" you get +10% experience, gold gain, and crafting research speed, allotment of Crowns to use in the in-game Crown Store, access to every DLC or Expansion pack for as long as you're subscribed, and other non-essential quality of life improvements like a crafting material bag seperate from the general inventory. If you want the DLC but don't want to pay each month or want to keep it forever you can just buy the DLC and be able to enjoy it forever without subscribing. The game also goes on sale pretty often, from $30 to $10 for the base game and from $60 to $30 for the base game and 4 of the 5 DLCs currently out (Orsinium, Thieves Guild, Dark Brotherhood, Imperial City). Each DLC adds hours of content so I highly reccomend picking them up.I honestly have nothing but good things to say about this game. It says I only have 4.7hrs on record but that Is only because it doesn't log hours on Steam if you launch directly from the launcher which is what I do mostly; in reality I have well over 200-300 hours. This is a very unique MMORPG and it's a good idea to ignore powerleveling, trying to immediately get to endgame, using only the best mlg builds, and just taking in the world, testing out your own personal playstyle, exploring and finding treasure or stories or long story rich side quests. I've played this game for 11 months and my highest level character is only level 40 because I can't help starting new characters to try out new playstyles and I end up lost in the rich worlds, in a good way."
,Recommended,306130,29736827,Posted: 5 February,all,InkedLadyLuna,"I was a complete newbie to ESO and since buying this game, I've become addicted to it very quickly and now regularly stream my gaming time with ESO:TU. The gameplay and storyline is entertaining, the graphics are fab and using the Steam Controller makes it even easier to enjoy my time. It's really easy to login to this and lose several hours playing it, there's so much to do. The map is a good size with plenty of places to visit, lots of quests and I really enjoy the scenery as I go from place to place. It's great to play with friends and do some questing together.I find the traps that are scattered throughout the lands really entertaining, sometimes they catch me out and others not. Avoiding those has almost become a game in itself for me and my friends. See who gets caught. It's good for a laugh while we play.I'm looking forward to the Homestead update and plan to buy more of the ESO & Skyrim games for myself."
76561198269899573,Recommended,306130,27394175,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Baranovsky_Nikolay,Excellent game!!!
76561198066080362,Recommended,306130,29686591,Posted: 3 February,all,็ Callsign_Raider,This is a very very fun game I love the fact that you only have to buy it once and you have it forever it is very worth playing so give it a shot
76561198033347121,Recommended,306130,29890965,Posted: 12 February,all,Carlxyz,Great mmorpg worth it!
,Recommended,306130,30127477,Posted: 23 February,all,astronauta,cant stop playing this game
76561198294659190,Recommended,306130,26798723,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tubane soup,"Let me start by saying i played ESO seperate from Steam for about 6 months and it did not live up to my expectations. After logging a couple thousand hours of Skyrim on console, i was expecting something better from Bethesda. But comparing an entirely solo game to an online world really isnt fair, so i resigned myself to the fact that ESO will never be Skyrim and started trying to enjoy the game for what it is. IMPORTANT: the massive One Tamriel update completely turned ESO around for me. Now, all enemies are at the same level as you, no matter where you go. Before, the game felt restricted and calling it open world was a bit of a stretch since 90% of the game was filled with mobs 20 levels higher than you. It just didnt feel like a true Elder Scrolls game as i know them to be. However, with the One Tamriel update now in place, i would reccomend this game to all RPG lovers."
76561198032629250,Recommended,306130,26536412,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ralfjack,"+Great quests (different endings in many quests depending on your choices+fully voiced)+very good combat for an MMORPG+skill trees, morphing of skills gives a huge variety of different builds+helpful community+beautiful zones+not subscription based-had some connection problems were i could not play the game for weeks, now that we can play through steam it's been fixed-crown system is kind of annoying (that said, even after buying all dlc's and some cosmetics you wouldnt spend near as much money as on some other mmo's)-/+some lore problems (it supposedly was needed for better gameplay and there's a theory that eso ""happenings"" can be still canon because of a thing called ""dragon breaks"")I definitely  recommend this game it's become so much more since release."
,Recommended,306130,27042208,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Keeper of Perception,"Although an MMO, it's in large part easily played as a single player experience and so rich in lore that even the biggest fans of the Elder Scrolls universe will feel completely drawn in. Perhaps the only immersion-breaker is seeing other players running and jumping around everywhere, but that's the price to pay for an MMO - one that is certainly worth it in this case."
,Recommended,306130,19981963,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,RedBully™,"If you like The Elder Scrolls games, this one you should buy for sure! Very Balanced gameplay, good to play with friends and the community is very good in this game, you can find players or if join a guild, guildmates to play with you easily.You can find a guide on steam for the addons which make the game with so much better gameplay.After the ''One Tamriel'' and ''Homestead'' update, this game is best MMORPG all around!I recommend this game for sure 10/10"
,Recommended,306130,27328171,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stormy,Sick game m8
,Recommended,306130,27965496,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PadCat,Nice game
,Recommended,306130,27345761,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mecha-Whale,"Eh, it's amazing and everything, but could use more loot"
76561198152359240,Recommended,306130,30608737,Posted: 18 March,all,BuckNastey,"Best MMORPG of there, I have PLAYED Wow and definitely enjoyed it, but I have always been an elder Scrolls fan. That being said, I love this game and think it's worth every penny. It has a lot of of in game purchases that costs real money (crowns in game) but they are not necessary to enjoy the game. You do not need to know the history, or have played older Elder Scroll games to get into and understand the game. Once again,  Bethesda has made a masterpiece,and they continue to make the game better and add more content"
,Recommended,306130,29637700,Posted: 1 February,all,LES | Iskender Manealess,"It's the best MMO I've played so far, having played others like WOW, Guild Wars, Planetside, Archage, etc...As an Elder Scrolls fan I think the game is fascinating. What Bethesda and Zenimax have done with the game since launch has made it into a really good and fun to play game. Yeah, sure, some stuff is locked behind pay walls, like dlcs and cosmetic (utterly useless, just fun to have a look at while you play) stuff, but mostly everything is obtainable through gameplay. And it's not like microtransactions are something new, they're sadly everywhere nowadays, but it makes sense to have things to pay for. And if you like the game, then why not spend a few more bucks for that thing you really, really want and can't get otherwise?But I digress.The game is fun to play, PVE and PVP. I've always wanted a chance to play an Elder Scrolls game with my friends and, even though there's a mod for Skyrim that does that, now I can, in a new, vivid, and beautiful game.I highly recommend, if you're still skeptical, you give it a try."
,Recommended,306130,31212366,Posted: 17 April,all,El Topo,second best 9 bucks ive ever spent. #bangcock
76561198290970156,Recommended,306130,31216831,Posted: 18 April,all,stijnotten,nice game
76561198370339182,Recommended,306130,31216912,Posted: 18 April,all,Royal Nymph,"I've always been a huge fan of the elder scrolls, and making and mmorpg has been such an incredible experience! I do recommend people getting and playing this game! And play with you friends and loved ones! Makes it that much more fun."
,Recommended,306130,26200831,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Rumi,"+The friendliest most mature community. The bad reputation at launch scared most kids off I guess. It's so nice and polite generally. Grammar is much better and there's more reliable people in general. (Though kids are still around, just faaaaaar less than with any other online community I've ever seen.)+There is SO much content. Quests, completionist things, building your own home, getting into PvP which is its own game entirely.+You are able to make a difference right away. Level differences doesn't stop you from playing together in most of the game.+Plenty of lore to enjoy. All cultures get some love and all races will be appriciated. (You'll even care about Altmer.)+/-It's not for everyone. I love it but I often see people asking ''What's the fastest way to...''  And this is not that type of game.+/-The game is overpopulated. That's often good, but it also often means you're stuck waiting for stuff to respawn, or don't get many boss-fights because someone steamrolls it along with you.-Some things simply don't work. Queuing for dungeons especially is just glitchy too often to be acceptable. Zenimax learned well from Bethesda, because you're often wondering: ''Feature or glitch?''  Nothing relogging or retrying won't fix however."
,Recommended,306130,30566493,Posted: 17 March,all,Diehl,"This game overall is pretty good, I don't usually really like this kind of game, and I would never ever ever spend 150 dollars on a subscription on any game style like this, but within having the one time payment, this game is very good compared to others, mainly based on the combat, it is much more interactive compared to almost all of the other MMORPGs that I have played, and basically from that alone, is why I believe it is a good game. Exploration in this game is actually quite enjoyable, the only thing I would recommend, and I wish that it was out before I bought it, is buy the gold edition, it saves you 80 dollars ontop of the 30 dollar bundle. If you buy the four DLC packs that the Gold edition gives you, then you overall save 50 dollars, and the DLC in this game gives you  some pretty neat stuff, and some of the places have you level up a bit better. The only thing that bugs me, are the random occurences of bugs, mainly if you are questing in a group, sometimes one of the random actions doesn't work. Other than that, yeah, its a recommend."
76561197993985973,Recommended,306130,27346838,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The_Dark_Ryu,The game its self is great but the support needs a little work
,Recommended,306130,31226197,Posted: 18 April,all,LuteYear,"I am not an MMO player but I am loving this game, I played the beta, played on a few free weekends, bought the game on a deep discount over a year ago and never played it until a few months ago and now I can't stop.Simple UI, everything is right there in front of you and easy to understand, doesn't have 15 currencies or huge 'meta' to break into, great single player PVE story, or MP dungeons, world activities. Like I said I don't really play MMO's I don't have the time for that sort of thing, haven't even touched the PVP yet. I look at people who play 1000's of hrs of WoW and envy them, I wish I could be that passionate and involved with a game.However ESO has me very hooked and feels very rewarding, looks good, feels great.Biggest complaint so far is the crafting and inventory management. You need 100's of seperate items for the different crafting proficiencies which will very quickly fill your inventory and bank. Meaning that if you want to do crafting seriously you will basically NEED to pay for the ESO Plus subscription which gives you access to a limitless storage bag for crafting materials.That said I'm managing to get by without it by buying bag spaces with in game gold, but it does feel like I'm missing out on a big part of the game just because I don't have enough money to pay double the price I paid for the base game every month (deep discount).All in all this game feels like a very solid single player game, a very casual and easy to understand MMORPG, which suits me very well."
76561198065398025,Recommended,306130,27064747,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,judeXO,wont buy it if it wasnt for sale
76561198271209515,Recommended,306130,30135676,Posted: 23 February,all,ResilientBully,Good Stuff.
,Recommended,306130,30164726,Posted: 25 February,all,mr sniffles,"Realisitic game, they simulated the awkwardness of cutting someone off quite well when doing the voice transitions.All in all great game though cool main story, and many many hours of playing, and I'm still level 11."
76561198013303752,Recommended,306130,29770484,Posted: 7 February,all,kangerdung,Much better now than it used to be. Rewarding MMO experience.
76561198131918632,Recommended,306130,29772751,Posted: 7 February,all,F1restripe,"ESO is a fun and rewarding experience for a casual PVE player, like myself. The lore is what one would expect from an Elder Scrolls game and it is extremely gratifying to see many of the areas not seen in the main series of Elder Scrolls receive much needed atttention. Character customization is excellent and though it can hold your hands at times the game does offer sufficient challenge as you progress through the levels.  The biggest issue that I have with the game is the ability to use abilities (more acurately the lack there of).  Most MMOs offer ability bars with anywhere from 10-15 slots on each bar. In ESO you only receive 5 (plus a limited sixth slot for your ultimately ability). This gets somewhat better when you hit level fifteen as at that time you gain access to a secondary weapon slot and an additional 5 slot ability bar. However this still does not allow for adequate usage of the skills that you will undoubtedly accumulate in your adventures. This in combination with  the reletively recent One Tamriel expansion (which effectively made leveling irrelevant for most of the PvE game as I can do nearly as much damage with a level 7 character as a max level character) makes it difficultfor me to recommend for anyone looking for more than ""Skyrim with friends"". Some of these issues may be addressed in the recent Morrowind expansion however I have been unable to log in since downloading the expansion. In summary, it is a good albeit flawed MMO."
76561198112068834,Recommended,306130,29796134,Posted: 8 February,all,Jan,"A beautiful game and fun fantasy romp, if you enjoy the Elder Scrolls series there is plenty of material to remind you of the preceding games and to unveil more of the world they are set in.  Coming to the setting fresh, it's a varied and colourful world where you can explore and adventure either alone or in groups.  Compared with other MMOs I've found the crafting to be particularly engaging."
,Recommended,306130,29805925,Posted: 9 February,all,Jweezy_6,"People hate on this game purely because they only read about reviews from the initail launch. Yes, I too did not but this game at launch because of all the bugs and the pay to play aspect of the game. However, Zenimax made this game that was not good at all at launch into a fun game to play with friends or even on your own. No this game is not an actual Elder Scrolls type game were the world  levels up with you like the previous two installments. That being said, this game is fairly easy if you farm early on and can get a little boring as you progress if you leveled enough to the point where you can three shot enemies almost throughout the game like I did. Also, from a lore standpoint this game is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but Zenimax ""defended"" themselves and there is no point in bringing it up as they will do anything for a cash grab. Again,Pros:Combat easy to pick upDifferent classes are unique to each otherThe differences between the alliances and the places they come from are interesting enoughPretty good main questline I enjoyed every minute of itPvP area is pretty cool and I loved riding horseback across the plains of cyrodiil againCons:This game ♥♥♥♥♥ on the lore that Bethesda had previously establishedCan get easy, which makes the game fairly boringIf I had to give this game a rating it would be a 7.5/10 by this game (preferably the Gold Edition) when it is on sale"
76561198237963272,Recommended,306130,29811305,Posted: 9 February,all,YubariusX,"Game is running now, will do an update!"
76561197974313191,Recommended,306130,29850797,Posted: 11 February,all,Robertson,"just purchased it, but I have always been a huge fan of mmos... been playing mmos since UO in 1997 and I have to say this is creeping up the list of one of my favorite mmos ever. well worth the price for sure."
76561198171820243,Recommended,306130,29911148,Posted: 13 February,all,destro_fett,"i bought it on my macbook, downloaded it on my Windows PC. but it won't run... redownloaded it... still won't open!"
76561198162943412,Recommended,306130,29915045,Posted: 13 February,all,Hamster,Very good game ^_^
,Recommended,306130,29925195,Posted: 14 February,all,Dím,good game
,Recommended,306130,30149971,Posted: 24 February,all,find the manager,It's like any other MMO but you're basically not allowed to do much of the crafting system cause they want you to buy a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bank space for the materials.
,Recommended,306130,30180232,Posted: 25 February,all,Nobinobi,Yes
76561198047869908,Recommended,306130,30183762,Posted: 25 February,all,Gnova,I say yes to this game if you are willing to paying for the ESO+ membership.I say maybe to this game if you want to play without a membership.The advantage and way you play the game changes dramatically on whether you have the crafting bag (with ESO+) or not.You can play through the combat storyline without the crafting bag but if you want to enjoy the full game (crafting) I wouldn't even bother without ESO+.
76561198127512380,Recommended,306130,29768627,Posted: 7 February,all,Dr. Pickles,"It's a great, great game. Absolutly the best. You're going to love it."
76561198267009205,Recommended,306130,29770974,Posted: 7 February,all,Jeff,"So far this game has been Awesome.The f2p is very decent, and the crown store isnt shoved down your throat.the storylines are very in depth, and you will not run out of quests to do."
76561198254122946,Recommended,306130,29840457,Posted: 10 February,all,Kurogami,i recomend buying this one.is the best mmorpg that i have played they have housing system guild large open world dlc horse pet etc. i buy with 20 dollars is was worthed and they always patch and update this games 😎
,Recommended,306130,29844143,Posted: 11 February,all,Igi せんぱい,Sugoi!!!
,Recommended,306130,29904582,Posted: 13 February,all,SteelSilver,There isn't any space in my time to play an MMO... BUT an Elder Scrolls game some how could find the space that it needed.
76561198006021125,Recommended,306130,29930754,Posted: 14 February,all,ne0spartan,Bought it a few months ago during a sale though I have only really started to get into it the past 3-4 weeks.I have been a fan of TES since Morrowind and I have been enjoying this game even with its rough spots.
,Recommended,306130,30134577,Posted: 23 February,all,Garhart,"Incredibly enjoyable gameplay, with a pretty stunning worldGreat scale, plentiful activities, offers both dynamic and relaxing experiencesRecommended"
,Recommended,306130,30136657,Posted: 24 February,all,Rumors,"I think it's probably best to go into this game as a single-player experience that you can play with friends or other randoms online.  And also not to go in expecting something like Skyrim online.  It's definitely an Elder Scrolls game, but it's also definitely not an Elder Scrolls game.To try to keep it brief, you can pick between one of several Elder Scrolls races and between four classes.  Sounds small, but each class has three skill lines and every character has access to a large number of other skill lines ranging from weapon skills, guild skills, crafting, armor skills, and more.  And every character can mix and match abilities from these trees to their hearts content provided they meet the pre-requisite skill level for the ability.  And then every active skill can be morphed into one of two new versions with additional effects.  So, Sorcerer Orc Tank?  Dragon Knight High Elf Mage?  Nord Support Night Blade?  All possible in a variety of ways and I'm merely scratching the surface here.  You'd probably need a few hundred character slots to get all the combinations down and that's before even considering the champion system for adventuring with level-capped characters to get even more customization options.As for gameplay itself... well, with recent changes, you can pretty much just go do what you want after the starter area (and maybe even merely after the tutorial).  Wanna quest?  Grind monsters?  Craft?  Look for treasure?  Explore caves?  PvP?  All of them will advance your character and help you level up.  Follow main stories, ignore them, go rob innocents blind, go quest in another faction's zone, whatever.  Pretty much the only thing that won't level you up is chilling in town chatting at other players or roleplaying with them.  I think the only downside is that sometimes the sheer amount of content available is a bit intimidating, which sometimes leaves me feeling indecisive about who to play or where to go with them.As for the cash shop... well...  you can either buy things directly, including DLC areas, or get ESO Plus membership.  Plus is basically the old MMO subscription model grants you all DLC while membership is active and also gives you free crowns equal to the amount you spent on subbing.  Basically, if you're gonna drop $15 on crowns, just get the membership.  Only downside is the crafting bad and costume re-coloring is only for Plus members, which are features that really should be for everyone, even if in a limited form.  Also, be very careful about how you spend any crowns you get.  Some items in the store have rather insane costs and a few can be obtained in-game cheapy or for free by just asking around, such as becoming a Werewolf.  The store isn't really pay to win, mostly offering some consumables that are easy and fairly cheap to obtain in-game equivalents of.  The biggest changers are DLCs since they give you access to some sets you'd otherwise have to buy off of players and some skill lines that have little to no impact on normal combat.  The biggest loss are the skill points and Sky Shards in the DLC zones, but there's far, far more than enough skill points laying around to max everything you could want on a character.  ...Save maybe maxing all crafting trees on one alt.I could really go on and on about different nuances, but let's keep it simple and focus on the big things, shall we?  Though, I'll go ahead and say, the game is really beautiful and is what Skyrim really should have looked like.  Also, there is mod support, in true Elder Scrolls fashion, though it is limited mostly to UI enhancements and graphic adjustments... for obvious reasons being an MMO.  Just... use ESOUI over Nexus Mods or the Steam Workshop.  The NMM is great for installing your mods and such, but ESOUI has a far, far, far bigger selection and is often more up to date.I can definitely recommend picking this game up.  I definitely woulda bought it sooner or later if a friend didn't gift it to me.  Just, remember to treat it more like a single-player game that happens to have lots of other players running about or that your friends can join.  There's definitely some group-focused content, but it's not one of those MMOs where you should expect to be constantly grouping with randoms for most things.  Even still, the community is pretty cool and I've seen some of the most interesting conversations in Zone chat.  If you like Elder Scrolls games but you're willing for an online experience to be different to proper support a MMO rather than just being ""Skyrim with other people"", then give the game a shot!  If you're unsure, wait for a Steam sale.  It almost always drops in price during those."
,Recommended,306130,30138244,Posted: 24 February,all,Truekep,"It's hard for me to get into it at first due to it's unfamiliar mechanics. But once you learn how to play it, i can easily say this is the best MMOrpg game I've played. Most quest are linear but the story is very interesting. The voice actors also did a good job. It does have the Elder Scroll feels in it. It has fixed almost everything that players complained in the earlier date. This is one of those rare MMO where the developer actually care about the player.For 1st time player, I recommend you not to pay attention to others and play as you would in game like skyrim (except for a few occasions like group dungeon). Don't rush to the end-game, you are missing a lot."
,Recommended,306130,30187539,Posted: 25 February,all,Jovial Jim,"I just have a thing for argonians you know, that smooth scaley skin, that toothy grin, that urge to win channeled through my head fin, eso was the perfect place to explore my fetish and I have no regrets whatsoever."
,Recommended,306130,21531690,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,EsteemPunk,"(I have more time than is listed in steam, it doesn't count hours when played from the game launcher).Sure, it's not Skyrim. It's not even a real ES game aside from the lore. But it's solid. Even better now there's no monthly subscription, but I'd still wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,306130,27531533,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Najheran,"A very enjoyable MMO experience for those who arent a fan of the traditional MMO. It has some faults,but it has a very fair payment and subscription system for those who want extra content on top of what youll get for free with the base game.It also has fantastic controller support, complete voice acting, and great gameplay with varied environments and actual difficult content.EDIT: Unfortunately they have added multiple microtransaction systems involving gambling similar to games like Overwatch with absolutely horrid drops. I completely understand it comes down to luck, however if you are trhe kind of person who does want to have everything over time you will be severely let down. To test this loot system I spent over 100CAD when it was released and I didnt get any of what some may consider the more desirable items. No mounts, no pets, just a whole lot of potions and some costumes that looks like youre wearing rags. (The drop tables may have changed since then, I do not know) I may have just been unlucky  however it is worth noting that items in these loot boxes can not be acquired in any other way, so be prepared to dish out some serious money if you want everything. That is my only major gripe about the game fortunately and it is only cosmetic items so it will effect very few, however it is still worth knowing as some have very strong feelings against real world gambling in-game."
76561198195516890,Recommended,306130,23644480,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,joshuawaites,awesome every way you come at this game
,Recommended,306130,33398525,Posted: 9 July,all,Rainbow Ruby,"The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited™ is great game with a good amount of content, good updates, good character creation, mechanics, huge maps with beautiful landscapes and tons of quests to complete. I played for 64 hours and still level 24, but the game is still enjoyable XDOverall I'd loved Skooma♥"
76561198132329589,Recommended,306130,33357632,Posted: 7 July,all,plodeer,"I have played alot of MMORPGs in my lifetime but I have to say that ESO takes the cake on the best. the world is vibrant and amazingly detailed down to the last thing. The main thing with most MMOs out there si that all NPCs have text to read, but all the NPCs in ESO are fully voiced and is so emmersive that its easy to play hours on end. The crafting system is easy to learn but hard tot master and makes you want to make your own stuff. The housing is okay but I wished that they had container that you could acutally put stuff in but that's a small complaint. The lore from no matter what army or race you're playing is flashed out it makes you realise how small the single player elder scrolls gaem feel compared to the whole. I think that in the beginnning what made ESO bad is that people comapred it to skyrim and not other MMOs. yeah you cant make your character broken within the frist half hour of the game but I like that I actually have to work with a  character to make it how I like it. I jsut recently started PVP on ESO and it's soooooo fun that I didn't realise that it was in the middle of the night and I started playing that morning. To sum it all up i have to say that this is the best MMO I havce ever played and will continue to play for probably another couple hundred hours on jsut this one character that I have until I make a new one and start all over again."
76561198082074608,Recommended,306130,30238760,Posted: 28 February,all,Pepe Dodo,Can't get bored
,Recommended,306130,30239678,Posted: 28 February,all,++,not cancerous enough. 6/9
,Recommended,306130,34764535,Posted: 5 September,all,RSh-12,"It's... ok I guess, but I don't say this lightly, Wizard101 is almost better. Yeah, you heard me, Wizard-1-0-♥♥♥♥in-1. Wizard101 has less grinding, a better crown shop, is free to play, and is slightly less money grubbingly, scummy. But this has almost naked cat people murdering everything they see. That puts it three points ahead."
76561197979115598,Recommended,306130,34785477,Posted: 6 September,all,Stupandia,I'm loving this game.  I wasn't too impressed by the beta but tried it agian recently and I have to say... I seriously havent enjoyed an MMO this much since 2005 when i first played World of Warcraft.
76561198052885224,Recommended,306130,34733701,Posted: 4 September,all,TheLegendKhalid,I'm in love with game only with 8 hours played
76561197996580929,Recommended,306130,34754934,Posted: 5 September,all,ZiG ZaG,"After 74 hours, I love the game.The only negative things I have noticed:- Game starts lagging around more people if I put my graphic specs up- I miss the random NPC encounters from bethesda games.Otherwise an excellent game and it feels like I only scratched the surface so far"
,Recommended,306130,29608005,Posted: 31 January,all,BigBragg,"I played this game in beta and was rather ho-hum about it, decided to come back a year ago and am thrilled that I did. It is a huge and diverse MMORPG with many fun things to do and all with unique spins on how they are done.Builds and all the systems can be a bit overwhelming at first but there and a lot of players in the community that are more than happy to help catch somebody up to speed. There are also plenty of fans it's and YouTube blogs that will help to.I have had a blast in both PvE and PvP. There is a active RP community if that is you thing.Overall the game seems to continue to make strides in improving it's development. The cosmetic cash shop as of late can be considered one of the the negatives with the way it is currently going.Overall strong 8/10.p.s. I typically play through the games launcher and not Steam, so hours played is significantly higher."
,Recommended,306130,32263609,Posted: 8 June,all,Dark Link,i didnt like this game.... white peps' games are sooooo bad JUST LIKE FALLOUT 4 AND BETHSEDA'S GAMES I RATHER PLAY NORTH KOREAN GAMES (NOT LEAGUE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ LIKE BLACK ♥♥♥♥♥ ONLINE AND VINDICTUS AND THOSE TOP♥♥♥♥♥♥GAMES! WHY DID I WASTE MY TIME ON DIS♥♥♥♥♥♥! ♥♥♥♥♥ING WHITE ♥♥♥♥♥S!!!!!!!!
76561198058602281,Recommended,306130,30463376,Posted: 11 March,all,Controversy,Great!
,Recommended,306130,32188912,Posted: 4 June,all,xt22764226,We need Chinese...........
76561198070089004,Recommended,306130,26733713,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Slashem,"So far I have played three characters to levels 5 and 6. One warrior, one nightblade, one sorcerer.  The great advantage of the sorcerer build is that it has healing of self and others as skills.  After a free trial, I bought the game, but not the DLC's.  Too expensive, even though they open up new areas and quests.What is it like to play?  So far, pretty simplistic.  No real challenges that a single player (my preferred play style) cannot overcome.  Quest-driven story: not gather 50 of these...Segregated PvP, in a special area (Yay!).  I hate high level chs thumping junior players just because they can (13-year olds?).  Nice scenery for this class of game.  Extensive crafting and enchanting options, none of which I have played yet (they seem far more complex than in Skyrim- a game in which I havealready invested more than 1000 hrs...Neverwinter is better at drawing you in and giving a high-action thrill, but less impressive quests.On balance?  Snap it up for the basic six or seven quid."
,Recommended,306130,23058933,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,modegeek,"Fun game, interesting character custimization and combat mechanics. It is Skyrim, only online. C:"
,Recommended,306130,34882043,Posted: 11 September,all,Gideon (Alex),"For those who played Skyrim, i highly recommend to play this as well. In truth i do not play it 24/7 but i do play it to relax, to listen to story line and enjoy the content it provides."
76561198262465831,Recommended,306130,27402729,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ْاَنْجَئ,It's just great :)
,Not Recommended,306130,17464669,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,HomeFried,sucks
,Recommended,306130,23865816,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Skøut,"2017 EDIT: Prepare a lot of disk space! You are not downloading the game, but the installer!You'll need ~63GB for the installer and later ~85GB MORE for the game itself!!!I swear it's like a repack from a torrent site. Ridiculous!----end of edit----Just started to play and I really like it. Random people join me or ask me to join. We help each other. I've never seen a more friendly comminty in my entire life. Complete opposite of Counter-Strike :DHowever I do have some issues and the biggest one is... MEMORY LEAK. The game cannot run more than an hour on my machine without a memory error. At one point I got even a bluescreen :( I hope devs will fix that, but I've read on the internet that this problem is since 2014 (now we got 2016). This game will die if it keeps on crashing.In short:(+) community, fellowship(+) big world, lots of tings to do(+) good graphics(+) interesting story(+) multiple identities (yes, you can have few characters, so can explore multiple plots, join a different pact)(-) memory leak, crashes(-) requires a lot of HDD memory as well (recommend a 1TB space to prepare for the game and future addons)(-) devs seem to ignore the problem no 1 (two years and still eating RAM!)(-) lockpicking is different and I recommend a YouTube tutorial before you waste any lockpicks!"
,Recommended,306130,23881795,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Pijal,"I've never felt so immersed after WoW. So much things to do while leveling. Quests are simple but rewarding and story rich, crafting is so unique, lively community, love the combat system, you can steal from NPC, unlocking chest, interacting with the environments such as bookshelves. A good potential of role playing. Too bad it's not really an open world game (too many loading screens). Else, it would be flawless. Bought the Imperial Edition with no regrets."
,Recommended,306130,27944432,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vape_L0rd,"This game honstely is underrated, sure it's different than most of the others in the sereies but at least Bethesda was trying something new. The game is unarguably boring and hard WITHOUT FRIENDS but the whole point is that it's WoW with skyrim mechanics."
,Recommended,306130,23880051,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,coltonvon,"1. please remove the pick lock TIMER, so dumb...wtf am i timed?! doesn't make any sense and thus takes away from the experience.2. can we please have a jump that actually jumps high enough to jump over ANYTHING besides pebbles...i mean c'mon.3.  this is The Elder Scrolls, we should have the freedom to be any kind of class we want.  please don't make us choose a class except for maybe when joining a dungeon or pvp group, then you could have players choose what role they would like to play as, heal/support/dps/tank etc. but for normal pve we should have complete freedom to make any kind of rogue magician theif healer character we want.aside from that they did a really good job on lots of other stuffand i can already tell i'll be playing this for a long time.100% worth the buy!9 out of 10."
76561198133624222,Recommended,306130,27949566,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Eyedenn,"This is probably the best and most fun mmo ive ever played, much better now that there is no subscription"
,Recommended,306130,27949813,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Panzer,My new life
76561198142382453,Recommended,306130,24136605,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Daniel_Xo,"great game , my only issue is the regular lag and the leveling is very slow"
,Recommended,306130,23916929,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Norito,"I love this game so much Ive played this for so long (ik it doesn't say thats because i play it by not opening steam) and I absolutely love that they keep adding more and more stuff to the game so it never ends. There's lots of action, the graphics are 10/10 and I highly recommend."
,Recommended,306130,34861880,Posted: 10 September,all,Nas ☭,Lit Af! #2
,Recommended,306130,26714739,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Siphyre,"30 Hour Review:I saw a lot of reviews that said that this is not like Skyrim but dont really saw how.  A few things are different. I play this using my xbox 360 controller so my review will be using it for examples. You do not use left trigger to control your left hand and right trigger to control your right hand. You use right triger to attack and left trigger to defend and you can defend with any weapon. Small difference but it is quick to get used to. The way you assign skills is completely diferent. You get to assign three skills to X, Y and B as well as 2 skills to left bumper and right bumper. You also get an ultimate skill that you assign to Left Bumper + Right Bumper (you have to hit both at the same time to activate it). So the aspects of gameplay controls are pretty different compared to skyrim. We also have a somewhat different way to go through your items. But it isn't too different. It just looks a bit different and you can not go overweight like in Skyrim. You have an item limit cap that can eventually reach 200 from what I read.The next session will talk about ESO+ (premuim subscription) and the crown store (premium currency store). ESO is not pay to win. Surprisingly enough the only eye catching thing about ESO+ is the craft bag. This bag lefts you hold unlimited crafting materials. Seeing as crafting isn't required at all in the first 30 hours this bag seems like it is only useful for gathering materials for later (I recommend if you get ESO+ to turn auto loot on and check everything). As for the crown store. Nothing in there is required to make you better in the game. Most of the stuff in the crown store has an equivilent item in game. The only thing you can't buy in game is the dlc stuff, cosmetics, mounts, pets. Seeing as the pets are non combat they are just cosmetic and the mounts are all just skins and do not affect any stat they are cosmetic as well. The only advantage it could possibly give you is repairing armor for $$ and healing for $$ with a little boost to exp for $$$. All in all though the prices in the store seem very fair for everything (except maybe the 2500 crown mounts).As far as the story goes. I rolled altmer (high elf). I will not be spoiling it but I really do like the story. It engaged me quite a bit and I cant wait to get to the next area to keep hearing more and helping more but these darn skyshards are everywhere!Also dont forget to get an addon for a minimap and a skyshard locator (if you do not want to follow the riddles)."
,Recommended,306130,26714737,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,SmultronVarg,its a good game
76561198120649382,Recommended,306130,26729543,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,BOT Pulențiu,Veri nais gheim ai laic it
,Recommended,306130,34878173,Posted: 11 September,all,Wulfric,"It's sooooooooo goooooooooooood! Makes me wonder why people are still playing WoW.Questing is far from typical mmo fetch this kill that. Its more akin to single player RPGs, world is persistent and story is engaging. Recommend you play through this with a friend for great times and greater lols."
,Recommended,306130,28661497,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Corvii,Best mmo ive been played so far.great community.non toxic.get them bois!
,Recommended,306130,28830801,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Monophlex,Never tought this game is going to be fun...i've tried on beta test but quit it after a while because of the animation is terrible...after few years tried this game few months ago and wow zos put so much improvement on this game and also this game is a a bit slow at first but after you reach higher level the pace starting to change...yeah i would recommend this game to other
76561198138248247,Recommended,306130,26737669,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,BumblebeeGoby,"Very adventerous game system with so much to do!  Explore, craft, eat, drink, be merry!  Graphics are amazing, AI is well thought out and the learning curve is spot on (any game like this should have you craving to learn it) near seamless movement from world to extra rooms, dungeons etc.  I am still a level 7 (when I wrote this) and would like to continue, see if guilds are important, become more of a part of the game and have fun!   Exactly what this game is - FUN!"
,Recommended,306130,16722864,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Degobah Niggas,"Fun MMORPG if you look at it as that and not an Elder Scrolls game. Haven't experienced too much from the player base yet but everyone seems to be pretty helpful. Only problem I have with the game so far is if you start a character under the same alliance as one you already have played with, there is no difference, and that gets kind of annoying (I started off as a wood elf, then wanted to try to play as a high elf, but i quickly stopped because of how much it felt like a chore to replay all of these things I have already done.) Otherwise its a solid game."
76561198039052082,Recommended,306130,33630551,Posted: 18 July,all,Screaming Jew (Josh),"Okay so this didn't run amazing on my pc so I got it for Ps4 and I have played so so much more through it.I have been playing WoW for ten years, this is the only other MMO that has grabbed my attention, and thats mostly with me playing it as a single player game with other people running around. The PVP is great fun, the dungeons are average while the guilds are usually pretty fun, the community is also a friendlier place (after years of WoW tarde chat being poison its a refreshing change). Now I've seen many reviews say it is like other Elder Scrolls games and many say that it really isn't. I personally play it often as a big♥♥♥♥♥Elder Scrolls game, I personally find it to have many similiar things to Skyrim and Oblivion. This game is also only a buy to play, while that ispretty true, all the dlc and the new 'chapter' (expansion basically) have to be bought. The DLC is free if you pay for a sub though, as well as many other bonuses, however, you can buy them all individually.I honestly would suggest all to try the game. But thats just my view/opinion from playing and enjoying it."
,Recommended,306130,17152147,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Jerry Smartfeld,before the update the game was really bad but after tamriel unlimited it's quite fun so here goesESO:Tamriel unlimited is like no other; it plays like an MMORPG but with an elder scrolls vibeif you're going into this expecting a new TES game you're going to be dissapointedif you want to play an MMO with a bit of a TES this is the game for you
76561198154393321,Recommended,306130,30054919,Posted: 20 February,all,Visceraider,Go watch a video of a ESO keep seige.
76561197960571455,Recommended,306130,22835375,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,StonewallHackson,My GF and I have a blast on this.
,Recommended,306130,22806342,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Traumaturge,"it got better, honest"
76561197979887693,Recommended,306130,27710279,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr. Boat,"The only thing I hate in this game since the first hour is its last name: Online. As always, I wanted to make a character that is kind of an a-hole, but ends up doing good in his own twisted ways. Basically, make a real character, as you are supposed to in an RPG-ish game. Now, this is definitely NOT that game. You are either a melee fighter or a wizard, there is no other way really. Because you just can't do that, as there will always be some random player who will rush into the room and start a swordfight with your target. Also hella annoying to have all the random folks wreaking havoc in the cities. Also it is kinda annoying to see the main target of your quest respawn every minute. When you are going about looting and readig books but he starts hitting you over and over again because he is never really killed. Basically, nothing really happens in the game, ever. It is like being in limbo.Title could be like: Elder Scrolls Online: Purgatory Unlimited.But I will keep playing anyway, to sate my hunger for a new Elder Scrolls adventure. Even if I feel like I am never really having an adventure.I would definitely recommend it as a single-player game, or as a substitute until a new real Elder Scrolls game comes out."
,Recommended,306130,31033063,Posted: 8 April,all,Titus,"Although the new One Tamriel patch made everything a lot easier, since the scaling has been implemented, the game is still amazing. I played before the scaling, and it was such a blast, the community is amazing, I met a guy who kept a journal in the PoV of his character! It was all lore-friendly aswell. The One Tamriel patch made things way to easy in my honest opinion. The game however, is still amazing, and if you are looking for a fun rpg to blow some time on, then this is it."
76561198002735296,Recommended,306130,34134915,Posted: 9 August,all,Bang Blastcleaver,"I bought this game when it first went F2P. It was frustrating, grindy, pay-for-convinience out the♥♥♥♥♥ and all-in-all a terrible game in my opinion. I had little hope coming into this expansion.Holy f******♥♥♥♥♥♥did they improve this game. Everything is better, easier to use, you feel much more powerful as a character even in lower levels, the amount of character customization and builds is insane, everything feels very balanced, the world feels much more alive and accessible, and the leveling experience is enjoyable to say the least.I have never enjoyed leveling in an MMO. In MMOs I do 2 things, min/max for competitive play and role play. Role play is alive and well but I never felt the urge to really research into min/maxing my character because of how much fun I was having.Even if you've played this game before when it was terrible, give it another chance. You wont regret it."
,Recommended,306130,27884781,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Matzreal,"Like Elder Scrolls but online, what more can I say? After the One Tamriel update it plays and feels like good ol' Elder Scrolls. Highy recommended for fans of the franchise."
76561198010934381,Recommended,306130,34478218,Posted: 25 August,all,Scominggregor,"TLDR at the bottom. Yeah I really like it. I had given up on MMO's but I started messing around with modded skyrim and I was like ""Why don't I try ESO again?"" Back in the early days of ESO it wasn't that great of a game but now.... I really, really enjoy it. The combat is so much better than Skyrim IMO because instead of using a quickslot to change spells and weapons, you actually get a quickBAR and can morph spells and abilities. Passives are really big in this game and I'm a big fan of strong passives that affect your character in meaningful ways. I would say that there arern't a lot of class skill trees (three per class) but you get skill ""lines"" for different guilds, vamp/werewolf, armors, etc.I think what made me really enjoy ESO now more than ever was the addition of the Thieves guild and Dark Brotherhood DLC. If you get the ESO plus subscribtion you get access to all DLC (except Morrowind I think which sucks). Even the the lore of the Dark Brotherhood and Thieves Guild don't match up, the skills compliment each other so well, it is a lot of fun. You can pickpocket people finally and actually make a ton of money from selling stolen items, which from the last time I played wasn't in the game. Also, you can kill NPC's which is a lot of fun and you get a bounty if you get caught.Most of the quests aren't that good but some are really good and the twitsts are quite nice. Morrowind has some really good ones.TLDR- Combat is better than Skyrim IMO, it's not that much of a grind, you can enjoy your way questing and leveling skills at your own pace, zones and creatures scale to your level so you can experience what ever content you want when ever you want. Dungeons and bosses are challenging and PVE dungeon encounters are really good. PVP is fun and a lot of different builds keep it interesting."
76561198039453462,Recommended,306130,34574465,Posted: 29 August,all,Kojimeme,Downloaded the 75GB file size through steam.All i got was an installer and another 40gb download.Why zenimax gotta ♥♥♥♥ over their customers?Good game tho.
76561198034347374,Recommended,306130,34572118,Posted: 29 August,all,Topazwolf,"When playing Oblivion on the Xbox 360 all I could think the entire time was how much more fun it could be with others. I got all the DLC (except horse armor :D) and got 100% of the achievements. What im trying to get at is; i loved Oblivion.The Elder Scrolls Online has given me such a wonderful world to experience with my friends and I'm enjoying every moment! I'm currently on vacation (started playing a few days ago) and can't play, but so often I find myself thinking about it. Honestly I'm looking forward to going home."
76561198126615946,Recommended,306130,28769631,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Aviate,This is one of the few MMO's where the pve is fun
,Recommended,306130,27433602,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Q,NOT Skyrim Online
,Recommended,306130,27437781,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,실패자,"This game became addicting really fast, beautiful music, huge world, the scaling levels made playing with people new to the game fun."
76561198091080698,Recommended,306130,18334052,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,[V.I.P]Moodyman2275,"My first review for this game was a troll review that a friend and I found really funny but I think people took it way too seriously so here's a serious one. In this review I will be explaining what elder scrolls online is, why you should buy it, and why I still play it even after so long (I used to launch it from the launcher not steam).Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG made by Zenimax Online Studios, referred to as fans as ZOS. There are 4... I mean 5 classes counting the new morrowind expansion in Elder Scrolls Online. These classes are nightblade, sorceror, dragonknight, templar, and warden if you have the morrowind expansion.Nightblade is an assassin class that focuses on huge burst damage and execute damage, making them good for PvP but not very ideal for endgame PvE trial groups and guilds.Sorceror is an extremely overpowered cla- I mean a class that focuses on doing really high dps and is a lot of fun to play haha. Sorceror focuses on shock damage, or physical damage if you choose the stamina route.Dragonknight is a class that has a lot more tanky abilities allowing you to take more hits before going down. They focus on fire damage for the most part, but do have some poison abilities as stamina morphs. Dragonknight is extremely good at immobolizing enemies, making them one of the best classes for tanking.Templar is also an extremely overpo- Whoops xD. Meant to say Templar is a class that focuses on fire damage and magic damage and some physical damage too should you choose some stamina morphs here and there. Templar is one of the most fun classes to play in my opinion, because not only can you heal and provide your allies with support abilities and take a lot of damage, but also do a lot of damage.Warden is a class that focuses around nature. You can summon animals to help you, heal your friends using tree magic and stuff, and even comes with a few tanky abilities. I haven't played too much of Warden so far but I would say he's like Templar and Dragonknight combined, making Warden a lot of fun to use.The combat in ESO is pretty smooth, like most MMOs you have to slot abilities on your combat bars. A combat bar has 5 slots for any ability, and you have two combat bars. You can have different abilities on each bar, along with different weapons. However, there is an extra slot next to your combat bar where you can put an ultimate ability. Ultimate is generated during combat. You can dodge roll, block, bash, heavy attack, and light attack while fighting with your abilities which makes combat seem really alive, unlike some MMOs where your character barely moves while you press 1, 2, or E or something.PvP (Player vs Player combat etc)- PvP is awesome in the elder scrolls online. You don't lose anything besides honor (lol) and you can always respawn to fight another guy. The PvP area is Cyrodil but you can PvP anywhere if you get permission from the other player by inviting them to a duel and having them accept the duel invite. Cyrodil is huge and has lots of castles you can take over using siege weapons, but other players will be there to defend their castles so I recommend playing pretty safe unless you want to respawn and ride all the way back to the enemy's castle. None of your abilities change but your health will go up. Your abilities do 1/2 less damage to players, this system is in place so you don't get one shotted.Gear: Gear is super cool in the Elder Scrolls Online. There are tons of sets with cool passives and abilities and procs for you to use, and any class can use any weapon or any armor. Some armor and weapons are locked by level. Using motifs you can craft different styles of armor or make armor or a weapon that looks a lot different then someone elses' armor or weapon (Unless they use the same motif lol). You can also dye your armor and shield if you have one.Gathering Materials etc: Gathering is okay in ESO, nothing special but definetely far from great. You can't chop down any tree you see for wood, only certain logs you see on the ground. You can't mine any rock for ore, only certain rocks. And you can't gather any plant, only certain plants. For me, this kind of ruins the immersion.Groups: Group play is awesome in Elder Scrolls Online. You can adventure with your friends and the best part is that your level doesn't really matter when you adventure with your friends because mobs are set to your level. So if your level 49 and your friend is level 37 and your fighting the same enemy, your friend will be fighting a level 37 enemy and you'll be fighting a level 49 version of that enemy but it's still the same enemy if that makes sense.Graphics: The graphics in the elder scrolls online are really awesome, some MMOs out there might have better graphics than the elder scrolls onlines' graphics but at least you don't lag out a ton once you enter a town like some of the MMOs out there.P2W/Pay for convenience stuff in ESO: Unlike most MMOs where you can purchase costumes that give you buffs, or a pet that gathers tons of stuff really fast, ESO has free pets you can obtain from ingame quests along with free ingame costumes, and even a free skeleton polymorph that comes from a quest too. Costumes and pets don't give you any extra benefit in ESO. They don't hide your nametag or give you special buffs/advantages *cough* Black Desert *cough* lol. Elder Scrolls Online does have DLC and an expansion but the most of the gear given from these expansions can be bought/traded from other players, and none of the gear is broken, although you could argue the velidreth set is a bit too good right now. If a lot of dead enemies are in one room, you can loot them all just by clicking E and it searches all the nearby bodies, instead of having to pick up the loot from each enemy individiually or have a pet that costs a lot of money pick it up for you. You can pay for costumes and pets and mounts using crowns (ingame currency obtained through spending real money) but these are cosmetic and offer no advantage. You can buy mounts using ingame gold at the stable for fairly cheap, and you can get free costumes, pets, and polymorphs from just playing through quests and the game itself. The only small problem I have is that you can buy riding lessons to speed up your horses' progress (your horse can be taught 1 new skill a day, it's kinda complicated to explain) but this can be done ingame. You can also pay for vampire and werewolf bites, but these can also be obtained legit ingame, you can have another player bite you for free or just go up to a wild werewolf or wild vampire.Conclusion: Elder Scrolls Online is probably my favorite MMO out of all the MMOs I've played. Their support team gets back to you really fast, the combat is pretty smooth, The gear isn't class locked, Any class can do any role or go any path, and there's no p2w features, everything is actually CONVENIENCE, no huge gear advantages or microtransaction paywalls. Group play is really smooth, PvP is awesome, everything in Elder Scrolls Online is almost perfect. Although I do realize the game isn't for everyone, but that goes for any game haha.Final Verdict: Positive, I would consider it a must buy for any MMO player, because it has something for everyone and tons of different play styles."
76561198119509938,Recommended,306130,34552850,Posted: 28 August,all,Ethan,"Ive played this game on Xbox, I bought it for PC to experience the playstyle of a keyboard and mouse, it is a good game, lots to do and lots of ways to play the game. The thing is, you actually spend 4-6 hours to install the game in Steam, then when you click play, it opens another launcher, hence you need to install even more data for about 2 hours, meaning you wont be able to refund it (2+ hours) When you are buying the game, make sure you know what type of game your gonna be playing."
,Recommended,306130,34550081,Posted: 28 August,all,ScarletReaper123,The game is good but they have server problems... :(
,Recommended,306130,34534012,Posted: 27 August,all,Reuseable Giftcard,Buys gameInstalling takes good 7 hoursAfter that Launcher has to install gameIn the meantime I get 3 cards as it counts as playing the gameProfit
76561198094999911,Recommended,306130,34563728,Posted: 28 August,all,Mr.Gonzo,"Being a long time Elder Scrolls fun, I could not wait to get lost in Tamriel. However the game straight after it got published was rather boring, the map felt like a grinding pit, so after a month I put the game away for a while, than Morrowind came, and I felt it's time for another try and oh boy. The quests are amazing, it really feels like this is an RPG with Multiplayer elements and this is what really made ESO fun. It doesn't force you to play with people if you don't want to, altough the dungeons, the trials, the pvp is also unique and fun but never played an MMO before which I played for the quests too, and that's where this game really gets me, funny or sometimes sad dramatic stories really helps me to get lost in the huge map. Never come across with a quest where I had to simply kill 10 of something or collect 20 of else, instead I had to help rebuild a kingdom, help to pull a prank on a mage who is allergic to cats, get drunk a couple times, and help a nord to merry an orc.The war for Cyrodil never stops, and the new battlegrounds are good fun too. Dungeons and Trials are not the strongest part of the game still they all fun and they never felt too boring or repetitive.In conclusion, this is the best MMORPG at the moment on the market, with easy 600+ hours of fun in it, even more thankfully the regualry coming DLCs.Buy it if you are in search for an MMORPG where you want to invest time in, if you love Elder Scrolls and it's story telling, but if you looking for the Elder Scrolls 6 in this game probably you will be dissapointed for the first couple hours, take my advice join a guild, and explorle Tamriel."
,Recommended,306130,30054280,Posted: 20 February,all,✰VLRP✰TurtleTrouble,HelloESO is a great MMO but when you buy it its better to buy the gold edition to unlock more areas but even withoutgold edition its a very good mmo with lots of storyline people complain alot in reviews about dlcs this and thatbut get thisthis is not a P2W like other mmos they need money one wayeitherway a good game to play!
76561198094020158,Recommended,306130,19378790,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ghost In A Jar,I loved this game for the month I got to play it. After Orsinium launched I have had a issue with my computer not wanting to play the game at all. This game is super fun & I am terribly disappointed that it hasn't been able to start up. But for anyone thinking of getting this game it's definitely worth it in my opinion.
,Recommended,306130,31125229,Posted: 13 April,all,Happy,"Enjoying it so far, but yet mst Elder Scroll Games Are Great."
76561198011828207,Recommended,306130,23266298,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Umbrae,"This game plays more like an MMO than an Elder Scrolls game. That said, I enjoy this game as an MMO. Why play this game over another MMO then? I personally like the Elder Scrolls theme, which I can relate to. Furthermore, this game has a lot of great features.Pros:-Leveling is fairly well-paced. It's not so slow that it's tedious, but you won't run out of things to do any time soon.-Quests are generally a good length. There are a few longer quests in each area, but those are typically part of the individual story lines.-PvE (Player vs. Environment) is extremely balanced. I would rate most of the dungeons and bosses as challenging for a single player, but still possible. There are some areas and boss that almost require a group, but thankfully that falls under another of this game's strengths...-Cooperative play. It's fairly easy to play with your friends, or find other players working toward the same goal.-PvP (Player vs. Player) is one of the most well-implimented parts of the game. Player combat often relies on cooperation, tactics, or simply out leveling your opponents. The PvP scene is fufilling for all levels, with certain goals and objectives that reset on a timed basis.-Classes and combat styles are fairly balanced. From my experience, all of the classes seem capable of exelling at both PvE and PvP.-Microtransactions have been handled decently. I would normally include them as a con, but the vast majority of the content (aside from specific pets and costumes) can be easily obtained just by playing the game over time. Any non-cosmetic things are relatively minor, and not game defining (like horse speed, which can be obtained by playing the game).Cons:-The game has an Elder Scrolls title, but it doesn't feel like an Elder Scrolls game. This didn't bother me so much, but it's definitely a con.-A lot of quests can feel relatively bland. That said, there's not a lot of terrible or boring quests, and there's also some really good ones that stand out more as a result.-Some game mechanics feel a bit clunky. For example, most enemies will only detect you if you pass within a certain range. There's a lot of little things that feel weird and immersion breaking, but in the end it's an MMO. Just know that you will be reminded of that on a fairly regular basis."
,Recommended,306130,26686320,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Rashiev,"very fun. lots of improvements since i last played, if you are a fan of the elder scrolls universe you will like this game."
,Recommended,306130,29496967,Posted: 25 January,all,Killerman,This game sucked me in from the start. If you are a elder scrolls fan this game is for you. Very nice combat system not the normal tab targeting. Attacks can be missed and a nice blocking system. Grinding doesnt feel bad with the awsome quest lines and the voiceactors in this game is simply amazing. The sound and look is in my opinion one of the best for a mmorpg
76561198049573751,Recommended,306130,16844914,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,WestLil0,"Absolutely the most addictive game I've ever played. Highly recommend it, whether you like single player or multi player this game offers the best of both."
76561197991967475,Recommended,306130,24147542,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Video Game Chef,"Let's put it this way: You want to be more interactive with your character? Want to ACTUALLY fight instead of watching him/her go? Here you go. This game. I love it's interactive combat system versus using abilities only and just watching. Hell it even has abilities to give the combat a nice twist! It's a huge game and brings great fun and adventure.If you're looking for a Skyrim clone, however; you will be a little disappointed. It's not as polished, but enough to give a very unique experience.I've heard at launch it was an absolute joke and I waited until years later. Now it's a lot better than its launch.A nice addition to the game is the option to either go with or without the subscription. But the downside to that is you won't have access to the expansions unless you pay for them individually (and that's gonna be pricey.) So ultimately it's up to you on which is the lesser of the two evils. There are some micro-transactions, but mostly cosmetic and a small handful of boosts. You subscribe and you get some crowns per month and access to all the expansions and an exp bonus. The pricing is the same as World of Warcraft ($14.99 USD per month), but I think it's worth it in my honest opinion.Overall, this game is a very fun and unique experience. It's a nice tribute to the fans as well; especially the ones who wanted this to be taken to the online world. I highly recommend this game, but I also suggest waiting for a sale on it so you can save some cash... for the membership!"
76561198227362272,Recommended,306130,24164680,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Rae.Kitten,"Another typical MMO with some inclusions of the Elder Scrolls universe. Mechanics are slightly different along with menu options. Follow quests to gain experience and gather your own materials - very specific and sometimes difficult to find if others are harvesting the same ones - for crafting and completing daily optional jobs. Storylines are many and even have level recommendations as to who should and should not follow that particular quest line.Able to marry another player to increase experince.Recommend for the MMO lover, previously playing any of the other single player Elder Scrolls not needed. The file is rather large for my personal gaming preferences.Overall I give this a 7/10"
76561198082801493,Recommended,306130,25949654,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,vendetta2377,"Among the few best MMO's I've; a veteran, have played."
76561197961798978,Recommended,306130,33527883,Posted: 13 July,all,ButtHairSweater,This game is lit
,Recommended,306130,20326993,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,hyd,Good content to play for that price :)
,Recommended,306130,33417340,Posted: 9 July,all,[KoFT]LeatherDaddy,I got to punch a kitty person in the face 10/10
,Recommended,306130,33614631,Posted: 17 July,all,foleydil,"As of the date of this review, I've logged 237 hours of gameplay.so... that's my review."
76561198088898073,Recommended,306130,33488670,Posted: 12 July,all,bigeast451,"I'm new to ESO and it took me a while to understand the game play. Although I'm still learning, I love this game. It has also made me realize how I depended on using cheat codes in Oblivion and Skyrim. And because I have to complete a quest on my own, I've died at least a hundered times. But you have to play honest. And as I'm playing solo, I do appreciate when I meet up with other players and there's a mutual understanding, I help them defeat some bad guys, and they help me. It's a comunity."
76561198097373392,Recommended,306130,29895412,Posted: 13 February,all,Kaa,"Great game. A big open world where you can do what you want, many quests, friendly players, great music and gameplay.Just buy it!"
,Recommended,306130,33448149,Posted: 10 July,all,SierraTheWolfe,"This isn't your typical Elder of the Scrolls game, because once you start playing you will come to the realization that a lot of the former features that you were used to have were removed and replaced. Basically this has become World of Warcraft where you have guilds, party members, quests and competitions. Finding or picking up arrows is now the thing of the past since they replaced the system that heavily relies on your skill and the bow that you are using. Commiting a crime as a theif or murder will likely gain you a wanted level that increases more as you get caught or run away from the gaurds. It does decrease over time, but the guards are always on godmode that means they cannot die even if you try harm them. You can neogotiate, but most of the time they will chase you until you are out of bounds.Character development remains nearly the same as it did in the prior games. You can select your appeariance and traits, but species may be limited pending on your game expansion (more on that later). Some Accessories, costumes, mounts, pets and etc are possible, but limited to being purchased with actual money to get crowns (similiar to what mobile games have done).Getting a house for yourself requires you to either do the quest for a ""new player starter"" or save up on ingame currency or buy it with crowns. There are some restrictions for certian things, but crafting objects for your home can be quick or tedious. You can also trade or buy objects such as furniter for your home, but expect hefty prices.You can either join or start your own guild, but don't expect everything to be perfect. Most guilds out there can be hard to find if you are picky, but starting your own requires a lot of recruiting and know how. Expect to use the chat or the forums to find a guild or party. My only complaint is that there needs to be a look up or search for guild feature.Fast Travel is somewhat complicated since it relies on the idea of a Way Shrine or travel to friend's location. Most of the time Fast Travel is restricted pending on how much in game coins you have earned. Expect to walk or ride your mount a lot to get to destinations, but I suggest doing this more often because you never know what you might miss out such as treasures, resources for crafting items, in game events and constant experiance for mapping out new locations or buildings. Plenty of quests are along these routes, so avoid using Wayshrines when possible.You can add on mods aka add ons to enchance your experiance while playing, but don't expect anything over the top since there are limits on what can be done.Skills and Crafting have gotten somewhat complicated if you do not know what you are doing. Stanima no longer affects your carrying compacity, but instead determines how often you can use your abilities and amount of damage you can do. Overall the rest somewhat remains the same.The chat feature has a variety of options, but the online community is a bit out there with various conversations, in-game offers or questions from players, guilds recruiting or players looking for certian things.I would recommend this game to everyone, but there is too much to cover. You'll have to see for yourself."
76561198061432657,Recommended,306130,24735293,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,RicketyCricket,"(Steam wasn't tracking my playtime for the first couple of days for some reason. I have well more than 3 hours in the game.)I was terrified of playing this game. First it was the simple fact that I never wanted an Elder scrolls MMO, and the fact that I typically hate MMO's in general. I've tried several and I simply cannot get into them. Then it was the price, 60 dollars retail plus a monthly subscription. Then it was the early reviews which were horrible. But now that it was on sale for 20 bucks and there is no mandatory subscription, I figured what the heck, at least I can explore for a bit and if I don't like it, I can refund it.I can say with confidence that this game is super fun to play. It doesn't have the typical steep MMO learning curve, it looks great, it plays great and I have had a great experience playing almost exclusively in singleplayer. People that play the elder scrolls will get the majority of the systems right away, The skills system isn't hard to learn and the way they incorporate traditional Elder Scrolls elements into it creates a game that feels like an Elder Scrolls game and it's own thing at the exact same time. I have no regrets over this purchase, and as a purist that loves singleplayer Elder Scrolls and never wanted to see ""Skyrim online"", after playing it I can only recommend it."
,Recommended,306130,26946139,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,papa,"Only picked this game up a few days ago and haven't managed to stop playing it since, the opening story really sets the scene for you and it just feels like a fresh breath for MMORPG's, honestly this game is great, to play alone or with your friends, 10/10 just love it"
76561198131843696,Recommended,306130,27131717,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,smiley32677 (Skinodds.com),"Very fun, even as an MMO game. 67 GB game."
,Recommended,306130,33059432,Posted: 30 June,all,★ Mr Trillson ★,I used to have this game as a negative review but a lot has changed since then.I believe ESO is the best MMO out right now as the updates that added housing and the justice system bring it to a true Elder Scrolls feel. The devs of this game are actually listening to fans and the game just appeals to me because the questing and exploring is fun. Not to mention it's in my favorite fantasy universe.
,Recommended,306130,19783403,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,MSDakaRocker,"This is exactly what I expected, an MMO with a little RPG set in the Elder Scrolls world and I'm enjoying every minute. I'm a Bethesda fanboy and even I was concerned before buying this as I wasn't sure about the Beta but I got the full game and have never looked back.My tempered thoughts are:The lore could be more in depth but it works for an MMO, I like it but with the previous RPG's had TONS.Without DLC it's tricky finding challenging zones to level up when you get to certain Veteran ranks even once you've completed the game in one faction map but I'm still playing.I woud've liked greater choice and variation in the skills available. I like it but I think I've been spoilt by longer running MMO's like Guild Wars I/II and WoW.I'm not sure I like the limitations on trading, you have to be with a trading guild, and can only list limited number of items. Again I've been spoilt by other MMO's.It's not Morrowind, it's not Oblivion, it's not Skyrim, it's a straight forward MMO, (and NEW, so it's still growing) that balances the MMO and RPG elements well indeed."
76561198076471655,Recommended,306130,27863058,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,VS Poison,10/10
,Recommended,306130,26096593,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ddynamite,Its pretty good but with the the key you get use it on the website and instal the launcher via that to save a ton of space.
76561198099498538,Recommended,306130,24225051,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TheAngryWalrus15,Best game I have ever played. If you are a fan of the Elder Scrolls series why do you not have this game yet. It has all the immersion of all the other TES games plus the online factor. This is seriously one of the best games ever.
,Recommended,306130,24228926,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Grumpy24.7,totally worth it
,Recommended,306130,24231574,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Tyranarsurus-Rekt,Best game ever.
76561198133762025,Recommended,306130,24225343,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,OctoRogue,Horses need to be less expensive.
,Recommended,306130,33477100,Posted: 12 July,all,Shiny Cloud,"The Elder Scrolls Online is MMORPG, which makes you almost feel like part of Tamriel.Variety of skills and its ways you can combine them really surprised me. You can be mage with greatsword or warrior using healing staff, if thats your style.Crafting is important at the beggining of game, later becoming useless when you discover magic of dungeons and loot. Still, you can craft good gear if you want or need and there are about 6 crafting skills, few working in different way and for honest player its still fun discovering new poiton ingredients and its powers.PvP was taken by completely new and great concept. Once you get lvl 10, you can go into Cyrodil, ONLY PvP area in game(that means you can travel into capital of other 2 factions without any problem). First time you get here, game introduces you to its main concept, siege engineering. You can own 3 types of ballistas, catapults or trebuchets, each has own pros and cons. Destroy outer wall or gatehouse door, then inner walls or doors and conquer keep. Or defend keep against enemy trying to conquer yours keep. From my experience I can say its always the best to find a group, there is always some group in need of good people and as long as you obbey orders and act in time of need, you will have fun. :)As much as other game, even here are micro transactions. Besides DLCs it doesnt affect game much. There are mostly cosmetic items and mounts, which make no difference. DLCs give you access to a great new aspects of game, like Thieves Guild, which I recommend to thieves, their skill line is really useful, but it all costs Crowns, which you can buy by IRL money.About level, Im not sure where is cap. Usualy it goes into lvl 50, then something happens and you get champion level, which is most like Skyrim skills. Cant tll much about this, cause I never been there yet.Combat is taken by trend, which is active combat system, when you must move to dodge most of enemy spells or attacks.Dungeons are with story, mostly divided into 2 levels, 1st, which is mostly easier one, then 2nd, which is mostly harder, longer, but more rewarding. Loot is mostly to sell or deconstruct to gain more crafting XP.Guilds are solved way I never seen. You can be member of 5 guilds, but its for whole account. There are 5 types of guilds from my point of view: RP, Trader, PvP, PvE, General. What will you probably want is to be in trader guild. They almost always have guild trader, which is like auctions in other games, but here you need to be guild member to use it. Then it works like enywhere else. You put item, someone comes, buys it and you are richer. Pretty simple.Overall, TESO is great game, which is limited a little by paid stuff, but in the end its very playable even for poor guy who barely affords to buy this game. In numbers, I would say 8/10."
,Recommended,306130,31319123,Posted: 23 April,all,Dra♡caryz,2Ez4Dusk
,Recommended,306130,26455767,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,@Jamesldr,"The best MMO I""ve ever played"
,Recommended,306130,20983644,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,kawa,"Game has a ton of content, and one of the most interesting combat systems I have seen in an MMO. The writing/lore is great and keeps questing from being too mundane.I haven't even touched the pvp, still leveling my character to max rank - but dungeons and questing alone have been fun enough for me to wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who loves the grind. For 20-30 bucks and no sub fee required, you can't really go wrong.Edit: Been playing for more than a year. Excited for morrowind. Good updates."
76561198263915272,Recommended,306130,26638557,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,fkornfield,"amazing game, gives you a lot of quests and amazing story line, as well as gives you a chance to buy mounts, but that does cost crown coins, which do cost actual money if you are not a ESO plus member."
76561197994305781,Recommended,306130,26669405,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Darien13,"Started playing during the free weekend, and I know I'm going to continue.  There seem to be many people expecting Skyrim, but this is a different game entirely.  It seems to have a massive amount of content, looks great, and seems to be a very promising MMO.  I heard from the rumor mill about how the One Tamriel update made this game excellent and so far I'm highly enjoying it.Something I like about the game is the flexibility in classes and builds.  There are so many skills and combinations between your weapon and class skills, and the skills I've heard about from guild trees and others.Overall definitely recommend checking out this game.EDIT: I bought the game and have been enjoying it since."
,Recommended,306130,26669633,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Rinku,"I love the reality of this game. its not that hard when you are starting out like most games. it gives you what you need, not a bunch of crap. its straight forword and i love it. %100 worth the money."
,Recommended,306130,28105262,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Loaf,Heard it was crap at first but now after some changes it's sikk.
76561198376987195,Recommended,306130,32281344,Posted: 8 June,all,tburke3,"Fantastic, I've been waiting to play Morrowind since I first heard it was to be released. I loved playing skyrim, and I do admit it is different playing an online version."
76561198089991095,Recommended,306130,26097085,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Beaveridoo,"A fresh take on MMOs with great and much welcome spinoff of the typical leveling and progression, for fans of single player Elder Scrolls games and without any signs of the plague of ""Pay to Win"".Got hooked on the combat, stayed for the rich lore and great community."
,Recommended,306130,29506680,Posted: 26 January,all,the pyro update | titan.tf,can't even play the game without it crashing10/10
,Recommended,306130,16481828,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,💉gay corrupting pollen 200(11)4,well its better than it used to be and you can be a cute kitty
,Recommended,306130,34265465,Posted: 15 August,all,GoatJacobs,"I've played most MMO's a decent amount, This has a simpler combat and very good crafting, which suits me fine, Delves are fun little caves and overall I enjoy playing it a few times a week exploring. Fishing is basic and Farming doesn't exist, that's my future wishes!I can't give a review from a serious MMO players view but for a casual player like myself it's great."
76561198041378680,Recommended,306130,34084702,Posted: 7 August,all,Sel,"I bought this game two years ago or so and I didn't enjoy it so much. I played for two weeks.I reinstalled few days ago and I notice it changed a lot. I am totally loving it!I hope I can get the expansion soon :)Quests, items, crafting, personalization, everything is cool. Fighting is fun too!"
,Recommended,306130,34410473,Posted: 22 August,all,Drayklor,"Beautiful world and in depth crafting system.  I think I spent the last 100 hours just collecting resources, crafting furniture and making tea.  Chop chop, dig dig."
76561198312769128,Not Recommended,306130,25335216,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Some Dude,"I followed all of the instructions, I did everything it asked, and when I tried to play it, it didn't work. But at that time I couldn't have a refund because I took too long. It's my fault that I can't get a refund, but it's not my fault that the game dosn't work. However, it could just be because I used a macintosh. I'm not extremely sure though."
,Recommended,306130,28499428,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Terrarings,GET IT SKYRIM WILL ADD MULIPLAYER SOON ALSO SO GET ELDER SCROLL ONLINE U WILL BE PRO AT IT
76561198022031516,Recommended,306130,30840999,Posted: 30 March,all,Mindbender,"Does your typical mmo but better with voice acting and nice lore, if you already like mmos then this is for you."
76561198280782769,Recommended,306130,30836818,Posted: 30 March,all,batman31932,I love the playstyle where you can use magic and any combination of weapon at the same time.
76561198155475042,Recommended,306130,30499341,Posted: 13 March,all,unturned weeb :))),"Really a good RPG gives you a good feel of Tamriel, its really fun with friends."
,Not Recommended,306130,21602222,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,hentai,i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game
76561198122862382,Recommended,306130,34484548,Posted: 25 August,all,Dis Boi,Pretty ♥♥♥♥in sick man. Buy it on sale tho
,Recommended,306130,26900570,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Saigun,decent
,Recommended,306130,34477491,Posted: 25 August,all,Wisvi,Downloading 15%.. I'm so happy!!
,Recommended,306130,34603648,Posted: 30 August,all,すけべい Raiberun,I'm a Elderscrolls Series fan . i would say to this 10/10 . don't expect it to be like skyrim . because it's not . the community here is good . always helping each other out as myself helping others to their quests . this game is also eating my time and i love it
,Recommended,306130,28440042,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,MeatShield.,"Great Game, Heaps of fun and good graphics. Don't expect skyrim as its still an MMO.Btw.... membership is $15aud from their site..."
,Recommended,306130,26733832,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,firewolf,"one of the most addictive games ever, this game is a combination of the skyrim world mixed with world of warcraft, I highly recommend this game and if you feel like you dont like it or something you dont like about the game you should try expermienting with different classes, race, and playstyle and een if that makes you feel bored try playing with friends, there is almost endless things to do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198052319239,Recommended,306130,34633184,Posted: 31 August,all,Peekachu,"Top of its class for action-MMORPGS combat: no cooldowns, dodging, interrupting and blocking. A majority of issues can be found on console platforms or low spec PCs, I've crashed once, literally once on my new 4K rig and I was encoding at the time lol.Buy to play with a decent, mostly cosmetic cash shop. Four content updates of varying sizes each year. Morrowind felt smaller than it should be, Wrothgar and hopefully the fall's DLC region are meatier.All in all, this is one of the few games that I can't step away from. It's polished. It's got great voice acting and more and the possibilities for gear and customization are almost endless (unless you're a meta-sheep and need someone to post a build for you).I can see myself playing this for another three years, catastrophes notwithstanding. Solid 8.5/10"
76561198121996508,Recommended,306130,29056575,Posted: 6 January,all,HeliosMlD,i love this game there are too many things to do in this game1 nice pve and pvp for new players2 awesome pvp and pve for end game3 its not p2w :D4 large maps5 world design is very very good6 it has everything u want crafting gathering dungeons and good pvp if u dont like large scale pvp u can go to some places and duel with peoples or do battlegrounds :Dit has everything guys a full and beutiful game7 it has nice dlc packs lime imperial city and others8 best thing in this game is u can play as everything that u want with any weapons i mean there is no certain calss for certain rules9 nice story10 nice quests...................................................................................................................................................................................all i can say is possetive things about this game but i have one negetive thing tooin every patch they change some sets so in every patch u should grind for new patch gears and thats suck and when u get best in slots another patch will come i dont say that this always happen but every 3 months it happen for some classes but certain rules like healers always had same sets from one tamriel but damage dealerssets always change becouse they made some sets better and nurfed some sets.....................................................................................................................................................................................after 2000h of this game i can totally tell u this game worth u time and moeny and i love this game
,Recommended,306130,34660578,Posted: 1 September,all,ItzKeon | GFX,"The game (Elder Scrolls Online) is broken for me at startup says i dont have Vcredist x64 2015 even though i do.Also the loading screen is broken and just always loads and my pc specs have nothing to do with it, it is a bug/glitch because more people have the same exact problem.If there is a fix please tell me <3"
,Recommended,306130,28885130,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Shockmaw,This game has hours of fun (even thought i just got it) i love it its another good Elder Scrolls game.
,Recommended,306130,28885263,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Brewergamer,"This is one of the greatest mmorpgs I have ever played (and I have played ALOT) the voice acting is stellar, the gameplay is amazing, and the features are truly unlimited.  It is a buy to play game, you but it once and no subscriptions are required again! Truly a great deal.  I recommend for anybody and everybody to try it."
76561198033976952,Recommended,306130,28883305,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,squeeks4_7,"It's great fun, passes the time well and has a good learning curve.  Interesting and has good graphics."
76561197963337562,Recommended,306130,28113056,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ramp,"If you go into this game with the mindset that you'll be playing a MMO in the Elder Scrolls universe, and not the other way around, you're going to love every second of this game.  I haven't enjoyed an MMORPG since WoW during the vanilla days (and this doesn't even have the month subscription fee!)  Highly recommend this game."
76561198248601116,Recommended,306130,33366500,Posted: 8 July,all,Badmon™,"among all mmorpg , i think this game , makes me wanted to play non-stop and most important its not a ""paid to win game"" compared to other mmorpg :)"
,Recommended,306130,34591419,Posted: 29 August,all,Tay215,"A different kind of MMO for sure, ESO is massively story driven but has some really neat features that make adventuring and exploring really rewarding.A less rigid system of group activities than other MMOs : You'll encouter players everywhere and you truly share the environment ie I found myself working a dark brotherhood contract with 2 others, sneaking through and simultaneously completing the same objective in the same instance...which was GREAT. With all the engaging content available the social aspect of this game really is excellent considering theres no need to 'group' / 'invite' or even interact with anyone in order to share instances and complete quests together, it just sort of all overlaps!Also, there is a lot to do...like A LOT of quests, areas, events none of which feel tedious or blank NPCs sending you on errands(I'm nowhere near endgame yet) Having put literally weeks worth of hours into GW2 and more recently BDO I can definitely say ESO is less ""grindy"". Also no rng which is bliss.Grind is present in every MMO -- but the gear grind truly is endgame and ESO doesnt lock you in to one playstyle. The classes are adaptable and the respec system not punishing enough to stop you from experimenting with playstyles which feels like Skyrim.It's NOT skyrim, but it does scratch that itch for more things elder scrolls and as far as MMOs go its probably the most enjoyable one I've played because its surprisingly not MMO-like."
,Recommended,306130,30781828,Posted: 27 March,all,Adenette,love this game
76561198031973392,Recommended,306130,34898309,Posted: 12 September,all,Jensen Ames,"As a old school runescape player a WoW vet and multiple other mmo and multi player game vet I would have to say ESO is top notch. The PVE is top notch. Almost makes you feel like your playing a single player elder scrolls game with some random friends. The game itself takes place before any of the single player games. It does however make an effort to be user friendly to people who played those games like I have since the 90's. most obviously seen in the recent Morrowind DLC. The lurking curve is lower then say Eve online or other MMO's. The free account cause that basically is what it is isn't as handicapped as say Heroes and Generals and the items you can buy have a in game price and a ""crown"" price. Both are steep but not impossible. The enemies seem to level with you so it's always the same kind of combat. Even the nub crabs and skeevers. Long story short it's a great game."
76561198052336671,Recommended,306130,23985783,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Blaine,Obsessed
76561198066303261,Recommended,306130,30847938,Posted: 30 March,all,A4 | Airhead,It's not nearly as bad as what you've heard.In my opinion the best [active / new ] mmorpgdo NOT expect skyrim online and you will enjoy this game.
76561198157771822,Recommended,306130,29980435,Posted: 17 February,all,STEREO_DJ,"Takes time to get into but once you're hooked, it is fun"
76561198358478144,Recommended,306130,34966465,Posted: 15 September,all,Kame senpai (The Legend.......,Really good game. Buy more DLC it is more amazing.
76561198119438192,Recommended,306130,31772596,Posted: 15 May,all,CORTEXX,"Hi there i'm Cortexx and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game!To start this review off i HATED this game at release it was a buggy walking simulator with shallow gameplay and a worthless party system which made the game feel like a sinlge player game where the npcs went crazy running around like lunatics.So in my wisdom i decided to revisit the game after some of my friends told me it's gotten better, So i logged on and load up my old lightning mage and well.......They were right!The game now has mobs drop more than one piece of gold which is so much better than just one and the party system has seen a lot of improvements and it really feels like an MMO which it is meant to be.....sure the game is still a little buggy and sometimes repetitive but that can easily be fixed if you have a good buddy to travel and quest with instead of doing it alone.For thos that enjoy non-tab targeting combat and a fun experience looki no further than ESO but for those that are looking for a deep story to really get into or really flashy combat that makes you feel like a true badass and a hero then go and play games like SWTOR or Black Desert Online but for me the game does the job."
76561198274391720,Recommended,306130,28031976,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,L0newolf,"If you're a fan of huge, open-world with countless areas and locations to explore and quests to do, this is something for you."
,Recommended,306130,28041441,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,*U2K*,Very cool game!!
76561198023253644,Recommended,306130,28069689,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,typodemon00,"Months after all the hype surrounding this game has faded and long into it becoming buy to play, I can safely say, it seems to have done a great job turning around.When ESO first came out, there were many complaints of not being able to work with friends to enjoy the game together, and while far from perfect, it seems to have done away with some of the more glaring issues.If you enjoy the lore behind the Elder Scrolls series, and want to adventure in Nirn with your friends, buy the game and buy the adventure pack to make your race with whatever alliance you all decide on, its great fun.But if your going in thinking its just like any other elder scrolls game, you may be dissapointed.Overall I have quite enjoyed my time in ESO, the combat mechanics improve on what already exists in Skyrim, and add in a bit of MMO flavor with active skill bar that is full-active combat which I greatly appreciate."
,Recommended,306130,32598301,Posted: 20 June,all,H3CT1CCA11UM,It is a very good game
,Recommended,306130,28030966,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kidz,"Pretty fun, favourite part is stealing things then selling it to those druggos underground."
76561198044256805,Recommended,306130,28035588,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ShitDemon,pretty good
76561198125703117,Recommended,306130,28044460,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pink Panda,Fun
76561198142533362,Recommended,306130,28079290,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,☠ larry the Cunt Destroyer ☠,@
76561198026511408,Recommended,306130,28087286,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,sgteam,Great Game!
,Recommended,306130,28087567,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,technobeastie,good
76561198090464025,Recommended,306130,30667966,Posted: 22 March,all,RumbleToots,"For the MMO noob and huge elder scrolls fan like myself, this game is pretty amazing. The quests give a good insight into ES lore and are pretty well written and varied, which is even more impressive when you see just how many of them there are (the main story pales in comparison to the great DLC story). The pvp i found to be one of the highlights of my playtime so far, the huge faction battles and sieges of keeps and the like are pretty breathtaking (at least for me anyway). I cannot say what the true end game content is like just yet, however there seems to be a very large amount of dungeons of varying difficulty and reward available for high level players which I look forward to. I have had some technical issues, more precisely, the same issue many times over. I sometimes get stuck in an infinite loading screen which i have to alt f4 and restart because of, but this doesn't happen often enough for it to severely hinder the experience. Personally, I am  having a blast playing this game, and I'm very excited to see where it goes in the future (including morrowing in june)."
76561198047425707,Recommended,306130,31360452,Posted: 25 April,all,SiliconCheeks,"I've played Morrowind and Skyrim prior to playing this title. My overall recommendation is that this is a GREAT game for those who are interested in level grinding, character customization, storyline, and adventure. There are literally limitless possibilities (I haven't even purchased any of the DLC). This game definitely keeps me occupied and entertained."
,Recommended,306130,32206503,Posted: 5 June,all,skoomas09,"Its not bad like a lot of people thinjk it has qa great map, good customisation, and even houses."
,Recommended,306130,32599848,Posted: 20 June,all,Emo Nemo,good game
,Recommended,306130,28030597,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AFHza,Close to 100 hours in and still having fun. The maps is huge and just the questing around which you can do solo will take you a very long time to finish. Definetly worth getting if on special. $/H is well worth it.
,Recommended,306130,28041334,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GHOST,Best MMORPG i've played so far :D
76561197998177221,Recommended,306130,28063999,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Meta©,"A great & fun game, a must have for mmo and action combat enthusiastsThe game world is captivating & beautiful, gameplay is very good.Totally worth it"
76561198161844608,Recommended,306130,28086765,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jazzthecat,fun
,Recommended,306130,30669982,Posted: 22 March,all,Garvire,"The Elder Scrolls Online : Tamriel UnlimitedIGN Score : 8/10|My Original Score : 7/10|My Updated Score : 9/10Compared to enjoyment, was it a good buy? Yes. (Very much so.)Would I reccomend it to friends? Yes. (Still, yes!)Am I still regularly playing (ex. 2-6 hours/week)? No. (Yep! Way more content!)If no, why? Loss of interest.UPDATED REVIEW:I would have to say that while ESO was originally pretty good to me, all of the new content since the last time I reviewed it has added so much more to the game. If I had to critique it, I'd just say that I still hate mircrotransactions, but I understand to keep money flowing in.Cheers!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Considering the MMO's out there, I was getting sick of having to constantly pay for a subscription to play, but I also didn't want to compromise quality and overall enjoyment because I was playing a F2P that was s**t out from a MMO mold. I have always been a fan of the Elder Scrolls series, so I decided to avoid the negative comments and go ahead and buy the game anyway. I bought it full price quite some time ago, and had a lot of fun with my friends. We had no idea what we were doing, I think that was what most of the fun was.Along comes the next expansion for WoW, so I left to go play for a bit and ESO went back onto the shelf. Fast forward a few months, and I come back to a lot of new content, super helpful people in the starting areas, and a lot of bug fixes for the stuff that I faced originally.Overall? It's a good buy if you're looking for what I call a ""hardy"" MMO. Something different molded with something recognizable, and constantly staying fluid. I believe ESO will thrive if it continues it's no-sub and new content additions."
76561197968596876,Recommended,306130,28032289,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,nello_ j,"This game has really  come of age with the recent update(s) ""One Tamriel""  .It's migrated into a truly an open world for all to explore and enjoy be it new players or vets.. The developers have listened and they gave back... respect!I'm having a lot of fun with this game and there are endless things to do ... it might be better than Skyrim.?.. as it seems more alive. well seeSo far in my short play time I found the amount of content present and deep character customization options are..., well lets just say its incredibly diverse and can be a bit overwhelming when starting out, but after a few hours and leveling up you can really see what this world has to offer.I'm usually not a fan of the  MMO style game at all , but this has been really well throughout and has been tweaked to the level of respect that franchise history deserves.  You can play the way you want to.... solo /PVE with friends/ .PVP ... just go around and explore, and you see what it's all about and what you want it to be for  you."
76561198089511172,Recommended,306130,28047394,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,nesselena,"I've only played this game for about two weeks, but I'm really enjoying it and like the big world and the different classes. Feels very open even with the builds you can make for your character. Not sure if it's too open, but I'm enjoying it so far. I would recommend this game to others, especially if you enjoyed playing the offline versions too."
,Recommended,306130,28069681,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Antimatter,Fun stuff. Lots to do.
,Recommended,306130,28084807,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,quacke.,"It's not Skyrim Online, but it's not that much off. Places just look different, quests are a little bit dumbed down, no memorable charecters, etc.But the skill system is imo even better than in skyrim and the movement is smoother. Awesome graphics, perfect soundtrack and a lot of stuff to do."
,Recommended,306130,28036722,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Emperor Nuttella,"At first when i heard about the release of this game i was overjOYED. I enjoyed Oblivion and i absoulutelly adore Skyrim. I am truly infatuated wiht the lore of the Nirn and Tamriel. While the adventures of the Dhovakin is impressive it felt cool knowing I could play a story much farther back in the timeline. However, the game was released and i didn not buy it. People complained and said this game was not good. I would say otherwise. THis game lives up my expectations and honelsty it is a MMORPG and it fufills my needs for a MMORPG. The story is pretty good and involves a lot of Molag Bal which can never go wrong. So thats why i htink this game is actually on the level of maybe morrowind if not a bit better. Oblivion was better but not by much and SKyrim is still untouchable. but what they have in common is that its all Elder Scrolls. And while exploring the world of Tamriel was fun alone its just as great playing wiht others."
76561198134156239,Recommended,306130,28040387,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,dellwolfdog,The definition of epic
,Recommended,306130,30673122,Posted: 22 March,all,ToniDoGame,Always love a good fantasy game
,Recommended,306130,31362520,Posted: 25 April,all,W.0.|.F OldManShween#2361,"worth the money and enjoyed all my play time...50% of my playtime just updating the new patch, 25% on character customization ( which then i wore a helmet and armor)20% running from Guards 4.99% wondering off 0.01% actually did the mission5/7"" would recommend"
76561198103056870,Recommended,306130,28027487,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,O.J.,"ESO had some issues starting up, but it has been transformed into an incredible MMORPG that will hopefully be an example to others in years to come."
,Recommended,306130,28033833,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sograntum,Шикарная Игра
,Recommended,306130,28069249,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Razeey =D,Epic Game . Good Graphics. Its Totally funny
76561198141658491,Recommended,306130,31363823,Posted: 25 April,all,Yuuki,its fun i guess
76561198078886752,Recommended,306130,35095677,Posted: 20 September,all,Vondalt,"Every 3rd step is a screenshot waiting to be taken. After years of Wow gear grinding, I could never go back now with the cartoon graphics. The end-game isn't as hard-core as wow which many won't like however the character development makes wow's seem like silly pre-teen browser game quality.Color your armor any way you like, after collecting the dye. Customize your house with death jump traps or pretty flowers, it is up to you.I tried this game when it came out and it was horrible. Now, it is worth your money and hours."
76561198248474232,Recommended,306130,26741667,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,tracerm6c,"I got to try it out for the 3day pass guess how long it took to download and install? and once that was over I still had to patch it... I bearly had enough time to get past the intro area... I'd blame the internet connection but I saw others posting speed test DL speeds that were acceptible and yet it still took them 2ish days to finish thier DL's...? I wanted to play more then what I got to play but see this thing called ""real life"" came in and told me to do things that I left in neglect for 3days watching a download happen... not happy about that... but I may buy anyways because I saw elements in this game that I have been seeking out for decades in other MMO's"
76561198029097277,Recommended,306130,26368131,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Fly King Chris,"I was kind of worried going into this game, but honestly it's the most fun MMO I've ever played."
,Recommended,306130,27573168,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jcyrus,"I've been playing MMO's since UO launched back in the 90s, but I had sat out ESO when it launched due it having a high purchase price and subscription fee, but no free trial system. I wasn't willing to do a blind buy-in.The game has since dropped the subscription fee (it's optional now), lowered the purchase price, and recently offered a free weekend. Finally having the opportunity to try it out I did just that, and the very next day I purchased the Gold Edition.This isn't your regular MMO. This is a MMO that rewards Explorer-type players, rather than focusing solely on dungeon treadmills and min/maxing for PvP.As with other Elder Scroll games, the game is filled with lore for you to discover. NPC dialogue trees frequently contain branches that exist solely to flesh out backstories or lore events. Books you can read are all over the place, as are notes and letters (including quest-related ones).The main storyline quests will lead you from one area to the next, but by leaving the path you will discover even more places and quests. These optional side quests are done very well, generally to the same quality as the main storyline.To give an example, for 3 days now I've been trying to complete a particular quest where I need to find two Fighter's Guild NPCs.On the first day I got sidetracked by quests taking place around town. I solved some corruption in the town watch, was sent to a Daedra realm, and got certified for crafting.On the second day I got sidetracked by finding players taking part in a boss event, then found a shrine with a bunch of monkeys and bananas, ran into a handful of vampires, then got wrangled into stopping a pirate invasion on the beach.The third day I swore that I would finally complete that Fighter's Guild quest, but along the way I found a mine which obviously I had to see what was inside. I wind up clearing the place and defeating the boss at the end, earning an achievement for clearing it.Maybe tomorrow I'll get around to completing the Fighter's Guild quest?Contributing to the encouragement to explore is that you don't see any levels on enemies. Instead, it appears that encounters are scaled to your current character's range. Even drops from enemies and in chests will be for your level. This lets you go where you want to go when you feel like going there. There are plenty of chests, barrels, crates, and dressers for thieves to seek out, along with locked houses you can break in to loot. The thievery/sneak system plays like straight out of the singleplayer Elder Scrolls.I can't say what the game is like once you've completed all the quests, since I'm still relatively low. But given how long working through the game is taking me, this title is well worth the price - especially with the current sale. The amount of entertainment you'll get out of it will translate to paying pennies per hour."
,Recommended,306130,27573873,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hepatitis AIDS (Stabard),"This is overall a good game, not a lot of people like it because it's so alien compared to the other elder scrolls, it's as if the lore was switched and jumbled so much so that the lore is nearly identical, but there's something wrong with the lore. The gameplay is fluid and great though, you can learn many skills that you can combo with, such as an invisibility skill and a skill that does more damage, or something else, while you are in stealth. There are so many things to do, such as blacksmithing, fishing, woodcrafting, making clothing, and many other things, there are also many sidequests and there are a lot dungeons to explore. With so many things to do, you will never get bored with this game.8/10: Fun, but lacks a story that ties in with the other elder scrolls."
,Recommended,306130,30427787,Posted: 10 March,all,-YoYz-,"well what can I say to this game? this game at the start has a bad review but now they improve a lot.. This game you can do anything (steal things , kill npc, pvp, pve) this was a complete package and you also have an option if you want to be a free user (limited features) and to be a subscriber user (premium access)  I would rate this game a Perfect 10 :D Buy it its worth"
,Recommended,306130,31898005,Posted: 22 May,all,MilitaryHeart,"love it, i'm a big fan of elder srcolls.. my favourite on was oblivion"
,Recommended,306130,26112928,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,cerealz,One of the best mmo's out there!
,Recommended,306130,26138920,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,pagalba 02,GRIND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,306130,26216934,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Dw1nch 4Gibby,"At launch this was♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's come a long way and I'd play this through steam if I could, but the steam version broke for me so I got it from the official site, but this is still a fun game, that I'd definitely recommend to anyone who is looking for a new MMO to play"
,Recommended,306130,26221114,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,xSatvrn,"Honestly, I'm having as much fun with this game as when I first started Skyrim.I then went on to put on thousands of hours on my Xbox.Get.It.Now."
,Recommended,306130,26482288,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Snakebitten,"Played at launch and just encountered too many issues to keep paying the manditory monthly fee. Now the game is free to play, very polished and has a ton of single player and group content to go through. I highly recommend the game in its current form."
,Recommended,306130,27572869,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DE ROOMS,Awesome game with endless content
76561198053568717,Recommended,306130,27577752,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Miami Lion,"Excelent game. Best MMO I've ever played. 10/10It is not like those freaking boring RPG games which you kill chickens and more chickens for XP. This game has a huge lore, and the quests have excellent plots and enemies to face. The graphics are gorgeous, and the gameplay is good. But what I liked the most is the map! The places are very well constructed and are very different. Deserts, snow places, forests, dungeons, all very detailed and open to exploration. Worth every single penny."
76561198100763887,Recommended,306130,27771381,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,zombi3h3art,"Really liking the game so far, still hoping for a better attacking system but thats not for awhile in ES6 probably. The spell caster is really fun and the multiplayer map is so large enough no battle seems the same as the last. trying to find out how to min/max characters is difficult, wish the players wiki information was more good. still its a great game so far so good. i like how purchased mounts have the same movespeed as the horses besides what the horse is feed. alterian dominion was here"
,Recommended,306130,30429861,Posted: 10 March,all,puddyspud,"If you like any of the Elder Scrolls games, pick this game up, if just for the novelty factor. I bought it as a time waster and now have spent over 200+ hours on the game. It's truly Elder Scrolls at it's heart and I'd play it for the Lore factor. The online community is the nicest of any game I've ever played and the features are better than most other MMO's."
,Recommended,306130,31864494,Posted: 20 May,all,trouble,i got the gold version with all dlc's at 50% off and theres over 2 years of game playing. allowed is 8 playablecharacters.
,Recommended,306130,26137860,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Yeu,"Overall great game, however i would recommend skyrim over this and the game starts to get boring since it just grinding and grinding missions."
,Recommended,306130,26153744,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Doctor_Schultz,"Pros:7 million playersVery active YouTube and Reddit communityVery, very friendly community. Probably the nicest playerbase I have ever seen for a gameNot at all pay to win. There are microtransactions, but it's all for DLC and convenience type stuff. (i.e. mounts, storage)Great graphics, especially considering the genreEvery single NPC is voice acted. That's why the download is so hugeInteresting storylineVery little grindingLevel progression is very niceEqually fun to play by yourself, with friends or with strangers.Cons:(Not really a huge con, but) ESO doesn't have quite as much of a sandboxy feel as Skyrim.(Also not a huge con, but) with the huge amounts of character customization, this game can be a little daunting for new players. But then again, the community is so helpful and active that you shouldn't have much trouble having your questions answered on Reddit, or even in game."
,Recommended,306130,26164272,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Mikkis ^^,"So i saw that my friend had over 700h in this game and it made me want to buy the game because i have over 300h in skyrim so this had to be double the fun, and it was!its a big game and has alot of content. it's like 15% WoW and 85% skyrim.It's different than other elder scroll's games but not that different to not be elder scroll's gameFirst impression was that i wasn't gonna buy this at all because of the monthly subscription (just like in wow. i don't wanna play a game that just sucks your money out of your wallet every month) and negative feedback back in 2014.2016 decided to buy full price of the gold edition because i want the full experiense.Now 127h in, it's a great game ,and i haven't even properly started the mainquest.so altogether 4.5/5 game (though i haven't even properly started mainquest)"
,Recommended,306130,27578934,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Khunitus,"Awesome game, Still confusing but it's just so good!"
76561198072466932,Recommended,306130,27750713,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PKVirus,"Would recommend but if ur new to the world maps might seems empty sometime due to timezone i guessbut overall in-game people are really nice , everyone is eager to help you with anything"
,Recommended,306130,26110089,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Shadowless Khan,"I have played every Elder Scrolls game and loved each one.  I put 300+ hours into this title alone at the time of this review.  Before you buy this one tho know that this is also a MMO as well.  While this is an Elder Scrolls game, a few things would need to be changed to make it a massive multiplayer online game unlike the others of the series which are single player so go in with an open mind.By no means is this game perfect but it has come a VERY long way since its beta which I played as well.  All the NPC's are voice acted and for the scale of the game, that is impressive, and they keep making it larger with DLC.  Don't get me wrong, it still has the: Go here and kill this, or go here and speak to this person like most MMOs are but they do throw some puzzles in there for you as well.  The visuals are still beautiful even after all these years.  They have made great improvements on the party system compaired to what is was when the game first came out but just like in any game there are still a few small bugs but nothing that I have come across as game breaking.  Elder Scrolls Online does allow some addons to help customize your experience but its not like the mods in Skyrim.  The PvP... WOW!  It was a blast back then and even more vast now.  If you are a big PvP person, you will enjoy this game.  Me and my guild get together and storm keeps with 30+ people and setup seige weapons while some of us sneak around and cut off their supply lines to either stop their flow of food or take over their supplies so they cant repair from our seige.  Long story short, if you enjoy MMOs and enjoyed the Elder Scroll games, this is worth a try."
,Recommended,306130,26136289,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,capitalg386,"just gonna say it straight, if you haven't tried it at all or since around initial launch then give it another try, its pretty solid imho doesnt feel tragically grindy and if you can get a couple ppl together and team through the content its actually pretty fun to combo things lol"
76561198198982061,Recommended,306130,26155840,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,CyberShadow,"Pros:Enjoyable Story,World looks good,PvP Is Fun(But can Be unbalenced at times)PvE Is Great(Good Community with lots of people to run dugeons)Lots of cool gear that are fun to make new build aroundCons:Making New characters(its boring as hell if you just want to play a new class but dont enjoy doing the same quest over and over ),The meta Gear sets are hard to obtain if you cant get a group togther(will have to do the same dugeon repeatly).Cryodel is not the best if you like PvP but duels make up for this IMO.Chamipion Points(i dont like them. The game was better Without them)In short I like this game and you should buy it but if you like PvP and dont have a lot of time to play dont bother you will always be horriblly behind."
,Recommended,306130,26231537,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Squid,"A fair warning: this game will take a particularly long time to download, perhaps even a total over 24 hours.  Even after you download it on Steam, it's going to take a while for the game to download all of its patches and updates with its launcher.  However, such a long download time in no unwarrented.  This game is jam packed with content inculding huge detailed worldspaces populated with fully voiced characters, so it makes since to have such a big file size.Overall, I really like this game.  It's got hundreds of hourse of gameplay, and it's set in my favourite fantasy realm.  Although it's not quite the same as playing one of the single player Elder Scrolls games, it's still the best MMO I've ever played.  And the first one I've played that doesn't feel like a WoW clone.Although, it isn't without a few drawbacks.  The most notible of which being that the fully voiced characters are a bit of a hit and miss.  Some of them are actually really good, but others are entirely unfit castings, and some of them make me wonder how on Nirn these people thought it would be a good idea to pursue a career as a profesional voice actor at all, or how anyone in their right mind thought it was a good idea to cast such people as hundreds of NPCs to be heard by millions.Another drawback is that combat is more about your character's power and stats, and less about your skill as a player.Still it's a delightful game, and if you want to try to get into an MMO, this is the one."
76561198004132377,Recommended,306130,26361497,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Hexorcist,I took part in the Beta for this 2 years ago.Several elements dissuaded me from purchasing the game once it went live.I have kept an eye on this game from a distance whilst I was active in other games and I wish I had jumped back in the pool a few months ago when Tamriel Unlimited went live.This game will appeal to most MMO pve players and also those that love pvp.The business model at present is close to perfect and there is no p2w.Very impressed with how this game finally matured and I really recommend it to anyone that has previously enjoyed similar games.I am a UK resident and just a mid range rig being a 4 year old i7 920 and gfx 750ti but this game plays superb at high settings and this was very nice to see as I do recall many optimisdation problems a few years ago.<><><><><><><><>After 3 weeks of gameplay I am updating this review as well as nominating the game for a STEAM award.<><><><><><><><>After purchasing this game during the Halloween events I am pleased to say that this game is superb and will satisfy most MMORPG'ers.I am absolutely loving it and it appears to be crammed with content and rich storyline.A very helpful ingame community as well (Euro server)I wish I had returned to this game when the 'One tamriel' update went live.At time of this review the prices have dropped massively for sale and are possibly the best bargain out there.The option to sub monthly rewards you with a superb crafting inventory that can be accessed remotely.Other monthly benefits are a slight xp/coin increase but also a large amount of Crowns to spend ingame on temporary bonus scrolls or mounts and cosmetic items.There is a shared bank across all your characters with the usual class restrictions and whilst the monthly benefits from a sub are handy they are most certainly not essential or P2W ....If like myself you enjoy crafting in MMO then you will no doubt select the sub for the incredibly handy crafting components inventory.The crafting system is rather cool as well as deep.The game being 2 years in the wild has actually got very good support from modders and there is a vast mine of addons available that are quite often updated with the game......I admit to being very impressed with this current version of TESO : One tamriel
76561198133135258,Recommended,306130,26480266,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Maury Povich,"Pros:Decent graphicMega serverNot pay to winCrown and dlc pack go on sale time to time (fairly cheap)Cons:Not friendly towards casual players at all, some hard to get end game gear too overpowered.End game pve way too time consuming and difficultLack of build in voice chat on pc version (PS4 and xbox version have it)Terrible guild store bidding systemPvp skill tree takes about 100 hours of pvp to level up"
76561198039192128,Recommended,306130,35131312,Posted: 22 September,all,HelloMonkey,"The game is story rich, but you are led by the nose through each quest. Voice acting is not bad. Community and guilds are usually friendly, though the usual MMO issues arise from time to time. The biggest issue with this game lately is latency. It can go from 300 - 999+ randomly. Rubber banding can happen during peek times. Overall it can be quite fun and you can play most of the game alone. To get the more upscale items you need to do trials and other group events. Dungeons are easy to join through a queue, but the trials require one to know other players, be in the right place for an invite, or have a guild that runs them."
,Recommended,306130,26145495,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Codex,"Now, don't get me wrong, I do not like this game as a Elder Scrolls game because, in my opinion, there are many incongruencies with the lore, so I do not consider this canon... but as a MMO, it is pretty good. If you don't have the lore to pull you through the game, I suggest joining a RP guild, it can be very fun (specially the PvP)!"
76561198044224603,Recommended,306130,27576478,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Elyzae,"Big step for Bethesda, even though perks and skills are DLC-required it´s worth to buy them to widen the wiew and challanges in the game. Definitely 5/7."
,Recommended,306130,27597494,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Futurama,Fun! :^)
76561198090362306,Recommended,306130,27770468,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Snow Hood,"If you like MMO, and love the elder scrolls lore, then get this one"
,Recommended,306130,28490777,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,nepow glungus,"Really fun take on the TES universe, would reccomend!"
76561197998687087,Recommended,306130,31285527,Posted: 21 April,all,Ragni Skeletron,"This game is pretty fun so far and ive enjoyed every minute of it.I can run the game nicely, consistently over 60 fps, on maxed settings i think.Ive only been dced 3 times, twice cause i went to go do something in the menu screen and got afk booted, and once because of a server restart i think.I started playing elder scrolls stuff with morrowind and im glad the combat and stuff is nothing like that, i love morrowind, it's awesome, but the combat sucked♥♥♥♥♥because in the beginning of the game it was like being a midget armed trex man with parkinsons and a broken leg. i've never played oblivion, heard Patrick Mother ♥♥♥♥ing Stewart is in it though. Then i returned to TES with Skyrim and loved it, and this game is like the majesticness of morrowind mixed with the majesticness of skyrim creating a glorious majestic sheogorathian love child.8/10 great game, needs some more stuff to fully compete with most other mmos, but im sure they'll add it so i wont mention it."
,Recommended,306130,26238406,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Agingnormal,If you want a MMO that won't kill you with insane micro-transactionthis on is mostly for you. ESO to me still feels like an Elder-Scrolls gam.▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓███▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▓██▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▒▒███▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓███▒▒█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓███▒▒█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓██▒░▒█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓░▒▒█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒██▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒██████████████████████▓▒▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█████████████████████▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░. ▓█▓▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█████████████████▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓█▓▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█████████████████▒▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓█▓▒▒▓█▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓█▓▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█████████████████▒▒▒▒▓██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░▓█▓▒▒▒▒▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒██▓▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒██▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▓██████████████████████████▒▒▒
76561198073007625,Recommended,306130,27595899,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,June,had great experience in ESO world
76561198118780686,Recommended,306130,27748640,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,smacko_001,tamriel is pretty awesome.  Lot o fun to be had here.
,Recommended,306130,27814190,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ZHiTNiK,A brilliant MMORPG in the Elder Scrolls universe.Recommended!
76561198096672457,Recommended,306130,28609055,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,skibadabeebap,awesome!
76561198111114699,Recommended,306130,27592908,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dad,Plays Ebonheart. Becomes Werewolf. Gos Into PvP. Rips People In Half. 9/10 Becasue ♥♥♥♥ That Blue Mudcrab
76561197998981554,Recommended,306130,27770159,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Valis,"I really enjoy this game.  It has gotten better with age.  The newest update allows everyone to play together without worry of level differences.  This makes the game loads more fun to play.  They run special events for certain holidays.  The graphics are amazing.  Fighting isn't just turning on autoattack and mashing skill buttons, in this MMO you need to actually aim at things your attacking.  Use specific attacks timed correctly.  Dodge massive attacks/specials the enemies use.  Just about any class can be built to do just about any role.  Lots of races with very cool differences.  Vampires or Werewolves if you so choose to get bitten and perform the quests.  You  have the ability to join up to 5 guilds at a time."
,Recommended,306130,35112063,Posted: 21 September,all,Doofenshmirtz,Simply veRIgud.
,Recommended,306130,26115205,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Chicken Melon,Pretty fun if you are playing it with friends
76561198130505513,Recommended,306130,28491340,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Butt Plug,I dont know how many dance parties i had in this game10/10 would grind against people again
76561198138584018,Recommended,306130,31827493,Posted: 18 May,all,pilipion  de master chef,This game is terrifc. i bought this game a year ago and was not that interested and i was a bit disappointed.Just recently come back on and the change is very noticable.The story and combat flows nicely and there is many quests to do.even just exploring is fun when i have time on my hands and want a break from ther quests The game is much better than in 2014 so you should buy it as when you start playing it will be hard to stop
,Recommended,306130,31863460,Posted: 20 May,all,CRITyorPANTS,This Is one of the best MMORPGS that I have ever played. I Love the scenery. I love how you are open to build your character class the way you like (example: heavy armor 2h sword wielding Mage). Amazing story line.
,Recommended,306130,31867792,Posted: 20 May,all,Pix3lated_Bat,"Not so bad,mechanics are weird, But I am coming from Wow after  almost 10 years.I am curently trying to immserse myself deeper into to the game to keep me hooked.Would be nice if there was a sort of Rp community here as well. But maybe I haven't run into them?"
76561198174941509,Recommended,306130,27597901,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rishi,"This game is wonderful and a truly amazing testament to MMOs everywhere. All the uniqueness of skyrim and its unique combat system and its deep charcter building, storytelling and options given to you with the multiplayer goodness of an MMO. CAUTION: This game might be too awesome for your computer to handle so make sure your computer is good. Checking if you have the right Direct X might help. Anyway i highly rate this game and i give it a 4 out 5. It would be a 5 out of 5 but then i had to fight Godzilla in a quest (I am looking at you Bethesda) and no one wants that."
76561198032934437,Recommended,306130,26475018,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Ex Machina Deus,"I don't normally write reviews.That being said, this one deserves a review.Elder Scrolls has always been a favorite series of mine, I sunk who knows how many hours into Skyrim (pre special version) and I clocked in hundreds of hours on Morrowind on my old Xbox.This lives up to the Elder Scrolls Series.I recently got the Skyrim remastered version, and I found it hard to go back to a single player experience.  I missed the classes system and developing specific skills.  I think the crafting system was much better and much more developed than the other games of the series and I am excited to sink hundreds more hours into this game exploring every facet of character building and raw exploration of the world.10/10"
76561198070060769,Recommended,306130,27572838,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kawaiiBLooDMooN :D,Bit slow but fun
76561198109334622,Recommended,306130,27578348,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tv/1kingofyellow,This game is the most amazing time of my life.
,Recommended,306130,27597899,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nymyth,"Originally participated in the beta, kept the account, but could never get in the free weekends. Read all kinds of reviews, many mixed or negative. Then the game started changing how it was marketed. Decided to try again last weekend on the free weekend. The endless download times ruined it. But, I noticed the new ""gold"" version, deeply discounted and decided to go for it. I am glad I did. Graphics are great. Game plays smoothly. I like being able to solo and take my own pace in the story. I refused to play MMOs for years because of the whole PvP and looting issues, finally not a problem. I can even help others without directly bothering them. I've been a fan of this series since the very old days of gaming. Bethesda just keeps hitting the right spot. If I can immerse myself in the game and forget about my surroundings and time, then the game is good, and this game does just that."
,Recommended,306130,27756017,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Quiode,"This game is better then I expected, really worth buying!"
,Recommended,306130,27765517,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Endarkened Illuminatus,"It's pretty fun.  The GMs aren't too bright, and can be gamebreaking, and it's no FFXI or FFXIV or even an Everquest, but it is still fairly fun.Forget that it's supposed to be an Elder Scrolls game, and you'll enjoy it much more thoroughly.The Annoyance of DLC is great.  Paying for aspects that should be included in the base game is ludicrous, such as the Thieves Guild, and the Dark Brotherhood, but there's still plenty to do in the basic edition.The biggest issue is how the game tries to force you to spend additional money on things like bag space by setting the item prices super low, and the cost of a single slot of inventory expansion ridiculously high.  As a result, inventory management can be very time consuming.  Be prepared to spend some more real money, or spend several hours shifting around inventory.Do I recommend it?  If there was a maybe option I'd click that."
,Recommended,306130,27774219,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Merlin,"DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU HAVE ANYTHING UNDER DIRECT X 11 GRAPHICS CAPABLE CARDS.With that said i have to say this game is a good time killer. It is mostly true to the previous titles and has alot going for it, like questing lines, guilds, and not being pay to win(though you might want to get a subscription if you plan on doing any crafting). It is leagues abouve TERA and RIFT. and could be solid competition for WoW if they allowed Open GL or something other than DX11+ only."
,Recommended,306130,28616356,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,♥Missannamay♥,one of the best mmo i would would highly recommend this game
76561198048459715,Recommended,306130,30306824,Posted: 3 March,all,Beansta_Gangsta,"I bought this game because I loved Skyrim. However, this game has been a completely different experience. While the classes and deities are all from the Elder Scrolls game it doesn't feel like one of their games. This game gives the same experience that the Guild Wars series gave me (highly recommend them). The character customization was satisfying and being able to play the different races with their own specializations was awesome. There are random spawns of unique enemies that appear within the world which was a very nice touch by the developers. Can't say much more at the moment because of the fact that I haven't played through very much of the game yet."
,Recommended,306130,31009824,Posted: 7 April,all,Raz0r,"ESO online, is definitely NOT skyrim ""online."" Actually, there's a mod for that now. So why waste your money thinking ESO is that. It's not. But ESO, when you look at is as it's own Elder Scrolls Game, and it's own MMO RPG, you may come to find that it's a great game.A Few cons:Gameplay is not always fast pacedHard to grind, so hours before PVP is even an optionof course for the money grind, pay to win is sorta a thing.A Few prosMostly, the gameplay is fun.Lots of options and viability as far as builds go.And so far, a nice community is never hard to find here, from passerbys to guilds; they are almost all friendly (In my own experience)So The sum of it:It may not be your cut of game. That's fine. You're spending money for your enjoyment, you should enjoy it. But, if the game is low priced and ON SALE, it'd be a great snag, just to see if you like it, and truel complete your Elder Scrolls Collection until TES VI comes out."
,Recommended,306130,26107573,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,DarkMagician393,"ignore the hours as i do have this on XB1 i've spent a couple of hours on it and to say i've enjoyed it is a understatement i actually enjoy it alot more then the xb1 for two reasons you see people running about on this xb1 is somewhat empty. You can actually talk to people on this via chat where as the xbox you get the 12 year old know it all ""i played skyrim and only skyrim but know everything about elder scrollsand this skyrim is amazin"" <--- that actually happened while also blastering their justin beiber down the mic <--- that also happened. overall it's a fun experience even more fun if you make friends or have friends in the community. the community itself is great they are willing to help you where as 12 year olds go solo and get themselves killed. so yes i would definatly recommend this"
76561198203937825,Recommended,306130,26234626,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Sirius,"The Elder Scrolls Online is a very great experience but not as well than a solo Elder Scrolls...I played several hours but i'm not yet satiated, the game have a long life duration compared to diffent gamplay of classes.I've not tested pvp as long time cause i have not found many players and i found this bornig , at revenge the pve is very good managed for lvl up and xp a specific competence.I dislike the fight systeme because we should to more reflect and that's why teso loses the solo elder scrolls immertion for me.Finaly i'm going to say that TESO environement are beautiful and it's nice to walk around...In short, buy this game ;)"
,Recommended,306130,27590485,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tyiarra Marie,"Began my journal in Oblivion, on through the far lands of Skyrim, and transported my ways into Elder Scrolls Online... best transitions through life I've ever made.  Elder Scrolls Online brings the old memories of Oblivion back to the foreground, all the best features of Skyrim and made them better, gave us more, and introduced great things in ESO.  Combine the best of the best with the additions of playing with friends, improved systems for too many features to discuss in a review...I highly recommend ESO for all of those who are familiar with the trilogy series and the style and makeup of this type of MMO.  This game series has its own graphics style of gameplay that just might not sit well with some people, so take that to heed when thinking about Elder Scrolls... do your homework people... I always put in hours of YouTube research before getting into a serious game.You will be running around, back and forth, you will be grinding, you will be constantly crafting, running to bank, trying make and save money... all the aspects you cannot get around in any MMO... so bring your weary hearts and take arms with us in Elder Scrolls... a great gaming community of like minded folks."
,Recommended,306130,27595577,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Need For Feed,Great World Design with many vastly different zones with unique feels and Plenty to keep you occupied for a long time to come.Brings the best of Elder Scrolls into an MMO format with Awesome Alliance v Alliance PVP and headps of endgame content to keep you busy.
,Recommended,306130,27766634,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lemme get it 🅱ONELESS,"Fantastic, really amazing open-worlds and great story for those are dedicated."
,Recommended,306130,30483582,Posted: 12 March,all,Lord Pistachio,I got punched in the back of the head while wearing a steel helmet and was knocked out.10/10 would get knocked out for the sake of plot again
76561198202953221,Recommended,306130,31868607,Posted: 20 May,all,Wansock,A very great game. I have played it for a few weeks now and I have a lot of fun. It combines a great story with nice battle. No grinding.
76561198113221530,Recommended,306130,26111632,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,d0rit0,Honestly with the new One Tamriel Update this game really goes to the roots of the Elder Scrolls Series.Thanks to level scaling and no borders you can play with friends anytime and anywhere no matter the progress. This game had some downsides but you can see with these updates the developers are actually putting effort into making this game more enjoyable and feel like an actual elder scrolls game. Due to the level scaling the veteran zones are kinda screwed up since you can be a level 38 in a veteran zone which I believe you were around level 50 for veteran zones. This game is honestly worth the money especially on sale.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198139384113,Recommended,306130,26135819,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Raigenku BeastKing,Ok so i have been playing this game for a good while now only started 2 weeks ago but man can i say that i am massively impressed with how well written the story/lore of the missions. The combat feels rewarding and there is just soooo much to do. I totally suggest buying this game for anyone who enjoys MMORPG's :D
76561198158308399,Recommended,306130,26149252,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Shock Jockey,"Getting an error 102, any idea how to fix this?"
,Recommended,306130,26157058,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,smibbie,"Originally played this on PS4 before finally making the switch to PC....all i can say is, holy crap this game is so much better on PC....definitely one of the best MMO's currently. I highly recommend this game, especially if you get a deal on it. Just beware the size of the game is hefty...around 66GB including patches and it will take a while but its worth it."
,Recommended,306130,26159550,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,deanpalmer200165,"Bought this game as you can tell through steam, what I need to know is do you buy crowns via the steam client or direct from the game as I cannot work it out. Otherwise a great game so far even though I am at present farming anchors dueto no friends in game"
,Recommended,306130,27549856,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mckflea,Alot slower than other elder scrolls games but I've put 150 hours into it so it must be at least kind of fun or highly addictive
,Recommended,306130,27580807,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Seth-Modder,"I thought that the Elder Scrolls formula wouldn't work, I was wrong. But buy the Gold Edition because if you buy this one, you won't be able to access certain areas and miss out on certain skill trees. If you buy the DLC afterwards then it will cost you 70 Euro in crowns (in-game currency)."
76561198097593491,Recommended,306130,27751389,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kaygon,IT'S FRICKEN AWESOME! The game does'nt get stale after about 4 minutes of playing like other MMOs. I highly reccomend it if you just left an MMO and you want a new one. I also reccomend it even if you're commpletly new to them too!
,Recommended,306130,28158024,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Fang The Sniper,this game is fun abrbrbrbrbrb
,Recommended,306130,28487354,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,xSorryAboutThat,"My first MMORPG, really fun questing and rpging. Best played with a other people but there is still a lot of good solo content. 9/10"
,Recommended,306130,28615528,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Daison,Fantastic Game ! You can get lost hours and and play this game for hours and hours !!!!
,Recommended,306130,16826451,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,whirlybird15,"Ignore my hours - I use the non-steam launcher and I have well over 100 hours.First thing is first, if you are expecting this to play like any other Elder Scrolls game and WANT a game like that, you won't find it here. This plays like any other MMORPG game out there and if you expect a true Elder Scrolls feel, you will be disappointed. This does not mean I don't recomment it 100% to any Elder Scrolls fan, however.This is easilly one of my all time favorite games now. It's A LOT of fun, especially when you have other players to do Delves with. The quest lines are absolutely engaging and unique, however, there isn't much of an identity for your character outside of the few you meet that know you. That's the one issue and someone else in the reviews put it perfectly, there's not much of an ""I am Me"" factor here. Everyone does the same main quest line and you don't feel necessarily rewarded properly for your efforts.Pros- Fantastic quest system- Engaging and unique storyline and sidequests- Massive map- Great visuals- ALWAYS something to do- Character Builds for every play style (I play an Assassin Archer)- Great and supportive community- Roleplay is a blast- PVP in Cyrodiil is tought (makes you think twice about attacking someone)- First or Third person viewsCons- No ""I am Me"" factor- Grinding does not reward well- Lots of ""Talk to [NPC]"" -> ""Move across this zone"" -> ""Talk to [NPC]"" -> ""You get 120 septims and a Cuirass"" quests- Constantly find armor or items that require a level higher than you areI'll give this game an 8.5/10. If there were more of a character identity that one could build on to, I'd give a full 10/10."
,Recommended,306130,16902704,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Con.Man,"If you like MMOs and you like the Elder Scrolls, you're going to love this game."
76561198155587333,Recommended,306130,23811541,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Thicc Muffins,"(re-do review)I originally had tecnical issues with this game (even though i was running over minimum specs)This is a decent MMO in the Elder-Scrolls universe. if you like the two, you may like this.NOTE: this isn't multiplayer skyrim. there are mods for that."
,Recommended,306130,31102465,Posted: 12 April,all,seeCode the Unicorn,"This is possibly one of my favourite games of all time. I haven't played a lot of MMO in the past, but I love the story telling, the friendly enviroment and endless hours of quests and exploring. Currently playing a dragon knight tank, but I like the fact I can play more than one character with a different class, and even though the quests are the same, the gameplay experience is totally different.Having played now for over 750 hours I decided to get ESO+ so I could use the craft bag and the DLC. Looking forward to Morrowind. It is totally optional whether you choose to subscribe.The only downside is the graphics will only work in pvp on lower settings which can reduce the experience a little, the animations can be a bit crude and the combat a little repetitive if you have a lower DPS setup. Also heartwood.Overall I would recommend this game. At first I was reluctant to pay £50 but now it is worth it (and a lot cheaper these days)."
76561198209793055,Recommended,306130,34726146,Posted: 3 September,all,Willman922,"Great game. Really friendly community, great PVP, PVE, and Boos fight system. Also gotta love the questline ;)"
,Recommended,306130,19573005,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Easy Pete,"To start off, this is an enjoyable game. It plays liek an Elder Scrolls game but it's an MMO, and a well constructed one at that. But it feels like its lacking something. I don't know, whenever I play it I can only play for a couple hours before getting bored. It could be because I only play it solo. I think Bethesda ♥♥♥♥ed up with the subscription plan because they pushed people away form the game, including me, as I waited until they made it pay once and play. I enjoy the time I play it though, and I love how much it works like any other Elder Scrolls game, except online. It's a unique experience. 7.6/10"
76561197981761158,Recommended,306130,20873843,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,pheonix_59,awesome game just wish updating was better everytime the game updates i have to validate local files and redownload everything
76561198105919457,Recommended,306130,19002167,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Infected Plasma,"Great online game if you have 2 or 3 other friends to play with. Be itself it seems like a great game but i can lose enthusiasm for it rather fast. If you have a friends willing to to pay and play i say buy it you'll have fun. If it a just you, thread cautiously because it can get tiresome. Graphics are good sobis the dialogue, and yes alot of fetch quests."
76561198055402234,Recommended,306130,19766312,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Dong Wang,"I know that I don't have very many hours logged like the majority of the other players but I feel like I have enough to write this review.  This is honestly the best MMORPG I've ever played. Don't play this expecting it to be like Skyrim online because it is not, though I feel like this is a very large step toward a game like that. The leving system is amazing and the combat system is greater than any other MMORPGs. Being able to play an MMO in first person is also very fun. Crafting is great, I feel like you shouldn't have to spend Crowns (the currency that is bought with real money) to buy more crafting styles, though that will most likley stay the same because they are making profit.  On a scale of 1-10 I would rate this a 9.5.  Buy this game while it's on sale though, because you might feel like you didn't get what you paid for if you don't."
76561198072783559,Recommended,306130,20385484,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,EveWake,It still feels like an elderscrolls game and world i love yet has mmo features both done perfectly a great hybrid
,Recommended,306130,20538888,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Ot'chyanis,"Great game, albeit a minor problems.  Lore is spot on, and is a perfect game for people who want a real mmorpg experience."
,Recommended,306130,18891857,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Lewis Druid,"This is my first review of a game, but I'm going to be blunt and say this: don't go into this expecting it to be just like the other games in the series. I did and it made it harder to get into. That being said, It is still an awesome game! The first person option is something I've always wanted in an MMO, the quests are a lot like normal TES quests (not like your normal MMO quests), the main story is very unique, and the world is really pretty for an MMO. Now when I said ""don't go into this expecting it to be just like the other games in the series"", I meant that in the aspect of the skills. You don't have skills in the typical sense. Spells for example are learned either through your class or through one of the staff weapons (destruction and restoration). All in all, I enjoy it a lot. Feels like the other games for the most part. The only mistake I made was going in expecting to buy spells and use a perk like in Skyrim. I hope this review helps, and if you get this game, I do hope you enjoy it as much as I do!P.S. You should totally get the Imperial Edition! The horse, mudcrab, extra race, ability to marry, and the ability to make armor Imperial styled is pretty baller :D"
,Recommended,306130,18949543,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,ʟᴀᴄᴏɴɪx,"Improved a lot since I last played on beta, can't wait to see where they take it from here onwards. Really looking forward to exploring all of Tamriel at some point, every TES nerds wet dream.There's so much interactivity in this game though seriously, it completely sucks you in. I can safely say I wont be playing another MMO for a long, long time.Feels like home."
76561198022256683,Recommended,306130,19338474,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,jones,"I bought this game when it was first released, and I hated it. I got my money back right away. Over a year has gone by now and I heard they improved it so I picked it up again being an avid Elder Scrolls fan. I am impressed by how much it has improved. The graphics are 10x better and I am noticing less bugs. There is much more content now with no subscription fee.The only downside I see is you still have to pay for DLC which I think should be included."
76561198040876340,Recommended,306130,19375768,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Okami,"Elder Scrolls Online is alot fun, if u have alot of free time XD."
,Recommended,306130,20531856,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,ToadStoned,"Love it. Most MMO's are not my taste anymore, but this one has its perks."
76561198031803410,Recommended,306130,20565533,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Litdibr,"Love this game! Absolutely awesome, very captivating. Yeah, sure, there are some bugs here and there sometimes, but it's all worth it.Need a really good computer to play this game in high quality though.Community is an absolute gem, however. All people are extremely friendly and willing to help, explain, join each other in quests.I freaking love this game and wish i had more time to play it."
,Recommended,306130,24764512,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,King Of Kings,i love this game 10/10i'm looking for friends <3
,Recommended,306130,18712317,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,G-Man,"This game is a great game, so much cuztomization its awesome. the music is great the story if fun. people are very helpfull at times. i recommend this game anyday of the week...it feels like an elderscrolls game if not better cuz of amount of skills."
76561198042677409,Recommended,306130,19589433,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,jackmor123808,Just love it. There is a story line you can play a role in. How great is that? lots of fun for casual player or group. So much better that the merry go round rince and repeat the older mmorpgs are still doing. This game really takes it to the next level.
,Recommended,306130,29947884,Posted: 15 February,all,jordanfutch.bearriver,I am having a lot of fun so far as a new player. I plan on eventually putting in hundreds of hours into this game and it looks like a good choice.
76561198040107668,Recommended,306130,29972451,Posted: 16 February,all,GManLegendary,This game has changed so much since launch in great ways. My favorite thing about ESO compared to other MMOs is the scaling levels. There is no level requirement for areas or quests. You can go wherever you want in Tamriel and level; it is amazing. This is not only a fun MMO but a fun Elder Scrolls game.
76561198208226265,Recommended,306130,29950394,Posted: 15 February,all,paulroder123,Amazing game. Now is the time to get it. After being out for a few years they have really worked on it and made it great.
76561197999440643,Recommended,306130,30265096,Posted: 1 March,all,ruairimagee,"Better than expected! I held off...and held off....and held off buying this as the reviews have been pretty lukewarm. But i have to say it's more enjoyable than I thought it would be. I've played for over 20 hours but haven't actually chatted to another real player, they frankly scare me. Haha, but it's always nice to have the option. I'm just glad they don't attack me on spawning. My character is an elderly looking ginger creep with backstabing ability. Pretty lifelike actually!I have spent the last 3 hours looking for, and collecting, plants.10/10 just call me Sir Ginger Green-fingers"
,Recommended,306130,35234567,Posted: 26 September,all,Shrimpuff,It's like Skyrim with online.
76561198120699279,Recommended,306130,35261338,Posted: 28 September,all,Kilonta,"The game is fine. Better than most MMOs but the pricing on ingame items is kinda off balance.CRAFTING: So are the ingredients for crafting furnishings. I mean, how do you need 20 sacks of flour to make one candle? Not to mention you get a free home at level 10 or so, but all other houses are end game levels of cash to buy. And all decent furnishing crafting skills are max level skills.MOUNTS: You can get a mount early on that is pretty cheap, but the other mounts offered in game are just reskins for insange amounts of gold.COMBAT: Its alright. not the most dynamic fighting style, but fine.LOOKS: You can do small amounts of customization to characters and you can dye most armors easily. You get dyes from achievments, some of which are hard as bolocks to get. Oh and you can customize your homes with crafted funishings.REAL MONEY: You can pay real money to get pets, items, mounts and such. The prices on most of it are a little high. Like one type of fox is equal to about 7 bucks. It is no faster than in game starting mounts.CROWN CRATES: These are a load of BS. I opened 3 in a row after looking up odds on what could come out of them. Statistically I should have had a 60% chance of getting a mount but I got 3 copies of the same lipstick, though I was on a male character. I got some poison and then some chicken legs. No pets, weapons or anything from the higher end of what could be in the crates. Seems like the odds are over-inflated on their site to get you to buy more crates. A friend went through 10 crates and got one fox mount and a lizard. The rest was all trash items that have in-game equivalants.DLC: There is nothing to say about the DLC other than it unlocks what most MMO's use as a base game. Theives Guild and the like are just there for extra story and to make getting in-game currency easier. The prices on the DLC are pretty high as well, though they try to mask it by making you pay in CROWNS while in game.ESO PLUS: It is worth the 10 bucks a month if you only plan on playing for 3-4 months. After that, it would be just as cheap to actually buy the DLC packs and not worry about the extras you get with Plus.All in all, I give it a 6.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,306130,35388472,Posted: 1 October,all,็󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,"Personally I feel this game can be better I do enjoy it but they really could add more features in..1}physics. Come on with physics, ragdolls and ability to destroy objects or pick them up and throw will be great (like the  skyrim)2)The combat is really boring, skills are just 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 left click. and you can even cancel animation to chain more attacks. Also skills, not really much skills to choose from and every just follows a ""meta"" if you wanna strive in this game. Theres really not much freedom of choice. THEY DIDNT EVEN HAVE FIREBALL.3)As I am playing from asia its really laggy most of the time.. I hope they can find a solution to this4} blockage of some road and I cannot travel to some location just by walking and need to take boat or smthing.. (-.-)Overall its an ok game usually if you like sightseeing and exploration. would recomend playing with friends"
,Recommended,306130,27853400,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chrollo,"Played it a bit, it's ok I think"
,Recommended,306130,34431914,Posted: 23 August,all,Pharaoh,Many hours played on console and enjoyed it quite a bit. Bought it again on sale with money gained from the steam market... no regrets.
,Recommended,306130,32060060,Posted: 30 May,all,[Th1ef] Ronin,"Oh boy. 278+ hours into this game and I have still only recently left early game.I have spent countless hundreds of U.S. dollars into this game, and it is worth it. I had to buy every single DLC and try them out, and then I realized that DLC doesn't cross over to other megaservers. What did I do? I bought the gold edition. I bought every single thing on the ESO steam store page... some of them multiple times.The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of content ZoS drops on you is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, I just want more.Early Game:You start off in Coldharbour, Molag Bal's plane of Oblivion as a prisoner OR on the Firemoth Islands in Morrowind (Morrowind DLC owners). You meet the Prophet, Lyris Titanborn, and get a general idea of the Evil of Molag Bal. Now, you are dropped in an alliance starting zone and you quest your way to the top. You get through 3 entire regions, two of them small and one of them GIANT from level 1-15. Of course, there are many other quests and things and you only complete about 50% of the regions. The amount of content is amazing and the amount of work ZoS put in polishing the regions makes you immersed.End Game:There are many trials and dungeons that you can do in endgame, as well as PVP. The good thing is that there is no real endgame because regions are scaled to your level and no one has ever done EVERYTHING there is to do in ESO. However, ZoS still gives the players a steady stream of updates that will make you spend hours upon hours of time, doing whatever the ♥♥♥♥ it is that ZoS gives you. Wow.Devs and Updates:ZoS is a truly amazing studio. Their dev team listens to players, which is the reason they are loved so much. The devs brought the game from its previous state as a♥♥♥♥♥♥game to a glorious MMORPG set in the Elder Scrolls universe. Please support the devs and donate to them because they do such a good job on the game it is overwhelming.Polish:The game is polished AF. Even though there are some bugs, ZoS is constantly working to fix them. Sometimes polishing the game infuriates players because of changing mechanics. That I can relate to, but there is no need to get really angry about mechanics changing. Every single area of the game world feels polished, even though there are many rough edges that ZoS is trying to fix.Gameplay:The gameplay is good. There is no revolutionary combat system, just the standard combat you would expect from an MMO. The visuals and sound effects are buffed up for the combat though and you feel like you are really doing something and making an impact on the enemies. There is also some/a lot of skill involved, depending on what build you play as. Jumping, running, and exploring is a blast.Graphics:The graphics are great in this game and they run unexpectedly well. I am on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Macbook Pro and medium graphics are fine with some framerate problems. The visuals are pleasing to the eye and make exploring fun. I can stand and admire the beauty of the game for 2 hours running in circles. The graphics are sometimes bad if you have a bad internet/GPU. They look ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as hell if they aren't loaded, yet there is a certain beauty about it.Story and Quests:The quests and story are sometimes too long and extended and make me feel like I am just running errands, jumping, killing bosses, and just... questing. Sometimes ZoS does a bad job on the quests and make them feel ""grindy"" and repetitive. There are good quests though. There are some very interesting, even humorous quests. The fact that ZoS can implement humor in a game is awesome, since good humor is nonexistent in most MMOs.DLC:I loved the DLC and the zones that ZoS create. Orsinium was a really good DLC that made me question myself and my morals, and just an overall blast. Thieves' Guild was great, as I loved jumping around Abah's Landing doing parkour. Dark Brotherhood was also good, yet it was smaller. The devs seem to have looked at and checked every nook and cranny of the game, and I loved that. Morrowind was blast with a heavy emphasis on exploring, although I did not like the repetitiveness of the quests and sometimes the exploring was just too tiring.Design:10/10Bugs:So funny I don't want them removed from the gameVerdict:ESO has many rough edges, but the dev team listen to the playerbase and are doing the best they can to fix them. Overall, this is a great game with tons of polish and it is definitely something to spend your time on. There is a plethora of activities and quests and no one has ever done every single one of them.I give this game a 8.9/10 as a final verdict. This is the best MMO I have played in a while."
,Recommended,306130,35220662,Posted: 26 September,all,Xergxes7,"The MMO experience I was waiting for...Bethesda has taken the best elements from all the most popular MMO's and integrated them into the universe of The Elder Scrolls. Roam all your favourite parts of Tamriel from the series, join all your favourite societies and guilds, and make your mark in this Era as Molag Bal aims to take over the world.I have a champion 80 High Elf Mage part of the Dominion. My main archetype is a healer, I output up to 24k damage block for people around me and 5k per second healing.Pro's:- Easy to understand Interface- Voice acting on 90% of the NPC's- Full of Lore- RolePlay is present in the world from the Players- Seamless Realms (Minimal Load screens and travel time)- PvP is easy to get into and Not just part of the end game(Starts at Lvl10)- No Subscription- Crafting is as easy as it was in Skyrim- Trading & Market system is straight forward and easy to use- Good graphics engine- Lots of in game taunts- Use based experience system as found in Skyrim.Con's:- Micro-Transactions - (However it is Pay to GLOAT not Pay to WIN)- No warning of level 50 skill tree change unless other players provide insight or you read 100 guides.- Lots of Pricey DLC that limits your ability to play with friends if they dont have the same DLC- Limit of 5 spells per cast bar with only 2 cast bars accessible(1 per main weapon - Only 2 main weapons available) unless you activate a ""Destruction"" spell based ultimate that opens a 3rd cast bar(Spell must be active to equip spells into this slot)- End game quest progression becomes ambiguous(Have to research quest triggers from unrelated quests that need to be completed so you can finish your current quest - Does not naturally flow)"
,Recommended,306130,34608116,Posted: 30 August,all,❌George Reaper❌,best online RPG ever... cant w8 for more dlcs <3
,Recommended,306130,16905002,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Chriscali,Love the game its really good alot of fun . Only thing i say needs a little work is how long it takes to get into dungeons .
,Recommended,306130,18114234,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Redders,"Frickin amazing game! recommend for all mmo, elder scrolls, rpg type gamers"
,Recommended,306130,18118554,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,.Maike.,"Definitely a must for the elder scroll fans.Once you start playing, say goodbye to the reality."
76561198036515579,Recommended,306130,18168517,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Tailzor,"Elder Scrolls Online is a great MMO.  That's just what it is; an MMO centered around the Elder Scrolls universe.  If you're expecting something along the lines of a single player RPG with friends, you will be disappointed.  As a fan of MMO's and Elder Scrolls lore, I've really enjoyed this game so far."
,Recommended,306130,16212990,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,- Connor Gandy -,Wasnt sure on the game when i launched. I don't think anyone was really! But it has changed and with the subscription being dropped i would recomend the game!Don't be trick by people who've played it once and say its crap!
76561197965142123,Recommended,306130,16819853,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,*Dog,"If you like Elder Scrolls and MMO's, youd do well to check this game out. Those two factors benefit each other very well to make one fo the best MMO experiences I've had in a long time. No subscription also allows you to go around the world at your own pace to fully dive in and appreciate the amount of detail they have crammed into the zones.Surprisingly decent writing and dialogue, solid gameplay, and a good community have kept me playing when I thought I had wasted money on the purchase."
76561198062250090,Recommended,306130,16820042,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,godofwarhalo,"First of all, this is a GREAT game! Before the Tamriel Unlimited update, it was crap and over hyped. After the update, MAJOR flaws were fixed, including the subscrpition fee bieng taken away :), and now the game is very fun. There quests are intresting, the lore is awesome, and the world is huge!!! The graphics are good, not great but good (especially for an MMO). Sad to say, alot of my hours in the game are the long, tedious updates; but thats to be expected from most MMOs. I absolutely LOVE this game and recomend it to all Elder Scrolls, fans!"
,Recommended,306130,16850915,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Holtback,Game is awesome even better now it doesn't require a subscription!
,Recommended,306130,28815888,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TherapyON,"Really immersive game. Very well made, appealing lore and little bits that add to the immersion and the quality of the game. After a couple of hours you don't even notice that it has actually been a couple of days now. Very fun, very well done, polished and with a friendly community."
,Recommended,306130,35255369,Posted: 27 September,all,| Air Trek |,You either like it or you don't. Lots of good items to help progression cost actual money or weeks/months of grinding. It's also a game where you need teamwork quite a bit of the time. Also a large variety of Guilds and personalities among the players.
,Recommended,306130,20810792,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,🐺Horazzmus🐺,"The Best Open World MMORPG game you will ever find!You can buy weapons,armor,pets,horses, you can even be a werewolf or a vampire!!!Lots of quests, lands, creatures,.. You can choose what you want to be, you can be either good or evil, you can help or destroy others, you can give or steal things. This is really the best game I ever played, It has everything you wish for! It has a few ""mistakes"" which I hope will be repaired in the future. I hope they also add Guild Houses and Player Housing and also some sort of ""npc friends"" which would follow you around and help you with your battle. I really recommend it to anyone that loves MMOs and RPGs."
,Recommended,306130,35441643,Posted: 3 October,all,DOGEDOGEDOGEDOGE | csgoatse.com,I am now an expert in troubleshooting problems thanks to this games' update launcher
76561198072846532,Recommended,306130,34885606,Posted: 11 September,all,[DRNKN] Mikoto,"One of the best MMO's on the market right now. Loads, of loads of content for PVE and PVP."
76561198155210566,Recommended,306130,34881299,Posted: 11 September,all,andrewbooker,As a newcomer to online gaming I found this fairly easy to pick up. Its the terminology gamers use im struggling with.
76561198207124004,Recommended,306130,27931568,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DeDedDude,A Good Old Elder Scrolls But Online :D
,Recommended,306130,24422144,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,game-bell™,"THIS IS THE BEST MMORPG.i think.well i live in SEA.for me this game got some plus and minus likeMINUS:- first time download was so freakin long, i spent around 4 days to download this game, SEA connection sucks- after u download the game, u need to....................................................download the update, spent another day- after u download the update, u need to...................................................sign up at ESO sites- after u sign up, u need to.........................................................................register the game at ESO sitesi mean WHY YOU NO EXPLAIN THIS STEP AT FIRST INSTALLATION, for me not a prob, for others this will be a big deal- server only EU and NA, ping at both around 300 pub area, 250 around dungeon, currently playing at NA, not really affecting gameplay, but pretty annoying to see someone suddenly appear and dissapear beside you in a fightthats my only problem with this game, AND NOW FOR THE PLUS:PLUS+ no more subs fee, there is ESO plus subs for extra access but i play without it and i still have fun without it, its not pay to win+ MMOFPARPG: why?because its elder scrolls! u can go first or 3rd person here and it works. how many mmorpg can do that really+ its like all elder scrolls games in one platform, u can roam them all, for now there is limitation but later they will make it full blown open world+ PUB Dungeon system: there is no such thing as camper farmer like other mmos, u camp? beware passerby that will stole that xp for ya with just one hit also there are group dungeon if u want party and dont want to be disturb+ quest focus mmorpg, most mmos use fetching quest like no tommorow and its boring, in ESO questline variety have interesting interaction that u can do together with passerby or ur party member altogether that feels like elder scrolls game, not mmos generally. also doing quests give better gold and xp than grinding monster on ur own. of course there are some boring quest like missing husband and suchi guess thats it??my conclusion this game is a simpled down WoW and an elder scrolls game thats more complicated.maybe"
,Recommended,306130,24460562,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Enthusiastic Ambition,"Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood game .The particular alliance war for me is really good ,which is so big and have many people ,when the two or three alliances of people encounters at any places that wiil be a fire war .And a good deal interesting  segments for example fishing/manufacture/dungeon.In fact its a good game and i like it ~So I give a big hit to recommend ."
76561198171413962,Recommended,306130,24479295,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Anoobis99,This  would be a good game if my access code worked when i try to log into the game and someone has useful ifo that would actually help!
,Recommended,306130,24502932,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,spongario,i think molag bal stole my soul in real life cause i feel dead inside10/10
,Recommended,306130,24504437,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mutated Izzy,">Buys ESO:TU>Has lots of fun>Enough fun to buy a DLC or two>Drops a 40 bomb to buy Orsinium and Imperial City>""Today: Pre-order ESO:TU Gold Edition that includes all DLC for 59.99."">I dead.Verdict: Still fun af tho. 10/10 Would give recommendation with flying colors."
,Recommended,306130,24526424,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Ecchi boy,10/10 would download again
,Recommended,306130,24858688,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,UnshapenConch51,"When playing Skyrim on the Xbox and on PC i always thought it could do better by being made an MMO. This game made my dreams come true. It is an amazoing game, that is so fast allowing you to see the whole continent. It isn't as detailed as Skyrim, with the textures being less defined and there being a few bugs. But the game is amazing and all the more fun to play with the others. The story is good and picking your different species has impact so it feels meaningful to be a part of a certain race and faction and makes you very patriotic towards them."
,Recommended,306130,24905702,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,The Skeleton Man,"I've always wanted to get into an MMO and this is the first one I've ever felt really involved in.  It feels just like an Elder Scrolls game.  If you like Skyrim, you'll probably like this game."
76561198030175877,Recommended,306130,24927467,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,The Omnipotent One,"nearly one hundred hours in and im only level 28... on my first character! If you want value and droves of elder scrolls with friends, this is the game for you! I held off buying it for a long time but I finally bit the bullet and no im hooked :D"
76561198122746478,Recommended,306130,24933229,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,kparadise323,"I have loved the Elder Scrolls games for over a decade now and Elder Scrolls Online is no different.  I am constantly blown away by the richness and detail that gives life to Tamriel.  For those that are looking for a multiplayer version of Skyrim, you may be disappointed.  The world is not as interactive and the skill trees are massively different.  Crafting is more difficult and highly dependent on character level.  As with the progression of the Elder Scrolls games over the years, Bethesda has changed many of these components to suit the MMORPG format of the game.  That being said, ALL of these are still available, and that says something.  Its true, to get the most out of this game you willl have to sit through hours of patches and downloads as well as shelling out money for the optional DLC but I have no regrets about any of it.  This is THE MMORPG for fans of the Elder Scrolls games and a landmark for Bethesda.  Simply put, I love this game.  See you in Tamriel!"
,Recommended,306130,25277922,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,♥Cammy♥,"Good game honestly, I only really would like an auto login button or something that would remember your credentials for this so you can just get in faster"
,Recommended,306130,25309748,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,hommie126,"Having played most Elder Scrolls games and newish to the MMO scene this game demands time to get anywhere, although i have seen guides that tell you exactly what to do to level up extremely fast. I on the other hand went solo on everything and it has taken me a long time to go up in ranks. I wanted a game that did just that, endless hours of play time and great universe to play around in. Not regretting this purchase at all, so If you are on the edge wether to buy it or not i say yes go for it you will not regret it. Good luck and see you out there!"
76561198042550947,Recommended,306130,25521123,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Adam™,"Dope game, just gotta learn a bit before you play. Once you know what you're doing, you will be hooked."
76561198148491695,Recommended,306130,25510286,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Chicken Invader,"This is Not Skyrim, this is Tamriel...and Coldharbour."
,Recommended,306130,24478192,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Bryanonymous,"If you've played the single player Elder Scrolls, you will get the same feel but with many more random quests unrelated to the main story. This game is good for people who love to obsess over building their individual characters in a fantasy realm of magic and adventure. The combat requires very little accuracy or reaction, and is more played like a game or cards where the strongest will dominate. I would recommend this game for a specific type of role player who likes to customize a fictional hero in the Elder Scrolls universe. The graphics are pretty nice, however the aliasing option sucks, and there is some memory leaking in high traffic areas. Also, controller support is limited to XBox controllers only, so you'll need a third party emulator to use anything else. For all its flaws, I find myself glued to this game for the character progression and trading guilds, where you can become very wealthy if you join the right ones and sell your loot in their trade kiosks. Overall, this game is a fine transition from single player to multiplayer, and I hope it continues to have an active community for a long time."
76561198143066721,Recommended,306130,24500783,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mister_i,It's not great but it's not bad 7/10
76561197985688832,Recommended,306130,25126871,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,FattyBoomBaddy,"I am greatly enjoying this game with the new Tamriel Unlimited content. I beta tested the game on one of the open weekends a long while back and didn't truly enjoy the game as much as I would have liked to pay 14.99 a month. Now with the Free to play and Pay to open content concept I can enjoy the game at my own pace. When I reach those areas that would require me to purchase the new content I probably will. All from the comfort of my living room couch! The Gamepad function is AMAZEBALLS! Controls are just like Skyrim's overall, slight difference here and there to compensate for being an MMO.Now if your expecting to sit down and make a jack of all trade character like you can in other Elder Scroll titles, prepare to be slightly disappointed. There is a light at the end of the tunnel though.Instead of Jacks of all Trades you get to pick a Primary Focus, ""Class"", So wizard, healer, tank, and assassin. With those base classes your pretty much free to do whatever you want. Sword swinging, Lighting blasting, demon summoning warlock? Go for it! Want to through in a slice of heavy armor and thievery? DOOEEETT!! Want to go hunting Deer and Bears with a bow too? OK! You want to be a blacksmith, clothier, woodworker, enchanting, alchimist as well? Sweet lol.I do believe this game does require a pretty beefy computer to play. Im running an old Intel q6600 with 4gb of ram and a GTX660 video card and I need to turn things down a bit. Very CPU intensive but worth it, the game is for lack of a better word, BEAUTIFUL! I will soon be upgrading to make sure I can play this and most of my other games at much better settings. Once you turn this games graphics down, especially subsampling, the quality really goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥and everything looks all fuzzy wuzzy.The last part I like a lot, is if your interested in some additional perks and all the DLC content then you can just subscribe to the game and wabam. They award you with 1500 Crown points to spend in the store on mounts, pets and crafting styles. You also get a 10% bonus to XP and gold. I may even subscribe for a month or two just to receive the perks and the points lol."
76561198165603303,Recommended,306130,24507273,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,jinlinh,"This is a pretty fun game, that is if you have hi-speed internet to play it. I got a slow connection (DSL) and this game doesn't play very well with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet I have :D so get it if you have a decent internet connection maybe 10 mps speed."
76561198126850160,Recommended,306130,24781367,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,sleepy-shaman,"Highly RecommendedIf you are hesitant about ESO, If you are a fan of MMO's I would highly recommend giving it a chance. There are so many options within the game that there is bound to be something for you. I will attempt a short pros/cons to possibly help your decision.Pros-Huge amount of quest content with real voice actors-Possible to play your way: can play any race, any class the way that suits you and it will not be wrong. There is no ""right"" way to play your class-eso plus is not required to enjoy the game at all- if you do love the game then while not neccesary the DLC is highly enjoyable and does have alot to add- group play is not required but can add alot to the game as well as making lvling quicker-endgame does not become boring. There is so much more than main story- fun pvp system if thats your thing- Add ons are easy to obtain and let you really make a HUB that you like- crafting system is interesting and not overly ""grindy""Cons- grouping and chat can be difficult to get into, esp with base game settings, but can be overcome easily enough with add ons- quest tracking in base game isnt quite the best, but again add ons can easily solve this- no auction house....can be pro or a con, there are trade guilds that you can join which are perfectly viable, but some would prefer the former, but that is a matter of opinion, you will have to decide for yourself. To me the guild based trading is fine.- need adventures pack in order to play any race any faction, this can be frustating if you friends are on a different faction than yourself, so plan accordinglySo overall I think the pros far outweigh the cons. None of the cons are enough to lower my opinion of the game, and most all cons are easily overcome with the use of add ons.Just a few last heads up before you decide- eso is lore heavy, but it is still not skyrim, but whats the point of a new game exactly like one that already exist?- eso plus is not required at all, but can add alot to the game especially after you get a good feel for it overall-not designed to just plow through and powerlevel, the game story and other quest lines are highly interesting should play through at least once in my opinion. (there are ways to lvl fairly quickly, but can take away from overall content) to each is on"
,Recommended,306130,25317072,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,TailGundham,"I actually like the game, I'll however mention a few things out of the bat. Don't download the game trough steam as you may waste time download time (as the size of the game is quite large aswell). The launcher can be bugged and not update the game if obtained trough steam. According to a comment It was fixed but I'd still play it safe and download it manually.Other than I say this is a pretty solid MMORPG if I've ever played one. Graphics are decent. Grind can be fun with friends and it's not too boring solo. I've haven't seen much pay2win elements. While I'll say the story (or lore if you may call it) isn't all that good, I don't think it is horrible as many may have a problem. Maybe I've haven't given enough care on the story to be displeased.I recommend it."
,Recommended,306130,24473048,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Kohgan,I love this
,Recommended,306130,24897945,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,I Don't Always Herp,"Combat is solid, voice acting solid, lore and world solid, overall a title able to call itself an Elder Scrolls without weakening the franchise.I was extremely reluctant to get into this, but once I took the plunge during the recent sale I wish I'd had started playing earlier. The world isn't static for your character, a major complaint I've always had about the genre. If your character clears a town, they clear the town. Baddies don't show back up once you've triggered a ""you've saved us!"" game condition. Neat. I've been really enjoying it, and the community so far in my Covenant is helpful, if a little quiet at times. Joining up to 5 (FIVE!) Guilds helps that."
,Recommended,306130,24921809,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,FlyingPancakes8,Its sexy
,Recommended,306130,24947345,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,CornyWarfare,"If you're expecting to buy this game and play it like any other Bethesda RPG, don't. If you're expecting to buy a pretty decent MMO based in Tamriel, then you've found a great game.I don't have a whole lot of experience with MMOs. The most ""traditional"" MMO I've ever played is runescape and, well, this is a lot different. So I might not be the best source when it comes to deciding whether or not this is worth playing in that regard specifically. However, I will say that I have enjoyed playing this game a lot. The PvE content in this game, between the solo campaign, and the various group dungeons, will keep you busy for hundreads, if not thousands of hours, easily. All the while progressing your character by unlocking new skills, training your crafting skills, finding cool and rare loot, and grinding out drop tables and exp farms.I recommend this game if you're in the market for a game with lots of progression and the ability to sink boatloads of time into, while enjoying the Elder Scrolls background."
,Recommended,306130,24469981,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Noah,I hate MMOs. Currently at 129 hours and counting. That's my review.
76561198152141123,Recommended,306130,24479905,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Seductive Murmer,If you get this game (on sale) you will have to ragrats namsayin? They fixed everything wrong at launch. Its a bit overwhelming compared to traditional MMOs but you learn quickly :)
76561198046459934,Recommended,306130,25022026,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,LEO,"Almost 1000 hours and still playing: Great game, quite enjoyable, and easy to play.You have several interesting DLC but are not needed, at least not during the earliest stage of the game. Later on you can try them.- PROS:- To be honest it is a great game, with lovely music and graphics up to 70 FPS- Really enjoy playing until lvl 160 which is the maximum yours objects can get, after that it is not that great but still OK.- It is great that you can grab almost everything, and all the books have some story to tell (if you have time to read them)- CONS:-PVP in general is an slow system, mounting in the hourse and going to the battle getting kill and spam in a place far away and jump again to the hourse it is not very nice. The access to campain is tricky and hard to found the right time and people to join you. Imperial City DLC is better and add more things to do, but I coudn't get the trick of that.-Instances are great ... If you can get a party, normally (most likely always) the dungeon finder system doesn't work and you end up on populated town asking on the global chat for people to join you. Sometimes you can find someone but not always, meanwhile you stay in the city.- You can't change between servers: EU/US. Ones you create your character, it will remain on that server, that is a serious limitation.- No flying mounts, with such a big map flying mount could be cool===Conclusion:Yes, I do recomend this game, I have enjoyed playing a lot so I cannot say something else, but it has few things that could be better."
,Recommended,306130,25088261,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Tom,Good.
,Recommended,306130,24462209,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Sirius_Black_1996,"As a person who has never played an MMO before, the learning curve was steep.  I quit after a week or two because I wasn't familiar with the game style.  But once I picked it up again and learned how these games work, it was a lot of fun! I mostly enjoy working with other people and interacting with a team.  I play as a healer, which is so much more satisfying than being a fighter, imo.  I lovecrafting, I love helping people, I love exploring.  I wish more of the world was open for exploration. Maybe eventually it will be!"
,Recommended,306130,24476908,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Ben.,"Elder Scrolls Online is a great game, although you need some friends to play with to make it really fun. I would recommend this game to everyone that enjoy Skyrim"
76561198190578963,Recommended,306130,24494445,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,CreepyHermit,"This game is FANTASTIC, for about a year now i have been looking on and off for an MMORPG to play, but nothing i found was really clicking or had flaws that just were too much for me to be willing to commit 100's of hours too. I also hated the SUB based system. Im so glad i found this game its soooo good and i have enen gotten to end game PVE and PVP. I huge plus is that the community are really nice and helpful so its easy for new players to get up and running."
,Recommended,306130,24512898,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Shadno,This game is fun to play with friends also this is my first Elder scrolls game so you should check it out
,Recommended,306130,24916302,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,AverageJoe,Love it
76561198169982646,Recommended,306130,27796623,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ChrisM,To be honest this game is pretty good. Don't expect it to be like Skyrim or any other game. It's just an MMORPG in the Elder Scrolls Universe.
76561198109827724,Recommended,306130,27802392,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SantaLikesMilf,"At launch, the game was quite unplayable because it was full of bugs, beta was even worse. Now it's flawless, have encountered only a few bugs. Very enjoyable game for Elder Scrolls fan."
76561198262767067,Recommended,306130,28009658,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JoeySav,"Eso is one of the most immersive MMO'S on the market currently every quest is voice acted and theres TONS to do . They have addressed many of the issues that plauged it on launch it feels more like an MMO now and not a single player game. The pvp is great for the most part a little unbalanced sometimes if you dont play in the no cp battles but still tons of fun nonetheless.One of my favorite parts about eso though honestly is i play Sorcerer and its not easy to do high dps like in say wow as long as you have gear you wreck♥♥♥♥♥♥ on here you either learn how to play your class properly or suck big time.My one big complaint though and this is minor in my opinion is the way the cash is handled more recently they changed to an RNG lootbox system to get the coolest mounts in the game now and its kind of annoying, but to be fair alot of people cried about having a sub fee i bet if it stayed sub fee wed be able to earn most if not all of them from playing, but besides that honestly great MMO i play wow a ton still to this day and i think this givs it a run for its money in quality and in quantity. So if you haven't checked it out before i highly reccomend it theres tons of hours of fun to be had either solo or grouping. And if you have checked it out befroe and didnt like it maybe like a year or more ago, id say re-download it and give it another shot you might be surprised to see how much its changed, i think the game doesnt get the credit it deserves for the things its fixed and how good it truly is."
,Recommended,306130,31304185,Posted: 22 April,all,jackel1313,"I love this game, I've always been such a huge fan of the Elder Scrolls and to finally be able to play this game is awesome."
76561198097794857,Recommended,306130,20027104,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FoxHound00,"Asked chat how to get gold in game. Was sent 20,000 randomly.Community/10. Will ask again."
76561197965251780,Recommended,306130,24110847,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Silvia Athena,"i Love this game, i did buy it when it was 19.99 and im glad i did, i have played other mmorpgs recent one was swtor and this game excedes everything about it, its fun, graphiccs are nice on ultra settings and the customization of your character, only thing i dislike is that there arnt alot of options in the character creation but besides that everything else is great, i would recommend this to anyone and as for the download if you have a good fast internet it shouldnt take longer than 2-5 hrs depending on the speed, took me 2 hrs to download the installation and it didnt take long at all to patch so if you are willing to be patient and wait for it to finish, but ill be playing this alot more than any other game, also if you like skyrim then this is not the game for you, this game plays nothing like skyrim so if thats what you are looking forward then look else, besides that the game is fun."
,Recommended,306130,24293166,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Zeeland,"Keeping it short, This isn't and doesn't play like Skyrim or any other TES game, Nor does it really feel like an MMO.It's more like a weird hybrid of a single player MMO, where you group up to kill bosses or do dungeons etc.A bit buggy here and there but I can't complain as I got this game on sale when it first came out.I would recommend waiting for the gold edition if you're thinking about getting it soon!"
,Recommended,306130,20797856,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,ＤＪ 👻 ʷʰᵉᵉ,"I really wanted to like this game. I really did. But...I was expecting Skyrim: Online. If you've come here looking for this experience, you're in the wrong realm. Don't get me wrong, I do enjoy playing this game. The thing is, it's not what I expected. I'm not really a big MMORPG fan, and I really should've taken that into consideration before purchasing this game.The fact of the matter is that this is NOT Skyrim:Online. ESO is a completely different experience from it's predecessor. It's not as personable (meaning that, I don't care about my character as much), the story line isn't as rich, the character customization is limited, and the skill leveling system does't seem as unique.Don't get me wrong, the game is a whole lot of fun. It just wasn't what I was looking for. When I hear ""The Elder Scrolls"", I expect a game that is going to suck me into an alternate personality in a foreign world full of hardships where I will become the hero. ESO just isn't that. You're kind of a regular Joe.I'm not really sure what to rate this because it's so far out of my element...I would still totally recommend the game if you're a fan of the Elder Scrolls and MMORPGs. Just don't come here looking for an online version of Skyrim because you'll be disappointed.7/10. Was expecting something different."
76561198043358644,Recommended,306130,20266358,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Riickroll,"A great game! Only took 9 months post-release for Zenimax to figure it out! Now that this game is subscription-free it makes sense! You can pace yourself through the story and enjoy it. No rush- no wasted ""sub time"". An MMO designed to let you take your time and savor it. If you have kids I highly reccommend this game. You can play little pices at a time and not feel like you are wasting money. Very well-executed by Bethesda- really hits the mark accross the board."
76561198037747248,Recommended,306130,24209144,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Villz,"Challenging game, very good 10/10"
76561198031332528,Recommended,306130,19931362,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[TFN] K. Kaizer,"Oh wow its really 2:30am? Where did the time go?I am a medium armor wearing, spell slinging, bow wielding, jerk. I LOVE THIS GAME!Hardest thing in this game is choosing a play style and sticking to it to level it up...so much to do, and expereince.I like it cause you can be a mage in heavy armor swinging around a Greatsword if you want."
76561197978349557,Recommended,306130,26074786,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,MattDrummy,"Made a character named Lord Drumpf who immedaitely stole from everyone, killed the poor, looked like an apricot, and got into millions of gold in debt through bounties.10/10"
,Recommended,306130,26825850,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,joescore,"the whole continent of quests and adventures (now without console commands and save-load exploits)despite a bad start, the game is very good today"
,Recommended,306130,25576203,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Borb,"This game was met with terrible reviews on launch, and for decent reasons. However, the game has changed and has improved. I have had tons of fun playing this solo or with a party."
,Recommended,306130,32504985,Posted: 17 June,all,Shmalimoo,"A mixed review: To be able to play you need to install 73GB then when you go to play it asks you too install 87GB more. However this handicaps you. I have 194GB on my computer, 136GB of free space. When I first install the game I am left with 62GB of space left, meaning that the game is taking up so much space before I even go to play, that I can't completely install it to play and the only way I can download the second installation, is to uninstall the first. I have played the game previously and wanted to revisit it. The game is handicapping you from playing the game. This is poor game making. If you can play it be my guest and if your stuck like me, I'm sorry but they won't care enough to do anything about it. Not like they can do anything anyways."
76561198038449187,Recommended,306130,31422804,Posted: 28 April,all,Sillinix,the best thing for me is that i can play it with controller
,Recommended,306130,31567323,Posted: 5 May,all,BoloneySupreme,"I have always been a fan of the Elder Scrolls from the first time I played arena. On my little clunky 386 with EGA video card. (Never did finish that game may go back to it.)I came over from Age of Conan unchained. It is funny I heard the same complaints on AOC as I do now with ESO. What it all comes down to is what are you looking for in a game?I have played ESO since Beta, since then this game has come a long way with some great changes and some not so great.If you are looking for an adventure with great storyline's, or maybe you would like to create a mage that wears heavy armor and carries a sword and shield and a two-handed mace you can there is no limit to how your character can be made. There are no limitations to how you choose to play your character.Tameral is a huge place lots of areas to explore and with now being one Tameral you are not limited to questing in your own faction. You can be part of the Daggerfall Covenant one of the best factions by the way and decide to go quest in the Ebonheart pact questline. You can now team up with anyone from any faction to quest with and it does not matter what level he or she are. PVP, however, you will still need to play with your own faction.With such stunning scenery, I find myself laid up on the shore of a river fishing away.For me it is all about the Story and questing, Role-playing with then NPC or with others players. I am currently leveling a crazy, happy, fun loving wood elf who find herself in a little trouble from time to time. Being a new member of the thieves’ guild, she has her run-ins with the law.ESO has one of the friendliest communities out there. The chat is not full of gold selling spamming or arguing with other players.If you are a solo player like myself or you play with a group there, is enough content to keep you entertained for hours on end. I have played a few hours since this game has come out and I added it to my steam account.If I had, any complaint it would be that is there is no way to sell your items unless you are a member of a trading guild and nowadays you have to sell so much per week to stay in the guild or you have to sell your Items in chat. Coming from age of Conan where you could sell your items from your bank storage. I did find this a little disheartening.The PVP can get a little crazy and you will always hear complaints about zerkers when they are not zerking themselves. I enjoy it being a solo player it just makes it that much more of a challenge running the quests in Cyrodiil or the Imperial City.I ran into about 30 Aldmeri Dominion the other day while I was trying to navigate the sewer system of the Imperial City, I was dead before I could click my mouse twice.If you are ever in Tameral look me up Arrilliuss Valerius or Tia Windcaller (@omgScotte)IX LEGION - LION SHIELDS"
76561198121690688,Recommended,306130,20200793,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Legend_Of_Kittens,I spent an hour in real time running to the Imperial city only to find out I need to buy the DLC to enter.......
,Recommended,306130,32422443,Posted: 14 June,all,- StarVip -,nice game
76561198094861704,Recommended,306130,28343602,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Berret,"So let's deal with the Elephant in the room first; the lore.  To be blunt those who argue that ESO's Lore is bad know nothing of the lore.  TES itself plays big on the ""Unreliable Narrator"" trope.With each new TES installment Bethesda butchers and does massive retcons of the lore, ESO is the only game where they keep things consistent with each update.You know the Island of Solstheim? Didn't exist until the Bloodmoon Expansion for Morrowind. The Dragon Fires? Never once mentioned until Oblivion. Dragon Cults? Didn't exist until Skyrim.That and the Lore is amazing, we finally see things from the day to day life perspective on the folks living in Tamriel and experience their actual culture instead of everything being Imperialized  like in Skyrim.Now for the actual gameplay;I will admit, ESO started off in a bad way, but that was when it was released, now we are several massive updates in, as well as having a almost free form housing update coming soon! They improved a lot, just like in the main games you can easily ignore the main quest and go do what you want to do, with One Tamriel now you're not restricted by level or faction.I haven't touched the main TES games in a while; ESO's story and characters beat the main series by a long shot. I actually found myself caring for these characters, I want to know what happens and when presented with a choice most of the time I have to sit down and think! Most choices in game are grey in morality, which I love.My only real complain is not enough weapon types or classes. The more options the better and I did hear that they datamined the Warden class from the new PTR. But I would love to see weapon types like Spears, Throwing Weapons, Unarmed.I give this game a firm 8/10, it might raise in the future depending on how the housing system goes."
,Recommended,306130,19776021,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,💎IMpRoVe💎,Elder Scrolls is Life No Elder Scrolls No Life!!!
,Recommended,306130,27269765,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Silent Owl,10 ваншотящих манасорков до Морровинда из 10
,Recommended,306130,19995638,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Elmo,Good game but you need irl friends or it gets boring quick
76561198175085101,Recommended,306130,29589131,Posted: 30 January,all,GΞRALT™,"Welcome to Elder Scrolls Online ...one of the most amazing games played by me all the time . Warning !!!This game is not SKYRIM 2 .Beautiful graphics and content ,very nice DLC'S and a lot of nice gaming experience.Bethesda & Zenimax 10/10 ."
,Recommended,306130,26752839,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,BARK BARK BARK BARK,"The people saying that this game isn't like a real Elder Scrolls game obviously haven't been playing the same TES series I have. This game is so convincing that I reflexively hit F5 all the time to quicksave. Easily the best MMO I have ever played, and it stands on its own as an entry in the TES saga, worth playing just for the sake of seeing all the amazing locations never before put to 3D in a game."
76561198038036918,Recommended,306130,28866801,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Heartless Nightsky,"One Word  "" Awesome"
,Recommended,306130,23901282,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Fearlessjet,"If ""No subscription required"" is in the description, it's a good game."
,Recommended,306130,23931486,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mishkaiel,"I've played this game far longer than the 31 hours that steam says I've played it, probably close to over 700 hours. I would have to say that this game is absolutely epic.Pros:1. The story is amazing2. The world is absolutely beautiful.3. Customization available to each player: You can play any race as any class and use basically any skills (other than the class skills which are specific to the class you choose) and be successful.4. The armor is dyeable, and so will costumes be in the upcoming ""Shadows of the Hist"" patch for those who are subscribed.5. Upcoming ""One Tamriel"" patch allows universal travel of the world upon creating a new character.6. Crafting bags! Unlimited storage for materials used to craft armors, weapons, poisons, potions, and runes!7. Other players: think of playing Skyrim, Oblivion, Morrowind with your friends. And thousands upon thousands of other random people. Sure Lydia was an ok companion in Skyrim, but you just can't beat running a dungeon with your real life buddies.Cons:1. I would have to say that for me personally, lag is the biggest issue. PVP is epic, but impossible to participate in as the game freezes and crashes if anymore than three or four enemy players attack me. Also, in the dungeons and arenas, where there are massive numbers of mobs, is the problem of lag.2. Unsubscribed players, prepare to pay lotsa money for extra content. All DLC must be bought with crowns purchased from ZOS; however, subscribers have free access to all DLC, plus 10% more xp, gold earned, and the all powerful CRAFTING BAG.3. Bugs. The Elder Scrolls Series is infamous for its bugs, and Elder Scrolls Online is no exception. With each new patch, some are fixed, and some are added. Bugs include uncompletable quests, unkillable bosses in dungeons, and crashes to desktop.Overall, this game is very addictive, challenging, and fun! ZOS keeps adding epic content and they promise more to come! I highly recommend this game to any fan of the Elder Scrolls Series, as well as any MMO players out there who want to try out a new game.Cheers and YOLO \o/"
,Recommended,306130,28844084,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,#AntiSquad,Overall a great game except the servers and severe lag spikes. Not a huge fan of having to 'wait my turn' to be able to log on.
,Recommended,306130,26651855,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Racer,"The Elder Scrolls Online has only become better and better as time passed. It used to be okayish, receiving super mediocre reviews. Now, after tons of big improvements, it's a game that lives up to the Elder Scrolls series and a great MMO as well. You can buy the game and DLC and never use the monthly subscribtion or you subscribe to gain insane value (get back subscribtion cost in crowns every month + DLC access and other little goodies that improve the quality of life for a bit)It's okay at the base price but a steal if you get it at 50% or more off.It's not a complete and total revolution of gaming but so isn't Skyrim. Don't go in with your nostalgia goggles on, just expect a good game and you'll definitely get it."
76561198136027835,Not Recommended,306130,31227629,Posted: 18 April,all,Rubz,Might have a lot of playability for casuals and min-maxers however the endgame is limiting.
,Recommended,306130,29930002,Posted: 14 February,all,[N.O.R] Scarlett,Once u start u cant stop
76561198348094356,Recommended,306130,31721231,Posted: 13 May,all,LtDaddy,This game is fun to play. just dont come into the game thinking it will be like skyrim ir wont
,Recommended,306130,26714020,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,CMDR Kodiack,"When the game first came out years back I was able to get into a Beta test of it and while it was cool to be able to play in the Elder Scrolls Universe with other players then game had some real bad issues with it, so I opted out to not get it when it was release. When they went to a ""Free to Play"" setup much like Guild Wars had, I recived another free weekend pass to come try it out again. I have to say I was clearly impressed with how much better the game ran and how they balanced everything. So that Black Friday sale on Steam I picked it up with the Imperial package and I've been enjoying it.I've played quite a few MMO's over the years and by far this one is the best one that I've played. If you like to be online and play with freinds to chat but run mission on your own then you have the ablity to do so or even group with your freinds no matter the faction now. Something that I think no other MMO is give you without having to pay for the option."
,Recommended,306130,28330419,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,zeho,"A Top Grade MMORPG.  Playable on a Solo, Group, Guild and Alliance scale.Enjoyable and engaging combat, crafting and questing.Several types of Dungeons including Global and Instanced.Fully Voiced NPCs, Excellent Graphics, Animation, Sounds and Music.Interesting and worthwhile Main, Side and Mini Quests.  Solid Scripting.Several Playable Races, and base Classes with true ES unlimited skill/build development.Customisable and Craftable Gear, Alchemy, Enchanting, Provisioning (cooking) Etc.An Outlaw & Justice system for in-depth Theif & Assassin playstyle. (Stealing, Fencing, Laundering, Justice & Justice Evaision)PvP is optional, well executed, accsessable and rewarding.Global Dueling system and dedicated PvP zones in addition to Alliance scale PvP.ESO can be played pure PvP if you desire.  Open World, Open Playstyle.The classic ES Guilds; Mages, Fighters, Theives & more!Player Guilds, Guild Banking & Trading Store.Able to bid for and hire static in-world NPC Merchant Traders.Many Travel options including Way Shrines, Mounts, & Teleportation.Player Housing & Guild Halls coming in Feb 2017. (free expansion)An active game community, friendly and helpful.  Non-Toxic. (EU Megaserver)Issues? ; No real issues encounterd.  Solid Build. (2.6.x)* Slight lag in heavy population zones. (cities at peak times) = 100 ping.* Loading screens on Fast Travel... but loading times on sever are good.There are also many free ""Add On"" packages that enhance the client.Minimap, Crafting & Trading aids and UI enhancements Etc.Is it like Skyrim?, Is it Skyrim Online?, Is it true ES? = It's an EXCELLENT Elder Scrolls MMORPG.DLC & Optional Paid Content Available.  Reasonable Prices, Sales and Promotions too."
,Recommended,306130,28265311,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Cire Nesnomis,"1,500+ HOURS I've played this game and it continues to evolving - Good & Bad.IGNORE reviews from those who haven’t REALLY played this game.  Want to skip to TL;DR, go to the end...GOOD NEWS:#1 - Value.  You easily get your money's worth. It takes 100-150 hours to work thru the main story line plus your 1st Faction.  On the flip side if you dislike Lore and want to PvP. You can grind your way to the upper levels in 40-50 hours by watching YouTube videos.#2 - PvE.  As a previous Elder Scrolls gamer, I love PvE and Solo campaigns. When ESO first launched, I felt it struggled in this area EXCEPT for the main story line and the 3 Faction stories.  If you love Role Playing, Lore, or reading Quest back stories, count on another 300 hours of enjoyment as you to work your way through the main game.#3 - DLC.  Orsinium is large. I pushed hard to finish the Orc story line and get the 1st and ""easiest"" Achievement and it took me 30+ hours.  The Dark Brotherhood quest is fun, its ""Blade of Woe"" adds a new element with various Kill Cams and help the game feel more like a traditional Elder Scrolls game.#4 - Subscription. You do not need to buy a subscription to enjoy this game. But the plentiful Crowns, extra XP, all the DLC, and maybe most importantly the Bag of Infinite Holding for crafting goodies hooked me into paying for a subscription.#5 - Holiday Events. These are FREE to all.  Witches Festival, New Life Festival, etc., are a blast and nearly every player in the game participates as the giveaways and rewards are significant.BAD NEWS:#1 - PvP.  The game is split into PvE areas and PvP.  The PvP area while large, with its own story line, is nowhere near the size or scope of the main PvE story.#2 - Lag.  In the PvP area, when hundreds of players are on the screen at the same time, players often complain of lag.  This is something Zenimax says they are working on but it is an ongoing issue.#3 - Inventory.  Crafting is a fun and an extremely useful part of ESO, but inventory is a problem as you amass lots of ingredients and mats. You can continue to buy more inventory but it gets expensive with in-game gold or with real $.  The ESO subscription resolves this issue but without it you may will find yourself needing Alt's as mules or spending $ on inventory.#4 - Sales & Auction House.  There is no Auction House.  Players join guilds and each guild bids on Traders which are open to the public throughout Tamriel.  You can join up to 5 guilds (which players create) and you have 30 slots in each one, in which to sell items to raise money.  If your Guild loses their weekly bid for a Trader your items may not sell.#5 - Grouping - ESO has a grouping tool to help players find others who can help them fight in Delves (dungeons), Trials or as needed.  The Grouping tool has gotten better but often if you want to play as a DPS (vs Tank or Healer) you spend a lot of time waiting.TL;DR --->BOTTOM LINE:I have found ESO to be a great game.  Plus, the ESO community friendly and very helpful to newbies. If you are looking for a game you can play for a long time whether it be Role Playing, Sole Questing, Toppling a Castle ""zerg-style"" with hundreds of players, or peacefully Fishing alone in the wilderness - this game might be for you."
,Recommended,306130,21285008,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,dudewithafez,"11,5 hours on record (6 hours of downloading, 5 hours of creating the character, 0 hour of playing the game)"
,Recommended,306130,34069787,Posted: 6 August,all,TheLastBeerBender,im just going to take a look....ohh champion 380? how? lol
76561198207681867,Recommended,306130,26226289,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,//////////////////////,100+ оргазмов/часОргазмометром измерелял
,Recommended,306130,28331247,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Goodest Boy,"Very fun game. I am not really into online games let along MMO's, but I am an avid Elder Scrolls fan. My friend (who is not really an Elder Scrolls fan but a player of MMO's) told me ESO is surprisingly fun and relaxing to play, so I thought I'd try it out. Others have emphasized how this game is not Skyrim online, so I got into the game blindly and not really expecting anything. To my surprise, the game is not entirely unlike Skyrim in terms of UI and other familiar elements such as theiving (don't expect anything beyond that, however.). Despite my general disinterest in MMO's this game is pretty fun to play.Gameplay wise, it kind of plays like Diablo/Grim Dawn, or any similar arpg, except you play in 3rd or 1st person. The ""core"" consists of theory buliding (numbers and stats) and grinding mobs and bosses for loot. There are a lot of other activities aside of that, however.Pros:+ Lots of activities (leveling up, quests, crafting, collecting, skills, PvE, PvP, guilds, exploring, roleplaying, achievements(with rewards such as paint color and items))+ Good graphics/visuals+ Good (although limited) soundtrack+ True to Elder Scrolls lore+ Travel to different areas of Tamriel+ Beginner friendly+ Everything is fully voiced.+ Can be played solo+ Fun interacting with other players+ Crafting is fun+ Can download user created addons to improve UI and provide utilities+ Active dev support with more content incoming+ Friendly, mostly mature/older community (does not mean it is entirely free of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, however)Cons:-Quests are boring because 99% of npc's are generic/uninteresting (meaning I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what they want and what they have to say, unless you are a 300% loremonger), but this is expected from an mmo.- PvP may be a lag fest, althought its performance has been improved over patches.- You will be severly handicapped if you don't have the monthly subscription, especially towards inventory management (affects crafting and ability to make a lot of gold).- Cosmetic pets and some of the mounts are loud af and therefore annoying af, and there is no way to turn the volume down without also turning down other sound effects you don't want to turn down.- Lack of facial animations. (for ex. NPC will be shouting very angrily through dialogue making angry gestrues but face is still neutral expression, making it look very weird.)- Do not expect any ""immersion"" out of this game. It may be an Elder Scrolls, but it's an MMO. You cannot have both immersion and MMO.- You might frequently encounter bots running around farming nodes and dolmen. Zennimax does not give a damn because reporting them does absolutely nothing.Important Points:* Yes there is grinding because RNG is strong. Token system does not exist.*You can play solo, yes, but if you want the best gear/minmax you will definately have to socialize/ group up with people in chat or through a guild/community.* Even though it's Buy to Play, the business model with the subscription and the crown store feels very very much like Free to Play..* If you expect multiplaye Skyrim, you will have a bad time. This is an MMO first."
76561198080471322,Recommended,306130,34794479,Posted: 7 September,all,Asura Kishin,Let me know when you scroll down and see a downvote that explains why game is actually bad.
,Recommended,306130,31207996,Posted: 17 April,all,Nipple Slipple,"I started the free trial 48 hours ago, I now have 12 hours playtime. I bought it immedietly.To clarify, don't buy this game expecting it to be Minecraft - because it's not. It contains Elder Scrolls lore, but it plays like most other MMORPGs. Looting isn't that big of a deal, and quests are dull.Otherwise, it's awesome fun if you keep Skyrim at the back of your mind when you play this, not the fore front. Plus (what I imagine) is going to be upwards of a thousand hours of playtime.Enjoy :D"
76561198125459129,Recommended,306130,24138987,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Zettel36,"Amazing game. It takes a bit to understand but overall really fun, I love how you craft in this game. The fighting is good, and it looks great."
76561198166551909,Recommended,306130,24141073,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,BlackFox,"Hello.I played a lot mmo RPG at least 2 years and i can say that TESO its good mmo RPG,Bethesda i think is the one of the greatest games compaтy.And they make a good mmo.i play just 10 hours and i can say that its good game and interesting innofations at world Elder Scrolls."
,Recommended,306130,23914943,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[CT] Oyo Sly,1. Bought the game.2. Downloaded the game.3. Launcher appears.4. Got trading card even the game haven't launched yet.11/10 Would get trading card easily again.
,Recommended,306130,19817122,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Please team,"Fun, but I felt like I needed more friends to play with. The recent patch should also move to the steam servers so that if I don't play for a while I don't have to wait for it to update."
,Recommended,306130,18229373,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,BurritoBandito,"Pay no heed to the haters. I was skeptical about this game too initially.Something good to remember is that this game is, at heart, an MMO. It is not the next level up from skyrim, nor does it play like a singleplayer elderscrolls game. You still get elements that help it to feel like one, however. From the music, the first and third person cameras, lore, sneak and steal, fully voiced quests (Yes, every single thing is voiced) etc.. I find that this game plays somewhere between oblivion and skyrim. the game mechanics feel far more polished than oblivion, but a bit less than skyrim- but thats ok! I'm not saying the game is unfinished, it just plays...different. and not in a bad way at all. I've found myself becoming more and more immersed while, albeit, certain things can get repetitive, theres still plenty that will keep bringing you back. If you like TES, then you will like this. If you like MMOs, you will also like it. however, those who do not enjoy MMOs and seeing large numbers of other players around may find it hard to fully get immersed or enjoy it.I definitely recommend giving this game a shot, especially if you know other people who play it!"
76561198093433638,Recommended,306130,33800989,Posted: 25 July,all,tatellrton,"All the people talking about how the story isn't as good as Skyrim are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Skyrim's story was just as simplistic and cliche as this one was. Its an Elder Scrolls game, same as any other, big bad god comes and you and only you, the completely unskilled, unqualified yet inexplicably trustworthy prisoner turned heroic postman, can stop him through the power of your valiant fetch questing. The story is not what people come to Elder Scrolls games for, if it is, they're not in any position to be doing narrative criticism in the first place. Its the RPG experience. This is not and RPG, its an MMO. It may say MMORPG, but its not. Plain and simple. The extent to which you will be roleplaying is the little numbers that appear in your stats and maybe some light clothing selection. Other than that you have to role play with other players, but technically if you can count that as being an RPG, you can count any game with multiplayer as an RPG, since you can play pretend in any game you want. IT. IS. NOT. AN. R. P. G. Its 99% MMO. Do not buy it thinking its like Skyrim. Overall I'll say I had a neutral experience with it, I've not lost enough self respect yet to properly get into MMOs, so I just played the main campaign and some side quest, but I don't have the patience or time to grind for hours to make my stats tic up by one. But it was a decent time waister and pretty painless. Its worth it on sale or if you're the kind of creature who likes repetitivly clicking on a poorly textured object in pursuit of virtual items. 6/10"
,Recommended,306130,26670343,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Coffeesaur,"First played this on ps4 about a year ago and didnt enjoy it at all. Now got it in the sale and started playing it again. I can see myself playing a lot of this game. I see reviews from people with 0.7 hours played that dont like it, they barely finished the tutorial at that point, dont listen to them. Its a great mmo and the elder scrolls universe is so complex and so much to do! It's fun to play on your own and with friends. Overall great game! Graphics good for mmo and story fantastic!"
,Recommended,306130,21044718,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ape.hex,9/10
76561198047736323,Recommended,306130,20492131,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DinoGaby,"I was in the middle of a quest that involved following someone from a distance, when all of a sudden, to my right, there's this bunch of skeletons playing the flute in a circle, I decided to join in, I failed the quest, ended up naked surrounded by 5 skeletons while 3 other players watched10/10 would join a skeleton band again"
76561198130540989,Recommended,306130,20996346,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,GhostFrost,"PLOT TWIST!Have sex with Molag-Bal's wife,Get throwned to his fantasy black dungeon11/10 would never sex with his wife again"
,Recommended,306130,21110186,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,☭ Karl ☭,"I love it. That's what I can say. Although a TES mmorpg, it sitll manages to keep the TES feeling (to some degree), with great dialog (everything is voiced 100%), great sense of humor (Cadwell), memerable characters from previous TES games, Dumbledore makes an appearence, beautiful landscapes and great graphics. All this with fun and simple combat system (action oriented), makes The Elder Scrolls Online a very nice game. Also, PVP is very impresive, with battles on a large scales (literally tons of players rushing against each other to conquer locations such as fortresses/farms/small towns) taking place in a great (great in size as well as visually) area gives the feeling of a true war, hundreds of players clash one against another, destroying walls of fortresses and keeps, and eventually conquering them. PVP done right!8/10 - naturaly there are many things which can get better, overall it's a good game!People, do not expect Skyrim Online or whatever you have in mind, after all it's an MMORPG."
,Recommended,306130,22464077,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,DILF Hunter Unit XJ9,10/10 would recommend. Not your average MMO but its amazing
76561198065292644,Recommended,306130,21796786,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Salyute,"ive put.. probably over 800 hours of my life into this game in total. including before i added it to my steam account. i cannot tell you how long i had waited for a game like this. it is to say the least, the best mmo out there. and anyone who says different are probably the same people complaining about it not being skyrim II... its an MMO guys... there was no way to make it skyrim II and still have an mmo."
,Recommended,306130,21838476,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Koekbakker,"Haven't played  an MMO in ages, but this is amazing.I don't have any friends playing this game, but even alone it is amazing.Yes that's right, this game is amazing. It really has the explorer feel from an Elder scrolls game and it is definatly possible to play this game solo (like i do).The dunguens and PvP is also really cool and the game just makes you feel epic.The combat is really satisfying and is way better than any previous Elder scrolls game.Highly recommend this game to anyone that has enjoyed RPG's and/or MMO."
76561197997109320,Recommended,306130,22457078,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,koki 血眼,"I was a beta tester for ESO but then i didnt get the game at the start cause it didnt agree with me( still lots of performance bugs, random crashes and fps drops, massively op builds, cyrodil was basicaly a joke etc.)When they ended the subscription needed to play plan and tamriel unlimited came along i got the game and honestly it feels like whole another game on the same maps, i think i dced twice in the whole time playing.I can honestly say this game is great and it offers a real challenge in some areas(and i mean the good kind of challenge) and its realy fun to playP.S. btw when i got it the Steam version had some problems with loging in, so i play from ESO client from the siteP.S.S last i heard the 1st download in steam is very old, so you will download 13GB and then patch around 20GB, so if you let it patch overnight its ok otherwise getting the game from ESO site  save you arounf 10-15GB of download"
,Recommended,306130,22475945,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,MarcoSyn11,Didn't play much yet but until now this is the most fun MMO that I ever played. It´s worth your time.
76561198013581856,Recommended,306130,22806442,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,`23_,"Great game, graphics wise not the best but for such a massive game...u cant really complain.tons of quests waiting to be solved...after killing enemies...they may spawn a while later again and start killing u...if u run away from them...they will stop attacking u...this seems annoying but hey u will get urself immersed into the game!"
76561198065351048,Recommended,306130,21033603,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dickubus,Its Ight
76561198262552845,Recommended,306130,22755497,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Nootjes / THEGOUK,"Great game, if you expect Skyrim or Morrowind however you will be dissapointed. This game is a different beast but it works well. The micro transactions are kind of dumbIMO but besides that I'm enjoying the game so far and I would recommed it to anyone!"
76561198068792308,Recommended,306130,21508554,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Rock Doctor,"Like Elder Scrolls? Like MMOs? Then this game is ok. Recommended for only the biggest Elder Scrolls fans, really."
76561198078916347,Recommended,306130,21479947,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Scurvy Jon,"Its a good mmo, looks pretty and is fun. I would suggest playing with a friend, still fun on its own."
,Recommended,306130,21511711,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Jochen Marseille,"The more I play, the more I appreciate the game."
,Recommended,306130,21633961,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Bronx Maniac,love it
,Recommended,306130,21472944,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Arianagandhi,"Suprisingly engaging, addictive and above all fun.Buy za imperial edition so you can mount a horse instead of running everywhere like a motherchod"
76561198271333270,Recommended,306130,21540053,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Phenomenizer,"As soon as you equip a fat♥♥♥♥♥sword and swing it freely, you're hooked."
,Recommended,306130,30347201,Posted: 5 March,all,01001010,"TL;DR:  A great MMORPG with a lot to offer, but has its flaws - 8/10 IGNThe Pros:- gorgeous graphics- in-depth character creation- fluid and fast-paced combat- classes are much more flexible than in most other MMORPGs- many, many updates that have addressed the concerns that some people had at launch- has a very large and dedicated playerbase, with over 10 million user accounts so far- massive game world - with Vvardenfell the game world is now 3x the size of Skyrim- has a large focus on solo content and story- also has a large amount of group content, both for 4-man and 12-man groups- has an active PvP community- 4 major updates per year (Standard DLC - Expansion - Dungeon DLC - Standard DLC)The Cons:- Only two megaservers for the entire world - one in the EU and one in the eastern US- because of this there are high ping times for anyone not located in EU or NA- patches tend to break more things than they fix- a huge bug with Dungeon Finder/Group Finder that hasn't been fixed in 3 years- ZOS customer support is notoriously bad- servers tend to be less stable than the other big MMORPGs, leading to higher downtimeThe Conclusion:TESO is a great game, and a solid MMORPG. As long as you're mindful of its shortcomings, I think most people would find the game very enjoyable and would likely call Tamriel home."
,Recommended,306130,21939852,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Reinford サイコ,"Took almost one week to download this game, but worth it!!It's a great game afterall"
76561198214362581,Recommended,306130,21938954,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,MorphicGaming,The service is excellent and i can tell bethesda tried so why not try the adventure? you never know what they have in store!
,Recommended,306130,21939005,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Swift,Took 2 days to download ♥♥♥♥ing 10/10
76561198047352613,Recommended,306130,21964005,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,headsnipes,THIS IS NOT ONLINE SKYRIMThis game now that it is a one time purchase is absolutely great. However it got a bad rep because people were expecting an online skyrim a game where you paly with 4 friends in a slightly bigger skyrim styled game. This is not the case it is an MMORPG and it takes this path in terms of game design.So when compared to other MMOs it is+Simpler to learn+Far better graphics+Staggering amount of content+Everything is voiced (some don't have this)+Storyline while not as good as a singleplayer game is great and very good compared to other MMOs most of which dont really have a story that you care about.+Single purchase game and no subscription fees anymore.
,Recommended,306130,28223843,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,extra gucci asf JEEEEEM,best game. its every MMORPG game u want. (highly recommend) if u like games like this. also dont need to pay the mounthly thing.
76561198191114585,Recommended,306130,30142698,Posted: 24 February,all,Astralucst,sangat bagus!
,Recommended,306130,25881861,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Velocity_,Well so far the character creation has been great. I almost look juuuust right.
76561198327599441,Recommended,306130,29799867,Posted: 9 February,all,Kollegah der Boss Player,"Open world, MMO, Great"
,Recommended,306130,31144380,Posted: 14 April,all,Scavenge,"Very under-rated and under-appreciated game (which is well earned tbh, considering how it started).  Since release it's changed massively.  Now it well and truly FEELS like an MMO Elder Scrolls game.  It's a little difficult to get started, the spell/skill/talent system isn't well explained and it's hard to feel out what a good build is.  Join a newbie friendly clan/guild as soon as you can.  No in-depth review here, just a good recommendation.  If you like ES games, and also like MMO's in general, you'll enjoy this one."
76561198155369493,Recommended,306130,16986079,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Big Boss,"This game man!Some would say that it's not good enough to be a TES game, and others would say it's not good enough to be an MMO. Both of these statements might be true, but in my opinion this game was worth the price. Especially since it's ""Unlimited"" edition came out. There is no denying that the game has a lot of content, and if you really get into the game then it'll easily be played for over 300+ hours. Are you a fan of TES but haven't played big MMO's like WOW, then this game might be worth your time/money. I do however highly encourage people to really read/research about this game since my opinion is just that, a personal opinion!"
,Recommended,306130,32674903,Posted: 23 June,all,[SRB]Marex012,This is the best game I have ever playedBest MMORPG game...10/10
,Recommended,306130,20307792,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[duk] Ḡґø☺ṽƴ,I only played a little bit but I think it is pretty good
76561198031075741,Recommended,306130,25789569,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,inGe,I heard so much BS about the game but I purchased it anyway because I love the genre and Elder Scrolls lore. After 224 hs of gameplay I can say without hesitation that it's the best MMO in the market today.
,Recommended,306130,24078161,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,oppegående type,"To start off this review I just want to say that I haven't really played a lot of MMORPG's the last couple of years. I was a big fan of MMORPG's when I was younger, but the last years CSGO has taken my time.When I first got this game I started downloading it and it was 53 GB on steam and I figured, well, that's not that bad. But when I launched the game, I saw that I had to download all the patches on the launcher, which took me 30 GB more, so if you want this game you'll have to be patient with the downloads.Pros:- The gameworld; I really enjoy the gameworld, but I think many people's problem is that they expect this game to look like Skyrim, which in this case it doesn't. It looks more like Oblivion and I'm fine with that.- Not really P2W. A lot of other MMO's you'll have to buy things in-game to either level up faster or to do different stuff, but you don't necessarily need to buy anything in this game to become good in it.- Community; maybe the part I like the most. Everyone in the chat is helpful and very nice.- PvP, some of the best PvP yet, even though I've only played for 21 hours.- Skills and stats is actually very well made in this game and it's very simple to understand what you would prefer to use your skill points on.- Character selection; You can plays as Breton, Orc, Redguard, Altmer, Wood Elves, Khajiits, Argonians, Dark Elves and Nords. You can also play as Imperial if you wish to use money on it.- Faction selection; There are three factions to plas as; Ebonheart Pact (Dark Elves, Nords and Argonians), Aldmeri Dominion (Khajiits, Wood Elves and Altmers) and Daggerfall Covenant (Redguards, Orcs and Bretons). Imperials can freely choose what faction they want to be in.- The Classes; Templar, Nightblade, Dragon Knight and Sorcerer, which I enjoy because of the wide variety of things you can do in the different classes. You choose how to play for yourself, which I really enjoy.Cons:- Crafting; the crafting in this game is in my opinion horrible. Some people may like it, others don't but I think it's to confusing for people to learn quick. I didn't learn how to craft until I reached 15 hours on this game and I still don't like it at all.- Some of the quests; Some of the quests is just really boring and not playable. I really enjoy doing quests in ESO, but when 30% of all the quests is boring as hell and when you don't gain any real xp from doing it you will just waste your time.- Enchanting, I really loved enchanting in Skyrim, but in this game both the crafting and the enchanting is horrible. Maybe because there is another developer Zenimax that's created ESO, but still, they should have put way more work into it.So to finish this off, this game is brilliant but it has flaws. Some things might be changed in the future and some will stay the same, but that's just how it is.If I was to rate this game I would give it a 8.5/10.It's worth a try if you love Elder Scrolls and MMO's."
,Recommended,306130,20036609,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Matricide,"(NOTE:)This game is not what you expect from playing Skyrim. Mechanisms are totally different from Any other ES: games.Lets start off with ratings. 7.8/10Why? (Negative)The fact that its a mmo rpg game, I dont feel more of an Elder scroll game elements aside from SkyrimThere is still some ridiculous warp stuck bugs.Some contents are Useless for begineers.Begineers that take about 4 to 10 hrs of gameplay dont really get to use all of the great things, like pvp or raids, looting is really bad.Tutorial was kind of bad, They didnt teach how we can unlock lockpicks properly, didnt teach us How we can really have fun seeing alot of players, Prophet was a **ckhead.Not much of books/lorePositiveGreat mechanism when fighting you can almost dodge every attack with any opponentClasses are UniqueFactions are Greatly explainedGorgeous graphics and plenty of things to doNPcs are really greatNo need actually in game money currency to pay aside from DLC which is preferredAND ITS MUTHA F*CKING ELDER SCROLL GAME WHICH IS ALWAYS GREAT AS F**kI rated 7.8 because of lack of Elder Scroll elements kinda rip off"
76561198118067823,Recommended,306130,32196719,Posted: 5 June,all,Kai,"need more atractive patch , losing players"
,Recommended,306130,16562813,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Landsavage,"Some angles about how I am reviewing this product...-I read a lot of complaints while it was sub-I read a lot of stuff was fixed when/around the time it went non-sub-I never played this game prior to it being non-sub, only after Tamriel Unlimited-I was never a 'hardcore' Elder Scrolls guy, though I did play Skyrim as a Thief-like class-I prefer PvP focused games over PvE (strange for an MMO player right?)What I think about this game I purchased. I am glad I did. I have been thoroughly enjoying this game. It engulfed me and I was starting to lose hope years after WoW. GW1 kind of did, but I played WoW during that time, so I had high hopes (and a long wait) for GW2 and was highly disappointed (though its fun, its missing all the things I loved about GW1). I haven't had an MMO grab me like this since WoW (I was like two weeks in when BC was released, and was mezmerized). I have played a lot of other MMO's, sub, free, pay once, etc. This one is the only one where the PvE has actually pulled me in. I think its due to the Elder Scrolls leveling system. It looks great. Feels good. Feels big. Lots for me to do. I think I have a long life ahead with this game. If the PvP is awesome, I will be on this for years possibly. I am a PvP guy not PvE at all."
76561198145906992,Recommended,306130,22038287,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Xhanna,Awesome game for adventure and action.
76561198075188012,Recommended,306130,24210434,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Spheal,"I have played 128 hours on this game and its still not broing, i can keep making new charecters to play diffrent roles and builds, i see alot of peoiple puting bad reviews when the only have 10 or under hours, i will agree the the first few hours are not he most enjoyable but that comes with most mmo's. If you came to this game tyo play a skyrim like game, its not the game for you its in its own catagory. Still for some one looking for a good mmo this is the game for you. 10/10 wpould buy for all my firends if i wasnt poor as dirt."
,Recommended,306130,23973811,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[MAGA]Vortex,"Any serious MMORPG fan should at least give this a try. This Elder Scrolls game falls right in line with the quality of gameplay, lore and graphics as with the older titles. Veterans of this series will be taken down Nostalgia Lane with some of the locations, sounds and music. The MMO aspect is there and it is really awesome to finally see other Heroes in the wilderness and fight monsters together. They really did that aspect well, because you dont have to be grouped to receive loot chance drop and experience. You can also group together, and here is where the main beef of the game really bothers me, since I've been spoiled by other successful MMOs. The group mechanics, in particularly the Tank role, hardly ever holds aggro from pulls (even trash pulls) therefore making the group constantly having to duck and dodge getting hit for simply attacking the monster. This is simply unacceptable in my opinion and should be seriously considered a future patch update to add aggro to the tank's skills. Another problem I have is the constricting number of skills you can have set at a time. You can have countless spells/abilities but you can only bind 5 on your hotbar to use during an encounter. The game is overall enjoyable and I will continue to play even if it will take some getting used to. Seasoned MMO players may experience the same drawbacks as well. The game doesn't require a sub to play but if you do sub you do get quite a bit of perks for doing so. If your interested in purchasing, go to the website to see the difference in no sub/sub.Pros:-Rich Storyline-Beautiful Graphics-Great Sound-Massive World-Class CustomizationCons:-Tank mechanic issues while grouping-Zone channel trolls-not really recommended to players who are new to MMOs-Hotbar for Skill/Spell limitations"
76561198170198027,Recommended,306130,29828828,Posted: 10 February,all,the-godless-child,"It's fixed now, mostly. Now is the time to delve in, while sale is happening and the missing content promised at launch is now present."
,Recommended,306130,32052617,Posted: 29 May,all,Razorkiller1337,"When on sale for $9.99, this game is totally worth it with all the improvements since its mediocre launch. While the game may not encourage exploration as much as the single player Elder Scrolls games, quests are well written and are fully voice acted, unlike most MMOs.  As a plus, almost none of the quests are fetch quests like other MMOs (Collect 10 of X, Kill 5 X)  While the main campaign may have bored me to tears (if you didn't like Skyrim's main quest then this is even worse, and you can't coop it unlike 99% of the PVE content in the game), many other quest chains were well written and interesting individual stories.TL;DR: As someone who really hates MMOs from boring, grindy gameplay, I loved playing Elder Scrolls Online due to a really fun questing experience, especially in Co-op."
76561198035788104,Recommended,306130,26722219,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,xZombieRavenx,I am currently 265 hours into this game and plan on spending many more hours in it. Truly a fun game in the Elder Scrolls universe.
,Recommended,306130,21961416,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Vile Fiend,"I was skeptical at first, and only bought the thing because it was on sale and they dropped the monthly fee.  There were bad reviews... but in my mind they are dead wrong.  This is Elder Scrolls through and through.  Voice acting, story, graphics... it's not linear at all... you can explore for hours on end and still find new things after hundreds of hours.  ""Beating the game"", or actually completing the  main storyline is only the beginning... the other areas of Tamriel are opened for you, and you can delve into quests from the other factions or just explore, go into dungeons, do whatever you want.  It's the most open world I've ever seen... and it's fun when you meet decent people... also the ignore option is good for trolls.  Gameplay is fun, skills are novel... fun to play with.  Completely worth every dime... and it is not just a scam for money... like Star Trek Online became... don't fall into that trap.   Great game.. A+."
,Recommended,306130,32269218,Posted: 8 June,all,RedVermin,I didn't know the thieves guild quest line also robbed your wallet...
,Recommended,306130,26715577,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Grandmaster_Lexx,"Great game, amazing mmo, I'm not sure how they'll make this game any better, but they always do"
,Recommended,306130,29615146,Posted: 31 January,all,Papa Smoke,"Big bass pro fishing  simulator 2017No but seriously, great game. Initially i hated the concept of ESO back when it was announced in 2012/13, but now, after playing it for countless hours on my xbox and now pc, I can't recommend it enough. It avoids the common MMORPG tropes of pay to play and bad graphics, and comes off as a beautiful mmo with decent (fully voice acted (find me another mmo with fully voiced characters, you won't)) characters, and a huge, exotic world. Fun with friends. And by yourself. Pvp sucks tho.4.361/10 not enough fishy sticks."
,Recommended,306130,34129681,Posted: 9 August,all,[LazE] GiveMeUrMilk ツ,"This game really is or rather can be, a pure masterpiece. Its so fun to get online and go do some dungeons or quests or stuff with your friends, and level up, and be a part of a guild, be a vampire or werewolf or whatever the hell you want to be. The fact that its in the elder scrolls universe makes it better but as an MMO it has everything your going to want, and probably better combat than most other popular mmos i can think of. Its a really fun game but the DLC and ""chapters"" is its draw backs. The game is fun and all but it feels like you are not getting anywhere near the full experience without all the DLC, its about 15 bucks ish for 4 DLC each, plus add onto that the 40$ Morrowind DLC. People like me simply dont have that kind of money to♥♥♥♥♥♥out at the drop of a hat, the morrowind chapter i can see that being expensive, but the other DLCs are not anywhere near the value of what their priced at, id say the most id pay for one of the lesser DLC's is like 10$ other than that i wouldnt waste my time. Anyway i love running then guild i have and getting to meet new people and have fun in a world im fammiliar with. I reccomend for at least a try."
,Recommended,306130,23947652,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,St.Alexandru[ApplyingUniversity],This game is Awesome if you have some Friends
,Recommended,306130,20238286,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Soviet,"I don't care what anyone says. If you don't like MMOsDo NOT buy this game.Everyone that hates on MMOs buys this game and expects it to be like Skyrim and then downvotes the game. This game is actually great, and I suggest everyone to get this game. The guilds, the crafting, everything is fantastic. Maybe some features are not like Skyrim, and sometimes I wish they were, the game is equally great in the multiplayer aspect."
,Recommended,306130,23778916,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Myahster,"I was never a huge fan of MMORPGs, but I'm deeply enjoying this game so far.I'd definately recommend grabbing this before the Summer Sale ends."
,Recommended,306130,23484253,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Guanz,"First off, this game gets very boring if none of your friends play it. As a long time MMORPG player I wanted to give this game a try although it had very bad reviews at the time. At first it was fun, going through quests and gaining gear matching playstyle and level. The faction system brought diversity to the game and allowed for a semi- different experience in each playthrough. Once end game was reached, getting through the Veteran ranks was a pain. The game went from questing and semi grind, to full time grind. It lost all its fun whilst grinding and because I wasnt a high enough Vet rank I wasn't able to run dungeons and dalies with other players( this is where friends bring the fun.) But once I was max level and ready to hop into PVP and other things, I realised that I need gear. Gear is a huge part of this game, the design and the unique properties of each piece give this game a unique edge. But unfortunatly you need to have good gear in order to dominate in PVP and other gametypes. The PVP aspect of this game was what stood out to me the most. It wasn't a PVP where you stand there and wait for your spells to be up. This game had unique fighting mechanichs that had a huge learning curve. Another thing to keep in mind when buying this game is Ping. Currently living in SEA the ping with very high all the time, most of the time it didn't affect gameplay but sometimes it was noticeable. So yeah, even though this game has quite a bit of flaws, it's still a good amount of fun. Just make sure that you have friends that play so that you can expirience it to it's full capabilities.Pros:Unique quests from each factionSemi- Interesting storyDesign of armor and weapons is goodDifferent playstyles( classes )Complicated PVP system ( lots of fun )Cons:Takes lots of time to Grind levels and gear( main problem )Less fun if a solo player"
76561198256259965,Recommended,306130,33829562,Posted: 27 July,all,Prejudice,"Template supplied byPhr0stY_D3mon(Love you my boy)This is Bethesda's attempt at an online version of the Elder Scrolls Series, it hosts many key aspects that any good MMORPG should have, You are a character in Tamerial that you design yourself. You play through the game doing quests for your chosen faction, this all can be done with friends as it is an online game.Pros:||Fighting system - This game is obviously compared to World of Warcraft a lot, considering it is rather alike. The only downfall for me in World of Warcraft is the fighting system, This game has worked hard to give you an easy and understandable fighting system paired with good attack animations. ||Optimization - The game is very well optimized in terms of latency delay and fps. It works well on older computers as well as newer computers with very good graphics. The latency optimization allows you to play with higher delay and not really notice much. ||UI - The UI is very easy to understand, multiple hot keys are bound to the several selection screen you can choose from such as skills, map, perks or inventory. Making it easy for you to navigate easily through all your things. This UI also makes it easy to track and switch quests whenever you want (Unless you are obviously engaged in a quest at the time)||Story - The story is interesting, sure there is many boring quests but that is part of any MMORPG, the lack of excitment can be fixed with future updates to better immerse the player into the game.Cons:||Rushed - This game was Bethesda's attempt at a WOW styled elder scrolls, by that standard it feels copied, but like a cheap copy if you know what I mean, Fewer abilities that can be used at once, boring quests, lack of excitment the whole game just feels like it was rushed out, This can be improved with updates as mentioned above.||Confusion - The game doesn't allow you to replay quest descriptions from NPC's this meaning if the quest description in your menu doesn't tell you exactly what needs to be done and you didnt listen to the NPC properly you will not know what to do and will be forced to look up a walkthrough.||Price - Sure the game doesn't require monthly subscriptions and the base game is not that expensive, but for any DLC it will cost you a load of money. It is not worth that much in my opinion.Fairly speaking this game has come along way since it's release, constant updates as well as the huge recent update for the game not a few months ago adding a whole new world to explore, this show the game is still imroving, with that regard this game for me is a solid 6/10 and worth playing.Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Recommended,306130,33583413,Posted: 16 July,all,RustyHero,"I've played many mmo's troughout my years of gaming, but this is the only one I keep comming back to these days. What I specifically love about this game is that you can either be a social player or a lone wolf - you can enjoy the game however you like. Also the scaled world is nice if you get some new friends to play with. You don't have to wait for them to grind up to your level - you can just start playing together. Also I've been in love with the TES franchise my whole life, so having another TES game with all the lore is awesome. Couldn't recommend this enough. Although keep in mind it's obviously not for everyone. If you never played TES games, this might be a bit harder and overwhelming to get into, but it's easy to learn and to start. Overall great game, constant updates, friendly community, a must-have for any TES or MMO fan."
,Recommended,306130,32385231,Posted: 13 June,all,padtr0n,I dont care what anyone says about this game. I love it.
76561198042362004,Recommended,306130,30628887,Posted: 19 March,all,welsh1980,"What can I say. I have this game on both PS4 and PC.  It started off slow when it first came out, but evolved into the best MMO currently out there.  Give it a try and you wont be disappointed."
76561198017275784,Recommended,306130,32179745,Posted: 4 June,all,~Evellestra~,"I heard this game came out bad, and I avoided it for that reason. But as I am growing very bored with WoW, the Darling Man and I were looking for something to mix it up with. Saw this while I was getting myself Skyrim - and decided it looked far better than I was told about it. Only level 9 so far, but I am loving it!"
76561198245017574,Recommended,306130,22513240,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,[LF] ExpiredYogurt,"At first I thought its just Skyrim but online, that its just gonna be fetch this do that kill this person etc etc. All I'm gonna do is to grind my lvl so I can pretty much do whatever I want.But I was wrong.I was wrong in that I undermined the fact that there are actual people in this game with me, and these actual people are willing to make friends with the real me, which I think most of us could agree that its next to impossible to accomplish in real life. I made friends on this game. Real friends.10/10 better than therapy."
,Recommended,306130,33790234,Posted: 25 July,all,[Central],"The Elder Scrolls OnlineMy Review of The Elder Scrolls Online.Now as a Rule here: when I started I bought a one month Plus subscription to get the best bang for my buck, so to speak, I also then when I recieved my starter crown coins bought the Imperial Edition Digital Items, so Imperial Race (Because I always play as an Imperial raced character), I also have the Morrowind DLC.First ImpressionsMy first few hours with the game we generally fun, starting off in Vvardenfell, due to the Morrowind DLC, Questing and doing all other kinds of things, Now sadly I didnt get to experience the game as intended as I was forced to play Solo due to friends not having the game or not wanting to play it, Which is fair enough, I suppose.So Far my favourite class is definitely the Nightblade, which I'd made a complete stamina build, Combined with the Blade of Woe from the Dark Brotherhood makes for good kills, but regardless, I've played a few of the other classes, but not any other races, I'm just dead set in 100% Imperial.Quests &Things to do.The questing was rather fun, I will admit, there is ALOT of unique quests and I rarely found one that was pretty much a carbon copy of another quest just slightly modified. I am glad that they changed the rewards from like 1 gold per enemy to random amounts. There is a fair few things to do in ESO. From Dolmens to Dungeons to simple side quests or even the main story. Each Faction has a set story which takes place at the relative end of all the faction area Side Quests, which just involves a temperary truce to fight Molag Bal, the True Danger to Tamriel.Combat & SkillsWhile most MMOs follow a simular formula of combat, I would generally say this is quite simular but doesnt force you to play a certain way, so E.G You could theoretically be a mage and use a Bow and thats all fine. It is the same with the Skills and Antributes, which frankly makes Elder Scrolls games, what they are with freedom of choice.PricingNow the game comes off a little expensive for those who don't wish to pay as much or can't for an MMO, as it is a pay upfront for the game as a non-plus member, which you also have to pay for too.RatingHonestly, I have really enjoyed playing the game so far, but it has it's flaws, but then every game does, I'd have to say I'd rate this MMO atleast a 7-8/10TL;DR7-8/10, Pretty good Combat and Questing, better now than it was, allows you to play how you want."
,Recommended,306130,18078176,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,pandasteaks,"If you like elder scrolls AND you like mmo's then this is the game for you. its the first mmo i have played in a while that doesnt fell like either a wow clone or trying to hard to be ""not a wow clone"" through and through this game captures many of the elements that make elder scrolls games great while sacrificing what it must to adhere to the necessities that make an mmo.do not play this game expecting skyrim or oblivion or morrowind... you will be dissapointed, but if you come into this game expecting an elder scrolls experience in the mmo style i believe you will be pleasantly surprised."
76561198106210029,Recommended,306130,28564651,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Zyv,"Easily the best mmo I have ever played, and this is from a hardcore, die-hard World of Warcraft player who has been in competitive ranks."
,Recommended,306130,28569287,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,為了共產主義的榮耀,"I bought this game for $10 during a steam sale 2 weeks ago and have already logged 100 hours on it, but I feel like I've only scratched the surface of it."
,Recommended,306130,24122162,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Salami Mami,"It's not Skyrim, but it definitely feels like the Elder Scrolls series. It's definitely a really good game. Worth the money."
76561198117884495,Recommended,306130,24125883,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Zaidee The King Of Wadi,ATTENTION!! AFTER YOU BUY THIS GAME DO NOT DOWNLOAD IT USING STEAM!!!! JUST CANCEL IT!!!!This game is huge and game client of steam version is outdated!!!! This can cause many problem with patching (Which is ♥♥♥♥ing huge) and  launcher.Buy it and go to ESO website to download the game and use that installer instead.DO AS I SAID OR YOU WILL HAVE TO RE-DOWLOAD THIS GAME!
76561198069911117,Recommended,306130,15234899,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,jimbo8992,This has been my favorite MMO yet.  The quests are very fluid and engaging.  If there is ever a fetch quest it seems vital to the progression of the story rather than just something to do.  The combat in the game makes it feel like you are actually fighting things rather than simply stading there and button mashing.
,Recommended,306130,15234956,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Memphis,"Good game, attractive graphics, fancy scenarios. Got addicted to it for the first days...then addiction flew away. Now, I play whenever I want. Meanwhile, started playing again...surpassed my fear of spiders. That was the reason I didn´t play this game."
,Recommended,306130,16764171,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ableton Live v9.6.1 WIN Team-R2R,Love it. Reminds me much of Skyrim.
,Recommended,306130,30567946,Posted: 17 March,all,ISSAC,Terrifically great game! I enjoy it so much!
,Recommended,306130,19302498,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Soviet,"390+ hours and counting (0% grinding all story hours)What this game does that other games don't: you can be a member of up to five player guilds.This is important because there is no auction house or individual player stores. Trading is done via traders rented by the guilds in various towns.installs game.. 50 hours later: I should stop crafting and be a hero.Nah!Seriously tho its fun, its pretty and next thing u know its tomorrow after u sat down to play it. love the option for 1st or third person. Love love 1st person adventures.Thing is first person knitting and blacksmithery isnt as exciting. lolLoads of solo stuff stuff to do. Great stories.Graphics run smooth and are very optimized. Everything looks good and fps don't drop."
,Recommended,306130,19434700,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,The Faither,"This is not a review. This is just a couple news:This game has the best community ever seen in a MMOIt isNOTpay-to-winAs soon as you start the game look for the right main quest, which is on a small island. Use the web to discover which NPC you have to talk to. Do not just run for the main city, enjoy the impact and the introduction of the storyline visiting the small island and doing all the quests there"
,Recommended,306130,19428024,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,LegoManIAm94,"When I first heard of this game it was like a dream I never thought will happen but was going to happen. I was excited for the game and pre ordered it and got early access. I did have a beta invite but I decide since I wanted it to be a surprise for me when it came out. No spoilers and etc. I knew as a MMO you couldn’t mod the game (Except the UI) since its almost impossible to make mods and play them in a MMO so I knew theres no modding this game so I won’t need to spend time planning my mods just enjoying the game! The difference with this game compared to many Elder Scrolls games I played before is the MMO interface such as Skill Attacks, Banking, Guild Stores, etc. I like many of these features but I am not the biggest fan of the Skill Attacks but I grew into them. And the world isn’t one big worldspace and its not ALL of Tamriel but its large worldspaces that you play though and once your reach a certain level you can advance into a new worldspace. And the game is expanding with new location that are DLC. I don’t mind the worldspaces and their huge and to have one worldspace would be insane to run on a server and with the Tamriel One update your allowed to go anywhere in Tamriel and not worry about being a certain level when in certain regions which is the best update this game ever had! Nevertheless there are hundreds of quests and even now in 2015 I still haven’t beat the game since it’s a long storyline. This game will keep you busy for hours with tons of things to do such as steal, kill, crafting, trading with other players, selling your custom items to other players, quests, fighting the war in Cyrodiil with your alliance against other players, grouping up with other players and completing quests, etc. It’s a fun game with endless opportunities like any Elder Scrolls game and I recommend it to anyone who like MMOs and Elder Scroll games."
76561198015234015,Recommended,306130,24383053,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Mighty Zarkon,"Itza dumbed down version of Skyrim with no dragons. Multiplayer brings the game to life, even if the questing system can be a bit aggrivating."
76561197961161199,Recommended,306130,18050459,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Rick Dangerous,"An absolute joy to play.After 5000 hours in Guild Wars 2 i felt i neededanother MMO to play around in for a while.And i am very impressed. I bought this game after therelease of tamriel unlimited, and as far as i can tell, mostpeople that felt the game was bad when first released,changed their minds when this expansion was added.The music and the atmosphere in the game is fantastic.The graphics are awesome, the optimization is awesome.The community is very friendly and social.I have played this game for about 50 hours so far and barelyscratched the surface. The world is gigantic with hundredsupon hundreds of missions.And all this without monthly payments. Thank you!I really love playing this game.Highly Recommended."
76561198163533172,Recommended,306130,23700622,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,BossONeatO,"This game recieved alot of hate for apparently not being a true single player elderscrolls game, but they were all wrong!  My first elderscrolls game was morrowind and i have player every game since.  This game in my opinion completely lives up to the name!  I have over 350 hours of gameplay and I am still not bored!  Well done Bethesda, well done.*****  Five star rating!!!!Amazing game!"
,Recommended,306130,23355935,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,PoliticalSox,"I had been skeptic about an Elder Scrolls MMO, and the launch proved me right. Ever since Tamriel Unlimited has released, I can easily say this game is worth the price. The quests are a bit bland at times, but are far more expansive than other MMO's grindy quests with ""go here, kill this"" or ""get this, bring it back"". The game feels very smooth on my 780, not even dipping below 60. Great game if you are looking for a different style MMO and want to get a fresh Elder Scrolls experience before TES 6."
76561197995202925,Recommended,306130,23132333,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Running Onion,This is the best MMO i have ever played.
,Recommended,306130,23177784,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,ibz,"What is ESO? its a game that everyone wants, a game that everyone desires. Like skyrim but MMO. However once this game came out it was expensive as sh*t an still is and thats why this game is dead. You need at least 3 people together in this game to have fun, so dont get this unless you have friends that all want to spend $60"
,Recommended,306130,23937082,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MickJaegar,"Woah. Talk about a rough♥♥♥♥♥launch. Seriously, if you want to see just how it was at launch, check out Angry Joe's video on The Elder Scrolls Online.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ov3B26h12C4Fortunately, the game's improved massively. And it seems to be getting more and more content, hyped as hell for ""One Tamriel!""Definetly get it if it's on sale. Maybe even full price."
76561198375675179,Recommended,306130,33793794,Posted: 25 July,all,mizzrympharaun,"If you have a gaming computer and love medieval-fantasy role playing games with elves this game is ftw.  I cannot say it will appeal to everyone.  But I like a well rounded game that covers crafting, questing, open'ish world exploration, pvp, pve, fishing, and achievements that actually reward you with an item you cannot get otherwise.  And I love elves.  TESO is beautiful!  But you need graphic enhancement programs to get the visuals to really rock.  You can ignore chat if you want to play it like a single player.  I like talking.  So chat is fun for me.  There are rude and nice people but more nice.  The dungeon content I have a problem with.  TESO has beautiful dungeons but you will not be running them easily.  They are all very hard or extremely hard or outrageously hard.  You need a guild to run them.  I would rather not bother with that much socializing."
,Recommended,306130,34853099,Posted: 9 September,all,Moro,very good
76561198000469088,Recommended,306130,26729767,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,IM BIG IN JAPAN,"It looks great, plays smooth and the quests don't feel grindy and obnoxious like the early levels of more popular MMO's out there, you actually have a story that makes you feel somewhat important like other Elder Scrolls titles. If you're looking for Skyrim with friends, this isn't that. This is an Elder Scrolls game with more MMO aspects than regular Elder Scrolls mechanics. Different graphics engine from the rest of the series which is both a good and a bad thing; would have been cool to maintain the art style but it's understandable. Be warned though, it's titled Tamriel Unlimited but there are a lot of places on the continent that aren't in the game yet, the big one for a lot of people would be the Skyrim area, which is currently limited to the eastern region, The Rift and the area where Windhelm is. All in all I recommend the game and purchased the discounted version after playing about 5 hours, it's dope. Just don't get it if you want Skyrim multiplayer... you can't even visit all of Skyrim yet lol"
76561198262917341,Recommended,306130,35035346,Posted: 17 September,all,mumsthwd,One of the better MMORPGs on the market. So much to do and so little time to do it :). fun game. Has a bit of everything. Worth the money spent and spending for sub. IMHO.
,Recommended,306130,35030369,Posted: 17 September,all,Chess,"This game is amazing. It makes grinding fun, and it feels amazing everytime you complete something big, as expected."
,Recommended,306130,31273474,Posted: 21 April,all,Purps™,"Game's fine, monetization is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Uses both the ""pay to not grind"" and ""pay to skin"" formats, putting cool stuff that you'll want to have both behind massive grinds and straight-up making it inaccessible without microtransaction currency. There's also bunch of little annoyances like the inventory space taken up by crafting supplies to push you to buy a subscription on top of all the cash shop stuff being offered.You're going to want either a lot of time and patience, or a lot of disposable income.As ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as all that is, I'm neutral about it. The game world is fantastic as always with Elder Scrolls games, the combat system isn't terrible (Slightly more deep than usual Elder Scrolls LMB mashing combat, even) and a lot of familiar mechanics from Elder Scrolls titles are present. Is there enjoyment to be had in the non-subscription part of the game? Totally. Like a lot of MMOs these days, it's perfectly adequate to play casually without investing anything into a subscription or cash shop, and that's what I'm likely to do with it. It's a relaxed grindfest with nice ambience and a nice setting to explore, which is more or less what I got out of all previous Elder Scrolls games anyway.So yeah, nickel-and-diming = ♥♥♥♥♥♥, but you can still ignore it and enjoy the game, so whatever."
,Recommended,306130,29651425,Posted: 2 February,all,Meme T,eso > wow
76561198063209196,Recommended,306130,33843597,Posted: 27 July,all,Garuda002,"First off, don't listen to the haters. It's not TES6, it was never meant to be. It's a TES MMO.It had a rough launch, but from my experience, I can say this game is amazing in it's current state. I've played all my time so far pretty much solo, only grouping up for PvP and dungeons and have still had a blast. No doubt it will be even better if I can get some friends to play.Bottom line: If you're a huge TES nerd, you'll love the game. As someone who has stuck to traditional TES titles because of the fear of the complexity of MMOs, I can easily say this a fun and easy MMO to hop into and the TES theme makes it that much more enjoyable. PvP does not disappoint (once you get the hang of it of course, you will die. A LOT.)"
,Recommended,306130,33497006,Posted: 12 July,all,ChalzZy,"Most improved game of the century!This game was a mess on launch, barely playable.But the developers knew not to give up and listened to their community. Here's ESO. In no way is it Skyrim, but it's f*cking fun."
76561198089707662,Recommended,306130,19440038,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Flötesalat,"I will recommend this game, but only because certain people I feel would love this game, and others would just hate it; I don't think there's an ""in-between"" feeling people are going to have about this game.First off, if you're coming here expecting World of Warcraft formatted for Elder Scrolls? Save your money. This game isn't anything like WoW.There aren't many mounts in the game, and they don't increase your speed significantly in my opinion.In WoW, there are no ""unfinished"" areas - you can just go where you want when you reach the proper level. Not so with Elder Scrolls Online.We know that there's a Western region of Skyrim, for example, but you can't go there; it's not finished yet. Kind of lore-breaking for me, and I'm sure it would be for some people. But it's hardly game-breaking, so don't take that the wrong way. There's plenty of areas to explore otherwise.Combat feels blocky, even for an online RPG. There are only a few attack animations put in the game when you swing a sword, axe, etc. and it just feels to me as if Zenimax could've done more.If you're looking for an Elder Scrolls game? Definitely not; Bethesda wasn't involved in the making of this game, so the whole ""Elder Scrolls"" aspect of the game is mostly gone, except for the races and places.However, I still did enjoy this game, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a fresh take on the online RPG world."
,Recommended,306130,29157535,Posted: 9 January,all,A fat cat,"A big reason to why this game gets negative reviews is because people get this game expecting it to be something it's not.This is not Skyrim online. This is developed by Zenimax. This is NOT like the previous Elder Scrolls games. This is an MMO.But this is the best MMO. It's one of the best games I know. It is amazing, it has so much content. It has hundreds of quests. It has so much land to explore. At the moment I have 718 hours of recorded play time, but I'm not even close to being done.Don't buy this because you think it's gonna be Skyrim. It's like ordering a lasagna at a restaurant, and then when you eat it you're like ""Aw man, this doesn't taste like cake at all!"". Because it's not cake. It's lasagna. And lasagna is really good too, it's just not the same thing."
76561198218483764,Recommended,306130,17292191,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,LeadFarmer81,"MMO first, Elder Scrolls game second. Highly recommend this to anyone interested in MMORPGs, it can get a slow at times, but usually thats because you are thinking about what you want to do with all of the options available to you(good thing). If you are new to MMORPGs this game does a decent job at not blowing your mind with to much (although it is a good idea to play with a friend if this is your first). Very different game from what I was told it was when it was first released. Was skeptical to buy it but I do not regret it. Also, so far the community seems to be helpful to anyone asking for help and tips in the zone chats (might vary from zone to zone, but overall decent people)."
,Recommended,306130,17289061,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,请赢 谢谢,"I haven't played much, but every time I quit, I always look forward to the next time I launch the game. The quests are, so far, very enjoyable and interesting. This is only my second not F2P MMORPG so I don't really know a lot about the standard of the genre, but I think this game is very enjoyable so far playing solo."
,Recommended,306130,17808635,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,௵ Corn Nuts,"Awesome, fun not quite what your average Elder Scrolls fanatic would be expecting but it is quite fun, PvP I haven't tried out to much as of yet, however I am getting there, PvE is very similar to the standard, and you dont HAVE to do it, you can just craft and hang around, level up, do mindless quests for cash or to unlock the new locations for the resources, nothing is REQUIRED to do, just as per the norm / body of an Elder Scrolls game. I enjoy it, pre-orded and beta tested when it was first starting up as a game."
76561198106231866,Recommended,306130,29041584,Posted: 5 January,all,Richard,"+ Player coop friendly system in killing monsters and looting (there is no killstealing)+ Many armor designs+ Crafting is well made here, with deconstructing, enchanting, jw, etc..+ Voiced dialogues and despite beiing mmo it has an elder scrolls feeling+ Skill system (it has it similar to previous es games)+ If you are bored by dungeons you can do pretty interesting quests pretty much like in previous es games.- Maybe horses are bit expansive so you'll walk most of the game.- Too expansive repairs (you will make 4k gold made by hard work in dungeons and spend 1k of that for gear repairs)- There are too much effects. Its good for the look but somethimes pretty confusing.-/+ At the start game is extremly easy then it will have greater diffilcuty than heroic dungeons in wow. Besides that there is always someone who will screw it up. So prepare to die often :D. Somethimes you wont even beat the boss and you must abandom dungeon.Game is realy entertaining with friendly community mostly. It's much better than wow. It's like guild wars 2 put in elder scrolls universe."
76561198079863148,Recommended,306130,29104132,Posted: 7 January,all,Benjammin,"This is Elder Scrolls Online, yes you heard me correctly, Elder Scrolls Online. Not The Elder Scrolls Skyrim, The Elder scrolls online. You're welcome. Now dont expect another skyrim. Thanks!"
,Recommended,306130,17408479,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,dick fuq,"I decided to change my review to something longer that doesn't need a tl;dr version but my original review was just a single word.The games is pretty cool, theres a pretty steep grind after level 10 or 15 imo but its fun and story rich enough to leep you interested. Pvp is fun, Pve is fun, Pvp co op is fun, Pve Co op is really fun(sorry for the redundantcy). The community is great and has a grreat sense of humor(reddit/♥♥♥♥♥ sense of humor). overall the game is pretty good and I'm enjoying it. Thats all I really wanted to say."
,Recommended,306130,17429700,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Siya Cuntworthy,"Elder Scrolls Online is an amazing game, a game that any person can get into. I recommend it highly for all MMO type ES fans. It just became subscription free and all you need is an account to play after you buy the actual game. I love it and it never ceases to amaze me. The Elder Scrolls series is truly one of my favorite series in the gaming world. You won't regret buying this."
76561198000897853,Recommended,306130,17499229,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,NoLandForOtherCountries,"200 hours in, mileage in this game is hit or miss (depending on the faction), but generally worth it if you're a fan of the elder scrolls series and have thoroughly played through Morrowind/Oblivion/Skyrim. The end-game should be re-worked though, they just shoehorned the other faction storylines in with no solid basis for doing so (e.g. start as ebonheart pact, finish that off and you do daggerfall ones, etc.). Lack of subscription and general good-times make it worth it though."
76561198141548205,Recommended,306130,17670166,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,timberwolf87,"this game had SO many bugs and stuff at first, but now it's finally done! I reccomend this game to ALL players who love massive worlds to explore. Also to those who love to play online; the online is FREE. So i give this game a 10/10. You will definitly stay up all night and more playing this."
76561198126131593,Recommended,306130,17702576,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,NolteTheMonster,"Love The Elder Scrolls. This game is cool for an MMORPG, it would be a million times better if it had controller support though, I mean it works for the Xbox One and PS4.... All in all though, most enjoyable."
,Recommended,306130,17839167,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,sG | Dakka,Pretty good game.
,Recommended,306130,17841251,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,atlas927,"All around fun. Great to both play and hang on. Eather just hang with others and play quest by your self or quest only with friends, leveling up past other players happens realy easly. Mostly because leveling up is fun."
,Recommended,306130,17884861,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Whead,"This game took 13 hours to download and update, I was downloading at 2mb/s.You have been warned."
,Recommended,306130,17918268,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Veilchen Blume,"Other then the big updates and the patches, it's a great game.The Elder Scrolls Online is a great blend of single player and multiplayer. The people you meet are generally nice and are willing to team up against a foe. The chat box could have more options such as how big the font is and where it pops up.The general game play of the game is great. The graphics are nice and the controls are pretty easy to use. You may have multiple characters which makes it fun and easier to explore Tamriel. You can also switch from first person to third person which is always a plus.I would list off all that I like and dislike about this game but that would take to long. Basically buy it when it's on sale, try it out, and if you don't like it you can just let someone else play.9/10, love the multiple characters part."
,Recommended,306130,29061508,Posted: 6 January,all,Schoi,"The support team takes tickets quite seriously, for example I was depositing one million gold into one of my guild banks but right as I pressed accept, I closed the bank immediately while I had high ping. This caused my gold to leave my inventory but not go into the bank, just disappear. I sent in a ticket and they responded in less than 24 hours, I replied and they resolved the ticket and returned my gold in less than 24 hours of me sending in a ticket.The game isn't Skyrim, but I would consider it an elder scrolls game despite the butthurt players who thought this was going to be like Skyrim rather than an MMO. There's thieving, murder, PvP, a lot of dungeons, all classes can be whatever role you want them to be, great crafting systems, you can't pay to win. How much better can it get?"
,Recommended,306130,17378279,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Linetes,"After 28 hours of playing this game I can say it is worth it. To start of I am a huge fan of The Elder Scrolls Series. This is a game somewhat different from the others. It is not Skyrim online but it is like WOW with Skyrim. You make your own character by making your on path, every thing you do matters and that is what I liked most. There is a Main Quest but they call you each time you reach a certain level. So if you are confused in buying this game just buy it. It is worth it."
76561198078137905,Recommended,306130,17384560,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,AuspeX,"Okay you beautiful people! I only have a few hours on this game and I might update this review over time when I progress more through the game, though so far I've quite enjoyed it, and that's saying something cause I don't usually enjoy MMORPG games much. Before I got this game though I read quite a few of bad reviews about it, but that was before Tamriel Unlimited and now after Tamriel Unlimited, the reviews got better so I thought the time is now to get it and oh boy! best decision EVER! but, I've still read that some still aren't impressed or satisfied about the game, that it's kinda boring and that's 100% okay cause people have different tastes and opinions about what makes a good MMORPG game but I just can't help but feel that people expect way to much of this game because of it's name, that they expect it to be just like Skyrim or something, but I don't know that's just my opinion. Anyways, I greatly enjoy this game and like I said it's hard for me to enjoy a MMORPG game but this game takes the cake for me so far. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good MMORPG, it get's slow at the beginning but speeds up fast after 4 hours or more considering i've only play about 5/6 hours but I'll be sure to update this later on down the road. PS Todd Howard is love, Todd Howard is life. :')"
,Recommended,306130,17531590,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Gunch22,"I bought this after playing to level 15 on the Xbox One version of ESOTU. This game is definitely worth the money I put into it. Only problems are very small:*No obvious emote list*No controller support (okay maybe not small on that one, come on Zenimax and Bethesda), due to this when I use my Night's Silence set gear I literally have to alternate sprinting and crouching in order to pickpocket. How does that make sense.*If you want to go about a certain route as the crow flies, you can't just parkour that s*** like in Skyrim, but instead walk around like the soul shriven corpse that you are, because apparently if you can't blast peasants away with your voice, you have to use the sidewalk.*If you want a horse, you are literally SOL. Until you have ground enough pitiful NPC's into the ground or found something that some completionist needs, like, I don't know, some random a** recipe you couldn't give two s***s about, you have to wait. Because a freaking horse costs almost 48 THOUSAND COINS. Or you could buy Crowns and buy a bada** horse covered in fire that would burn your balls off with its bada**ery. I chose to spend my measly 500 starting crowns on my dog, Dinkles.*The game has crashed no less than 15 times while I was playing. It gives me a very nice window to report the error with the game's sound running in the background though.Other than that, the game is pretty solid. I'm not exactly an extremely focused and superior . . . like . . . non n00b or anything, so take this with a grain of salt I guess, but at lvl 17 and 35.9 hrs on record I have had a lot of fun.* Waiting to see what happens next, and excited for the update with the Thieves Guild in it.*Fun with the, like, 5 emotes I could think of wanting to do AND figure out the syntax to complete, and the fact that it took me until the day before this review to realize that to make set gear (like Night's Silence, which is awesome btw) I have to have the EXACT TRAIT researched on that EXACT ITEM. Also the lack of climbing like in Skyrim, blah blah, Dragonborn, blah- oooh, wait, can you still name weapons? Ahhhhh I never thought of that until now . . ."
76561198022266257,Recommended,306130,17667641,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,mylin1,After playing in beta i felt this game was ok to fair but would struggle to justify a subscription. The conversion to buy to play has made this game well worth picking up on special although I would struggle to pay the standard price for it.Hopefully an influx of players will give the game more opportunity to fix and add to what is still fairly bare bones. (even the big games like World of Warcraft started out at this point.)The feel of the game is somewhere between Morrowind and Skyrim with each improvment pushing it closer to skyrim.It could really do with a more open class system like skyrim instead of the class+ weapon combo it has atm but I suspect that is a major overhall that they wont have the $ to do. In lieu of that adding more classes(the warden leaps to mind) and expanding the weapon skills out some more.Over all - good game - pick up on steam sale
,Recommended,306130,17764378,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Duplexion,If you don't have it GET IT NOW!!!Best Elder Scrolls Game in my opinion.
,Recommended,306130,17882968,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Jorge Barrera ♞,"Okay so first of all, I think everyone should ignore the hate from people that say this game sucks.This game is very fun and has so much potential.I really felt like playing a single player game, since quest are really good and history is pretty interesting.Everyone should give it a shot..."
,Recommended,306130,29132373,Posted: 8 January,all,Score,I love these dungeons... this game is so creative on each dungeon (and there are loads of them).  There is so much content I can't even scratch the surface after 240 hours (what!?  noway?!?  how?!?)
,Recommended,306130,17716170,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Cubic Circle,"While its no follow up to the other elder scrolls game, and still follows basic mmo rules, eso is still quite fun, and i quit like the guilds mechanics. I wont spoil anything, but you can take over a castle."
76561198065924098,Recommended,306130,17880197,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Agent Cody Danks,This game looks great and all but it wont let me in to the game because it says my password is wrong but i know its right
76561198161540555,Recommended,306130,17272675,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,jmccullar,"As most people will tell you, the game got its bad reviews in the early stages, mainly due to the fact that it was pay to play and still had some major adjustments to be made, but they've already fixed many problems and it's free to play now, so it really deserves more positive credit and I'm glad to see that it's finally getting some. Definitely worth the money, especially now that there's no subscription to play."
,Recommended,306130,17403737,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,LakuPope,"Much has changed since the game's beta and initial launch.With the coming of Tamriel Unlimited, I can wholeheartedly recommend this game.+ Massive world, with lots to explore and find.+ Excellent quests.+ Action based combat.+ Visually it looks beautiful, one of the best looking MMO's in my opinion.+ Less bugs and glitches.+ Justice system. Be the thief you were destined to be.+ Addon support.- Empty UI. Some things, like a minimap, are essential in any MMO.- Some bugs. Quest givers dissappear etc.- PvP is way too big. Most of the time you're just running around there with nothing to do. (Overall PvP is fun, though.)Incredible how much a game can change, when the devs actually listen to feedback.8/10"
,Recommended,306130,17594326,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,texhnolyze,"It's an Elder Scrolls game meat and bone, pretty immersive."
,Recommended,306130,20231403,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Vhalken,"This game had one of the worst launches ever.It isn't launch anymore, and it's now one of the best MMORPGs of all time.I don't use that lightly.To give you an idea, I bought it 4 days ago on sale, and I have 59.9 hours in it already.Yeah.If that doesn't want to make you buy it, let me describe the questing experience.-Spend two hours discovering this wild cultist plot to sacrifice and murder this town and♥♥♥♥♥♥-At the very end of the questline, this crazy dramatic scene is happening, someone is about to die-Other players are all around me are in awe and wonder-I'm just standing here playing the lute while my pet monkey that I named Brian Holinka tries to eat rocks on the ground like a retard10/10 best game ever made"
,Recommended,306130,31310545,Posted: 22 April,all,koala,"136 hours of game, 7 days sleeping like 3 hourslast day I'm just a zombie spamming keys""You have been booted"", banned for 3 days for ""botting""?Appeals for unban, get a response from a bot10/10 would get banned again"
76561198108871529,Recommended,306130,29899118,Posted: 13 February,all,"Ανμεχτυπήσεις,ημ",We need Chineseplz
,Recommended,306130,34618374,Posted: 30 August,all,Warframe,16 hours of playtime: I fell asleep with the launcher open while it was taking forever to get all the patches installed. Haven't actually played yet. Would recommend if you love downloading things.
,Recommended,306130,26679495,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,JakieTomi,"The guard's don't say ""I took an arrow to the knee"" anymore so i rate it 10/10"
,Recommended,306130,26741605,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Nanuk,Amazing game 10/10
76561198238634262,Recommended,306130,29783750,Posted: 8 February,all,Frut,Where is my sweetroll?!!?
,Recommended,306130,30440854,Posted: 10 March,all,MasterMemeCard,knock knock whos there game good game i want to ♥♥♥♥ing die
,Recommended,306130,32618231,Posted: 21 June,all,Sees-All-Colors,"Well,I have to admit.It's better than Planetside 2The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited™  > Planetside 2"
76561198041786602,Recommended,306130,31640071,Posted: 8 May,all,AND-RoW,Best MMORPG so far
76561198063160522,Recommended,306130,16348692,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dova Lord,This is one of the best MMOs i have ever played in my entire life! It truly takes you al the way back to Arena all the way to Skyrim! I love it! :D
76561198031075980,Recommended,306130,18427518,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Conduck,"I like this game so much, its growing so fast, still better and better :) PvE is funny, community is great! Don't wait and buy it! :)"
76561198121140562,Recommended,306130,19115349,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,CHIEF CHOK,very good game
76561198081411032,Recommended,306130,22031317,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,j.p.van.dorsten,"READ THIS IF YOU WANT TO SAVE YOURSELF 2 DAYS WORTH OF FRUSTRATION.do i recomend this game? yes, yes i do.im a long time ES fan and although i have my gripes with how the game handles the ES core of it i guess you can't prevent these things to happen since its an mmo. although i also feel that this is an excuse and the easy way out.regardless of that, here is what you definitely DO NOT DO.DO NOT DOWNLOAD THROUGH STEAM.for me and many others it downloaded a hefty 60 gb that only contained the installation files and did not actually install the game (as with other games) if you try to install in manually you end up with missing files, endless loading screens, etc.take your key to the official ESO site and get your download there.i bought the game on steam because it was 50 % off and i saved myself a couple of bucks.that being said its a fun game to play and doesn't really feel like an mmo minus the crafting system.haven't tried pvp yet but this acording to many is the mayor selling point. my hours on ESO online (dont even know how i got that to begin with) do not ofc represent the actual hours i played this game.TL:DRdownload on steam is often broken or corrupted so F you steam.game is good, good graphic's, good combat system, voice acted quests, good music, fun and flexible class system, decent crafting system, massive world that has been beautifully handcrafted as many has come to expect from an elder scrolls game and ESO is no exception imo better then skyrim."
76561198105633503,Recommended,306130,18173078,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,jp1224777,"I never like mmos before, but I gave this one a try.  I loved it so much i bought ESO Plus."
,Recommended,306130,18450286,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,R41NES,"Great story, nice gameplay, a tad bit repetitive with the character looks(escpecially on females), I can play this for hours.MAC USERS BE WARNED: DID NOT DOWNLOAD ON STEAM, HAD TO TRANSFER TO THE WEBSITE AND DOWNLOAD FROM THERE. I'd reccomend buying it on main website rather than here if you do use Macintosh."
,Recommended,306130,24700566,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,The Duck,Always been a fan of the Elder Scrolls series and the fact they finally made an MMO version of it is just unreal! definitely worth picking up!
,Recommended,306130,19245608,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Wumbo,It's really good game and i think you should play and find the beauty of scenery in this game :))
76561198105898896,Recommended,306130,22004595,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Vanza,"This game looks beautiful, the gameplay feels amaz and the graphic quality is excellent."
,Recommended,306130,16328726,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,nig bigger,Played for about 3 weeks straight and I can say it is a pretty good game. I enjoyed more than other mmorpgs so I would recommend.
76561197984428592,Recommended,306130,24329189,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Sigrosa,A pretty average MMO. Picked it up on sale for cheap.It's fully voice acted and has some interesting zones to explore. What really got me was how friendly the community was. Have had some of the best online interactions in this game. As a casual choice I would reccomend this game.
76561198062110429,Recommended,306130,16990234,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,salty6,its a good crashing simulator 10\10
76561198073462840,Recommended,306130,19321743,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,XelaEnnyl,"Well worth every shilling! Hours and hours of content in PvE, for a game that's only about 2 years old (AFAIK)!!! PvP is wonderful and competitive (if you're not one of those people who just switches factions to whoever is winning.) for a game that's only about 2 years old (AFAIK)!!! And if you're not content to just suck and be afraid if your not in a zerg... it will take time, but it will be fun to hone your skills and master your class and build, watch your character go from ""Scrub!"" to ""Run away when you see my name!"". Over all, hours and hours of fun content in PvE and PvP, all well worth the B2P model! Oh, and did I mention the game is only about 2 years old (AFAIK)!!! Haha... Good things to come! So come on down and see you at the salted wings tavern! ;) Cheers mates!"
,Recommended,306130,20852402,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Ignatious,"I don't understand why this game recieves such terrible reviews.First off, this game is not morrowind, oblivion, or skyrim. It is an mmo. But if still FEELS like an elder scrolls game.I've been playing this game entireley in first person view, and it is phenomenal. I've grouped with other players, talked with people in the chat. The player base seems fantastic so far and the cooperative experience was fantastic as well. The lore is intense in this game compared to the others. They constantly throw lore at you and it makes for a very immersive experience.Staffs also, they are awesome. I thought I was going to use a bow in this game until I picked up and used my first staff. And I just about reopened the wound I just had surgery on when I saw someone summon a storm atronach (It was ♥♥♥♥ing glorious).Overall, the game is worth 60 bucks. I would not pay a subscription monthly to play it, but it is without a doubt worth its full price. ESPECIALLY, if you've got friends you want to play in within the elder scrolls realm. That's what it's all about after all, otherwise it would've been another singleplayer game."
,Recommended,306130,19521928,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Rasori,"The only MMO I've ever enjoyed so far, and finally one that's not Menus: The Videogame.I have a GTX 770, i7 4770k 3.4ghz and 8 gigs of RAM running Win 7 and it runs really well. In the cities and towns, it can vary anywhere from 45-60fps depending on what's going on around you, and when you're outside or going through caves it's a constant 60fps so that's cool.Also this game is beautiful to look at it, I can't go 30 minutes without taking a screenshot of something. There are a few textures that aren't as good looking, but alot of the time, it looks amazing.Is this game like Skyrim? well it is and it isn't. At it's core it's an MMO and you should always know that first going into this. So if you've seen other MMO's that's pretty much what this is. Having said that, it's the Skyrim part of it that makes it stand out. You can go into 1st and 3rd person at any time, You can choose what you want to wield at any time, (1 Sword, Axe and Shield, 2 Swords, Ice Staff etc) The overall UI is very Skyrim, Combat is like Skyrim but still feels like an MMO, And it's overall just easier to understand and less complicated than other MMO's.Be aware that it's going to take a while for you to download the game depending on your connection. The download size on Steam is fairly big but after that you'll need to download the many patches and other things needed to play. Also make an Elder Scrolls Online account while all this is happening to save some time after it's done."
,Recommended,306130,21357169,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Lucienbob,"amazing, loved the graphics, the wepons, the charactors/enemies design, and just an outstanding gamethe lag is'nt awlful, the AI is great, but the loot sytem is'nt quite like the on from skyrim, but its fair i guess dont want to many OP players running around"
,Recommended,306130,33757693,Posted: 23 July,all,Zurbach,"Not an ESO game by nature. We asked for it, and it's actually quite fun. Not identical to other MMO's, but an avid MMO player will see similarities, especially to other styles. It is set in the ES universe quite well, and people who have been with the series a long time will enjoy the ""prequel-ey"" references (it is set a few thousand years before Skyrim, and before all other games back to Arena). Someone who enjoys the games for their singleplayer will not like ESO, but they will be able to play it without fully embracing the MMO side. I hate clans and I can trade and sell just fine by skirting along in them. I hate it when people tell me what to do, so I pretend I am from Mexico and cannot understand english or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's fun, but not to the point where I would call it a true Bethesda or ESO title. What can you say, it's an MMO.7/10 - Prettyness4/10 - Optimization (top tier rig, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CPU dependency, while only using one core)5/10 - Quests, literally need to skip dialogue or I get bored.8/10 - Memes (just scream pepe or some♥♥♥♥♥♥in zone chat, trust me)5/10 - Bots, rare(er), but they exist. Just acknowledge it and move on. It's like the mods forgot how to ban stuff (used video evidence for reporting on forums)1/10 - This review, it's a bad review and I am drunk leave me alone"
76561198036208548,Recommended,306130,33775551,Posted: 24 July,all,ARRTY,"Different than Rift, WOW or all the other type that perform the same thing over and over again, kill this than kill something bigger. Cost of expansion alittle pricey and with crowns used to buy certain things like the new merchant or banker that is alittle step considering 50.00 when the game itself has dropped to 39.99 on steam. Heck you can become a vampire or werewolf alot cheaper at 15.00. They need to drop some of the prices for in game alittle to make it more affordable."
,Recommended,306130,22247089,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Digidydogster,Oblivion is better
,Recommended,306130,30577629,Posted: 17 March,all,On God,Fun But Not Skyrim Be Careful M8
76561198310908789,Recommended,306130,29913937,Posted: 13 February,all,Iced Americano,pros-great community-huge open world-plenty of quests-many monsters-pvp and pve-alliance warscons-bugs-gold is hard to get-people with plus have an unfair advantage-steam has made this game really hard to play
,Recommended,306130,25720832,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Jack IX,"I know I've only played like 19 hours on the PC version, I have way more hours on PS4.PROS:-Beautiful Designed World-Night/Day Cycle-Weather-Mass Amount Of Quests-Microtransactions Are Mainly Cosmetic-Good Combat System (NOT TURNED BASED)-Amazing Soundtrack-NOT PAY TO WIN-First And Third Person View-PVP Is Fun-NO PAID SUBSCRIPTIONCONS:-Character Creator Isn't The Best-Few BugsI'll give it a 9/10Best MMO I've played ^_^"
,Recommended,306130,35311828,Posted: 29 September,all,Le HippieVibe,"A greatMMORPGin general, fans of TES would love the lore and vast amount of content that this game offers. The game takes place during 2E 582, around the time when Tiber Septim arised and unified Tamriel. Remember that this isn't a singleplayer masterpiece, so don't expect the zones/areas to be massive or bigger like other TES games.Pros>Beautiful textures for an MMO>Godly music>Decent DLC content>Decent characters>Micro-transactions are mostly cosmetic>No monthly subscription needed anymore>There is always something to do>Amazing lore, especially for TES fansCons-Takes up more than 80GB of HDD storage-Inventory space feels very limited at first-PvP basically isn't an option at the beginning, you'll get murdered-RNG based loot-Has a ""learning curve"" when it comes to the whole scheme of the game. This is because of (unfortunately) obscured gameplay mechanics and (fortunately) rich combinations of skills and gear.Preferably, buy this game when it's on sale.DON'Tcommit the mistake of buying everything on regular price like some others have done. (I bought the game for $10)Also, it kinda makes you feel some similar vibes to ""Overlord"", the anime. Topkek, but it is still a nice little bonus if you've seen it.7.7/10 - would join a 420 guild again"
,Recommended,306130,31086675,Posted: 11 April,all,✗ brokeNCYDE,"Great game.Bought Tamriel Unlimited 3 days ago before sale, would waste 30euros again 10/10"
,Recommended,306130,34699292,Posted: 2 September,all,BOONBOON-CHAAAAAAAN,Like World Of Warcraft but good
76561198052267053,Recommended,306130,30287545,Posted: 2 March,all,Teala,"OK first off this game was not even on my radar as a viable MMORPG.  I played the initial beta and was not impressed.  I was so dissappointed I thought nothing could save this game.  During beta they announced some wierd rules regarding alliances and races and that players would be limited to where they could go. This of course turned me off even more.  So I just never gave this game a thought again.  Then one of my brothers told me to I should give it another shot that this is not the same game it was back in beta.  So I bought the Gold Edition and started playing.  Holy Skyrim Batman - this game plays more like Skyrim than it ever did in beta.  It is an open world - go anywhere - explore anything.  Classes are more open.  Game has taken much of what made Skyrim such a great game and ported it to online game play.Graphics are beautiful.  Just awesome.  Cannot wait to see more of Tamriel and of course the up coming expansion Morrowwind.  :)Seriously, if you think this is the same game it was at release - you'd be wrong like I was.  This is not the same ESO from 3 years ago.  This is 100 times better than that game and worth the price now.  One of the best MMO's I've played in ages.   I totally recommend it."
76561198043178706,Recommended,306130,30273932,Posted: 1 March,all,eighty8keys,"I would first like to say that I have played WoW off and on for years (usually for new expansions until the late expac lull.)   I enjoyed playing TES:Oblivion and Skyrim on consoles.  Recently I began playing ESO (about 70 hrs in).  For me, this has been a very natural transition blending elements I love from both WoW and TES.From a single-player perspective, there is plenty of opportunity to play through the leveling experience.  The storylines are rich and engaging.  I find myself looking forward to learning more of the story of Tamriel and its inhabitants.This is indeed a MMO, as well.  There are countless times i have stumbled into multiplayer situations seamlessly through my journey.  Anchors and the like provide a quick way to join fellow players in a quick PVE battle.  Dungeons provide a rewarding instance for a longer engaging grouped experience.I have not yet participated in PVP battles and may have to revist this down the road.  I'm sure you can find many reviews regarding PVP.  For now I am eagerly awaiting the upcoming Morrowind expansion, and I'll see you in Tamriel!"
,Recommended,306130,30846571,Posted: 30 March,all,Charmbracelet,"After all, ESO came a long way and it turned out to be a really good game after all. It has improved a lot after it's terrible launch and even if I had never experienced the launch of the game, I'm happy to play it now active. It is an epic experience and it feels so much like an Elder Scrolls game now. I have so much fun doing my quests and you feel the love the developers put into the game, honestly. I couldn't be happier in an MMO as I am now. And I come frome WoW. Here, in this game you are very busy and you even have fun to be it.  I would recommended for any MMO player and any Elder Scrolls fan. Much love and always support. <3"
76561197997124751,Recommended,306130,28105727,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dat Pineapple,"Combat is a blast, dungeons are fun, one of the best MMO's out there right now!"
,Recommended,306130,35266527,Posted: 28 September,all,LukeTheFisher,"Approach it like an MMO, and not like an Elder Scrolls game, and you'll find a unique experience that's great for solo play or groups."
76561198144158495,Recommended,306130,26725509,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,LMonty10,Decent MMO definitely better than some I've played!
,Recommended,306130,29324436,Posted: 17 January,all,EmperorV,"Definetely big improvements from the early stages of development. It's quite a nice RPG and if all the dungeons will be free (as they should be) and you won't see that much of a difference between the subscription user and the ""free"" user, I would really, really recomment this game as one of the best MMORPGs out there. But as it is now, for me, a person that bought only the game, with no DLCs and no subscription, it's just an incomplete RPG that has loads of potential but was given to a company that's just milking it. (Why Bethesda, why ?)So, is this game bad ? Not really, but you should keep in mind that you need DLCs to unlock the whole ♥♥♥♥ing map and one DLC costs around 15 Euros so there's like 75 bucks to unlock the whole map, and all the storylines which feel like they should be ALREADY THERE ! There's a lot of good parts to it as well, like for example the complex combat system which allows each class to be good in their own way.I could go all day about the awesome world and exploration systems but that would just kill my previous point, and I will give this game a positive review even if it needs free DLCs more than anything else."
76561198079758720,Recommended,306130,15725273,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,-TST-Vergan,Pretty awesome!
,Recommended,306130,15729914,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Gromti,"I played Skyrim a LOT, the Elder Scrolls Online® took a little while to adjust to but it was well worth the effort. The map is Enormous! There's a plethora of characters to choose from and it's ONLINE!! so you can get your mates to help you out when you're stuck. I highly recommend this game."
76561198090466546,Recommended,306130,16247700,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Pitt_bear,"ive always been a fan of bethesdas work, ive always told people the one day theyll make the perfect mmorpg, and i honestly belive this is that game, ive only just started but im just hooked, i can see this easily beating my 1000hr count on fallout new vegas, a definite need for your collection of amazing games!"
76561198106051803,Recommended,306130,16815087,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,P_Foot,"Very fun game, the absolute least amount of micro transactions possible in an MMORPG"
76561198219007040,Recommended,306130,17680137,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Gammeck44,"Say goodbye to your friends and family, ESO is great. I am not a big MMO player, I loved skyrim and oblivion. I played those two games until the cd broke and I had to buy myself new ones. ESO is my new addiction, I have most likely gained weight while playing and my chair has conformed to my body.I believe its high time for the people of Tamriel to get their crap together. I can't walk around any new town for five minutes without people begging me to go on long desolate quests for them. I mean seriously? Why can't you help yourself? I have done hundreds of quests so far and can't believe that these people are so needy.This is a great game, it took forever to download but it was very well worth it."
76561198031120067,Recommended,306130,18167849,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Bear Force One,Much Improved but still waiting for controller support :(
,Recommended,306130,21855843,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Lewisdc,"<Rant>I am not going to lieI am not going to exaggerateThis is the Greatest game I have ever played.I have always loved MMORPGs. I have played WoW, archeage and a few others, whilst they all had good pointsand bad points this game has EVERYTHING.Pros:Interesting NPCs, all fully voiced with FEELING. The voice actors don't feel bored*cough* Peter the boring ghost out of destiny *cough*Skill system makes leveling up more than just a *ding*- I have spent more time than I like to admitjust thinking over whatto put my next point into. *NOTE: be careful, once you put a point in, it costs a lot of gold to get it out apparentlyThe worlds HUGE!Well duh Lewis its an elder scrolls game what did you think it would be? No voice in my head,I mean more than that- skyrim, morrowind, daggerfall, they felt empty, this game has quests,things to find, items to pick up, runes to collect (more on that later) and much, much more at everyturnThis ones more hards to explain. You know that feeling when in Skyrim you heard the theme and you felt epic?When I'm riding down the road on my horse listening to the music, (for more on my horse see cons) that feelingoccurs, RIDING BETWEEN TOWNS FEELS EPIC a.k.a exactly what a game like this should doMusic is awesome and meaningful without breaking emersion*Sigh* Its time for...Cons:£70 for the ""real"" version??? I bought imperial addition because of two things: ""Horses are apparently super expensive"" and well since theres only one dlc for the game I may as well. It is worth it, especially if you plan on playing with friends due to the ""scrolls of mara"" which gives you a 10% exp bonus and has a hilarious animation that left me and my friend in stitches (SPOILER ALERT: sparkles come out your bum as you essentially marry them). Anyways back to my original point...There is nearly £30s MORE dlc in this game AFTER the imperial addition. I'll be honest I don't really mind that. I wouldn't mind if there was £50 more dlc that adds content into the game but instead the crown store (which is generally not to pay to win) allows you to buy the ""adventure's pack"". This pack allows you to be ANY RACE in ANY alliance. Forcing my friends to be either a Redguard, Orc or Brenton was horrible, my friend bought the game so he could play with me, his words: ""I can't wair to be a kajit like I was in skyrim"", being the understanding fellow he is he picked Orc without a fuss-RACE BOUND PAY WALLS SUCK!Also optional subscription which gives you DLC for free, cosmetic items and 10% bonus to everything, theres literally a list of which includes EXP, research times, wiping your♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing your mum, etc, etc. Ok, I'll be honest this games way of keeping the game supported is actually the best system out there with possible the exception of Wow except this game has no sub! :D Not pay to win at all, mostly cosmetic with a few ""get there faster"" style thing (e.g. pay £5 to do this, this or this or spend a few hours doing quests).To sum up my first con, Money system GOOD not crap like certain other games that come to mind *cough* archeage *cough*Graphics are ok on ultra if you can run it, one of the best for an MMO. Graphics good enough for things to look cool, not good enough for me to cry whilst looking directly at it.Now this one bugs me the most: random frame drops after playing for a while.PRO TIP: Use the 64 bit version of the game, in files it's called ESO64.exe more or less solved the problem however only use this method if your PC has more than  4GBs of RAM. I'm not gonna start explaining 32 bit vs 64 bit so google it :PIn Conclusion Or TL;DR:BUY THE GAME AND YOU WILL BECOME ADDICTED FASTER THAN YOU CAN FUS RO DAH... but only get it in the sales when its 50% off like it did ;)Time to go play more ESO...</Rant>"
,Recommended,306130,16900137,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,SkrotN,"I've played the game in 2 weeks now and i love it, i'm not good in making reviews but the fact that i've played the game for 164 hours in 2 weeks should speak for itself right? so i would say it's totally worth a buy. 10/10 in my opinion but it's still for you to decide, right?"
76561198003972030,Recommended,306130,31895563,Posted: 21 May,all,Core,This game is awesome. been playing it non stop
,Recommended,306130,31180394,Posted: 16 April,all,Cole,"This game has slowly become one of my all-time favorite MMO-RPGsIt has great mechanics, and the grinding is fun."
76561198102139823,Recommended,306130,30061268,Posted: 20 February,all,Rouge,gr8 m8
76561198218997537,Recommended,306130,23870485,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mr_MyParentsaredead,good game
,Recommended,306130,34718927,Posted: 3 September,all,OGSavage,gay
,Recommended,306130,33461375,Posted: 11 July,all,Sane-sensei,"ESO is the best MMO I have ever played. It has lots of different kind of quests, NPC, monsters, animals etc. If you get bored you can always go to decorate your home or go fishing. You can craft your own weapons, furnitures, armors, shields, make potions and cook food. Best part is that you can pretty much steal everything you see and also assassinate almost every NPC if you want. It's a game where you can do pretty much anything you want. Dungeons and some boss fights might give you a problem if you play solo, but there's always peoples who want to make a party with you."
,Recommended,306130,28124755,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,𝓶𝒆𝓻𝓬𝔂,Easier World Of WarcraftJust started but still gr8 but i couldnt find sweetrolls yetso 9/11
,Recommended,306130,19426696,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,- ̗̀C12 ̖́-,"I think it's safe to say I'm addicted, haven't even had the game that long."
76561198088309677,Recommended,306130,23851854,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Homophobic Homosexual Homosapien,"Okay, i have played it and i got to say... this game is just... I don't know whether to say whether this is a good game or not. The price is outraging, the enemies barely drp any gold, you need to pay IRL money to play as imperial, the horses cost up to 17K gold, 42K gold for a decent one... Fast traveling no lnoger exists, some call it an upgrade, some call it a downgrade. Ihate that feature. Because it takes so long to get from point A to point B, that it can be called a walking simulator. The storyline is verry tedious and dull. And why it takes forever to finish is because we gotta level up 5 tiems before you can do another quest. The thieves guild, and dark brotherhood have been stripped from the game and we gotta pay IRL money to play as them, we need to pay IRL money for passage to orsinium. Like 1/6th of each province is actually  present in the game. But! There is a good side, the graphics and music are pretty great. (And those who say ""It's passable"" they fail to realise this game was made in 2014!) The game can be played more or less like skyrim, just don't use the abilities that any standard MMO gives you. Now, the storyline, that is the main storyline, so stopping coldharbor is verry tedious, the actual faction storyline and the side quests are great! I also did say that only a few parts of the place is present in game, that is true yes... but, considering the fact that all of cyrodil, some chunks of the regions are there, which makes it 160+ hours of content. The community is pretty nice, except for the high level people that kill lower level people (quite common in all MMO's really.)  Now, some stuff i could go either way on. You only get 3 races per faction. So for aldmeri dominion, you can only have khajit, wood elf, and high elf. On one side, it limits you to 3 races per faction, on the other side, it's for roleplaying purposes (like i mean, what the hell would an orc be doing in the aldmeri dominion?) And yeah... that's kind of all i can think of... i give it a B-, i recomend this game if it's on sale, and ONLY if you liked skyrim, and all the other previous games, and ONLY if you are a hardcore, die hard, fan of elder scrolls, but deep down, you will feel like it's not an elder scrolls game at all, but if you meet the conditions, you will be able totolerate this game. So yeah, get it ONLY if it's on sale, otherwise, never bother with this game... EVER!"
76561198099119333,Recommended,306130,30357071,Posted: 6 March,all,shelby9d,"So much to do, it's almost confusing lol. I have finished the Main quest, my home alliance quests and all the side quests in each area plus The thieves guild, Dark Brotherhood and Orsinium DLC with just about every quest including side quests and all achievments. That has me at 425 hrs as of today. That is just crazy. I still have some tedious achievments and small side quests to do for a total 100% completetion of these areas but I'd say I'm at around 95%. I haven't even touched the PVP stuff yet. I have all of Cyrodil and the Emperial City stuff to do still! Plus there are 2 more DLC's that you don't get with this package that you need to buy... and the Morrowind DLC is coming out in like 2 months, jeezzzzzzzzz. Plus there is the fact that I could play through the other 2 alliances completely since I finished my home one! That is some SERIOUS CONTENT they dished out for this game. Feels like I will never be done haha. I never played an MMORPG before and generally dislike playing online with other people as I like to move at my own pace and not have to compete with others but this game is great, the only time you ever need other people is to do certain dungeons or certain bosses and its easy to find a group of people by just hanging out at the spot and waiting for others to show up. I highly reccomend this game whether you are just into The ELDER SCROLL single players or MMORPG's as they have made it so you can pretty much fit any style of gamer in here and they will like it. Well worth the money."
76561198051026724,Recommended,306130,34752080,Posted: 5 September,all,Villi Metsästys,"If you are a fan of the Elder Scrolls series or WOW than this MMORPG is for you.It's a lot like WOW but not, (not very descriptive) and you're able to do First Person.Go around Tamriel as any character from the series, go through most of the lands and all the areas from the main series. Even Vvardenfell with the new Morrowind DLC.Take part in PvP or PvE and show off all your weapons, pets, armor, mounts, and magic"
,Recommended,306130,31535775,Posted: 3 May,all,Chii,"Truthfully I was a little concerned to purchase this game when I first saw the reviews for it. However once it went on sale during a week-long free period, I decided to give it a try.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that I actually genuinely enjoyed the game.  The crafting system, dungeon delving, and exploring is a genuine pleasure to partake in.  The difficulty and level scaling in the game is unlike a regular MMO as well, as damage is scaled depending on your item to your level,  not purely by level.Granted this isn't for everyone, but as a player who enjoys playing solo in addition to (sometimes) playing with friends, ESO offers a good balance between the two.  Overall pleased with the game, and I still have tons to discover, including all the DLCs :)  I look forward to the Morrowind expansion."
76561198077651994,Recommended,306130,32530213,Posted: 18 June,all,BlueCyanide,Major Addiction WarningWill want to come back for more and more and never stop playing.Can play for days without ever stopping while you soak in your own filth...Near ending amounts of quests for an easy 1000+ hours of playtime totalConstant nights playing for 7+ hours easily and not having the slightest want to get off.Having to force yourself to stop playing the game to do what must be done in the real world.I'm not even in a guild or do anything group wise and I still have endless amounts of enjoyment.There is always something to do regardless of how far in the game you are.This must be what they warn you about in World of Warcraft.
76561198026213749,Not Recommended,306130,33529334,Posted: 13 July,all,neyzen1010,"Guys, it's not about the game but customer support. It's a very tricky organization and you may regret buying the game because they are trying hard to make customers feel stupid(because they are trying really hard to milk the customers with many baits.)I advice you to be careful  about what is included in the package and what you want. It's very possible you pay more than what you need to pay for what you want. For example, do not buy eso gold if you plan to subscribe with eso+. Another example:you want to play imperial race to be able to tank better? it's not included in dlc called imperial city.Check on customer complaints on this product(not the game itself but customer relations) before purchase of the product."
76561198418704681,Recommended,306130,35306898,Posted: 29 September,all,BEELZEBOSS,"its good, so far, I liked Skyrim better though."
,Recommended,306130,24355614,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Brainz,"I was a bit wary when I first bought the game again. I had heard stories that the game wasn't the best and I was around when it first launched and saw how poorly optimised it was. But it has changed entirely. This game is so greatas it is now and if you are thinking of giving it a try then I definietly suggest you do. Its worth the money especially if you can find it on sale. It feels just like the good old Elder Scrolls games, especially Oblivion. Tons of story line to keep you interested for hours to come. I have only owned the game for about 3 weeks and have already logged about 130 hours in and Im not even halfway through the main quest on any of my three characters let alone even started the DLCs. The graphics are amazing if your computer can handle it and if your computer can not you can lower them a lot and still play the game with little lag. And there are great RP communities all around the world if you can find them. All in all it is a great game and worth the money."
76561198089841883,Recommended,306130,24487389,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,嗨浣熊,Pretty fun MMORPG all around. just don't expect Skyrim Online.
,Recommended,306130,25174278,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Blue Arrow,"TES Online got a lot of mixed reception when it came out. Fortunitely, the developers have been doing a decent job of listening to the community and making changes. They've come a long way since their launch.The gameplay and mechanics are pretty easy to pick up. You also have freedom when it comes to roles you want to play. If you can have a role as a tank, but  if you want you can also train to be a healer as well. In this regard it's somewhat similar to the TES games. You have the ability to try different types of gameplay. The only steadfast attributes are some of the perks of your race. Some races will have perks that make them a bit better in some roles than others. The Imperials, for example, lend themselves to sword and shield combat.There are some people who don't really like these mechanics. Generally the critisism (from what I've seen) is that there aren't well defined roles and each character is too much like the others. I guess it's a matter of preference.When they made the subscription optional there was concern that it would go the way of F2P. or ""pay to win"". Fortunitely that hasn't bene the case. You pay for the game, DLC, and some other mostly cosmetic things. The closest thing to pay-to-win would be getting the monthly subscription, as you get a bit of a bonus to xp gained. The subscription also gets you access to all the DLC while you have it. There's also the Imperial pack that give you the ability to play as an Imperial character, plus some extras like a mount (horse). Otherwise everything is obtainable in the game. You can buy the base game and play that for a long time before diving into DLC content.ESO has some characteristics that are common for MMOs. There are some uninteresting quests and the ocasional grinding. To help with that you can go anywhere in the world, even if you're a low level character and the area is meant for people thirty levels higher. You have the freedom to make your own way without having to do a lot of useless stuff just to move on to the next area. The story is pretty interesting if you are interested in the lore of TES. You could ignore most of it if you really wanted.TES draws on the lore established in the other games. If you're someone who likes learning about the TES world and what history and secrets it has to hide you'll very much like what TES has to offer. On the same token, if you're not familiar with TES lore or don't care that much then you don't have to follow TES lore to play the game.The graphics and controls are pretty good. It's among one of the nicer looking MMOs, and as long as you have a dedicated GPU you should be able to play it. TES Online can scale depending on your hardware. The controls are pretty similar to the other TES games, like Skyrim or Oblivion. On the audio side, it's solid. There is a lot of voice-over lines, which is welcomed and helps with immersion.While TES Online is similar in gameplay to the other TES games, it is different. If you are expecting 'Skyrim Online' you probably will not get what you expect. If you feel it doesn't meet your expectations in that way I recommend playing a few hours so you can get a feel for the game.Edit: Some people have noted the large disk usage. This, unfortunitely, is true. This is especially true if you haven't updated in a long time. Even with a fast connection it can take a long time to download then apply 13 GB. Fortunitely, updates this large aren't all that common. From what I recall it's mostly when major additions to the game are released, like one of the DLCs.TLDR: It is an overall good MMO with good lore, gameplay, audio, and visuals that TES fans will especially like. If you are new to TES lore it's still an easy game to pick up. You do have to pay to get it and the DLC, but there is no subscription fee. It is also not pay to win game, like some F2P MMOs are."
76561198168666164,Recommended,306130,24484347,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Deziris,Muito boooom
76561198221452748,Recommended,306130,25081152,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Krassus,Haven't played much but its a good game so far
76561198068602755,Recommended,306130,25293857,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Ol Saint Nick,"Very good, and constantly improving."
,Recommended,306130,25330900,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,MarioAda,"Great game, enough said."
,Recommended,306130,25403225,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,wintermute,"A decent, casual MMO with a unique (but limited) combat model. Well worth it for wasting time between other games."
76561198117501721,Recommended,306130,25431892,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,NightBlade278,Thumbs up
76561198095417752,Recommended,306130,25476922,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,rekoJ,the best RPG game that ive ever played~ loving the system and the gameplay.but what i want ESO to improve is that they need to do more advertisment and to keep the hype going.
,Recommended,306130,24385975,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,stormiesttub,"When i sold my xbox i told my self i was not going to rebuy this game on pc.........well sold my xbox rebought eso on pc..............its great solid mmo that at times feels endless, and thats what matters u may think u cleared an aera go back a few levels later and BAM! u find some more random quests with good loot, and the updates and dlc just keep making this game better and betterI highly recommend this game for anyone who loves mmos this may be the last MMO anyone may ever need"
76561198309219946,Recommended,306130,24729875,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,The Bland Inquisitor,"Story is good. Even side ones. Questing can be a slog, but again overall story is great. PVP is where this game really shines. Really dynamic and you feel like you are really in an army when grouped. Pretty friendly player base as well. Similar to WoW but requires way more skill. All in all a neat game and a good bridge between main elder scroll games. The game itself is set as a prequel and before most of the previous games. Neat lore worth looking into. 3.75/5"
,Recommended,306130,25068854,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Rohgin,"Really loving it so far, I don't understand the complaints, it's a solid game.Got me intrigued from the very beginning, liked the tutorial got me into the game very quickly.I like the aspects of a singleplayer game which have been integrated into an MMO.Sometimes I do feel like it's a little buggy but not gamebreaking or anything. Also considering the game not being subscription based makes it easily one of the best MMO's out there.I would recommend this game to anyone, also if you're hesitating to buy this game, just don't."
,Recommended,306130,24522131,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Unknown,Best game I`ve ever played!( Played much longer than steam tells )
,Recommended,306130,24950866,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,VAC-ED mendokusaii,ThisGameIsMother♥♥♥♥ingAWESOMESTRPGOFALLMOTHER♥♥♥♥INGTIME!!!!!!!!!!
76561198157033589,Recommended,306130,23848795,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Whats in the pocketloy,"buys gamestarts to install gamewaits three hoursgame still has 8 hours left to downloadplays darksouls 3 on ps4beats darksouls 3checks download15 hours leftkills selfgets resurrected by godchecks downloaddownload says ""you do not have enough disk space to install"""
76561198277911276,Recommended,306130,24436750,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,vimp,"Much improved since launch, despite a dumbed down tutorial. I have an annoying framerate drop issue that mysteriously goes away if I restart every so often, except I most likely wont pull myself away because im too busy hearing myself think ""I'm having so much fun"" on a regular basis.MMO bittervet ive played everything at least twiceGive this a chance and you'll get value from itI recommend the sub option for the craft bag perk"
,Recommended,306130,25124090,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Daemonforce,totally enjoying this game as come from xbox one and ps4 to pc and decided to start on this from scratch playing this on hi ultra maxed out looks stunning plays so much fluid on pc then console versions i have played i absolutly recomend this game and the added advantage of using addons like minimap and xp bars ect make this game better and fun :)
,Recommended,306130,27856763,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Solemn Strike x 3 Playing Fifa18,Gud Yus
,Recommended,306130,28026956,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WKD,By far the greatest MMO I've ever played. Absolutely love it.
,Recommended,306130,19327874,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Nyromath,"I just don't understand it. Why on Earth do people think like this? It's just so stupid I can't believe it. How could an Elder Scrolls fan hate this game?Ok, so you know how this game got really bad reviews and basically every Elder Scrolls fan who got excited over it because it was multiplayer and stuff decided that they didn't want it anymore? Well guess what: Those reviews were for the beta. The original ESO was crap. It deserved the reviews. But ESO: Tamriel Unlimited changed ALL of that. The game breaking bugs were taken away, more quests were added, more areas were added and it just overall made the game a whole lot better. For a true Elder Scrolls fan, this game is really easy to enjoy if you just do the following things...1. Do NOT think of it as an Elder Scrolls game going in. Pretend this is just another MMO that happens to be made by the company that made the Elder Scrolls series and set it in Tamriel, let you choose between the Elder Scrolls races, and put in some familiar Elder Scrolls characters. If you come in expecting an MMO, you will think it is a GREAT MMO. If you come in expecting an Elder Scrolls game, you'll think it is a pretty bad Elder Scrolls game. I did this, and in my mind, it's a damn good game.2. Try everything. This game has so much to offer that to pass it up would be a waste. The bad thing about the other Elder Scrolls games is that it's set mainly in one province, meaning that all there is to do is the Main Story, the Guild Quests and the Side Quests. Sure, the questlines are usually quite time consuming and enjoyable and there are a TON of Side Quests. But you can easily do everything the game has to offer with one character, then put the game to rest until you forget everything about it and find it in a cupboard twenty years later (just kidding). ESO is not like that. It is almost impossible (if not literally impossible) to do everything with one character. You need at least three characters (one in each alliance) to do everything. Even then, it still takes WAY longer than any other Elder Scrolls game. So, get a week's worth of food and water ready at your side, make sure a toilet is near and play until your brain hurts (then take a jog or a nice long bush walk or something. You want to make sure you look as fit as your awesome muscley character.) then repeat!3. Mostly pay attention to number one. That one's the most importantand lastly 4. Pay attention to number three as well. Number two's kinda important but it's number one that's the biggest thing.Wow, this review is long. I should probably just hit the recommended button and start PLAYING THIS AWESOME GAME UNTIL MY GAME EXPLODES!!!Not really. That would be bad."
,Recommended,306130,23834882,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Wulfharth,greatest mmorpg of all time/10
,Recommended,306130,29817885,Posted: 9 February,all,[TGOV] Ranger Alendar,first 10 minutes of eso>made khajiit masterrace>robbed a dude>got a bounty>refused to pay it and ran>got called filth and killedgg 8/8 would r8 again m8send help i'm typing this from Riften
76561198056744465,Recommended,306130,16724561,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,SAD_BOI_˙ ͜ʟ˙,dank AF is you know what to expect from it
,Recommended,306130,16711674,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Srgt. Downs,"10/10, I can now roleplay my fantasy of being a nord Butt-bandit (a.s.s is censored for some reason) now. Thanks ESO."
76561198012790449,Recommended,306130,21113288,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mack94,Better than skyrim.
,Recommended,306130,22818908,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Nemesis,"After trying multiple mmorpgs lately, ESO is the one that has hooked me in! Love it!"
,Recommended,306130,16693840,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,aug3,"I honestly have had some of the most fun (in a video game) with this. You will want friends to play with, and if you are having IRL friends join in, you may want to choose different classes. There are definitely some problems, but it is very fun.+The 3 Alliances War idea is very cool+The Crafting is more fun than Skyrim IMO+Very interesting for an MMO with the different POV+Cool PvP system+Skill Skystem is very cool with skyshards to help+Most quests are pretty cool+Dungeons are great-No dueling-No changing slight features of your character-No housing (would just be cool)-No assassinations-Some quests are very repetitive-Leveling is not easy w/o doing questsAround lvl 25 and want a NightBlade in Ebonhart? My name is TCE.Augie"
76561198178679766,Recommended,306130,16491584,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,vous êtes merde,"having an absolute blast with this game! Love all of my favourite lore from previous games like skyrim and oblivion, mixed with the new multiplayer gameplay! My friend and I have been progressing through the game together and we're having a blast! definitely recommend :)"
76561198101269167,Recommended,306130,15108956,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jolly Green Giant,"Elder Scrolls online.... Alright first off, this is not Skyrim. I know what we all expected was for a multiplayer skyrim. Yes, i was ideed a little sad about the outcome. The grafics are by no mean what Skyrim's were and the content can be confusing. however, if you're looking for a fun MMO, or a great game to play with friends, then this is your game! It's very fun, a little slow starting, but fun nonetheless. I would encourage you to buy it if you're a fan of MMO's and fantasy, but i reassure you that you're not buying Skyrim or any of the previous games. I personally hope that in the next game they will go back to the single player we all love so much. Thanks, hope this helped!"
,Recommended,306130,15094399,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Psychosis,"I dont play this game on steam so my hours arent displayed. Ever since tamriel unlimited came out this game has become a one of a kind masterpeice. Fully voiced quests, interesting quests, amazing landscapes, and fun pvp. Overall this game was♥♥♥♥♥♥in open beta and on for a while but they really fixed it up and made it into a thing of beauty."
,Recommended,306130,16917302,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,my sons playing,"Skyrim MMO, with boundaries, but they dont matter. 10/10"
76561198057892045,Recommended,306130,15196612,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,nekkommc,
,Recommended,306130,23313207,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,darkchiller47,"when it first came out this game was filled with bugs and it had pretty bad gameplay, but now they fixed all of these bugs and improved the game play to bring back the old elder scrolls feel, by far one of the best mmorpgs i ever played, its so beautiful and its so fun to play with my brothers and bond over. its worth every single penny to get this game"
,Recommended,306130,19980600,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Violet Chachki,*sees TESO on sale**le hype**buys**waits for download**goes into game**spends 14.7 hours on one session**in love*Literally the best game ever
,Recommended,306130,13852258,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Rákkeltő,Going to try it but I liked Skyrim and I'll see what they did with this. :)
76561198140200258,Recommended,306130,13749298,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,GudgeonEmpire,When I Try To Play it it says Webget request failed i really wanna play it
76561198083127065,Recommended,306130,13772874,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,juster88,Good game few to many bugs
76561198162704486,Recommended,306130,21907671,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Motyogo,"Advantages:- the elder scrolls online has a much more dark themed ""mature"" world compared to other shiny hello kitty styled rainbow unicorn asian mmos.- nice grapich and wellmade lightning effects 10/10.- classes/skill lines are very variable wich results loads of good end game builds, technically u can be anything with a class, for example as a nightblade you can play an archer, rogue, 2h weapon berserker, spell caster or even tank.- crafting system is perfectly suited for lazy guys such as me becouse u can actually level professions simply by deconstruct the items wich drops from monster during adventuring.- thanks to the mega server system there are many people everywhere (but that doesnt cause you any inconvinience during questing)-the story is just awesome & has a huge deep lore behind everything. This is the first mmorpg game for me where I was not bored level up my character. I have never found leveling repeatitive and even the side quests are fairly entertaining.- you can actually become a vampire or a werewolf wich comes with it's unique skill line- as far as I see, the devs putting a lot effort to make new contents for the game. The Thiefes Guild DLC was just released and the Dark Brotherhood is already under motion wich is expectable at summer of this year.Disadvantages:-If you are not playing the game with ESO plus membership you will have to buy the existing DLC's to get access to new contents (fortunatly the DLCs are not too expansive)- wether you consider it as a disadvantage or not, things in this game could be very time consuming. For example every craftable set items has a requirement of some unlocked traits (traits are optional stats to a selected item during crafting). To unlock traits you need to research and researching takes more and more time with each unlocked trait on a selected item type (for example for the 6th trait on light chest armor takes 1 week to complete the trait research and the 9th takes 30 days)-if you don't want to spend real money in crown store then you will have to be patient with your riding skill becouse you can only spend 1 improvement point in every 20 hours at the stable. You can improve mount speed 0/60, mount capacity 0/60, and mount stamina 0/60 (if you spend 1 point every day this takes 180 days to completly finish improving your riding skills)Putting all the details together overall i still find this game very worthy of my time."
,Recommended,306130,21061202,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,El Pollo Loco,"Solid game all around even better with friends, had a boss fight that lasted 20 mins no joke, r8 20/10."
,Recommended,306130,14754815,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,SlayerWilliamX,Good game but a warning to anyone playing it on Steam: Never ever verify the files.I did so I could back it up to transfer the files to a new pc and it straight up deleted the game then started downloading again.
76561197981572497,Recommended,306130,15077823,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,wize1,"First Look: I have only been playing this game for 1 day. Lets start off with saying-- it looks and feels like the oblivion and skyrim games. The graphics, the soundtracks, the art; the feel. The combat isnt the same EXACTLY. It's more like a MMO version of combat. It's a little faster paced too. However the spells and animations are good. Combat works. I was surprised.Thus far I only have one great disappointment. The classes are not what I expected, especially supposing to be a elder scrolls game. I expected more options and freedom. Though, there is a sort of freedom. For example each class has skill lines you can follow. For example the templar can heal, do melee attacks, or magical attacks. That's pretty cool. You can even mix up your skills. I DO like that you can wear pretty much any armor and use any weapon you want. You just have to train it.I do want to say though, the UI and the program itself is smooth and easy! Everything is just simple and good. It loads good. I can even alt tab. I'm doing it now, lol. This game is reminescent of the older elder scroll games and I am liking it! Nostalgia. And it's online so you can play with your friends.You'll notice i'm speaking positively of it. Remember this is 1 day of play and my first look. As for the details I cannot speak on that matter.LETS NOT FORGET IT'S NO LONGER SUBSCRIPTION-BASED. I'm going to continue to play."
,Recommended,306130,15132666,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ausodevon,Love it
,Recommended,306130,15144644,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,gorodeckii,"The guards in Tamriel are too badass. Otherwise, good game."
76561198107797277,Recommended,306130,15221387,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,TheArchmage50,Great game!
76561198005706769,Recommended,306130,15225185,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Propaganda Panda (jake),Update 6 made this game playable and enjoyable
76561197999210357,Recommended,306130,15229986,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,<GrievedHellShock>,"As long as you aren't expecting Skyrim, this game does a pretty good job at delivering itself."
,Recommended,306130,15794400,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Angelus13AOV,"Definitely one of the best MMOs I've played in years. Over the years I have played more than 10 different MMOs & The Elder Scrolls Online ranks up there as one of the most fun. Nice, beautiful open world, pretty character models, relaxing music, fun combat, & voice acting so you don't have to only read walls of text. The game is truly pay to play because once you buy the game you never have to buy anything from the in-game store in order to play the game. The in-game store really only provides you with mounts, armor skins, & XP boosters for the most part. But none of them are required to play the game. Bag upgrades for example can be purchased with in-game currency for example. The only deal breaker for some people is that you need a real good rig in order to play it. I had to upgrade my processor from an i3 to an i5 just to be able to run it. But it's definitely worth it."
76561198156554155,Recommended,306130,15922924,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,HaTeFuLcRoW,"I don't understand people who complain about this game. Sure it may not be the be all end all of MMORPGs, but for anyone that is a fan of The Elder Scrolls series, this is a fix for the addiction. Skyrim is great, but now you get to experience the lore the rest of the games are built on."
76561198092045502,Recommended,306130,15980978,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ScratchMatch #Hacked,"This game is amazing with tons of things you can do. Adventuring across different lands, Party dungeons, raids with random people. One of the amazing features you can do in this game is to PvP. Guilds are a very cool feature too, you can go to your guild bank and take stuff that other guild members put in there, go into pvp with them and the amazing thing is that you can transform into a Werewolf or a Vampire. This game is definetely worth 60 USD."
76561198050246848,Recommended,306130,15232472,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Brillio,I've enjoyed this game so far hope it stays that way as I proceed
76561197990913215,Recommended,306130,13411923,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,deus tex-mex,this game was overhyped but it's a very cool MMO with amazing scenery. will make any elder scrolls player feel at home
,Recommended,306130,14531783,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Da1amus,"Can butt scoot across Tamriel. 42/10In all seriosness, this is a great game. The Imperial Edition is a rip-off though, save the $20 dollars for something else."
,Recommended,306130,15110680,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,kEn,"I am a huge Obblivion, Skyrim fan, the way spiderman beat the boss is just incredible!Nah srsly, just buy it! When youre in First person mod, it look like skyrim! third person more close to GW2 than skyrim, just by the way the character move, but STILL A GOOD GAME! nothang to say about it! B2P! thats it!"
,Recommended,306130,15147704,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Dwolfwood,"I'll keep this short. I bought the game  two weeks ago, and I'm loving it. It feels like another ES game with some obvious mechanics that come with being a MMO. I'm glad I waited to buy the game, but I am so happy I did finally buy it!"
,Recommended,306130,15745653,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Clan Moonglorious,"This game has got to be the most under rated game based on the reviews it was given. I watched a lot of YouTube videos on this game before I bought it and I mean A LOT. When I first started playing this game I instantly felt like I was in an Elder Scrolls game. While in 1st person view you really get the feel of the classic Skyrim. Lots to loot, lots of detail, and all in all just a beautiful game. The only thing I can say bad about this game is the fighting in 1st person view can be somewhat a pain to dodge stuff sometimes but that's where the 3rd person view comes in. That's how I play the game and I find it so much fun. There is soooo much to do. Crafting, questing, dungeons, and PVP.  I have not played in PVP at all yet but if it's anything like the game play it has to be good. Anyone thinking of buying this game I would say do it. There is not subscription fee anymore and there is a store to buy some cool things like mounts, gear, pets and booster items. I give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,306130,15840959,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,DeeVu,"It's official. I love the game. TESO has gone through many shifts in gameplay over the last year, and with Tamriel Unlimited they have hit the mark. Between crafting, exploration, and combat there are so many mechanics that are just quintessential to Elder Scrolls. The only thing I recommend people do before purchasing is realize that this is an MMO! You cannot expect the same level of immersion, but you can feel how awesome the game is if you take the genre into account. Last, I know many people are curious whether it is pay to win at this point because of the in game cash shop. Not at all, the only slightly unfair point of the shop is that you can purchase a mount ahead of time. Something you can still purchase in the game. The shop provides no other advantages among players. Definitely recommend this purchase if you are an Elder Scrolls fan."
,Recommended,306130,15907440,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Jimamania,"I am enjoying it. The only thing bothering me about this game is that it crashed when I try to log in through steam, so it is not logging my hours (i have more than just the 2 hours). But other than the crashes this game is just beautiful to explore."
76561197993790634,Recommended,306130,14542342,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Visigoth,"What can I say? it's not perfect ""but what game is"" it's my all time favorite MMO... I've been playing sence it was in beta, and even tho I've quit playing once or twice I always come back."
,Recommended,306130,15078149,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Juice,"great game. came back a few months before B2P after leaving a few weeks after launch, and me and my friends are having a blast! Love the dungeons, the new systems, the PVP zone, and the questing!"
,Recommended,306130,30452009,Posted: 11 March,all,Nyx,"Runs suprisingly well and is full of quests and content, would reccomend"
,Recommended,306130,22591175,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Michael Morris,"This game is more than I asked for, and that is why I will always come back to it. To put it simply, it is beautiful and I love it dearly."
,Recommended,306130,15518405,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,jensik1.0,Best game ever :D
,Recommended,306130,31348626,Posted: 24 April,all,zinnia,"Great Lore.Meh combat.Nice interface.Not much uniqueness in questing.The graphics are subpar and most armor looks like it's just something painted on the skin.Overall. A nice mmo to play for the lore. Everything else? Meh, take it or leave it."
,Recommended,306130,31129498,Posted: 13 April,all,Peacauve,Yeah man.
,Recommended,306130,29609788,Posted: 31 January,all,Helena the Virtuous,"The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited™ - short TESO is often mistaken for an MMORPG. Which it is not.TESO is an RPG with social elements. Since the Tamrial One update the whole world scales with yourself - everything is available from the start, and everything is always on par with you. The whole game can - besides group dungeons and raids - be finished solo.There are, however, a lot of social sides. Crafting, Guilds, Guild Markets, soon to be implemented housing, all this plays a big role. Grouping up to beat a world boss or running dungeons with friends improves the game a lot.Leaving aside the mistake above, the game is simply great! Questing is a lot of fun and quite varied, you will have hundreds of hours to spend if you want to finish everything. THe dungeons are challenging, the crafting system is very nice and the endgame is incredibly varied! There is not ""best"" equipement to get, what you need soley depends on your build and what you aim to be. The incredibly high amount of skill points allows skilling more than just one ""role"".If there is any downside to be found, it's most probably the crown shop. Selling crafting motifs, mounts, pets, exp scrolls, style items [...] really takes away something. Your best choice is to get the DLC's you want in a sale and skip the rest of the things.(comparison: the game in gold edition in a sale - 20€. 1 Crafting motif - 40€)They even introduced case gambling recently... as if there werent enough of those on steam allready.The cashgrabbing part doesn't mean i don't like the game. It's just the shadow that keeps disturbing the fun every now and then.Overall, highly recommended. One-time-pay RPG with Social elements and hundreds of hours to spend on - really worth your money."
,Recommended,306130,15880426,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,EquinoxIntense,it is an amazing game if you loved skyrim and the other elder scrolls games you with adore this game
76561198148098915,Recommended,306130,31181113,Posted: 16 April,all,The Insane Queen♔,10/10 would smoke crack
76561198138082132,Recommended,306130,29750153,Posted: 6 February,all,ShadowNova,It's good...I guess.
76561198095023929,Recommended,306130,15713232,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Great Way of Samurai,this is good man
76561198113262824,Recommended,306130,15072892,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Viz,BACK TO TAMRIEL!!!!!
,Recommended,306130,15172875,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Grunt,"game is quite nice, sadly I had a lot of issues w it."
,Recommended,306130,15066616,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Lunar-I,This game is amazingly addictive. Make shure you have over 108+ GB because this game needs it but when you do manage to get the game to work it is worth all the effort.
,Recommended,306130,26681766,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,✪PapaJohnsSodeyPops,"I bought this previously on its release day for my Xbox, i played it for a while and quit. Tried it on PC since its free for weekend and it is just a much better experience here than there. Still has its ups and downs (like its ♥♥♥♥ing servers) but otherwise its good."
,Recommended,306130,33384736,Posted: 8 July,all,Ringtail,boi
76561198335654256,Recommended,306130,29629005,Posted: 1 February,all,幻術Neyaphem,Tamriel Unlimited is no the full game. if you have the money just buy tamriel gold Edition
,Recommended,306130,24024038,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Infernal Machine ☠,Honestly I think ESO is the best MMO on the market right now. Tons of content and a very friendly community. It has improved a lot since its original release.
76561198063274189,Recommended,306130,18272568,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Mondy,"Having never played an MMO before and never being interested in an MMO, I decided to pick this up. The first few hours have me optimistic, and the $60 should be worth it. It's like WoW, which is unfamiliar to me, and Skyrim, which is very familiar to me, had a fantastic love child that I am willing to look after on the weekends."
,Recommended,306130,16763812,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MacroPlanet,"This review is going to be an ongoing review throughout my time in Tamriel.6.28.15 - I have a total of 3.6 hour into the game and already have some thoughts on the game overall.  Back in 2013 I was invited to beta test TESO, in doing so I found myself not enjoying the game at all.  It was long enough to not really remember why but for some reason it did not capture me.  Fast forward two years and right now I am extremely excited about the game.  The character customization is really awesome; you can truely create a character that you can call your own.  The tutorial was really helpful and so far I am really digging the quest system and how all of the words are spoken like a true TES game.  The world feels alive, so far.  When I first made it to the docks as my High-Elf, there was a storm that hit.  It was kind of peacful as I was going through the menu's trying to just figure the game out to have a storm in the background.  It's refreshing coming from WoW.  TESO feels, so far, like where we would see MMORPG's going in the next 5 years.The combat is really engaging as each hit with the sword feels like it is really connecting and has an impactful feel to it, even on keyboard and mouse with no vibration like on a controller.  I purchased this game because my wife and I have grown extremely bored with WoW and this one was the only MMORPG that truely captured her attention after showing her several other popular games.  She's happy with the feel of the game as am I.Once I get more hours in the game, I'll touch on some other things."
76561198089331630,Recommended,306130,24024206,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CripplingDepression,One of the best MMORPG games in one of the best gaming franchises
76561198121374442,Recommended,306130,26699468,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Seth,"i like the grafic and olso the player movement and fight ,i don't have time to hear all the storyes  from all quest but it's a very well made story line i think so far i play like 3 day's , i'l buythe game  and i wish to have time for all games i own .but that i can't buy(the time) lol"
76561198029999764,Recommended,306130,17962740,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Violet Kitsune,"This is the closest you can get to the ""feel"" of tabletop role playing from a MMO. None of the silly Kill X of Y creature quests, they are all story based. Three cheers for the return of intelligent gaming!Well worth a try. Simple review9/10"
,Recommended,306130,17963723,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,tomtalk24,"Like anyone and everyone, I've played and loved all of the Elder titles. This arguably isnt a Elder Scrolls game, but I think its a good contender. Looks amazing in 3D yet can only be 3D in DX9 mode at the moment. The quests are interesting and entertaining. Communities alright.Now its Pay to Play, I feel its not as easy to keep pouring hours into it. Secondly I think DLCs should be given to long term subscribers even as a thanks. Paid a lot of money over time.Recommended, Yeah!edit: The voice acting is starting to annoy me... alot. The ones who talk like trying to be Londoners, un pronounced T's, happy jolly voices on warriors. The ones who have their love lives ending but still sound like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its two perticular but very much over used voices I cant stand, that king bloke and the mad bloke are fairly annoying too. You can't kill them either.I'm not sure if it was done to entertain kid or they think it suits the NCP but its not fitting with this type of game at all, if it carries on I might have to un-recommend this game."
76561198091290431,Recommended,306130,17333139,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ScrubLord Nito,One of the best MMOs I've played!
,Recommended,306130,17452882,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Deralam,This game is epic! best game ever!
76561198074494961,Recommended,306130,17466959,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,lol,"I previously had a negative review on this game due to its monthly payment option, but that has since changed.That was the main reason this game was so poorly rated, because as a game it's really fun.I just wish I would have gotten to experience it sooner, because when I bought it the first time it refused to even let me play it without me giving it my credit card number.Again though, that was awhile ago and it's a fantastic game."
,Recommended,306130,17510032,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,U.S.S. Enterprise,Good game for mmo rpg gamer if u strong gamer this game is better.
,Recommended,306130,17705816,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sneaky Druid,"I'm speak for the TES Fans here.Definitly you should buy this game because if tells the story between oblivion and skyrim. In every steam sale the game become discounted so buy it when you see the good price. And also consider this you will get a game with 3 differen story, so its like buying 3 different TES game. also graphics are great animitions are very good and its standart is not below the standart TES games so DO NOT think being MMO will not reduce your TES pleasure.For the MMO player who likes for the good story and some fun (WoW players or other  PlaytoFun Online games)I'm  going to recommend the game you will understand noting at the start of the game because I assume you know nothing about Tamriel. But by reading books and reading wiki you will understand.For The Competetive MMO players (Knight, Silkroad, etc.)I WON'T recommend the game you and people like you make eso look like crap game. So STAY F**KING AWAY !!Update:I definitly recomend buying with new DLCs, this  DLCs hasa a story and a new region in the game  and they are awesome."
,Recommended,306130,17871203,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,josh,"Day 1: Wait 8 hours to download all 50gb of the game on steam because steam caps my download speed at 2.2MbpsDay 2: Wake up decided to play the game because it finished to download over night, open game, have to patch the launcher. Took over 8 hours, over 80gb.Have over 8 hours in this game due to downloading it.40 dollar patience simulator 9/10 not enough boobs"
,Recommended,306130,25481313,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,"Yes, I'm Seriously Silver Elite",Buys game2 months laterGold edition comes out with all DLC for £20 cheaper
,Recommended,306130,29080726,Posted: 6 January,all,Vampire337,"There's a lot written already, so I'm going to try to not say what's been said.  This revew could be a million words longer, and I've only had the game for a month and a half (and over 200 hours invested).This game is not perfect; reviews saying as much are delusional.  It is not horrible; reviews saying this are from angry people who expect too much.  This plays not like an MMO with a Skyrim skin, but more like Skyrim with mandatory MMO elements.  If you loved Skryim, it's worth trying out.  If you love MMOs, it's worth trying out.  But the mix may or may not be good enough, depending on what you want in the game.  i recommend this, but...  There is a lot of but in my recommendation.- The voice acting is very well done, and there's a ton of spoken dialogue, but... there's also a ton of reading books, which means there's a lot of backstory that I'm clicking through and telling myself ""one day I'll read all those lorebooks"".- The game mechanics are a lot of fun, but... most are generally not as fleshed out as they could be.  Like pickpocketing, which is good wholesome evil fun, except that you're basically stealing one of three types of treasure with random names from every NPC, so that beggar will be carrying the same sort of treasure items that the noble will, not like food or a coin or something.  You're not stealing people's armor and weapons, like you did in Skyrim.  Intimidation and Persuasion exist as skills that unlock dialogue options, but the implementaiton is painfully linearly embedded and you can't just try being persuasive/intimidating to see how it affects things, so much as you get to click the option if you have the skill, and maybe it saves you from paying gold to complete a quest.- You don't have to pay a subscription fee, but...  you're hamstringed by your carrying/bank capacity if you're not an ESO+ member, and you get 'free' crowns (ingame currency purchased with real money) and then there's the experience bonuses.  Subscription isn't required to play, but the game is a lot smoother when you pay it, and when you break it down you get $15 in 'free' crowns when you pay for a month at $15.  It becomes a 'good' deal, but know that it's annoying to try and play for free, even if the subscription is not necessary.- It plays like Skyrim, in that you go on quests and experience a grand story where you're influencing the world (that you see) and most of the time you can bring friends with you on your quests, but...  It's full of grindy MMO game mechanics, daily quests, gathering for hours and hours to sell materials to other players so you can get things, farming the same monsters repeatedly to get the right pieces of armor/weapons, etc.  If you love MMO, it's certainly got the MMO mechanics.  If not, it can be daunting.- The zone chats are for the most part friendly and full of people who (with sarcastic wit) will provide assistance to new players, but...  There are the occasional trolls throwing out offensive buzzwords that you find in online game chats.  Well, at least it's not full of bots and hackers, tho there's sure to be a few of those running around.- Character development feels pretty involved, with a level cap of 50 and individual skill trees for all your weapons, class and race, and then you can venture out and find ""skyshards"" to get more skill points to spend, and the champion system lets you continue building on your character after you've reached max level, but...  There are only 4 classes to pick from, and that makes everything feel kindof simplified, and the skill abilities only have a single branch so it's not like there's real depth there.  Plus, after you've allocated all your points, and re-rolled a few times (at an increasing cost of gold), then you get things roughly where you think you want them and they change the character mechanics (it's called nerfing, and you can pretty much expect it in an MMO).Bottom line, if you want the single-player gameplay, get Skyrim.  If you want to play through an Elder Scrolls story with some friends (or your wife, in my case), and you don't mind the MMO experience, this is well worth getting.  Just don't charge in with expectations that it's perfect, or even smoothed over for the most part.  It runs, it doesn't crash much on our mid-level laptops, and it looks really really pretty.  And I've managed to sink more hours per week into this than I have my full-time job since I've purchased it.  With that in mind, I recommend this."
,Recommended,306130,17706134,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sultan_H,"If you are a Skyrim fan then I need not tell you how this game is but for the rest this game is amazing, at first I was hesitant to get it because when it launched it was subscription based and that is the one thing I hate about games however, once they had released it to be free to play I then in a heartbeat bought it.It might be a bit pricy but it promises a lot of in game content in vast verities you can even imagine.8/10No harm in trying, one downfall so far is their patcher that is real slow when updating the game, other than that just give it a shot."
,Recommended,306130,17849534,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,LittleTiger,"It's an awesome game.  If you like to do missions with friends or even random people in a huge open world, this is a game for you. (The main story mission requires solo)  If you like to solo, you can totally do almost everything by yourself.  This game plays like a single player game in a MMO world.  The PVP zone is very interesting.  Three alliances fight each other, capture bases and resources.  It's like a massive war.  Well, it is a war.  Join the fight, you will enjoy it!"
,Recommended,306130,26681139,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Legionary,"This isn't the same as Skyrim, Oblivion and Morrowind so don't treat it the same way. 8/10 MMO, grindy quests but that's the point eh? You'll end up in the right places for quests if you just follow along. Helpful people in chat most of the time. This isn't a story-driven game, but you'll be able to find a lot of information about the Elder Scrolls world of Nirn."
,Recommended,306130,29951076,Posted: 15 February,all,Bonnett88,"Its okay. Didn't play that much, didn't really catch my attention and suck me in."
,Recommended,306130,15414247,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,ATeC,Its like skyrim with guns
,Recommended,306130,26151300,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Rei,"Nice game, need more hours before I can say if I like it or not."
,Recommended,306130,15443523,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Zinnia,Meow :3c
76561198074034711,Recommended,306130,15370583,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Valtronas,"THIS GAME IS FANTASTIC! But, lets make one thing clear, this is NOT skyrim, and this is NOT WoW. What i found here ist he perfect mix from two of my most beloved games (less so on WoW because it sucks now).Why you should buy this game:IF you like lore and lots of back story, the amount of time they put into each and every quest line is amazing.IF you like stealing in skyrim, there is a different kind of stealing in this game and its lots of fun to be a criminal, jsut dont get caught, gaurds have lots of CC and will reck you.IF you like PvE dungeoning or single player combat PvE this game has a great emersion of fighting typesIF you like crafting anything in skyrim or mmorpgs than youll love this oneIF you like guilds and AH they ahve a different system than some other mmorpgs but it works out well i think.Why you should not play this game if your that♥♥♥♥♥♥who thinks this is skyrim or wow:IF you like have a kajillion action bars in WoW than this game aint for you you only get five and a ult. (IDK about addons, dont use them yet)IF you going to skip the lore and basic quest line by button mashing through npc convo than why even buy an mmorpg?Thats all i have to say about that, Khajiit Rule"
76561198079396322,Recommended,306130,31285782,Posted: 21 April,all,Sheev Palpatine,Do it
76561198119633070,Recommended,306130,15422102,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Pinacoladas,im too lazy to write so........its good
76561198077650287,Recommended,306130,26124975,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ST3AMJunkie19,Haven't played it too much but good so far.
76561197971196625,Recommended,306130,17980639,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Hexen,"I purchased this game after a bout of mediocre and hollow MMO experiences with Guild Wars 2 and Wildstar and wasn't let down. I admit I'm not the biggest Elder Scrolls lore fan but I have been playing them since Morrowind and unlike many others; Consider ESO superior to my time in Skyrim (Gasp! I Know!). ESO is the perfect MMO for people with solo and introverted tendencies (Oxymoron, sure but it's true for us hermits.) The voice acting is pretty high end but there is a small pool of skilled voice actors and actresses that cover many NPCs. I rather enjoy this game and will provide a short pros and cons list.Pros:*Voice Acted*Beautiful Visuals + Decently Optimized*Massive Open World*Mounts*Easy Crafting Profession Leveling*Ability To Actively Join Up To Five Guilds*No More Sub FeesCons:*Mounts Are Expensive And Many Are Cash Shop DLC*Questing is 90% Fetching Generics*PvP Is Overly Clusterbucky*Chat System Is Terrible*No Auction House In 2015*Dungeons Are Pretty DullOverall A great MMO experience, just not for everyone."
,Not Recommended,306130,31190460,Posted: 16 April,all,(☕) Doberman,"The Least interesting version of an Elder Scrolls game, TESO brings up everything that makes the other games in the franchise awesome and turns it into the most generic MMORPG the north has ever seen. Go alone or with (serious game issues) your friends in a GRAND ADVENTURE, full of dull and boring environments populated by extremely tedious NPCs and a ton of repetitive combat, grinding, over-complicated mechanics and other archaic features!""Playing TESO is like reading a book about the lore of the Elder Scrolls.... after you played the games, you know what's up, but you are not really living it"" (Sum Fuker, 2016)Relive your favorite game styles! like choosing any (pre-determined)class, weapon or equipment you want.... except of course, if you want to play seriously, if that's the case then you have to create your character like this, this and use that and you have to grind every piece of equipment for 30 Hrs each at least... but HEEEEYYY, CREATIVITY AND FREEDOM!Travel all around Tamriel (on foot) and meet the same NPCs with different (poorly) voice acted stories that are as dumb as the first time you played your generic MMORPG (looking at you WoW)""Oh most wondrous warri'r, thee and only thee (along with around a thousands other ""unique"" warriors) art the only desire f'r ye olde kingdom!"" (Average RPG, since Ever)Embark yourself into this grand journey that has everything that everyone wanted... ever....but not the way they wanted it.6/10"
76561198149114617,Recommended,306130,25466850,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,DasoX,"Feel kinda bad for purchasing game for 54 euros when now it's only 30.....Its great game but i think people that payed more should get more and that its not fair from them to randomly change price...Anyways buy game,its really worth it (expecially now)."
,Recommended,306130,19863443,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,I fear those immortal guards more than Molag Bal!11/10
,Recommended,306130,14718397,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Jarabould,"If you are expecting a Skyrim MMO this is not it. Its not like a single player elder scrolls game where you can go around pickpocketing every one and stealing ever thing... get that out of your mind if you are thinking about getting this game. Now that you know this is not ""Multiplayer Skyrim"" I can tell you with all my love for the Elder scrolls games that this is a great MMO based around Elder scrolls lore! I mean c'mon you get to see the Worm King that you kill in Oblivion! HOW AWESOME IS THAT!!!!!!! but yeah, get this game is you like MMORPGs and the Elder Scrolls games you will like it and pluge hundreds of hours asking people to let you in their guild.(Side note) Update 6 is now out and added some awesome new s**t and I am telling yo uthat it is deffinatly awesome!"
,Recommended,306130,23356687,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,[4th] Crusader Trump ⚣,"This is in my opinion the best mmorpg out there right now. It has a vivid community, many interesting quests and it runs perfectly without any lag or glitches. there are some things that need tweaking but its fun as a whole.this game is best played with friends, but dont worry you'll make enough friends in game.i'd rate this game9/10  pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome"
76561198116413959,Recommended,306130,17887821,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Zekraw,"~~~~~ All negative were before Tamriel Unlimited ~~~~~The main reason people said this game wasnt worth it was the monthly subscription thats has been dropped and now people have bought this game and enjoyed the only other reasons that this game gets negative reviews is because people who cant run it getting mad that 50,000 other people can even my bud whos laptop is 6 years old can run it at 50+ FPS, other than that its the download time and the grind but grinding is what dlc's do? Definitely worth the buy if you ask me. 10/10"
76561198056642460,Recommended,306130,17171553,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Han Solo,"- Highly recommended.- If you are fan of the Elder Scrolls series, you MUST have it.- There is no need for much words."
76561198015086222,Recommended,306130,15149679,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,matricks12,"excellent game if you're a fan of the series.  Most negative reviews are about the size of the download, which is silly.  I have  over 1000 hours into Elder Scrolls games and this one is every bit as good.I loved Skyrim and this is right in line.  It's not Skyrim Online so don't expect that, but it's similar enough and massive enough to be the best $60 I've spent in a long time.If you like the series, just buy it...don't worry.p.s. once you purchase through steam you need to take your code and enter it into the website to activate...this cost me a few hours trying to figure out why my login didn't work..."
76561198158429043,Recommended,306130,15736229,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,joycedavid47,great game
,Recommended,306130,17194479,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,gg,"A truly great MMO, the launch started out rough but now the game is completely worth playing."
76561198151072016,Recommended,306130,17257527,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Gone Postal,Don't expect it to be anything like SkyrimA little bit boring until PvP.
,Recommended,306130,15149656,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ジャラム,Amazing game11/10 ING10/10 Would ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,306130,15150164,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DagothKupo,"For the past week this has been the only game I've been playing since it became buy to play, I loved Elderscrolls eversince I started off with Morrowind so I've always wanted to play this game. But I also understand that this is a MMO and should be treated as such. The crafting system I absolutely love as well as armor dyes being unlocked by achievements. The new crime system adds a new layer of immersion, I see newbies fresh out of the starting area get killed by guards quite often and NPC's yell if they catch you stealing. The guild auction houses I'm neutral on, I haven't had a need for them yet (auctions are between guild members only and you can be in up to 5 guilds). This feels much better than the last time I played which was the beta. The only major complaint I have is that heavy 2 handers feel underpowered right now, hoping that will be balanced later on some time."
76561198148318530,Recommended,306130,16896231,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,firearmies,IT IS NOT LIKE THE OTHER ELDER SCROLLS GAMES! So do not go into the game thinking it will be an online skyrim. But it is still a good game.
,Recommended,306130,15719864,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,LightDevil,Just wow.....wooooow!
76561198078180128,Recommended,306130,15820395,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Bigdaddydupree,Best game ever
76561198030908751,Recommended,306130,16653963,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,zacsdunn,"Visually stunning, and feels like an Elder Scrolls game. I was extremely put off by remarks against this game, but I have been playing it the past week and I have been very happy with my experience thus far. There are obviously some things still needing to be worked out, like where in the hell is my player owned home? And there needs to be more of a beginners guide because not everyone is just going to know the ins and outs of this game off hand. Also the chat needs some love. Third party comms makes it better, but there still needs to be an in game feature that makes sense... all in all probably 7.5-8 out of 10 for me."
,Recommended,306130,15339129,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,DanO,"Fun MMO! Great graphics, gameplay is fun and the action keeps me interested. I'm still new so I don't know everything about the game (learning curves are awesome). So far I'm level 10, and the game has been a very easy. Hoping the difficulty ramps up here soon.Looking forward to some dungeons and PvP!"
76561198014635560,Recommended,306130,15341447,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Articuss,"April 2015:  Game is MUCH better than it was when I particpated in beta.If you're looking for a good MMORPG to sink some time into, give ESO a try.Key considerations:The game is now B2P which is a model I'm much fonder of these days (despite having spent many years playing WoW)Combat is good (although I'd like more buttons to push)Graphics are good; great with a proper SweetFX presetThe game is maturing nicely, and its future is looking relatively good; time will tellEnjoy!"
,Recommended,306130,16268172,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Microwavius,"ESOTU is the kind of MMO experience I have been looking for. Wasn't sure about it back in the beta days, but it has really improved since then, especially with the removal of the monthly subscription fee that was required in order to play. I love the various classes, and the amount of different ways you can build your character (with abilities, armour types, weapons, etc.). The PVP is quite fun as well, though it can be frustrating when you don't have an efficient build for it. You will still encounter some bugs, which is to be expected on a game of this size and scale. Overall, I find that it runs pretty smooth. If you have enjoyed other Elder Scrolls games, and other MMO's, ESOTU blends the two nicely together. You are sure to get many, many hours out of this game!Update: I was gone for a few years and recently came back to the game, and I have to say I'm loving it even more now. The One Tamriel update is a postive step if you ask me. There are pros and cons to it, but the pros make the game worthwhile. Now you have reason to go back to old areas and do quests (since everything is scaled), and it is really easy to play with friends no matter what their level is; something a lot of other MMO's fail to capture. Also think the the Morrowind expansion is fantastic!Note: The game is quite a large file size so be sure you have some space, and also glance over the system requirements, as it can put a lot of stress on your machine if you aren't careful."
76561198061436792,Recommended,306130,24626389,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,fernandopelet,"I bought it during the last summer sale and it was totally worth it. Not pay to win, but more like pay to play. You need to either purchase dlcs or subscribe to fully enjoy the game. Thieves Guild and Dark Brotherhood dlc's are really good."
76561198193788069,Recommended,306130,16570121,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,marvin.solsona.0228,Great game and worth the $ but they should improve the LFG system and have a megaserver thing where you can play in dungeons with other races to enhance community experience - PvP is a separate thing.Why did Steam stop selling Crown Packs?
,Recommended,306130,16604359,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Arkady,Immersive and gritty with great stories. The classes are flexible and the combat satisfying. Crafting is important and rewarding.
,Recommended,306130,19814447,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Zzz,Worth every penny
76561198059753415,Recommended,306130,23485152,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Sulti,Best Mmorpg ever.
,Recommended,306130,15341281,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,David Makalaster,"Cool stuff,bro  yeah"
76561198015007097,Recommended,306130,15354697,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,smooth_honky,"It is a pretty good game... It is a lot like playing a numbered Elder Scrolls game, just with an option of doing it with other people."
,Recommended,306130,16012439,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Kenz,"By far the most played game in my library, I have been an Elder Scrolls fan since Morrowind and Oblivion. I originally Beta tested this game in its early stages and was not impressed, however I came back to it when it became free to play (even though I currently have a premium membership) and I am so glad I did. The quests and environment definitely keep in line with the lore that the Elder Scrolls team has spent over a decade to create and perfect. I highly recommend it for any Elder Scrolls Fan, old or new."
76561198072585874,Recommended,306130,16994739,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Fruity Bruno,"I was a little harsh in my first review of the game, probably becuase of it being only just released. now there have been massive improvements to just about everything (or atleast I think so) also,very important, make sure to raise the graphic and textural settings, it makes quite the difference.perhaps not the best Elder Scrolls game, but a pretty solid game none-the-less."
,Recommended,306130,19043849,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Nirvanalover95,"Fun as hell, I love it!"
76561198140045511,Recommended,306130,19828646,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,aleksa.spasic92,AMAZING
,Recommended,306130,20075474,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,CielTheKitten™,"Best Game Ever!!! Never gets old, so many ppl online, smooth gameplay."
76561198060257844,Not Recommended,306130,31192700,Posted: 16 April,all,Dracula Spelled Backwards,"I can really think of no reason why anyone should play this.  Not that it's like incredibly bad or anything, but it is extremely dull.  It has nothing that makes it stand out from countless other MMOs, many of which are entirely free, other than the license, which isn't even used all that well.  This will just make you wish you were playing other, better MMOs, or any real Elder Scrolls game.  This is sub-par in every respect.  It does appear to be improved a lot from the reviews I saw about it at launch, but even still, I could barely motivate myself to play.  It would almost be more fun if it was really bad, because at least if it was horrible, it wouldn't be so mundane and painfully average.Guild Wars 2, The Old Republic, Age of Conan, Terra Online, and Neverwinder are all free to play games, and all of them are more enjoyable than this.  If this game was entirely free, it would still only barely be worth the effort.  Even having bought it on sale and never paid a subscription fee, I fee like I wasted my money."
76561198119460868,Recommended,306130,22917456,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Lone Shadow,10/10
,Recommended,306130,21080757,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Reptar,"I have been a fan of the elder scroll games for awhile, oblivion and skyrim in particular, and this game is just pure amazingness, it has all of the best attributes of the previous game but with all the maps combined and mmo gameplay, i will play this game forever, and probably have no real life lol"
76561198271790511,Recommended,306130,24392783,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,jvickers2003,it is a good game for people who like a mmo type of games just  takes long to level up
76561198040691557,Recommended,306130,35461888,Posted: 3 October,all,WhoTheHeckAreYou,"Sometimes when I'm feeling... sad, I'll go into a highly populated area within the game and turn down all the sounds in the game except for the voice volume and have it on as background noise. Doing this makes me feel as if I'm in a social interaction for once in my life."
,Recommended,306130,34448834,Posted: 23 August,all,Provy,"Game used to suck, if you got it at launch and abandoned it definitely recommend giving it another shot"
,Recommended,306130,26671480,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,pot cat,$10 sale: i am recruiting my entire friends list to my guild. :D :D :D :D :D
76561198037233340,Recommended,306130,22924056,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,LifeReaper,"200 hours in and still only a frection of the way through the game. With 3 factions worth of 100 hours + gameplay, an additonal shared campaign, additional downloadable content and a loooonnngg book of achievements for those inclined to search for and experience it all.Ventured into the multiplayer world recently and for all my hard work character building (max lvl 50 in wapons/armour/skills of choice + 1  awsome sword), got absolutely destroyed by the opposition. So clearly I ahve a lot more to learn and do to fully realise the games potential through the ongoing veteran ranks. What's more, the places and story keep the hours ticking over without it feeling like a grind. There's still stacks to do in the game, only just signed up to the mages guild and have about two thirds of the territories still completely unexplored. Looming forward to it :)"
76561198127431256,Recommended,306130,24708929,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,✈ ▌ ▌ twin towers,One of the best MMO's out there on BD!!
76561198110572142,Recommended,306130,24817552,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,I Eat Cabbage (Trade),This game is actually pretty good. I would rated it the top 5 MMOs currently out there.
76561198152319101,Recommended,306130,25134823,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,AHorseWithNoName,"This is the first review I've ever written for a steam game. ESO is easily the best MMORPG I've ever played, and I've played them all. I have almost 200 hours on record and I haven't even reached max level on ONE character yet. There is so much to do! The crafting is deep, there are a ton of quests, and the PvP is unique (also they are about to release 1v1 duels like in WoW on the next update). Honestly I love this game. ESO Plus is highly recommended as well. The problem I have with most other MMO's out there is that they force you to be social. For end game content in WoW and pretty much everything else in EVE you are almost REQUIRED to be on teamspeak, discord, etc. This game does not force you to be social and I love that lol. I'm in two great guilds and we do content all the time together and I don't have to be on comms. Give ESO a shot"
76561198258342771,Recommended,306130,24567653,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,luiscarloznz,Ive played all this time without DLCs and its EPIC!!!
,Recommended,306130,25462496,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,DrenZO,"great but, its getting quieti wonder why many people dont play this again"
76561198092413969,Recommended,306130,25456304,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,LoT.Faarckle,"Everyone is hating on ESO because it isn't good as Skyrim and/or Oblivion/Morrowind. Well, this IS an MMORPG not a regular RPG. It has elements and certain similarities like its predecessors but you must have the mindset of it being more of an MMO than an Elder Scrolls game..Things I like about ESO is the non-Pay-2-Win crowns store. Mostly all of the Crowns store is purely cosmetic. Stuff like different mount models or costumes. There is also the freedom to choose your skillset like in its predecessors. For example, if I wanna play a Dragon Knight (usually tanky melee) who focuses on spells and magicka rather than melee damage. Another interesting feature of ESO is its crafting system. It's very unique. Full of customization, elegant, and simple to understand. The same goes with its enchantment system. The only bad thing is no renaming..Things I don't like about ESO is 256 DLCs (well, nearly not as many but you get the point) that are released. I don't like paying for a new area with exclusive dungeons, loot, etc. [because I just feel poor RIP] Another thing I don't like about ESO is the quests. There are plenty of exceptions to this but it bugs me when I get a quest from Farmer Joe complaining about how creatures destoryed his farm and you gotta kill some of said creature. Then Farmer Joe gives you his family's prized loin cloth or the coveted butterknife of his grandmother. Some of the quest are so boring it just get to the point where you just wanna give up but then realize you need exp and money..In general, ESO is a great game. One of the best MMOs and is now 30 USD. If I didn't have this game before, I'd wait for the golden edition to be on sale then idividually buying all DLC. You'd save more money and be angered by content barriers. The thing I tell everyone complaining on Bethesda's ESO related Instagram posts is this, ""ESO is a good MMO, but a lesser Elder Scrolls game."" Honestly, the only time I really play ESO is when I'm feeling like kicking some daedra♥♥♥♥♥or my salt levels generated from Dota is just too much. If I were to compare this to an IKEA desk, it would be like seeing this amazing final product but when you finish yours, you forgot to put on a few nuts and bolts but it's still a pretty nice desk overall..[spolier]Note, I didn't proof this. It's too late for me to think. Just felt like writing a review.[/spoiler]"
,Recommended,306130,25051059,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Frag Jacker,"My first MMO that I've ever played! I've got some mixed expectations but at the end The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited™ turned out to be a pretty decent game.The only other Elder Scrolls game I've played so far was Skyrim thus let's check out what makes ESO different from what Skyrim did.1. The Story: While Skyrim was kind of slow in developing it's story, ESO has a quicker pace on how it presents it's storyline to you.After you did the intro mission that introduces you to what you can expect to come later, you'll be released to the world. The amount of missions and other content is IMMENSE. I've been playing for more then 100 hours now and still have barely experienced 50% of all the available PvE story content.2. The Meta Game: When you're not focusing the main story line there's plenty of other stuff to do. Sidequests, Crafting and Dungeons wait to be explored and everything with other people running around.Especially the other ""travellers"" make the game feel much more vivid than Skyrim.There's plenty of NPC's inside towns talking to eachother and doing other miscallenous stuff, while in Skyrim every Town felt more or less as dead and empty like a cemetery.3. The Gameplay: Not going to lie here, the MMO elements are undeniably strong. Levelling takes alot of time to do and crafting ingredients are partly incredibly difficult to find. While in Skyrim it was rather easy to become an Overpowered Demi-God that One-Punched Alduin the Worldeater into Oblivion, it'll mostly never happen in ESO since you're more or less always on par with other players on a similar level to prevent you from curbstomping every other player in PvP.After all I can very much recommend this game to get when it's on sale again. The graphics and overall presentation of the game is pretty decent regarding its MMO nature."
76561198115184067,Recommended,306130,25516602,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Jarl Ballin',"When you purchase this game DO NOT i repeat DO NOT launch the game from steam, instead select it from the desktop, it does not count into the steam hours if you launch from the desktop so you can install the updates without fear of not being able to refund."
,Recommended,306130,25357961,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,فتح الرحمن,10/10 will steal anything for gold.
,Not Recommended,306130,28091082,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,That Loopy Dude,"Couldn't play game, steam walkthrough to make an account didn't pop up. tryed to make myself one and then link the two together so i could play but geuss what? zen told me that i didnt own the game on steam! they also refused to help me solve the problem claming it was a steam issue, but you can't make a support ticket for this game through steam because they say all issues are to be handled by zenimax... FAIL. 10/10 WOULD REFUND AGAIN"
,Recommended,306130,22115451,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,The Brown Weiner,Nearly 800 hours in and feel like I am still a noob.Absolutely my favorite MMO.
76561197973018655,Recommended,306130,29536140,Posted: 28 January,all,HiddenX,Nice MMO that can be played solo as well.
,Recommended,306130,23917802,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Lee Everett,"It good, but the downfall about the whole thing is you have to pay crown in order to play DLC like the Dark Brotherhood, i just hope when Fallout online come out it won't be the same as Elder Scroll Online.7/10 graphic perfect, but please add follower you can find or buy"
,Recommended,306130,14832676,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Majora,If your a DIe Hard ES fan like me i highly recommmend getting this game! the combat might not be like skyrim. it is mostly like every other MMO game. but with their new patch they added a criminal systerm which adds bountys when you steal and kill! And the combat was changed a little bit. otherwise I think it has a great storyline and plenty of quest to do. You'll never go bored with this game or have nothing to do! theres always something to do! like i said the combat isnt like skyrim but most everything else is! If you do decide to buy this game I wish you safe adventures and have loads of fun!
,Recommended,306130,15081956,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,King Fukle,I play this in more than a third of my time. 'nuff said.
,Recommended,306130,15130479,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Rush905,"Not a typical Elder Scrolls game, but a damn good MMO."
,Recommended,306130,15499744,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Ayo,"Only a couple hours in and already loving this game, i'm sure i will play this for a very long time.Feel free to add me on steam x)"
76561198043703596,Recommended,306130,16112952,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Yieldsign,"Has everything one wants from an open-world game:- Resource gathering and refining- Crafting- Guild stores to buy and sell your stuff- Merchants and shops- A bank to store your money and many items- Loads of quests- Fighting- Puzzles- Horses to ride- No one can raid or bully you- When the going gets tough, there's always someone close-by to help out in a fightAll-in-all, one of my top ten of all time games."
76561198006534259,Recommended,306130,15124404,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,HaVoK,"I was super skeptical at ESO's release and saw how crappy the game was so I never bought it. I heard it went b2p and it had been around about a year so I figured I'd look into it. After a day or so of tons of research I decided to go ahead and buy it. That was a few days ago. I'm having a blast and that's just leveling.The main draw for me is I absolutely LOVE a game where you can really ""build"" your character. Where other games have 3 skill trees and very limited play styles, ESO just takes it to a whole new level. I'm sure the game has its flaws but so far it feels enough like a multiplayer Elder Scrolls that it will keep me playing for a while.I have more than 35 min on the game.  After steam downloaded the launcher, the game then installed another launcher that isn't recording my steam time."
76561198136209192,Recommended,306130,15201905,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,"Pablo ""Juan Deag"" Garcia","After 12 hours of gameplay, I can write a review.Game is awesome, pickpocketing is still hard 10/10"
76561198159130779,Recommended,306130,13530201,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,theukriddler,Great game. alot to do and see. If you have friends on this it will be alot more fun and easy in PVM. PVP is alot harder than most games and you need a big group to do any good. Get this game
,Recommended,306130,13623258,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,WIRide,"I'm honestly not into these kind of games, but I'm glad I purchased Elder Scrolls Online. I haven't had this much fun on a game like this. As much as I like it, I probably wouldn't buy it for $60 though. There are so many things you can do, and people in-game are normally helpful in the zone."
76561198111190525,Recommended,306130,13845506,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Frank Chan,This game is real good if you feel like going into another mmorpg universe ESO is for you  its crafting system is real good and they just keep improving with the updates and dlc's not to mention if you have played skyrim you can actulay become a werewolf or a vampire you can echant study explore its like your building a brand new life it'll take you away from WoW star wars the old republic and marvel heros dc universe i'll give it 10/10 its feels perfect to me <3
,Recommended,306130,14777095,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,aLLm,"very nice game, too many place to explore, lots of quest and more."
,Recommended,306130,14795574,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,VoidWaIker,i gotta say this is quite the fun game one warningyou would expect that when you download it all patches would be included or i would download the latest one nope you have to download all 30 took me almost 24 hours to do everything as some are quite large
,Recommended,306130,31055428,Posted: 10 April,all,Gorloss,I received all of the trading cards from just waiting for it to update.
,Recommended,306130,15318848,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,RisukuIt,mm.. i think it for leveling it a little bit slow maybe they can update EXP Boost Potion ? i know it pay to win but atleast we need help about level.
,Recommended,306130,15445798,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Scrat,"Got through starting area.Accidently punched an NPC.Got Bounty. No gold to pay bounty.Bounty goes up, guard kills me.No gold to pay bounty.Bounty goes up, guard kills me.No gold to pay bounty.Bounty goes up, guard kills me.No gold to pay bounty.Bounty goes up, guard kills me.No gold to pay bounty.Bounty goes up, guard kills me.No gold to pay bounty.Bounty goes up, guard kills me.No gold to pay bounty.Bounty goes up, guard kills me.No gold to pay bounty.Bounty goes up, guard kills me.No gold to pay bounty.Bounty goes up, guard kills me.No gold to pay bounty.Bounty goes up, guard kills me."
,Recommended,306130,22285910,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,[3D] Kulin_Ban,"An original mmo. Visually nothing comes close to this. In line with the elder scrolls franchise. All in all, one of the best mmos out there....."
76561198036799148,Not Recommended,306130,29169778,Posted: 10 January,all,Johanna0m0,"As a rule, I'm a huge fan of all the Elder Scrolls games, and this game should be no exception. I say it should be because unlike the other games, which I have put hundreds of hours into; this game is so broken that I have only been able to play 8 hours of it. I would say that my problems have all stemmed from the weird issues that have been arising from Steam trying to work with Bethesda, and not from the game itself.I seriously wish that I could play this game (especially since I paid for this pile of garbage) but after several uninstalls and reinstalls, running the repair settings in the app, I am unable to and I am really over it. A game should not be this hard to play!!I would recommend buying this game on console instead."
76561198193142042,Recommended,306130,18786436,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ShawnSaxhleel,best game i have ever played
76561198153033466,Recommended,306130,16355078,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,fddcxs,It has improved alot recently.
,Recommended,306130,18448574,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,The Silent Voice,"A typical Elder Scrolls game where I keep asking the same questions over and over again:-What am I ****ing doing?-What are the controls?-Was this supposed to happen?-Is there a goal, a purpose, in this game?And ofcourse, while asking those questions to myself, as a not-so-good-gamer, I'm smashing in the heads of ennemies and making people who seem to know the game angry about what I'm doing . Why? Becouse I am owening them, it seems,  while not knowing what I am doing exactly.Totally worth to play if you like this kind of things. Its like real life, not knowing what you are doing and what your purpose is (accapt real life has better graphics (really, it does))."
,Recommended,306130,17843693,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Icewrack,"10/10 the best ""MMO"" RPG !"
76561198055305564,Recommended,306130,17440458,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Faint Solstice,"Fantastic game, was weary at first to purchase this.I feel like this is a successful blend of Single Player Elder Scrolls meets MMO. I've explored countless hours viewing the landscape fighting the evil of the daedra and exploring the lore of the land. I have been doing quests that feel like quests just like I do in the other Elder Scolls Games. This is only the start of my journey,So thumbs up to Elder Scrolls OnlineI have gotten what I paid for and moreand like me if you are unsure as well just wait for a sale, looking back I would probably pay full price if it weren't on sale knowing what I have played thus far."
76561198078220701,Recommended,306130,17839312,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Mysterious Hobo,"THIS GAME DOES NOT SUCK!!Although it was a pay to play game when it first came out doesnt mean that it sucks still now that they've gotten rid of it.This game is honestly the most fun I've had in a game in a very long time and I would recomend it to ANYONE that likes The Elder Scrolls Franchise.Gives countless hours of gameplay and in my opinion plays like a faster paced skyrim, but is even more fun with even just one friend (although the experience is better the more people you have.)All and all i do not regret a single hour in this game."
76561198072439421,Recommended,306130,14360214,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,sir_walksalot,"This is not a typical Elder Scrolls game. Do not go in thinking it is, cause that is setting the game up for failure. The lore is there, the story is good, there are LOTS of side quests and you really can play how you want. The community within the game is amazing. The biggest down side is, since it is an MMO, the first person view is actually a huge hinderance which forces you to use 3rd person view. It will be going to subscription optional soon, so hold off until late March if you're ""just curious."""
76561198011965365,Recommended,306130,28705726,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Saint Aaron,"This game is honestly the greatest MMO RPG I have ever played, and may even be the single greatest game in general I have ever played. Everything is such a vast upgrade from when I first started playing the online beta in 2013. It's been quite amazing to see this game develop into the masterpiece it is considered today. After countless updates, Zenimax has turned there brainchild into a benchmark that sets the standards for all true MMO RPG's. Even after considering the mechanics of the game, one can still conclude that the Lore in Elder Scrolls Online is superior to any other game series out there today. There just simply ins't a game out there that makes the player so emotional attached to the events surrounding your character. I in particular found myself reading through countless Lore wiki pages and subreddits just out of pure interest and joy. Even the game forums were filled with equally thrilled enthusiasts trying to get answers from company workers."
,Recommended,306130,26652913,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Larry,Most people complaining here really just dont get the point of mmo's
,Recommended,306130,17219238,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Brejlaritto,"Run, shoot and kill everything what moves. Jump and run. Don't think too much. This game is faster than SKYRIM. Biggest disadvantage when compared to SKYRIM."
76561198162881004,Recommended,306130,22794145,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,gamerxd147,This game is great if you like skyrim and other elder scrolls titles but don't get confused it's not skyrim the game has good game content good story line and definitely worth the buy.
76561198071241790,Recommended,306130,23699588,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,RockSimulator69,"Ok. So. Let's get started.I've played a lot of MMORPG's in my 19 years of life.RunescapeGuild WarsWorld of Memecraftyou name it, i've most likely played it.And never in my life had a game left such a bad taste in my mouth.Cons:-Have fun spending money to get anywhere decent in endgame-The whole crime system gives me cancer-Sneaking costs stamina...-Want to be a vampire? Pay 20 bucks or a player probably 1000 to 5000 gold.-Boss drops? Haha. NoPros:-I can finally play an ES game with a friend...-The world is so beautiful even on the low settings.-the soundtrack is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic.I've played 8 hours in total. I've remade my nightblade character about 4 times now to find a suitable playstyle. And every time i've never had issues with anything else in game other than the absolutely boring fetch quests... Then again i can't complain. I did get a GW2 character to level 80.anywaysPeople whine about the download speed. Saying it takes 2 to 22 hours is absolutely garbage. Get better internet.I've never had a problem with download speed.The creation in this game. Is cancer.Don't expect an awesome in depth character or awesome unique styles. No. Don't.All the classes seem to play similar to one another. I find myself solo'ing a lot more as a nightblade and not needing to have a healer with me or anything because siphon is so easy.You can play any class with any weapon.God forbid though you start with a proper weapon or proper set of armor.The best way to experience this game is most definately with friends.Now the icky part.I've invested a deep amount of pocketchange into this game... About 80 dollars or so for DLC and the ability to have any race in any factionNow let me tell you thisIt WAS WORTH ITyou can spend the 40 bucks to buy this game. Make the account and still have endless amounts of fun WITH FRIENDS. if you plan to solo. I'd recommend making friends.overall9/10"
,Recommended,306130,16267065,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,fatedd,"mix of guild wars, WoW and skyrim"
,Recommended,306130,26710338,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Colbub,it isn't multiplayer skyrim. but it is what it is. give it a go my dude.
,Recommended,306130,14616958,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Red Gull,"This is your average MMO With an Elder Scrolls SkinIf you like Rift (your average MMO) and you like Elder ScrollsCombine those and you get this game , IMO a 7.5/10 and its not lower because im in love with the elder scrolls and i'll always find a way to defend that series no matter what."
,Recommended,306130,14714971,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Markrophage,"I remember when this game first launched and how every single review I saw said it was pretty much a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. A year later, I decided to buy the game, knowing that the subscription was no longer going to be mandatory. After playing for a few minutes, I must say that I got hooked. Is it worth the $60? That ultimately depends on the consumer, but in my opinion, I can definitely see myself putting in a lot of hours into this game. I think it's a great MMO. As far as holding the Elder Scrolls title, I don't feel like I'm a big enough fan of the Elder Scrolls to make a good judgment call on that. I do highly recommend the game though. It would be great if they could reduce the file sizes some how, 80GB of space is a lot to ask."
76561198170716946,Recommended,306130,14677342,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Not A Smurf,AWsome game! has some down sids though
,Recommended,306130,15149689,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,EnemyKombatant,"Huge improvement from launch. Beautiful world, interesting quests, unique leveling & pvp systems. No subscription required. Definitely worth checking out!"
,Recommended,306130,15676768,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SaltySwede,"Incredibly good, and incredibly addicting. 50 hrs on record first week i bought it..."
,Recommended,306130,15962175,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Rohanicus B. Junior,"A different take on the traditional MMO system, has more of an action game feel whilst still obtaining the depth of any other MMO.Worth a shot."
,Recommended,306130,16783381,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,phat cunt,very good game eveyone must buy it now
76561198023306506,Recommended,306130,24721275,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Johann Sebastian Bach,"Aight so there's a lot of things to cover when talking about a series like the Elder Scrolls games and opening it into a vast MMORPG filled with many other players and different factions, and I want to cover a brief few of them.The main concern I've heard with some people is that it doesn't really feel like an Elder Scrolls game.  I actually disagree on this regard.  The multiple factions and storylines you can play out help to shape and shed light on what Tamriel was like wayyy back into the Second Era.  If you were expecting Skyrim Online, I'm afraid that this isn't it, but instead, has its own charms, much like Skyrim had its own as opposed to Oblivion, and Oblivion had its own to Morrowind, and so on.PvP is neat, I definitely really like it.  And whether your character is a lvl 10 or within Champion status, it scales everyone appropriately so that no one side has a blatant advantage due to level and capabilities. You'll still want to keep up to snuff on your equipment though.  And SNEAKING IN PVP IS A THING.  When you go into stealth, you are invisible to enemy units, which is REALLY helpful for making some sweet♥♥♥♥♥ambushes or jumping an unaware enemy, and you can pick up PvP missions that make it actually feel like there's a war going on.In terms of how the game plays, yes, its not like Skyrim or any of its predecessors.  Yes, the mechanics for combat are watered down some, but a compromise like that should be made when dealing with a system inside of an MMO.  But while the system feels simplistic in nature, it allows players to have truly unique abilities that are quite so their own, so each class can do just what that class can do without fear of other classes stepping on their toes, so to speak.It's definitely worth a play.  If you're still skeptical, however, wait for it to go on sale. Then you'll be happy you did."
76561198067832362,Recommended,306130,24719044,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Golux,"Honestly 10/10, I HATED MMO's Until I found this awesome game!"
,Not Recommended,306130,11335146,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,odis.roberts,"I was really excited for this game despite the high starting price, continuous monthly payments, and 80GB of space. After a very long install the games graphics were not loading all the way for me - no floors, no character (exept his weapons would show) I contacted ESO for support and they got back to me right away with a generic reponse that didn't solve the problem. By their suggestion I ran a report that gave a diagnostic of my computer, I sent that back to them and they sent me a spam link to buy some product to chack for diver updates. Really dumb. In a nut shell - very frustrated with the lack of support. The game is not working up to expectations and neither are their support staff. Save your money on this one."
76561198040210064,Recommended,306130,15080536,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,darksteel_the_mercenary,"in the past of era, the tamriel has been under shadow of fee, now its the era of,, demoman from team fortress 2 burst in and shouts freedom!!!"
,Recommended,306130,15487343,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,-Mira-KilL~,Really good mmo none like the ones i played
76561198150303625,Recommended,306130,13616877,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Revanite36,"Although I haven't played for too long, I must say I am very much impressed with this game. I read reviews and was expecting a bad game but I love this. The Dominion has a good storyline and the PvE is actually very fun. PvP is even better especially when you witness massive battles with seige engines taking out castle walls. There are ALWAYS things to do in this game. The armor dye system gives you freedom to look as awesome as you want as well as yet another thing to do. This game is far from empty. It's not exactly a Skyrim but the combat is very similar and the world is MASSIVE. I would definitely recommend this. It is a great MMO. Everyone has their own opinion, but do NOT rule this game out before giving it a good try."
,Recommended,306130,13463458,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Warmaster1116,A♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I_N_G-MAZING
76561198077408861,Recommended,306130,16136359,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Emerald_Sky,"Have currently played 140 hours of this game, and still adding on more.Love it! Despite other people's complaints of it not being like other Elder Scrolls games, it's not meant to be, it's an Elder Scrolls twist on an MMO and is fantastic in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,306130,19384928,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Yamikotsu,"Buyer Beware!I know this game has been around for a while now so seeing it on sale I decided to pick it up. While my computer easily met the requirements to run this game it seems I didn't have luck in getting it to work. Because of how large this game is after you purchase it you need to have the patcher open to download and install it.Steam has a funny sense that having the patcher open counts as game time. With speeds of 8mb/s little more and little less at points it took me a little over 2 hours to have this playable. Then I found out that the game was freezing after logging in so it would not load the character selection screen.Steam has a 2 hour game time policy about getting refunds and because I ""played"" this game for over 2 hours I was not eligible for a refund. So definitely beware when buying this game as it will take most people 2 hours of game time to install and find it out that it might not actually work!"
76561198101086654,Recommended,306130,17386991,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,yohan7,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198175037977,Not Recommended,306130,21248414,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,DegarSlow,it did not work i send 6 hour waiting for it to down load and wasted about $20 for it and now it will not work and i cant refund it i and cheated of my money
,Not Recommended,306130,33166344,Posted: 2 July,all,Mister Bubblez,"I have a love/hate relationship with this game. It's a good game, for people that enjoy MMO's and TES titles. However, if you go into this game, wanting to play Skyrim multiplayer... Well, to put it simply, you're gonna have a bad time.If you don't care to wait for the long download, and if you're patient enough to sit through and fix the bugs and glitches, and if you're prepared to play it alone or find friends off of the game, then sure, go right ahead and buy it. However, for many, this game isn't the best ever.ESO has many pros and cons, and while I can't list them all off, I can give a few.-----------------------------Pros:You get to play a Elder Scrolls universe game online with other peopleMany things to see and exploreThe lore is friendly to TES titles.------------------------------Cons:HORRIBLE to set up. Many problems to download this game, and many problems installing it.Once set up and installed, you better get ready to experience a buggy and glitchy game unlike anything you've ever witnessed before. TRULY a game that is related to Bethesda.The community is.... Not the best, to put it lightly...."
76561198073455757,Recommended,306130,13681331,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,wingzero186,You have to understand this game IS NOT SKYRIM with that being said it is a great MMO it plays like an elder scrools game with a rift twist and it is executed well most every poor review I see on the game is from people expecting it to be skyrim 2.0 but it is much more than that because it covers the whole land that is in each game so things will open up further as the game grows and I don't see why it wouldn't also the only con I have found so far is the graphics settings it maxed everything right off and caused the game to crash on me cause my video card couldn't handle it but after correcting that issue I have had no reason to say anything bad about this game
76561198135299201,Recommended,306130,14363992,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,MrBill,Was going to give it a thumbs down becuase it is fun but not worth the $15 a month to play. There are too many MMO's out there that are just as fun and free. I look forward to playing it in March when there will be no subscription.
,Recommended,306130,13688256,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,The Greens,"The Elder Scrolls Online is an amazing game the gameplay is almost exzackly like Skyrim the only differents is you have a hotbar with skills wich you don't have to use you can just click the left mouse button to swing your sword constently or shoot you bow constently or use a staff to thow fire , ice , or lighning and the world on The Elder Scrolls Online is huge its bigger than Skyrim and the grafics are really good if you have a good compuder if you have a windows 8 laptop than you can run the grafic on low."
,Recommended,306130,15026725,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ZappaMonster,This game gave me a boner and stole my life... PLS give me my life back :(
76561198127584221,Recommended,306130,21655494,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,bikerangelo,"I've spent almost 3,000 hours in this game, half of which I spent fishing."
76561198119312581,Recommended,306130,22827073,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Super Hans,This is the greatest game of all time. Buy it now.
,Recommended,306130,15474807,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Jaden,"I only have 49.5 hours into this game, nowhere near endgame, so I can't really say if its any good.. And at release it was a bit dodgy, but I tried it since it went B2P and it was solid, no crashing or DC's and no quests that bugged out (all happened way too much at release).The worst thing about this game is likely how the skills work, at like level 20 you have all your skill slots full and then all you do is make them all more powerfull passively, and the 'wow moments' really are not a part of this game at all.. Hell you can respec I guess, if you want to pay (igc) for it, but again you will just fill your skill bar and level those skills up fairly passively again. I'd really like the ability to have more abilities.. And not be penalized.. Like, you can put points into a bunch of different stuff and switch them around, but them your not maxing out your skills so your doing less damage etc.. So your really forced to focus on a good build and stick with it.. I'd much rather not have skill points at all, and just give everyone access to every skill and just level them by using them :/Anyway, still, worth checking out, if the games on special, not really worth the 60-80$.. But a solid game as far as I can tell anyway."
76561197965282243,Recommended,306130,17581016,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Hatch,"This has to be the most fun MMO I've ever played.  The world is huge, there's lots to do and the game seems to be well made (after lots of improvements).  I became a fan of The Elder Scrolls when Skyrim came out.  If you love Skyrim you need to play ESO.  Unlike WoW you don't have to pay a subscription.  Shortly after playing ESO I was addicted.ProsVery fun MMORPGLots to do, lots of questsLike Skyrim but betterGraphics are great!SoundtrackYou can have up to 8 characters per account.Haven't encountered bugs or glitches. They've patched it up good.Subscription is optional (but you get perks if you do).There's more pros but I don't want to write too much here.ConsCan't re-customize your character.  Make sure you customize your character the way you want because you can't change it later.  Hopefully in the future they'll allow this.The set up was time-consuming.  It's a big game so this is to be expected.  Download, start ESO account, put game key on your account, then download any necessary patches, etc.  MMOs have more stuff to go through to play but since I've not played a lot of MMOs I found just getting started took up a lot of time.  Still worth it.  Other than that I can't find any issues with the game."
,Recommended,306130,24682325,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Revin214,"Thought it was bland at first, but I was wrong..."
,Not Recommended,306130,29124675,Posted: 8 January,all,Soulstuff,"To start off Ive played lots of MMO's :SRO, SRO:R, TERA, Tales of Pirates, Flyff, C9, MU Online, Vindictus, WoW, WAR, Rift, and many more i forgot about already...But never i have seen such stale combat system that bores me to death, i never expected it to be Oblivion/Skyrim type of combat in the first place, but a solid combat system on one of the largest game series titles ""The Elder Scrolls"" are..Dont get me wrong story, world exploration ive seen so far, even quests are pretty damn good and im pretty sure there are god knows how much to explore more, but the god damn combat is just utter garbage and in my case just kills it for me...What i expected was a god damn combat system that is similar to TERA, Vindictus, C9 considering this is ""The Elder Scrolls"" title on its name.. And i got more stale combat system than god damn SRO that came out in 2004....Development team didnt even try to make combat appealing just look at the abomination archery is:*Infinite Arrows ( dont ask me where they come from as i have no idea myself )*Homing Projectiles that never miss (skills never miss too) even if target goes behind a hard objects while its still traveling towards him, it will just ignore everything and hit, only way is to block them unless its AoE type of skill those must be dodged/started blocking first second you see area marked up otherwise you will be hit (last second dodge/block wont work)*Blocking with a bow (aparently this is a thing somehow and dont ask me how a flimsy wooden bow can block a heavy attack from a greatsword)*Youre stuck with arrows your bow comes with.. As there are no bow ammunition in this game at all as i mentioned before.Melee and Mage combat have similar problems in their own way so i wont even bother.Skill variety on this game is lacking, you get Weapon, Class, Armor skills. (there are also few other skill trees but i wont even bother):*Weapon and Armor skills get divided into categories like Heavy Armor, Light Armor, One-Handed, Restoration staff, Destruction staff and ect..Each has its own skills and passives, skills have ability to morph which is pretty much slight change to its mechanic with added extra effect it didnt had before YOU CAN DO THIS ONLY ONCE PER SKILL.*Class skills are Divided in 3 sub-classes that got 5 skills and 1 ultimate ability, rest of stuff is same as weapon skills and ect except Ultimates as they dont have options for branching up 2 ways or more..And thats it, youre stuck with same animations with small tweaks to them for the rest of the game.Character stats are nonexistent with ability to put point after you level up one of the following: Magicka, Health or Stamina but ill let it slide as it is Elder Scrolls game after all and we had this system kinda always.How to fix the game to make it better:*C9, Vindictus, TERA(pre BAM nerf + attack area light ups we are not casuals after all) style of combat, this game really needs a fast paced combat that is quite challenging to master completely yet rewarding. Sneaking needs some tweaking as well because you can stand in open wide area, let light shine on you and enemies wont notice you unless you hit them, they get you into their aggro distance (its smaller if you sneak ofc)So conclusion.Game looks great with HUGE map to explore, loads of lore and great expansions as far ive seen other people do in their gameplay videos, yet i cant recommend this game because in MMO's combat system makes up most of the gameplay experience as you will have to kill hordes of monsters be it quest or just grinding.If i still could refund it i would gladly do it. Im feeling bad for choosing this over Witcher 3 GOTY.."
76561198080539880,Recommended,306130,13133440,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Straf3 Int,"Good game overall never crashes, good graphics, fun story. I have not really played this game that much yet but i still have to learn how to do a ton of stuff"
,Recommended,306130,15026351,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Lizzy the Sexy Lizard,"First off, the gameplay is amazing! The graphical aspect is great, but it may just be me... Some of you may be like this, ""The game is just another MMO/MMORPG, with the Elder Scrolls title slapped in front of it!! *Troll face*"" YOU'RE WRONG! It's better, the players are nice, you can't kill each other, it has a bunch of great areas, all of which are unique in there own way. Now, you need to have a beast of a computer in order to play it without lag, but don't let that deter you from getting the game! A little bit of advice now: Reguardless of which race you choose, choose the Nightblade class, it's OP, and DO NOT UNDER ANY CURRCUMSTANCES PICK A FIGHT WITH THE GUARDS AS THEY ARE UNKILLIABLE!-Zorathanus the Argonian, ESO account: @zorathanus"
76561198077181821,Recommended,306130,15128037,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Jack Prime,Highly recomended..
,Recommended,306130,13172418,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Barumonk.*,"I saw a lot of people not recommending this game, all liars, this is one of the best mmo's i have ever played in my entire life!"
,Recommended,306130,13562409,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kek,It's not Skyrim 2.0. It's a Skyrim + Oblivion + Typical MMO = ESO
76561198095191044,Recommended,306130,14569382,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ShySpaceWolf,"I've played this game almost non-stop, damn it's great. It may have been bad at launch but whatever they've done it's great now, they've impleneted eveerything really well, yes there are it's bad parts such as falling through the world every now and again, or doors not working. But over all, if you're looking for a multiplayer skyrim, this is as close as you will get and it does a damn good job of it."
76561198154413605,Recommended,306130,13311947,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,chuki_G,simple if you love elder scroll you will love this no question asked best mmo played
,Recommended,306130,26674491,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Blah Blah,My Favorite game :D
,Recommended,306130,13141397,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Cyklon666,LIKE
,Recommended,306130,14363712,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,player and winner of sports,"i've spent more time on this than any other game EVER! honestly the best game of this generation, hands down!"
,Recommended,306130,14604537,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Kolor,"Awesome game, A little boring at the beginning but amazing once you get to level 4 and up"
,Not Recommended,306130,29307583,Posted: 16 January,all,Manvir,Downloaded this 3 times and it crashed all the times. Crap game. Wasted 12 hrs downloading for this? Horrible game
,Recommended,306130,18008583,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Hobz,Like Skyrim but you have to have 7 jobs to make money and you get to see other players and their long swords
,Not Recommended,306130,32671222,Posted: 23 June,all,Nagaraja,Recent 'Morrowind' update looks like a joke comparing to the original TES3.It's not worth calling it 'chapter'. Just another overrated DLC that you will have to buy to keep your character viable.p.s. I've played A LOT more hours without steam since beta and I can say that this game is dying. Referring to nostalgic feelings of TES3 players is just another trick to keep subscribers.
,Not Recommended,306130,35186388,Posted: 24 September,all,OneWheel,"Decent game, but the multiplayer feels pointless and poorly developed. It's not a game you play with friends, it's a game you play at the same time as friends.Overall, this feels like it's trying to make you the ""special chosen one"" but it's kinda silly because you know every other player is also the ""special chosen one."" This game mostly exemplifies why TES doesn't work well as an MMORPG."
,Recommended,306130,14047875,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Scroopy Noopers,good not great mmo needs more players
76561198170028057,Recommended,306130,13798909,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Lord_RonDawg,If you like being confused and/or not knowing what the hell is going on. Buy this game.
76561198149296635,Recommended,306130,13579407,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,dublordg,Amazing game! Well worth any money! Barely any bugs!
,Recommended,306130,14964888,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Gray Bush,This is NOT skyrim!
76561198124212748,Recommended,306130,14118343,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Tristan_Jofish,"This game is amazing. I just hate the whole $15 a month thing but, i know that that will all be gone in a few months."
,Recommended,306130,25733373,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Ziltoid the Omniscient,"-Install addons-Boot game, go to smith to repair armour-Costs 30g-Have 1500g-Won't let me pay-Find blacksmithing bench to repair it myself-Random♥♥♥♥♥♥on bench in way of cursor-Try to use bench, end up stealing teapot-Run up to guard to turn myself in-Bounty is 11g-Still have 1500g-Won't let me pay-Die a horrible death-Uninstall mods-Everything worksClassic Elder Scrolls. 9/10."
,Recommended,306130,14953846,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Hubertus,"Better than expected. Now that the monthly fee is gone well worth the money.Combat is good for an mmo (i like the active part, dodging & mouse click per action).Story is awesome and _every_ NPC is voiced, wow... well worth listeneing (!= reading) to the story (& even side quest-story).Would give it 8/10:-2 points: The ""Crown""-System is a bit pay2win - leveling while having a horse from the start is faster but buying a horse for in-game money is much more rewarding. Personally I try to ignore the fact the store excists and it works well so, but I guess some will be put off by the system..."
,Recommended,306130,15834288,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Dul,i've heard about skyrim paid mods. is this skyrim paid mods?omg! i'm playing online
,Recommended,306130,33602002,Posted: 16 July,all,The RAi†H ™,"~ MORROWIND ~For the Beauty, the Nostalgia, the Music, the Characters... the Familiarity.The ability to run though the world with your friends...*Cant spam spawn points for cash.* Learn to live a life.Be a Blacksmith... be an Alchemist... Be a Warrior or a Angler.Since the dawn of time.. The Elder Scrolls have always provided those who seek:A Window into their Soul.A way to refine aspects of their own life through a video game.I myself (as with 99.9% of everyone on here) have soooo much fxcking drama in life...All I want to do... is get away from that. ... just leave me the Fxck alone for 20 min... *Family can be a bxtch*And where Do I go... *I dont even talk to the homies/homegirlz on Steam anymore*Even that has its own drama flair.WHERE DO I GO???~ I GO FISH!!! ~ and fullfill writs.. and live the life I've always wanted to lead.Be a Blacksmith... be a Cook... become an Angler of Note... and just Chill.And Truth be told....MY REAL LIFE got SOOO Much better... because I have a place to Call ""HOME"" AGAIN.I love the Elder Scrolls.And Morrowind DLC expansion for ESO ... is beyond a Dream come true.~ anyone who played it back in '98...IS GONNA LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!*Worth every single penny I spent*and I am dirt poor fisherman.I love it. ~ Highly recommended.LOSE YOURSELF IN ANOTHER WORLD AGAIN.and for those who know and understand...""WELCOME HOME!!!!!!!!""*No Spoilers*When you see the Lighthouse in Seyda Neen... *you'll Cry too*Have you seeeen my Ring????xD~Its everything I could have dreamed of... and more.The RAi†H ™PS> about combat, leveling?Homie at level 8 challenged my Level 5 to a Duel....He's a GHOST NOW!!!!!!!!!!XD~ITS BEYOND AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!=)The OG's are gonna love it!!!!!!!To levels, undescribable with words.... Homie asked me point blank, and he's level 50, in all the guilds, has all the shxt... etc.DO YOU LIKE IT????And I told him...NOPE.~ I FXCKING LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!! ~and thats no lie.."
76561198039417330,Recommended,306130,13748572,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Cappylock,"Easily my favorite MMORPG, and I've played A LOT of MMORPG's... This game is not the best ELDER SCROLLS game, but it is an AMAZING MMORPG. Highly recommend this to any MMORPG fans."
,Recommended,306130,14596328,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,SlickRick568,"I really dont understand why people say this game is bad. Its so fun, just because it wasnt another Skyrim, doesnt mean you have to be a gey boi and hate on it."
,Recommended,306130,17834529,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Zeronomus,"It's better than Skyrim. So... yes, it is worth it."
76561198046013762,Recommended,306130,15755546,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,sempai makes me go doki doki~,"highly enjoyable MMO in my opinion, hardly any bugs to speak off.definately something to look out for if you like the elder scrolls universe and MMO style gameplay elements420/420"
76561198052762820,Not Recommended,306130,28934276,Posted: 2 January,all,Xuitzliobotliz,WARNING!! Don't buy this game if you dont live in Europe or America! They ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you. Pretty sure the dev's don't care about this issue. The server is on a endless loop of downloading files. I downloaded 160gb of this game and it still doesnt work. I would love to have my money back. I am very irratated it tells me I played 20 min. this is not true the game doesnt open at all. Don't waste your time and money
76561198166963788,Recommended,306130,14098660,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Kevin_THFC,really good game :) enjoying it so far
,Not Recommended,306130,32866729,Posted: 27 June,all,princetalibAs,just like ur gf - moneygrabbing
76561198066773307,Recommended,306130,16252210,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Riotman,"played a bit, was amusing"
,Recommended,306130,16652559,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,✪Reedy,good bye sweet life. 22.2 hours clocked in 2 days . . .
76561198065924843,Recommended,306130,22959264,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Geeps,"Was average at first, now it's amazing! If you liked Skyrim, this is better! Buy it now."
76561198143345719,Not Recommended,306130,30051398,Posted: 19 February,all,Bear_Grills,To play the whole game with all the DLC your better off saving money for the golden edition
,Recommended,306130,14942715,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Detective_Hacc,"I've played ESO for a while. Coming from playing TES: IV Oblivion as my first Elder Scroll's game, The Elder Scroll's Online feels EXACTLY like how you would want an Elder Scroll's MMO.Combat is very good. It feels fun. It's not clunky, it's not overly complicated, and any situation can be treated any way a player might want. I've been able to stealth through dungeons AND storm in brandishing a giant hammer smacking around anything in my path with power attacks. It feel just like any other TES game. You left click to swing your weapon or fire your bow/staff, you hold left click to use a power attack with any weapon (Staffs have power attacks,) and you hold right click to block. The ONLY diffrence from any other TES game is the fact that power attacks don't use stamina. Instead, you have to make the choice between using quicker normal attacks or more damaging power attacks that leave you open.Questing feel JUST like any TES game. The stores are good, the exploration is great, and the rewards are perfect.(POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD)One of your first quests if you choose to ally yourself with the Ebonheart Pact has you going around talking to a number of mages. The Dunmer mages want to trap the ghosts around the battlefield and use them in the war as tools. The Argonian mage wants you to help her set the ghosts free so they can heal the land that the war is taking place on. I went with the Argonian's option, and the Argonians ended up sacrificing themselves to become one with the land in order to heal the land with their spirits. The story was really awesome and you actually get to see a lot of the ""Druid"" like aspects of Argonian magic.(END OF SPOILERS)Over-all. This is a great game. Play it if you're a fan of The Elder Scrolls."
76561198025443078,Not Recommended,306130,31603241,Posted: 7 May,all,StylePolice,"TL;DR: Endgame requires farming extremely easy PvE a horrible number of times due to crap RNG mechanic for competitive PvP gear - and the Meta gets changed every patch.Grinding kills the stunning game atmosphere, RNG takes the fun out of farming for gear, PvP Meta is changed on every patch and always broken, requiring to go FOTM or die.------I played this game since release (so numbers on Steam do not reflect time in game) as stamina Dragonknight, Nightblade, Templar and Sorcerer and as magicka Templar, Nightblade and Dragonknight.The game itself has stunning visuals, great animation, an eye for detail, regions rich in cultural variety and clearly benefits from the vast amount of lore available in the Elder Scrolls universe.At release the game required a subscription and later switched the to B2P+Freemium unique hodge podge of systems. There are 3 realms fighting (AD, DC, EP) and at release you could only play in one realms pve environment. After you reached level 50 you suddenly where considered veteran and could unlock the other pve regions via quests, though they were pretty much deserted.A lot of those barriers have been removed and you can go anywhere and do anything right from the start. In PvE levels and equipment are essentially meaningless since PvE is extremely casual and easy. If you put a bit of effort into your char you can easily solo challenges intended for groups.Endgame is either casual exploration, competitive (leaderboard) pve or pvp. I have no experience in the second, as I spent all my time in PvP - where you need top gear if you do not enjoy mindless zerging.So why not recommend it? Because of crap RNG mechanics regarding loot combined with regular total revamp of the Metagame.Every patch changes the Meta, sometimes a bit, often a lot. This means partial or complete re-equipment every patch to stay competitive outside of zerging. The equipping part equals a full time job, as upgrading gear is expensive and the bind-on-pickup mechanic combined with insanely low RNG chances requires incredible time investments.Example 1:Upgrading a weapon needs 1 green, 2 blue, 4 purple and 8 yellow upgrade materials. At the same time the drop chance sinks reciprocal. Result: Upgrading a weapon to purple costs like 2k gold, to yellow costs between 60-80k gold and you need about 10 pieces of gear for a full suit.Example 2:RNG Drop chances are horrible. If you want an optimized gear, you need a special set item with a specific trait (like sturdy for reduced block cost or impenetrable for improvde crit resistance).On one kill you have: (chance to drop something besides crap loot) x (chance for the right item piece) x (chance on right traith) x (sometimes chance for the right armor weight)There are like 12 weapon types + shields, 7 armor slots in light, medium and heavy and two jewelry types and about 10 or so traits."
,Not Recommended,306130,33487668,Posted: 12 July,all,KEVINMGXP,"The Edler Scrolls Online: Tamriel UnlimitedThe Edler Scrolls online has been for me a double edged sword, it was never able to give me the justified impression of being an MMO, which was, to my knowledge the one thing the developers were aiming for, this was by far one of the largest disappointments I came across together with a few smaller ones at first release.The game released on a subscription based accessibility, when I ordered it I got myself the Imperial edition of the game, with that pack I've got free game time but with that nuance that when you were planning to access that free game time you would actually have to get a subscription before you would be able to access it!When I first went into the game I completely felt like a little child, you are never getting too old to do goofy stuff, that kind of feeling, that when you are finally getting something you were waiting for so long, that something that you were hoping on for so long!Sadly, it ended up in a series of disappointments:Like usual you start off as a captive, if you know the series you will recognize the prisoner narrative, which is a formula that always worked with this series, it opens perspective and a way for the game to unfold it selves and it gives a reasonable explanation why you start without any equipment. It also granted them the ability to implement a tiny tutorial which was woven into the story line, it blended in for the most part and when finally getting out of the prison you were able to follow a primary story ""which is identical no matter what alliance you've joined""The story on its own is actually pretty interesting and very fun and while it did have some playable malleability there was not really a replayability factor present.The accessibility of the game was a huge problem at start, lots of errors where  people were not able to get online for O so many reasons, none of these reasons were related to the players who were trying to play the game, and none of the player bases got really compensated for their lost game time either, with a pad on the back you were send off with a very sour feeling and that was that!Aside from the gameplay errors you also encountered some devious development decisions, like tricking people to use their cash shop, if people didn't acquire the imperial edition from the get go you had to purchase a horse within the game, this horse was really expensive with in-game currency, and the loot drops were so unsatisfying which ended up with people mildly being forced to purchase the horse from the cash shop ""or"" they ended up without one for a long time!Almost everything you were picking up in-game was just trash deconstruction fodder or you had to be satisfied with a tiny amount of gold which was kinda laughable at best!The MMORPG aspect of the game was largely lacking, first day launch was poorly done and they did not deliver a fine product, in my opinion, they asked people to pay and subscribe for an MMO but they got a single player game with an online cash shops, when people were around you the game did not really emphasise interaction with them, mobs and bosses were killed in front of you and even when you touched the mobs before they were killed you were not included into the kill so you had to wait until the target popped back up!This ended up seeing a lot of cluttering, players groups were piling up at the same spot to get a grasp of the targets they were supposed to kill and while people were waiting to kill the same target over and over you had to be first or you had to wait until they, yes, respawned again!While the above is all true it was not all bad the game looks and sounds good,  the graphics are outstanding, you get a lot of eye candy, and while you are a silent protagonist everything else is voice acted, sadly, I do feel sometimes that the voice acting falls flat, facial impressions and voice acting are not always blending in well together.Elder Scrolls Online: MorrowindNow with the expansion, I tried to give it another shot but I ended up with technical issues, to solve this I had to contact customer support, however, support seemed not to be reachable in any way per direct at that time which did not really gave me a good impression for a second try.Game mechanics, as  described above have not been changed a lot, however, the fact that the game was sub based is no more, which is, not all too surprising, and while the Expansion seems to have changed a few things, the game still doesn't scope a thru MMORPG, it needs, however, to be applauded that the team behind this game really tries to works hard to get the game better and more attractive from when it was initially released!A little more than 15 years separate us since the release of the elder scrolls III Morrowind,The story takes a turn and thanks to this expansion you will be able to travel to the iconic island off Vvanderfell, ironically, the ship you are sailing on is going down and is being enslaved by pirates! While held captive yet again you escape through a tiny, story telling tutorial with the help of an assassin and after a bit of bureaucratic Mambo Jambo, you can finally depart and choose your own way.Like any other expansion you will be able to play the content with your first character, however, you will start your game from a totally different perspective if you are new to the elder scrolls or if you just start a new character.In contrast with the main story, which unfolds slowly, the Morrowind expansion's plot will unfold a lot faster, quickly after your escape, you will have an audience with the god king Vivec, and shortly after you are already in the depth of the old mysteries of Morrowind! The quick and fluid pace tells me that they did a whole lot of trouble to improve on what they already had, it feels less than a chore to do something on Vvardenfell!Final Verdict:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorI rate MMORPG's, based on content, customer support and content development which I have been able to play from the first release until the latest update, this is my personal experience:At first day launch the game was lacking, poorly done and on top of that they did not deliver a fine product in my opinion, with the Morrowind expansion I ended up with a few technical issues, mediocre customer support and tedious work around to make the game work again, however,  while support seemed not to be reachable at that time, they have been implementing various improvements through the course of their development, the game got a good base story to lean on but they did not flesh it out well enough to keep me engaged!The bad experiences I had through time made me go back and forth from the game from time to time and still at its current state I am not really keen to recommend the game to any friends or acquaintances, the game falls simple flat over a short period of time with no reason to party up with friends or other guildies to extend my play time, the game feels more like an online single player adventure than anything else.Best of regardsCategoryVerdictOriginality69 | 100Gameplay61 | 100Multiplayer45 | 100Graphics81 | 100Sound79 | 100Lore71 | 100Total Score67 | 100"
76561198148935512,Recommended,306130,14108120,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ChronoTech,"If you are a fan of The Elder Scrolls Series,lore,and games then just buy it. The reviewers are correct so do not expect to play skyrim/oblivion online...ITS NOT THAT! I'm actually new to the MMORPG genre. So it is an intense learning curve for me. Its definitely not better than any of the other games that i've mention IMO, but I am enjoying this game. Its a little grindy, but most rpg's are the same way.(you have to lvl up somehow right?) Partnering up with a buddy is really difficult and I still havent had a mission where a buddy can help me out...The game doesnt seem to list what missions you can or cannot invite a buddy to join.Anyway, the graphics are beautiful so if you have a strong gaming rig, then turn up the graphics and enjoy the scenery.All in all, I'm still a really low lvl in the game, but so far so good. I can't really complain I guess...i purchased the game when it was on sale for 20$ ^_^"
76561198000546960,Not Recommended,306130,25481564,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Mr Sinister,"Paid £75 x2 once they took the game off subscription only.Release the gold edition with no thought to the people that supported that previously stated decision, via paying £75 a copy. Had i bought this for £20, i would have no problem with it, i even didnt have a problem with the sales etc, as that was expected, but this gold edition is a step too far for people like us who supported them with a very large investment, leaving us with less content, than people who pay half as much now, as we did back then.............Personally if i were them, i would of spared a thought for those people, who disagreed with the forced subscription, but, stepped straight up and paid such a cost when they removed that fee, and made it so people who paid such a high price, automatically got the DLC when this gold edition released.But, they quite obviously could not care less about our long standing support of not only this game , but all their titles.Shows what you get for your support of some developers and publishers nowadays.Filed a complaint and waiting for a response, until we get a response (or one we are happy with),not another penny will go to this studio ever again, which is sad, since ive been a long supporter of their studio and games.But, what goes around comes around and this has put a top hat on bethesda +zenimax for us, great marketing strategy guys................. a one way ticket to ever less sales."
76561198074165690,Recommended,306130,13109062,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Rrok007,"I love it. It's not Skyrim online, but I wasn't expecting that. It's also not a WoW clone, it does things differently. I love that too. I enjoy the storyline and for once, find the crafting system of an MMO interesting."
76561197980899634,Recommended,306130,11993789,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Cadaver,"I love the Elder Scrolls games. The huge open worlds, the freedom to create the character you want and to go and do whatever you please, the awesome modding scene etc. We all love that right? But not everyone loves MMOs, or at least themepark (WoW-style) MMOs. The restrictions that come with the genre don't really sit well with the freedom that Elder Scrolls games traditionally offer. And perhaps this should have been more of a sandbox game.That said, this game does a very good job of allowing a remarkable degree of customization when it comes to building your avatar. And the world does have that Elder Scrolls vibe. If you appreciate the details, you'll find a lot to enjoy here. Visually the game is a notch above anything else in this series. On ultra-high settings, it looks fabulous. The combat is fast paced and fun. You can play in first-person or third-person as you like. The music, featuring tracks by Malukah, is excellent. Crafting is solid. The zones are huge with lots to explore. I bought this game on Steam and I have played nothing else since.Note - the game does require a sub to play. Some gamers do not like this. Personally, I'd much rather pay a sub than put up with cash shops, lockboxes and the rest of the crap that comes with F2P, but YMMV."
,Recommended,306130,13106413,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Þunres Hamor,"One of the best MMORPGs in a while. This is worth getting, especially if you are a fan of the Elder Scrolls series or RPGs in general. It does the single-player games justice, but also stands on its own as a new epic of this marvelously lore-filled universe. As an avid RPGer, I find the immersion into this game easier to come by than many MMOs on the market."
76561198032853308,Recommended,306130,12854659,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,"Dexter ""Flak""","A very fun game if you like to solo, then you can do that. but it's alot funner if you have a friend or two to play with and maybe join an rp guild more a more roleplay feel experiance."
,Not Recommended,306130,11536433,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,lwquade,"For those of us who are true Elder Scrolls fans this game was a bit of a let down. It feels more like Dark Age of Camelot than Elder Scrolls.  After logging almost 48 hours over a couple days I still found myself with only a couple food recipes and only one drink recipe. Even if you came from the depths of the 9th plane of hell you still know how to make the most basic food stuffs. Let down #1. Let down #2 was the fact that you cant switch from bow to sword untill you are level 15. Even at level one in ALL the previous games (from Arena to Daggerfall to Morrowind to Oblivion to Skyrim, and yes I have them all) you could switch during combat. Its a natural thing to do. Plink em from a far and if they get close switch and finish them with the sword or dagger. Let down #3 was probably one of the biggest. Where are all the herbs and ingredients for making potions and the like? After 48 hours of play and lots of running around looking for crafting materials I had hardly found much of anything useful. Granted in the other games you had to search the barrels and crates but in most of them if you were inside someone elses home and you even looked in a crate or barrel you had the Guard coming after you. now crates and barrels are the only places to ""find"" recipes and items to make food or crafts???? I dont know what Bethesda was thinking but I think, and this is strictly my opinion, they should have stuck to the genre that they did so well for more than a decade. Its not a total loss though. They will still make money off the other folks who like Dark Age of Camelot and other titles like that. Those things I listed broke the game foe me, even if Bethesda was to make it F2P I still wont play it."
,Not Recommended,306130,26557779,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Caboose,"Don't buy it... if you spend over two hours downloading this game they won't refund you because you get fed up with 36 hours and 44 minutes of DOWNLOADING because you can't get the LINK STEAM function to an account... because it doesn't just provide you with a KEY any longer.  So, enjoy.Oh... wait... that seems to be what is happening to me... *rolls eyes dramatically*Also, you won't be able to walk away with crap internet for it to download while you go out to eat or such.  It has pop-ups that will crash the launcher and corrupt it... so You have to SIT infront of the computer and wait.Internet speed is what made me angry... but what killed it was the fact that the launcher CRASHES so much without you sitting infront of it. :/I didn't even get to play the damn game because of not being able to LINK the STEAM game to the ACCOUNT.. so I essentially have a game... with no account.. because I cannot link it... so I cannot play it... nor do I want to spend another day downloading the EXTRA 20GB from the Launcher.  Around 60GB total. :/"
76561198009385906,Recommended,306130,11693920,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,yourafag88888,I don't know why everyone says its a bad game. Maybe i don't play alot of MMO's but this is just a fantastic game imo
,Recommended,306130,12874259,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ASMR King | gamekit.com,"read a lot of bad reviews.. still bought it, and have no regrets what so ever! It's a great game! :) Works like a charm!"
76561197972087529,Not Recommended,306130,11504830,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,novahux,"The Good: nice audio and mostly high quality graphicsThe Bad: Boring, unacceptable lag on a 10Mbit/low ping connection (up to 5 seconds delay for special moves and dialog requests, found myself warping back to a NPC to chat 10 seconds after I pressed the E key once.)No idea if your strikes hit, swords pass through enemies and do no damage.Sloppy QA, NPC's change voice actors mid conversation (see my videos).Did I mention BORING!!."
,Recommended,306130,24058804,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mellow ☯,This is in my opinion the best MMORP.Whole lot of fun to do the quests.But the group dungeons are the best. The community is very nice and friendly to eachother. If you ask in the chat if some people want to do group dungeons they will help you. Even if the lvl distance is incredibly high they will still help you out.
76561198041353300,Recommended,306130,26757917,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,rbswans19,"This is a fun game specially if you are a fan of the Elder Scroll series. The one thing is black smithing, and crafting are so different than anything I've seen before in the series so that does leave to a slight learning curve. But this game is well worth the one payment to play it. As far as the game play I like that you have use magic and still have your hands full of either a 2 handed weapon or 2 one handed weapons. also you don't need to worry about arrows if you use a bow, in this game you don't even see arrows, you just equip the bow and when you get ready to fire and you never run out of arrows. The one drawback of the arrows is specialty arrows like poison are skills and you need skill points to get the speciaty arrows. So in the end if you are looking for an online game that has endless playablity this is it."
,Recommended,306130,24052223,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Whitemage87,"First off, let me say the time registered for me playing the game is WAY lower than it actually is. I've been unable to open the game via Steam since the first couple of days of playing, and as such Steam has not logged the appropriate hours for me.TLDRI honestly can't think of any reason not to buy this game if you're a fan of the series, or just a fan of good games. The pros far outweight the cons, and you don't need a subscription to play.I've been playing this game for over a month now, and I love it. I haven't experienced any of the crashing, or customer service issues other reviewers have complained about, and I can't think of any reason anyone shouldn't play this game if they like TES, and have the money to spend, especially when it's half off.The Pros:-Absolutely gorgeous graphics, even though the game is over 2 years old.-New content is added quite frequently, unlike some MMOs I know-The quests are engaging and woderful, even when they're grey to me I still want to complete them just for the story-With the next big update they will be making all the zones scale with level, so no more quests being grey (yay)-You can steal and assasinate people.. I mean, seriously, need I say more?-Crafting gear isn't some convoluted process. You know how to make things, you just need to up your skill if you want to make those things better. And the crafted gear is actually superior to most gear you can loot (crazy, I know!)-Crafting Enchants and Potions requires learning the effects of the materials used, and you ened to find recipes to make food.-Bank is cross account-Guilds are cross account, and you can join up to 5. I'm talking player guilds, not guilds like the ""Thieves' Guild"".-You can become a vampire or a werewolf, if you're into that sort of thing.-You can dye your armour <3-Probably the best player community I have found so far.-No Subscription!!!!! (but you get benefits if you subscribe, like currency for the in-game store)The Cons:-Achievements are not cross account, you get an achievement once, you have to get it again if you make another character, and that can be kind of annoying for ones like ""Loot an epic item""... However, at least the armour dyes gained from the achievements ARE cross account, so that's good.-Knowledge of enchanting/alchemy items is not cross account, which I know makes sense, but when you spend your time learning all 4 effects of every single potion mat, it would be nice not to have to do it again.-The bank is cross account. I know, it's a pro, but it's also a con. My bank fills up really, really fast, because all of my characters use it.-If you don't subscribe, you don't get the bag for crafting supplies, and supplies can take up a lot of inventory space."
76561198050862442,Recommended,306130,20236861,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,KineticTitan,"This game is one of the best mmos I've ever played if not THE best! I've played wow since the end of burning crusade, played swtor to level cap, dcuo, champions online, lord of the rings online, rift, terra, and this game just has it all. A real immersive world, the best player versus players content out there, fantastic class builds/choices, fluent intuitive gameplay, full UI customization, fantastic voice acting, interesting quests, and difficult dungeons.  I haven't gotten to end game yet, but I am sure as hell enjoying my ride there. From what I've seen and heard about endgame there is plenty to do and a lot to discover. Great game with friends and a fantastic single player experience. Love this game. Reviews of this game the first year it came out are no longer valid. The game had a complete overhaul, most if not all the major flaws were reworked. This game is great and underexplored. It's community is kind and intelligent and within an hour or two of playing you'll most likely've been invited to a role playing or friendly guild with lots to talk about and people to befriend. 10/10"
,Recommended,306130,28350297,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Big Baller,"If you are a fan of the Elder Scrolls Series like I am, this is probably the best thing ever. Otherwise, this is a solid MMO."
76561198225384760,Recommended,306130,25733640,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Haggles,Dope
76561198128977915,Recommended,306130,17193927,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Young Cash Register,This game is pretty much like skyrim in a world of warcraft setting. It is really fun and I suggest others who are interested in the game to by it. It still has some problems but mostly and all around fun game.
,Recommended,306130,16429141,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Resziro,I like this game but Im missing something here like in Guild Wars 2 but IDK what.... Can't stay here for long but enjoyed playing. For the Daggerfall !
76561198028400029,Recommended,306130,23455621,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Serrow,"I'll keep it simple; this game is amazing, but it's got sooo many flaws. I've boiled them down to my main 5 complaints:1. Very difficult to get into it, the learning curve and random quest spacing makes you feel like you're leveling incredibly slowly, regardless of what you're doing.2. Forums are impossible to use. If you're like me and were a part of the Beta Testing, you were never given a key to join the forums. You need to physically go through their Customer Support and have them set up a profile for you manually.3. Customer Support is IMPOSSIBLE to get in touch with. I did everything within my power to try and get in contact with someone, but I was redirected to random unhelpful pages telling me that my only solution was to contact Customer Support.4. Community is a big part of every MMO. You'll have players that spend their whole life in-game, and you'll have those that really don't play that often, then everything inbetween. This game is kinda empty, given there isn't really a community behind it. The ones that do play are either new, or incredibly hardcore about playing. Make a single mistake when running a dungeon and you'll get the boot, regardless of what it is. Same rule applies for a lot of their other ""activites"".5. Paid Expansions.. This always irritates me.. So they advertise ""no subsciptions"", which sounds great - until you want to actually play some of the expansion content that they are shoveling out by the boat load. Don't get me wrong, it's amazing stuff, but they make it so difficult to access, and then put it up behind a pay-wall. So not only do you have to purchase their expansion content, you have to pay a subscription to access that same content that you just purchased. I don't understand that, especially in a game that is advertised as ""no subscription"".Outside of that, the game is pretty great. I'll recommend it to people who want a grind MMO with a good storyline, but if you want a solid all-around MMO.. I don't know if it'll be the one you're after."
,Recommended,306130,24111910,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,curry chicken,best game ever caus its skyrim with other player and its a mess so its cool 168416/20 ign
,Recommended,306130,24113094,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,KnowledgeMan,"I cannot make a choice between burning stick or two-handed pokey sticks. Extremely difficult choice-making game, highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,306130,23405574,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,FireSloth,GG
76561198035915575,Not Recommended,306130,29733872,Posted: 5 February,all,The Quantum of Meruit,"I have never encountered a game so determined to make sure I never get to actually play it.When I first got it all seemed well. It was fun, looked and played nicely, and I had a pretty good time. After leveling a character to 15, things changed. Namely, the game forgot that it was installed on my computer and forced me to redownload it. Upon this redownload I was immediately told ESO had lost my authentication key. Upon getting a new one it forced me to redownload the game. Upon this redownload I was immediately told ESO had lost my authentication key. Upon getting a new one it forced me to redownload the game. Upon this redownload I was immediately told ESO had lost my authentication key. Upon getting a new one it forced me to redownload the game. Upon this redownload I was immediately told ESO had lost my authentication key. Upon getting a new one it forced me to redownload the game. On this final cycle it reached 17% then proceeded to utterly fail to function and slowed down every function on my computer to a crawl. At every step of the way the customer support was incapable of even recognizing that there was a problem.This was such a waste of time and money. The biggest shame is that, were the game to actually let me play it, I would have some fun."
,Recommended,306130,20209905,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Cronto,"This game is amazing, try it for yourself. No Monthly Fee, how can it get any better?I've played this game for 18 hours so far, and the PvP is actually pretty fun."
,Recommended,306130,24105890,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,St. Rekuto,Onboard the ship! To war!
,Recommended,306130,27905465,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Woi,we need asia servers
,Recommended,306130,29175098,Posted: 10 January,all,Tyler minecraft.net,In the short amount of time that I played it its a very fun game.
76561198171505753,Recommended,306130,29175926,Posted: 10 January,all,WearingYourMomsPanties,"Honestly, I think I've played the game for long enough to review it.I've been playing ESO since Beta, before I even bought it on steam, for sure I have over 3000 hours into this game.Along the way I've seen ESO go from a decent MMO to an Amazing MMO. I find there will always be a lot of cry babies in the crowd that will rant and rave about how bad ESO is and how it does not compare to Skyrim, I really don't understand why they would compare a single player game to a MMO anyway, but take it from someone that has been with this game since the very beginning and played more hours than any one person that left a negative comment, that this game is worth every penny that you spend on it.Now with that being said, ESO was the first MMO I've ever played as when it came out I was new into the whole PC gaming world, my Friend that was a Elder Scrolls fan told me this series was awesome so I took his word for it and tried it out. Since that time I've played many MMO's, such as WOW, GW2, BDO, Tera, ect ect, but when it comes down to it nothing can match the quality of the questline and content that ESO has to offer, WoW is the only real game that can even come close to competing in this story rich MMO and WOW to me is just a completely different game style.I think the only thing I really hate about this game is the spell casting, I find spell casting very delayed, I've even found that sometimes you use one spell and it some how uses another spell. I like games that have very responsive spell casting, when you hit the cast it casts instantly, not some small delay.Aside from that I think the lag in Cyrodill is out of hand and still has not got the attention it deserves.Over all this game over time has made massive improvements and I've been there to see them all. The community is growing due to these changes, I remember at one point it was becoming a ghost town, and now it's packed with players. It makes me rather happy to see players come back and be happy in this game that I love so much. I hope that they continue to make positive changes to the game and make improvements as this game is an absolute classic."
,Recommended,306130,23270354,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,✪ jaa_la,"Finished one pact thinking this was over. Moved on to the second pact a year later.Am now on my last map on the last pact.Jesus, this game has no end.Love it.Though it was sad that two years ago the game was not on steam. Now when it is, I could not link it to my existing account. Figured out a way buying a second copy. Regardless of the technicalities - I love the game."
76561198272322107,Recommended,306130,30529445,Posted: 15 March,all,Watashi,great game...
76561198175807906,Recommended,306130,16443605,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Liam Dragonsword,"Fantastic Game and Fantastic Graphics 2/2, Fantastic Story Lines and Online Mode 2/2, FANTASTIC PIXELS AND obviously took a long time to pixel up all together 6/6 (Other Issues: The Main issues were stuck for a long time, The Ayleid Keystone issue, Someone obviously broke the keystone and so it was left not been able to be used for those who needed it that bad & also some places take lots of time for the NPC Character to be/spawn at the place and also takes a while to load the pixels of a place when u go into or a world or monsters u come across) 0/5, Apart from that the game over all rated by me is 4/5!!! Well done developers, (Total: 14/20 Marks) -Liam"
76561198172548686,Recommended,306130,19387905,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,drae_kon,"Fantastic game.  Great graphics.  If you're a fan of the Elder Scrolls series, you definately need this one in your collection."
76561198046654693,Recommended,306130,11947751,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,clarenceboddiger2001,AWSOME GAME!!!!!! I really enjoy this game and although i had to wait so long to get to play it without subscription.......it was WORTH IT!!!!!!!
,Recommended,306130,22157069,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,fateddevil6,great game
,Recommended,306130,20233307,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Pantacool,Very fun game for any Elder Scrolls fan.Cons:Horrible questingVery lengthy leveling.Hard time to get a group.Pros.It lives up to the Elder Scrolls nameIt has very fun fightingIf played with friends could be a blast!i rate it 8.5/10Do buy if you are looking for a decent MMO with great story.
76561198174073641,Recommended,306130,20501511,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,kudis terciduk,Ignored all the negative reviewsNot disappointed at all
,Recommended,306130,31176124,Posted: 16 April,all,Lord Farquaad,"My friend asked if i could buy this for him because he did  ot have the money at the time, and i said i would if he payed me back. snce the steam card is $20 and the game was on sale for $10, i had $10 left over, so i decided to buy it for myself also. iplayed the intro, and thought it was meh, so i got off for the night. after logging back on in the, i couldnt stop playing. its such a fun game, and while being very different from skyrim, the elder scrolls feel is very much there, and i recommend this game to any rpg or multiplayer game fan out there. play with some friends, or even randoms(the community is great, everyones so far has been very nice) and you'll find yourself playing dusk till dawn.(even though i say i cant stop laying, my amount of time to be able to play is limited,thus my play time"
76561198261910184,Recommended,306130,28349826,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Dank Jedi,I played Elder online for Xbox one for the longest time and finally swicthed over to the PC version.  Great MMO plus add the elder lore it adds much depth.  I was an avid WoW player for the longest time and I will say this MMO is up there too.  there still adding much more and thats awesome as well..love the PvP
,Recommended,306130,26929528,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✘,<3
,Recommended,306130,27336657,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kneox,"Amazing game 10/10If you are a fan of the elder scrolls games, you are going to love this"
,Recommended,306130,29713619,Posted: 5 February,all,Vernon Douglas,Become an MMO Nolifer today.
,Recommended,306130,29199030,Posted: 12 January,all,Vimz - h1z1swap.com,Awesome game that I really enjoy playing
,Recommended,306130,26238013,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,avatarumbra,"Ok having put in the product key(something it doesn't tell you upon installation, most steam games i've never had to use it) and playing it for several hours it's great. As an MMO it performs slightly above and beyond most f2p's which is good. The combat is fast paced, feels impactful and grouping is super fun. The world itself is gorgeous andf massive meaning I feel this will be another mmo I waste hours of time on. Game got alot of slack when it launched but it seems to have a come a long way and I can't wait to play more. The DLC's all look pretty cool too."
76561198070389598,Recommended,306130,27012818,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kerbs,wow look at those grapics man super niice
76561198057800651,Recommended,306130,23073151,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,HappyChicken,Really good looking.high amount of quests and nice community.However you need a friend...
76561198048566751,Recommended,306130,23548322,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Sumthinlikethat,Great game
76561198207894588,Recommended,306130,26912325,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Carlos,Its not quite Skyrim But its not bad
76561198030367184,Recommended,306130,26932575,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zachmensch,Good
76561198024190202,Recommended,306130,26548635,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,HÖRS£,May your scales stay moist.
76561198046365802,Recommended,306130,23474063,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Mysterious Penguin Revolution,"had all stolen armor, was arested, and released naked. Took a dagger ran around stabing random people. Sold items from the dead for money bought real armor, and was killed by gaurds. 10/10 would stab random people again"
,Recommended,306130,26690448,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Hjs02,11/10 muslim praying simulator. 11/10 Killing rats simulator. 11/10 vomit simulator. 11/10 can hammer people d1cks. 11/10 kicking beggers simulator.
76561198282319831,Recommended,306130,29638158,Posted: 1 February,all,Matthew_Gaming,gg
,Recommended,306130,26695914,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Servine / wildcase.com,Bethesda is back at it again with the good game!
,Recommended,306130,20044572,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kat,Good game
76561197993611814,Recommended,306130,26756046,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,offspring,"Being playing this for a while now i love the gameplay ,love the graphics but the money grabbing store ruins it , I would much more prefer if i could just buy all the add ons and content in a full once off price and i think this is where the game is so let down .Look its cheap but i would have liked to pay 60 euros and get the whole game instead of 10 euros and have to pay hundreds of euros to look good, pity."
,Recommended,306130,28546902,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CDub,Skyrim with Friends.
,Recommended,306130,20469585,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Miixers,"Small story about how am I started playing this game.I bought it for 2759 russian rubles.Part 1. Downloading.I wanted to call this part a ♥♥♥♥ING DOWNLOADING PART, but to tell the truth there was no difficulties in downloading. But it was ery idiotic. At first, Steam downloaded 40GB of game.(I dont remember this ♥♥♥♥ing number). Next, I found out that steam only downloaded a ZENIMAX LAUNCHER!!1111!!ONE. After this, ♥♥♥♥ing launcher downloaded also 40gb of game. And finally - launcher did a ♥♥♥♥ing unpacking!!!!111!!!ONE. After this all ♥♥♥♥ing and idiotic acts, I started playing. Not so ♥♥♥♥ing game requested to write a code in an e-mail. I waited it for 15-20 minutes. So when I wrote it, game was slowed down for a minute.Part 2. Playing. It was easy and fast to make character and playing first mission. I selected NORD RACE!!11!!!ONE. And nightblade class. After some missions I just stopped completing them and begun to STEAL ♥♥♥♥ING THINGS!!!!111!!!!ONE. I was very lucky doing this. And I found a bag: If you restart the game, your fine will be annuled.Part 3. Noname part. One day I opened the game and start connecting to server, but I waited 5 10 15 minutes and nothing happened. Then I checked cache. THERE WAS ♥♥♥♥ING 752 UNINSTALLED FILES. 752 ♥♥♥♥ING FILES!!!!11!!!ONE. AFTER DOWNLOADING ALSO 23 GB, LAUNCHER STARTED TO DOWNLOAND ALSO 23 GB, AND ♥♥♥♥ING UNPACK!!!!11!!!!!ONEIf you more like other TES than Skyrim it's your dream."
76561197971751217,Recommended,306130,26740343,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,stoic,very fun. Had a blast during the three day trial. going to buy it.
76561198352403710,Recommended,306130,28645000,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,malcolm.r.chalifoux,Love it
,Recommended,306130,23305945,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Lightning Worshipper,this game is getting good.... randomly kill guards that are levels higher than you and follow wherever other players lead to....
,Recommended,306130,26744308,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Pun Demon,"I'm still unfamiliar with certain content in the game, but I'm absolutely sure it's worth its 10 bucks if you bought it on the sale. Still not sure if the DLCs from the Gold Edition are good enough, but maybe it's just me, I really don't like those guilds they give you an ability to join, like Dark Brotherhood and Thieves Guild. Anyway, in my opinion, $10 is just the right price.7.899/10"
,Recommended,306130,20706768,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Damp Towels,This game is so much fun it made me yuckblast all over my keyboard10/10 would yucky again
,Recommended,306130,31232785,Posted: 19 April,all,Sald Voi,"I'm writing this at 4am...I'm developing a problem, this game is absolutely addiciting. I haven't played an mmo that's grasped my attention so intensly as ESO has. As a big Elder Scrolls fan, this game hits the nail on the head, and then some. I remember trying out the closed beta a couple of years ago and I wasn't too impressed by the game at the time (plus I wasn't willing to pay the monthly fee), so I didn't get it at launch. A few months ago I saw this was on sale for like 10 or 15 bucks and said ""why not?"". I can tell you that the game is significantly better compared to how it was at release. A lot has changed and things (so far) are working, looking, and flowing damn well. Not many bland 'fetch' quests, and if there are any, they're pretty well ""disguised"". There's a lot of content here. The main quest line and the side quests feel as though tons of effort was put into each one to make the player's experience as immersive and dynamic as possible. The world is absolutely mesmerizing to take in (I suggest setting a hotkey to disable your hud from time, to time), everything is absolutely gorgeous, though I will say there aresomecopy-pasted architectures here and there, not a big deal though. Servers run great so far, with occassional rubber banding. Classes feel superb (but then again I haven't played an mmo in over 10 years) and weapons and armors look and behave really well. Which brings me to the combat, which doesnotfeel like the boring traditional click-and-wait combat of most mmo's. You need to be strategic, have a solid skill devotion, and actually perfrom your attacks! It's very engrossing, I suppose, but nothing particularly mind-blowing or even above average compared to many single player games, etc. Overall, definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,306130,31232806,Posted: 19 April,all,Blustasis,"I'll admit I hadn't expected this game to pull itself out of the dumpster fire it threw itself into upon release in 2014. It has come a long way since then. I've only put in about a dozen hours so far, but I have loved every single minute of it. The quests are not your typical MMO, ""Go here, kill some number of these things, come back, collect reward"" each quest feels interesting and natural. I find myself walking through the world excited to see the markers for new quests because they are so much fun. The voice acting for each and every character is pure joy upon the ears. It isn't your typical MMO, while there are skills to be used, the skill tree is definitely nothing in comparison to something like WoW. It's an inviting first time MMO, not too complicated and with simple controls and mechanics. I think at this point it has finally delivered on its initial promise of being Skyrim, but with friends. I actually think that some elements are better than Skyrim and I hope that they will be incorperated into the next Elder Scrolls game, whenever it is released."
76561198069613299,Not Recommended,306130,31519033,Posted: 2 May,all,Troy,This game is the biggest peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥i've ever bought don't waste your time or money on it the game will be fun when u get to play it but 90 % of the time u will login to play and u will get to play for about 2-5 minutes if u are lucky other wise u will just randomly for no reason get sent back to the login menu over and over no matter what u do to fix it and when u send in a suport ticket all they will tell u to do is look on the wiki for other people who have had this problem and u can try to do everything other people say to do but nothing will work u will still get sent to the login menu over and over
76561198091486043,Not Recommended,306130,31508287,Posted: 2 May,all,TheInvisibleRabbit,It would be a nice game... if you could play it. The game is down weekly for maintenance that lasts the whole day. As a european you are unable to play it until the late evening. I honestly hope that people don't subscribe for this poor service. I am already disappointed that I can hardly play a game I spend money on.
,Not Recommended,306130,31508572,Posted: 2 May,all,Gabi,"I strongly recommend you not to buy the game or a subscription. What these guys do it's just embarrassing. Just look on how many people complain about the problems and offline time for ""maintenance""!"
76561198319885878,Recommended,306130,26718908,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Sparks,very good i love it i love it i love it i love it
76561197990654803,Recommended,306130,31415699,Posted: 28 April,all,Zanefold,"Played the console version, at it was awful (will state that when I tried the console version it was close to when it first came out, and they did change a lot since then), the PC version was a much better experience for me and would recommend the game for those who love MMO's and the elder scrolls story."
76561198111055659,Not Recommended,306130,31406792,Posted: 27 April,all,kenny_clem,DO NOT BUY THROUGH STEAM.  It has been an utter nightmare simply getting the game to start up.  Into week two still haven't actually been able to play the game because of the the way it works through Steam.  Save yourself the the desire to blow your brains out and just buy it through the Elder Scrolls website.
,Recommended,306130,20226606,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Artikus,Sadece 8 saat oynadım ve mutluluktan ağlıyorum
,Recommended,306130,23413197,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Kernel,I love the loading screen! I loved it so much i had no choice but to stay on it!10/10
,Recommended,306130,31444999,Posted: 29 April,all,Whalachai,"ignore my casual hours on this. game isnt bad. i played the beta and never got into it. saw it onsale and a free weekend so i gave it another shot. was a lot of players online on the free weekend. was really fun. bought the game for 10 dollars. been basically going solo in the game, which is fine with me. havnt got much into all the aspects of the game but it is fun to kill time with.the crown system seems a little expensive.UPDATE: just finished the main quest line of this game at level 31. played about 99 percent of it solo. ran into some quest (not main ones) that required a group. that was a little upsetting, but i guess thats kinda the point of the game. will continue to play.think its the games coding cause in some areas (coming out of some building in some towns) i experienced frame rate drops, and i know its not my computer (specs listed on my profile). tried some changes as i saw online and it helped but never actually solved the problem.i still have plenty more to explore and do, and morrowind comes out in a few days so it will keep me busy."
76561198048580542,Recommended,306130,17264982,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,WetEcho,"great game, fun world to explore and play in."
,Recommended,306130,23576695,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mountaineer,There is a elder scrolls game here but since it is an MMO you're gonna do some serious grinding.
76561198076025253,Recommended,306130,23589424,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,SpankBang,"If you're looking to play Skyrim Online, you'll be dissapointed. Still it's a good game and a great MMO"
,Recommended,306130,18257987,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,"Colin ""Big Sexy"" Mochrie","Played the game, it broke my GPU.Got a new one, it has not yet to brake it.I still want to kill myself."
,Recommended,306130,24098316,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Phil,Just buy it already. 10/10
,Recommended,306130,20438735,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,herij-,limitless world of MMORPG
76561198123085459,Recommended,306130,20410715,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Triple7s,day 1: started playing game with friends. relatively unchallenging.day 2: started dungeons. relatively unchallenging.day 3: out of nowhere start getting one-shot by mobs. forgot to repair armor10/10 would forget to repair armor again
76561198030299914,Recommended,306130,18638281,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,TheHeavyMetallist,I love this game and i hate it unless you know someone whith the game it is very hard if not imposoble to solo on numirous ocation's i have tried to get help from other player's but on the most part they don't use headphone's so talking to other players in play is not possible at the moment a emote system is available but next to no one uses them allso at the moment you can not use a controller such as xbox or xboxone i believe a patch will be released on november 2nd.My next rant is Guild's at the time i have only had on guild invitation a orc guil but i had to restart since the nothing guild's apear to be dead or the one's  that are the are making unrealistic demand's on the part time or newbie player my advise to you is not don't by but be carefull about it as a perchise there is loads of video's online whatch a few and decide if you realy have the time and money needed to invest in what i see as a fading out of date game allthough the game is Still being updated by the deve's i am still playing though  with fingers crossed
76561198124929150,Recommended,306130,19479391,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Kirri,"Great game, tons of fun. Love all the stories and lore, the crafting, the pvp. Everything. Lot of fun."
,Recommended,306130,16495240,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,kris2far,Great Game :D
,Recommended,306130,16480807,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,sleep,"I see why people hate on this game so much, its because you have no one to play with and I got to admit it is pretty boring if your playing by yourself so try to get your friend to buy it! :)"
76561198046041372,Recommended,306130,16286839,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,scryingblind,"Very buggy with long loading screens that are frequently infinite. Combat is ok-ish. Armor and weapon styles arent anything to write home about.ESO does have a ton of potential.Currently, the most fun I have in this game is pickpocketing."
76561198088746197,Recommended,306130,16964673,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,The Rock,THEY REMOVED THE MONTHLY PAYMENTS SO ITS ALL GOOD IN DA HOOD
76561198155483678,Recommended,306130,17024587,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Z Ξ R O,i got loged out all the duckings time... idk y ?!?!?! but its a good game :)
,Recommended,306130,26724044,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Burnt Toast,Awesome game
76561198063506469,Recommended,306130,26724194,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,"Vevik, Ratlord of Filth",i leeelk it
76561198155905384,Recommended,306130,18473570,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,VectorCB7,"great rpg, the only things that bother me are: 1 you can not kite enemies effectifly (you have to make turns around them cuz if you go to far they'll get full health again and they return to their original spot). 2 the choices you make do not have any matter(most of the time), the story won't change at all. 3 the bosses aren't really bosses in the begining (they are just slightly stronger mobs that need 1 extra hit to kill. 4 almost everything can be solo'd and if you go in a group there's no challenge at all.but it's combat is really cool and it's very story rich, there are a lot of memorable characters.definitly a game worth checking out."
,Recommended,306130,18148129,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Yoda-Plusch-23,so i bought this game twice one time onhttp://www.elderscrollsonline.com/and then here on steam do i need to tell you more its ♥♥♥♥in awesome DÜDE... just buy it and have funZZon a scale from one to 10 i give it a solid 9 1/8 points thats pretty good for a mmo! right?good job BoyZ and Gurls
,Recommended,306130,20196173,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mordi (Dead),"A very different and unique kind of MMO. It still has the amazing features every Elder Scroll game has but it captures the online thrill perfectley, as you dont feel like its online in the sense of non stop fighting but it has a lovley idea of quests!9/10"
,Recommended,306130,25902554,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡nyse,"played for about 10 hours, and later when i wanted to play it again i found out there was a 39GB patch waiting for meabsolutely noice"
,Recommended,306130,30041332,Posted: 19 February,all,2xRainbow,"I would realy like to have a Turkish support on this game me and my Turkish friends realy liked this game but sadly most of us did not understand the story lead or anything other then the basics in all honesty. If needed I would like to be involved in any translation progress to help this game language support for Turkey. Beside that game is realy good but it would be perfect if we could co op main story missions, that is something we realy wanted to happen. 8/10"
,Recommended,306130,32787340,Posted: 25 June,all,ABagOfCheneys,It's alright.
,Recommended,306130,32713036,Posted: 23 June,all,DarkHatZ,HOW IS THE EXPANSION PACK MORE EXPENSIVE THAN THE BASE GAME???
76561197993989690,Recommended,306130,26713723,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,DIE ANOTHER DAY !,"เกมส์ตะลุยโลกล้านปีที่ทำดีขึ้นทุกครั้งที่อัพเดท = ="""
76561198054239622,Recommended,306130,31263145,Posted: 20 April,all,Cp Patrick,Good game
76561198052612150,Recommended,306130,28866705,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,insanient,Nice
76561198170616494,Recommended,306130,18536507,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Surtha,So far enjoying this game while playing on an irregular basis.
,Recommended,306130,24559957,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Baikā,"a great mmo rpg with elder scrolls lore , and optimizing is pretty good"
76561198123366404,Recommended,306130,31171971,Posted: 15 April,all,Sam175,it good
76561198098601012,Not Recommended,306130,31167268,Posted: 15 April,all,Mufasa_,"very fun game, but even after about 3 years still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and im still finding new glitches every week. it just automatically signed me out of my NA user, a user ive had for about 2 years, And now i can only log into EU servers without giving me the option to switch? please fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198184082597,Recommended,306130,33333820,Posted: 6 July,all,BADTIMETIM,♥♥♥♥♥ its good
76561198079817754,Recommended,306130,31134730,Posted: 14 April,all,AlexOfRivia,Good MMORPG
,Recommended,306130,26695720,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,BestPlebEu,"it's probably still one of the best MMORPG out at the time, people are hating on it only because they expected it to be Skyrim online. you bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198271917455,Recommended,306130,26712303,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,85BananaBoy85,I don't have too many hour but I love the game so far!!!
,Recommended,306130,25832325,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Psilocybic,way better now that theyre pumping out sexy updates but lots of in game purchases are over expensive like 25$ for a pet the size of my foot no one even sees so its kinda ment that way even dlcs like you sporta need them end game to have some more fun and get that sexy gear from them but they cost alot and some should just be in the game. other than alot of the unnecessary purchases and slow almost boring grind its probably the best mmo around in my opinion just get a friend to play with so its more fetishable.
,Recommended,306130,32782967,Posted: 25 June,all,Cyriptik,♥♥♥♥ing amazing game.  Still gotta buy all the DLC but its great
,Recommended,306130,32864909,Posted: 27 June,all,xlvii,oyunu skyrim mmosu olarak görmeyin
76561198166165803,Recommended,306130,29513674,Posted: 26 January,all,KubiKibu,"I am a big fan of follow game series:- Baldur's Gate- Diablo- Heroes of Might and Magic- Age of Empires- Fallout- Age of Wonders- Pillars of Enternity- CivilizationIf you only like 3 of all above, I recommend let try this game and Im sure you will not regret :)"
,Recommended,306130,16923925,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Quietly Confident,"ESO is a good game. It's enjoyable, it's fairly pleasing to the eye, it's set in Tamriel for all the grandeur that brings and for the most part it really is rather immersive.But... One cannot help but compare ESO to other games. As an MMORPG it pales in comparison to the likes of Guild Wars 2 in terms of scope, story telling, design (both visually and in terms of game mechanics) and that all important player experience.As an Elder Scrolls game it feels really lacking. You will remember your first couple of playthroughs in Oblivion or Skyrim: you find yourself in the middle of an enormous new world and you could set off in any direction you pleased and do whatever tickled your fancy. This had a lot to do with the dynamic levelling system where the monsters around you scaled in difficulty as you increased in level and experience. This approach just doesn't work in an MMORPG (although GW2 has a good shot at it) so that classic ES freedom to roam is badly hampered by all those big scary beasts twice your level who will rip you to shreds whilst you attempt a scenic tour.I know this sounds like I am pushing you away from this game, but in truth I am warning you that you really can't help but compare this game to others you have played, and the results won't please you. If you have played GW2 or any previous Elder Scrolls game you may be dissapointed, if you haven't then you will love it (though for the price I'd highly recommend a look at the new expansion coming out for GW2 first).In summary: ESO is a great game, and plays well... but be aware that there are better games out there that you might want to try first!"
,Recommended,306130,24256918,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Morriazh,It's basically Skyrim Online. So what's not to like. And I can have pink armour. GUYS. PINK ARMOUR!!!
76561198204682861,Recommended,306130,32914450,Posted: 27 June,all,Harper,"The game is really fun and has a lot of quests. Really good quests with really good stories. One of the only MMORPGs that have lore that I actually read and enjoy.The quests also actually have variety and don't seem too repetitive. Not just simply ""slay 15 of this"" or ""gather 15 of that"", they instead put a lot of time into each quest and make you actually want to help the people who give you quests. They simply have personality and its nice.My only negative feeling about it, is that I never really feel the need to explore areas (sometimes) that don't have a quest because usually, I can't find anything useful besides a random chest with a few good items. However the art work and land scapes are beautiful so that sometimes alone draws me into exploring random areas."
,Recommended,306130,28665306,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fil,The menu looks good.
76561198076732394,Recommended,306130,32213086,Posted: 5 June,all,kaio,good game
,Recommended,306130,20179895,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MrFox <(^-^)>,"Married my best friend, because we could. 10/10"
,Recommended,306130,29996906,Posted: 17 February,all,Shamr0x,I played ESO on PS4 and maxed out a character. I stopped playing for about a year. I decided to give it a try when I heard Morrowind was coming out and picked it up on PC. I was sad that I couldn't transfer my character from PS4 to PC but the game has gone through some very good improvements and I am actually enjoying leveling in a zone I didn't play in on PS4. This game is fun and any fan of the series should appreciate that.
,Recommended,306130,26316432,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Light_Phoenix,"Great game, took me months to complete but i think they ruined the fact that it's an mmo by adding in one tamriel because there is no point in leveling or grinding anymore because the difficulty is the same in a nooby area even when your a high level."
76561198079924815,Recommended,306130,26312799,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Belka,"Really interesting game with a lot of positive motions. Here are a lot of interesting quests, good grafics even when on the low settings. A lot of opportunities and skills. Even if in Oblivion and Skyrim you didnt find any information about this part of time which is in The Elder Scrolls Online, its not depending on your game vision cuz all of this is heppening in more then 1000 years before Skyrim. So, my opinion, this game is really cost this money and this is really good game for playing alone or with friends after work or in relax time. Great game from the great series!"
,Recommended,306130,30502264,Posted: 13 March,all,bdw,Good
76561198025386149,Recommended,306130,28239481,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Heartthew,"This is truly the best MMORPG I personally could ever play.I am fascinated by the depth of lore and variety in the Elder Scrolls universe, and have greatly enjoyed Morrowind and Oblivion, and to a lesser extent quite enjoyed Skyrim.  This one trumps them all, for the sheer smoothness of mechanics and vastness of world.Very little depth removed (no stock of or variety in arrows, no big deal...) and every system streamlined. Levelled enemies wherever you go, and a zillion skill trees. Same deep story and wry humor as always in the Elder Scrolls, infinite replayability...Get it!"
76561197979154129,Recommended,306130,28316618,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Midorith,Fun fun fun if you like MMORPG =D
,Recommended,306130,28242816,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,123,love ti
76561198112952123,Recommended,306130,28245398,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ljw316,The very first thing you have to realize is that this is not Skyrim or Oblivion. This is a MMO game set in the Elder Scrolls universe. There are many quest and activities to keep you busy whether you're into PVE or PVP. I was really impressed with the amount of content for single player (my preferred way of playing any game). Definitely worth a try.
76561198063616869,Recommended,306130,28273750,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Spl0dg3,like crack
76561198005832897,Recommended,306130,28270207,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Thunder Gun,"buy it and be hooked, almost as bad as warcraft crack"
76561198205120429,Recommended,306130,28315400,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,NeoTonic,best mmorpg game :)
,Recommended,306130,24081792,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Frenchman,"Bought Imperial Edition while it was on sale for 30$. (Really good deal btw) Not looking at the game itself, the install is a total pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ You download a ~56 GB game on Steam and you expect it to be done right? NO. You have to sit through the launcher updates and patches (30-45 mins depending on how good your internet is), but I digress. Getting into the gameplay and performance it runs like Skyrim if not better, and you get a WoW feel from it (duh, its a MMO RPG). The reason I bought this game was not for the side quests, but rather for the multiplayer combat. I feel its kinda cruel yet a good decision to make multiplayer battles only available to level 10+. Its cruel because you force someone to sit through about 3 and a half hours of questing and grinding to level a character enough to actually meet the bare minimum to go fight in Cyrrodil. However, this makes it so that you aren't a little level 4 going in and fighting a level 50+ no lifer. So far I have thoroughly enjoyed this game and look forward to playing even more."
76561198018744215,Recommended,306130,28272928,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Marduk,This one says that the game is great.  But definitely add mods.  Original UI is lacking.
,Recommended,306130,28270339,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,乡.$uPaHiGhツ™,"I love this game its honestly the best MMoRPG game I have ever played,well done Bethesda."
,Recommended,306130,28268053,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,kambiing,"Few months ago the game got an update, one tamriel, this changes everything.Usually in a traditional mmo you HAVE to complete an area to get to the next one because you just not powerfull enough to progress.Right now, EVERYONE have basicly have the max level base stats, but not the gear and skill level, this makes playing it awfully a lot like previous title of elder scroll. You can roam in any area and the level will be ""sync'd"".Only downside for me is they often overpriced stuff a little."
,Recommended,306130,19996048,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nebetron,"Wow such a pretty game, i like creative games. ^^"
76561198063093258,Recommended,306130,27298562,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,weekz,If you love elder scrolls lore just buy it. The places in the game are amazing. Exploring tamriel is just a wonderful feeling.
,Recommended,306130,20021715,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Alermyx( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Download is taking AGES
76561198313990690,Recommended,306130,28200176,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Marikoさん,"The Best MMORPG,its unique.999/10"
76561198085190418,Recommended,306130,25758011,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,CowDragons | Blabidy | TTV,"Been looking for a good mmo to sink myself into, ever since Runescape became as boring as it is (and that was a long time ago). And I think ESO might be it, I'm happy with my purchase and look forward to the years of content it will provide."
76561198100626542,Recommended,306130,20287382,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,nf0rcer | Vacum,Great game!
,Recommended,306130,20288135,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Leslie Nielsen,very gud.
,Recommended,306130,31138272,Posted: 14 April,all,Contemplare,now featuring cats
76561198047628300,Recommended,306130,32370833,Posted: 12 June,all,SMW,is good
76561198355036503,Recommended,306130,32379687,Posted: 12 June,all,Ozone,I got a lightning wolf on my first roll out of some crate. 10/10 -Psionic Gaming
,Recommended,306130,32379782,Posted: 12 June,all,Celeritas,Epic PvPGorgeous PvEAwesome community
,Recommended,306130,23903175,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,honeytata,every week a new update comes out that takes 2 hours to install
76561198144454958,Recommended,306130,31116275,Posted: 13 April,all,superclassicmario,its a great MMORPG
,Recommended,306130,29985991,Posted: 17 February,all,Olivera Dotax2.com,<3
,Recommended,306130,29979123,Posted: 16 February,all,AX03,it is good
,Recommended,306130,31146039,Posted: 14 April,all,c o d y,peru ratas
76561198072074442,Recommended,306130,19495386,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Bjornster,I love this game. It's a huge world and great value for your money tbh. Use some mods for map locations and combat etc and you will have a great time. 10/10
76561198199022661,Recommended,306130,28332252,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,bdhook,"I played this game in beta and was disappointed. After it launched, the feedback I got from friends and community sites confirmed everything I wasn't liking in beta, so I didn't jump in. Recently, I started reading about the One Tamriel update and the expansions. It looked like they might have addressed many of my concerns, so I decided to give it another shot.This game is now a solid Elder Scrolls game. When I play, I really get the feeling that I'm playing a Skyrim-like game (minus the ability to pause or reload). The graphics are great even on low (I'm playing on a machine purchased for battery life and office performance, not gaming). The mechanics offer enough complexity to require paying attention, but they aren't so complicated that they distract you from what is going on.In particular, the Dark Brotherhood expansion is great. I really wondered how they would pull off that kind of gameplay in a multiplayer world, but what they did works quite well. The game is largely soloable at early levels, but occassionally you are thrown a quest that requires help. Sometimes you get an NPC to help, other times you have to grab one or more players to help out. The removal of level barriers makes it so that you can group with anyone you find.Much of the world is open and seamless, which is fantastic. Sure, there are dungeons and such that require load times, but even most large cities can be entered without hitting a door or load screen. It seems like I spend less time loading in this game than I did in Skyrim, which is pretty impressive considering how seamless Skyrim was and that ESO is an MMO.All things considered, I like the game so far on this go-around."
,Recommended,306130,28974624,Posted: 3 January,all,DuvalierRock,"This game is pretty fun. Just like any other Elder Scrolls games but this time it's in MMORPG.Advantage:Has a feel of playing Elder ScrollsFirst online game for an Elder Scrolls gameCan be played with SteamOpen world can explore all of TamrielCan put additional name as in RPing name like ""Duvalier Rocketfinger""Disadvantage:Other reviews towards ESO isn't that greatOnly 5 ability buttons to use unlike MMORPGs like WoWThe graphics felt like a downgrade from Skyrim"
76561198245853738,Recommended,306130,27296286,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Llamaz,Fun
,Recommended,306130,27529739,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Uncle Demon,Has the Elder scrolls feel and there are tons of things to do.  The same freedom to use any build as the standalone games is here.  25 quest limit is annoying.  If you aren't into crafting you can easily do without the subscription option.
76561197999176654,Recommended,306130,34832265,Posted: 9 September,all,JB3000,"Been balls deep playing this. Enjoy the combat system and player build. Many ingame things to keep players busy for hours an hours. Runs very well, have not had any crashes. Anything Elder Scrolls you should know is great. Add MMORPG to the list. oh, no month to month payment. DLC to boot. Happy with, Money well spent!"
76561198116983009,Recommended,306130,24060454,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,GlowStickSauce,"I make memes. Games cool though, play with friends, it's a lot better. I think, I spend my time on steam so I have no friends, I'll never get a girlfriend, I wish I had a life. But it's a cool game, play it with friends, if you aren't like me and have none."
,Recommended,306130,34844373,Posted: 9 September,all,PhiliWilli,"Why's the base game called ""Tamriel Unlimited"" if half the map is DLC? More like ""Tamriel Divided"" amirite? Good Game though, would recommend."
76561198058449870,Recommended,306130,34845431,Posted: 9 September,all,Garrick,"This review is in September 2017, so ESO is almost 4 years old and still going strong.I don't like MMOs as a rule.  I tried quite a few of them, including WoW, and they were all too grindy to be enjoyable.  At first I would like them, but as I leveled up the grind would get worse.  Eventually I would quit and find that I actually felt much better after quitting.  That has happened to me when changing jobs, suggesting that the MMOs become too much like work rather than entertainment.I resisted ESO for a couple of years.  I am a big ES fan and I did not want a MMO game because it would prevent single player game development (which it has).  Eventually my daughter talked me into trying it.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The main reasons I like ESO are:1. Progress can be made even with casual play.  It is easy to get to max level compared to many MMOs.2. There can be grind for top tier items, but the game is designed so that those top tier items are only ~3% better than items that are fairly easy to acquire.3. There is a lot of single-player content.  The quests are very good (better than Skyrim, imo).4. PVP is optional.  I was never interested in PVP but I tried it and it is fun in small doses.  There is no penalty for being killed.  It is also possible to gain PVP rank even if you suck (like me).5. There is no pay to win.  There is a little pay for convenience, mostly storage space.  The real world money only stuff is limited to costumes and some exclusive houses.  The costumes are not really better than items you can find/make.6. There are 4 player group dungeons and 12 player group dungeons.  It is easy to get a group for the 4 player dungeons using the group finder tool.  I do not do the 12 player dungeons because I do not have time; they are not essential.7. I have never grinded once.  Sure, you can grind, but it just means you get to a place you will get to anyway, only sooner.8. The in game community is pretty great for a MMO.  Sure, there are jerks, but it is easy to find guilds that are full of helpful people.  You can join up to 5 player guilds, which allows you to try a guild to see if you like it.9.  You can respec your character, so no being stuck with something you no longer like.  It costs about 12000 gold at max level, which is about the amount you would earn in a few hours of play.Here are what I perceive are the cons of ESO:1. It is a MMO.  It is not Elder Scrolls 6.  That said, I actually like it much more than I did Skyrim.2.  The biggest con is simply than other people can ruin the immersion.  You might want to be a thief on a stealth mission, but another player might run through the same area just killing all the guards.3.  Some of the costumes, pets and mounts are not terribly lore-friendly imo, so you might be a brave knight ready to lead your group into the deadly dungeon, but your group consists of a guy wearing a towel, a drunken jester and a brightly glowing cat.4.  I said that end game items did not need grinding, or the ones that did are not needed.  There is one exception: Veteran Maelstrom Arena is a max level single player challenge that rewards you with weapons that can be better than alternatives.  It takes a long time to complete, it is very grindy, and I have never heard anyone call it a ""fun"" experience.  The worst part it that your reward is random, and it can take many runs to get what you want.  Luckily it is not essential.5. I do not think the PVP is that great.   The open world PVP consists of either surprise attacks (ambushes) or steamrolling smaller groups with bigger groups.  There is little in the way of skill or tactics.  Although fun at first, taking castles and resources gets old quick.  It lacks a meaningful overall goal.  Small group PVP was added recently, called Battlegrounds, which may appeal to hardcore PVPers.Overall, I think ESO is a very good game, and a great MMO for casual and semi-casual players.Edit: The hours played in Steam does not reflect my overall hours played, which must be 1000 or so.  That does not sound very casual, but it is about 10 hours a week for 2 years."
,Recommended,306130,32730608,Posted: 24 June,all,Lennie,Mudcrabs are the highlight of this game. Along with that random blind guy. <3
,Recommended,306130,25964134,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,404 spray not found,Elder Proc's Online. The pvp gameplay is similar to Overwatch and CSGO. just use any proc sets and play in first person.
,Recommended,306130,29687912,Posted: 4 February,all,Junk To Let 'Er Rip,Best
76561198218660337,Recommended,306130,30225376,Posted: 27 February,all,KotoSage,Good game so far.
76561198027257277,Recommended,306130,30217007,Posted: 27 February,all,Rottenheim,"The Elder Scrolls Online.The title itself should be reason enough to buy this game.Now into the more serious reasonings:The game feels and flows like skyrim with better graphics and it does not really strangle your computer either.The UI and skillbar is very adaptable for your playstyle and preferences, so is also character creation and shaping (lvl up system), there are so many good points about this game I can't list them all due to space limitations.Now, let's talk about Crown store and what you can buy in the game. First of all, there is no pay to win model at work here, it is all vanity items with one exception, the EXP scroll which very marginally boosts xp gain, for a whopping 10%. This is not enough to warrant constantly buying them. Still, you do get some crowns to spend if you buy the game nontheless, and quite a good sum if you got the gold edition (700 crowns, enough to buy a good looking mount!).Still, there are certain important things to know of in this game.The community is helpful, RP players don't need to worry much, most people just ride along and enjoy the fun with you in public (which is rare!). There are also guilds with functionality for flavour, but since you can join up to five guilds, the special feeling of beloning to a guild could be ruined.Still, if you do join a roleplaying guild, there are a lot of fun PVE and PVP content to ride along with your friends.Massive trading guilds with 400+ members are always a option if you want to find certain items for your lategame gear, with no need to leave your RP'ing guild. Just take what you can with the options available to you! If you don't like the roleplaying guilds, there are even more options for you.This game is a blast, you can enjoy it solo and/or with friends in the way you prefer to do it. Dungeon finder will demand multiplayer but you could simply ignore those and walk the lonely path of solo quests instead if you wish.Elder scrolls can be what you want it to be. An open mind with a happy attitude will most likely find many friends here.Angry gamers with no tolerance for RNG and who has high demands on everything they do, won't enjoy this game as much. Especially if they are going to buy crown crates and expect to win the lottery, take it for what it is, sometimes the ticket will win you a cool mount. Most often you shall not win one...  - It's optional and wont bring any kind of advantages over any other player.I highly recommend this game.I am a guildmaster for a small and personal roleplaying guild called The Shadow Society in the Ebonheart pact.I love this game."
,Recommended,306130,26726186,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Lone,"After spending years as a hard-core raider in WoW, my only question to myself is why I didn't quit sooner to play ESO. This game is fantastic. Sure there are a few things I dislike, but nothing that I can't live with or can't be fixed. Too many ppl come thinking this is Skyrim and it's not it's an mmo. Try it out with an open mind (it's not wow or any other mmo), it's its own world full of awesome lore and gameplay."
76561198162687337,Recommended,306130,34801827,Posted: 7 September,all,ivoRY,"I seriously love this game so much. There are endless stories to follow, every day is different as you never know what online players are near you. I'll team up and play with my friend with one character and then other days I'll play by myself with another character and just try to team up with random people online to work together to take down some bosses. Great buy!"
,Recommended,306130,24035816,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Trinitromethylbenzenetoluene,IT GOOD GAMEI PLAY ALL DAYVERY GOOD GAME YES
76561197995935157,Recommended,306130,27945294,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hentaime-sama,"Haven't played much, looks good though."
,Recommended,306130,23913818,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,JKlutch,This game is beautiful and addictive.
,Recommended,306130,27939964,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Greensea,"Despite being an MMO this is still very much an Elder Scrolls game, especially with the recent One Tamriel update which allows you to travel anywhere at anytime. The game is also faithful to the lore.Positives include:+Thousands of quests that are both interesting and varied in length+Good crafting and research system+Incredibly helpful community that is welcoming to new players+Fun PvP based around sieging and capturing keeps+Large amount of end game content including trials and dungeonsNegatives include:-Lack of a transmog system means you can't change the appearance of existing armour, so some of the best sets in the game only appear in a single style-Getting some of the most desirable loot (such as Veteran Maelstrom Arena Weapons) is RNG based, so you could spent countless hours without obtaining the item you want.All in all, I'd highly recommend this game to any MMO fans, RPG fans, or Elder Scrolls fans in general."
,Recommended,306130,23870812,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DRET20,Great game!
,Recommended,306130,23870378,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The Golden Heir,"Bought the game for 20€ in sale.Didn't know I supposedly didn't fulfill the minimum requirementsDidn't care when I found outSpent two days in a row downloading because bad connectionAnd I've been playing just alright with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection and a AMD Dual Core 1Ghz processor against all odds. Magic?Idk. But I didn't regret a single buck, and I would have bought it for 40 earlier if I didn't have other games o buy as well. It's not as ""unlimited"" as it lives up to be, at least not yet. But this game is going to be updated for a while, we can expect  expansion DLC's like the ones already are available (Orsinium, Imperial City, Dark brotherhood)tldr good game buy please and buy my skooma too so i get a better pc that doesnt have only 1ghz and my settings dont always have to be on low (update: new pc yay)Now, I have started Orsinium so I can tell you about that, if you are questioning if you should buy it. It's PvE, it looks great, adds quite a big amout of content. No complaints on the matter."
76561198279884021,Recommended,306130,23914157,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mizchyff,Awesome game!!! A little difficult to download but totally worth it.
,Recommended,306130,19483311,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,KayDucky,ok
76561198093326731,Recommended,306130,16688945,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,AlienWarfare,Get it.
,Recommended,306130,17179492,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,incognitotb,Meh
,Recommended,306130,17212001,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,YUNG TRAP,"Played it on PS4 first, decided to snag it on PC. Hella fun, standard MMO quests with TES enemies and lore. My only complaint is that this thing NEEDS controller support. Mouse and keyboard just aren't cutting it for me."
,Recommended,306130,17239627,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,GG TK Jean Charest/MikPourIntime,"Had to do a race in Skywatch with my frog. I won. 10/10Seriously, this game is amazing, the negative reviews were before tamriel unlimited!"
76561198082282033,Recommended,306130,13983894,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Lord and Master,♥♥♥♥ING BAD♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME!!ZOS NEVER FIX THE FPS DROPS AND FRAMRATES!!IN PVP YOU HAVE ONLY BUGG AND LAGGING!!Zos Bring ever New Updates But They Never Fix the Game and the PvP !Ever more laggs this pvp is broken and Zos Are Criminals they stole all our money for Fixing NOTHING!!!!♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME AND YOU
,Recommended,306130,15098696,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Zed_K,"Let me put this out there, I have played a LOT of MMOs, some were good and some were really bad. ESO started off bad back when I played it in beta and has slowly grown into something that I have found VERY enjoyable and addictively fun.But to enjoy this game you have to enter with the mindset of it being an MMO game set in the universe of the elder scrolls and NOT an elder scrolls game with a multiplayer feature or you WILL be disappointed (hence a lot of the bad reviews).The Good:Unlike most MMO's the combat here is really fun, swing your word block with your shield and then switch to ur bow or staff and get those far away targets, aggro them and pull them in then turn into a tank. it is FUN. also it feels more like a regular game than an MMO.The graphics are really nice, not skyrim nice but really good none the less.Huge open world that we all know and love, getting to visit the Ashlands again brought back so many memories of endless nights on my xbox playing morrowind so many years ago.Nice voice acting (not perfect but nice, especially that all NPC have their lines read by voice actors)I love the new justice system, being a lawman or thief are both a lot of fun.So far it seems to be a good story, not as good as previous titles but it stands up well :)The Bad:No auction house.... I mean seriously? no Auction house?... NO AUCTION HOUSE??? sure there is guild stores but they suck big time. auction houses have been THE best way to make an income for me and to find cool items and needed resources in almost all MMOs I played, to be honest I feel a bit aimless without it.The cheapest horse is 10,000 gold, next in line is 40,000... I am level 10 now and I barely have 3000, and this is from a person who searches every thing he comes across, does all the side quest and never bought a single peice of equipment (stole or found them all) and I sell everything I can to merchants (again exactly why we need an auction house!!)Other than the side quests and quests, and the usual exploring and crafting, I find it limited in what to do... I mean I want to sail my own  boat, fly in the air, farm a land... give me a sense of being a part of that world, don't limit me.No player housing, now sure not all MMOs have this, but this is an elder scrolls game for the love of everything good. having your own house that you stuff with your trophies and junk has been a traditions for ages with elder scrolls games lol.Final words:All in all this has been a really nice game so far, I have truly enjoyed ESO more so than many MMO's I have tried save for maybe 1 or 2 other games. I would strongly recommend it to any fan of the MMO genre and the ES series."
76561198071101138,Recommended,306130,14379446,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Rare Pepe Runlock,Fun for an MMO. Boring for an Elder Scrolls game.
76561198043150478,Recommended,306130,15060785,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,WASDmovesME,Spent the first 4 hours downloading patches. Got 3 of 4 cards form patches.10/10 would download again
76561198157477807,Recommended,306130,15830475,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Cristian5505,I just want to see Skyrim in this game! 10/10 Would kill a chicken in Riverwood again
,Recommended,306130,28327543,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,TemTem,Heard of the game heard of the bad reviews(game much better now) tried it out for my self ♥♥♥♥in love it!i got hooked up to it even tho I'm in school I still think of the frieking game lolVery addicting especially the community it's so ♥♥♥♥ing great especially the Guild system when you metfriends and stuff the dungeons and stuff like thatThe Alliance War is so ♥♥♥♥ing fun too!btw: Aldmeri Dominion FTW!
,Recommended,306130,14426680,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,LeHippieMon3,Pre-ordered. Sold. Bought again on steam. I like no fees. Fees are bad.
,Recommended,306130,26394082,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mapés,"This game is worth it. There is a lot of content. I really haven't scratched the surface of it. If you have friends to play with, that just adds to the experince. This really helps me keep going when I want to resub to WoW but feel it in my wallet that I shouldn't."
,Recommended,306130,29662428,Posted: 2 February,all,BitCoinBiz,I had played this game in the past but I had uninstalled it because I thought I was not going to play it again but of course I went and changed my mind and I reinstalled it and this is when the problem arised when it got to the white box saying ESO is installing/downloading it would it 100% and nothing would happend the white box would disappear and it would close or something
,Recommended,306130,31194280,Posted: 17 April,all,strizzuth,"I don't want to like this game, but I don't want to put it down.OK, first, a lot of the problems HAVE been fixed up. This game is working so much better now.If you're a TES fan, you probably won't like this game. It's even MORE dumbed down than Skyrim, quests feel hastily thought out and everything is just a fetch quest or slay quest.  EVERYTHING.  It. Gets. Old.But...  It's still got just enough TES inside it to make me want more."
,Recommended,306130,31194008,Posted: 17 April,all,Kristina,It's like Bethesda had #ex with Blizzard
76561198087261092,Recommended,306130,25237592,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,eesti papa gangster,good game for squating around. i squatted leik more than 200 hours on this game.buy game if slav
,Recommended,306130,25658247,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Rinera,"When I first tried Elder Scrolls Online, I wanted to cry. The beta and launch should have by all rights been complete disasters, and they were for the average Elder Scrolls fan. It was a terrible experience without any hint of fun. Needless to say, I never thought I'd visit it again, even after certain factions like the Dark Brotherhood or the Thieves Guild were added, cause I didn't believe they could have fixed the game.Later down the line, they provided a free week to try out the game and everything they had changed. I was kinda impressed, but there was still one thing that really bothered me and that was the progression curve and structure of areas. You were not able to explore at all, ever. You would find monsters too powerful for you if you tried to freely roam, even if you were ""technically"" prepared. Despite my momentary enjoyment I still thought the game was not worth the time and effort.Then came the big E3 announcement. ""One Tamriel"". It basically said that. if you want to explore, do it! Only your gear stops you now! Needless to say, I got excited. I see no way something like that could fail (except if you hire a bunch of monkeys on typewriters to code for you, but surely they wouldn't do that), and with the new price drop and Gold Edition, it seemed like the right time to get in the game.What I never realised is that the DLC areas already used a system similar to the upcoming ""One Tamriel"". Once I went to said areas, I was able to for the first time geniually have fun in Elder Scrolls Online. Who knew that making a good and unique game that caters to your fans instead of copying unrelated others would work, right?Long story short, I'm having fun playing it, slowly going through what it has to offer. And if the upcoming update is even remotely close to how the current scaling works, I'd say you'd be missing an amazing experience if you didn't give it a try.The only ""serious"" downside to it are the microtransactions. They are a bit too much in your face with an in-game store. Though credit to the art and UI design teams, cause it doesn't really feel like it's taking the immersion out of it, for me personally."
,Recommended,306130,18648158,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ibrewalot,"If you liked SkyRim, you'll love being able to play similar, but with friends.  You can even team up with other people in the game to fight the big bosses.  It's expansive and gorgeous!"
76561198087844036,Recommended,306130,18371529,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ventress,Love love love this game! so awesome and extremely fnu! (:
76561198140682858,Recommended,306130,18379252,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,TargeTheBlooded,Eso is an amasing contribution to the elder scrolls series. It is the only mmo I have and probably will ever play but the multiplayer aspect does not take away from the lore one bit.
76561198052794992,Recommended,306130,29654242,Posted: 2 February,all,ASweetScorpio,"A friend bought the game for me, and I've been playing non-stop ever since."
76561198153109842,Recommended,306130,20983897,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,CardboardDrum,I'm not addicted to this game.
,Recommended,306130,22279434,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"get ready to see trolling & racism EVERYWHERE.specifically region chat, to sum up the region chat (of all mmos) it is the most toxic place in the universe, imgine living on venus, but having to breathe bleach through a rubber tube snaking through your esophagus, also the tube is laced with cyanide & more bleach & blood of Alien while playing on a Apple pipin, 2toxic4meBUT you can deactivate region chatPROs:-multiplayer(kinda)-nice graphics-not buggy (lag is always there)-better customization (like race weapons (once again with the racist thing))-actual classes-more mmo-ish skill trees-very diverse-raid dungeons-free 500 crowns when you startCONs:-even the npcs are racist (still)-grinding-more grinding-even more grinding-signifiganty more grinding-difficult to understand what do when you start (after un-dying)-annoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥to get an acount and start the game and♥♥♥♥♥♥-(?)multiplayer - only interactions can be with people of the same alliance (kahjits with high elves(i hate high elves, bcause they're very open with their racism and they treat kahjits like slaves(dont even get me started with the argonian slavery)))-did i say racist?-premium acounts (what are we buying? another game? no you get secondary currency and DLCS(but its totally optional))-DlC for a 60$ game, it should be free ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!-pvp is very unbalenced (why let lvl 30s and high lvls fight against 15s and stuff? :'(, its very dificult to even play the pvp, without a horse its a walking sim)OUTDATED^^^"
76561198195089081,Recommended,306130,22620197,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Epix284,its fun
,Recommended,306130,23394240,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Alexios,"Great game, best of the MMORPG. Still the DLC's are very expensive as it's the game."
,Recommended,306130,21485502,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,⅝ Excitied Inside,Spent 10 hours trying to install...
,Recommended,306130,20437920,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,I Forty Four I,"Fun, but even better with friends."
76561198337609721,Recommended,306130,27937776,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FagPants csgonerf.com,hi
76561198047057612,Recommended,306130,26700983,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Affogato,Great game
,Recommended,306130,30192054,Posted: 26 February,all,Phill,"If your a fan of MMOs (example: WoW or Runescape) and RPGs (example: Fallout 3-4) or just a Elder Scrolls fan this game is a must have, given it does break the lore a little bit, it is still a great game. It's a game that is just hard to get up and walk away from. The graphics are exelent as well, given the render distance for cratures and other players is fairly short and the colliotion data is a little unbalanced, it is still worth the money. This game hit all the right spots for me."
,Recommended,306130,31326593,Posted: 23 April,all,.Bacon,Love it.
76561198072131069,Recommended,306130,30184980,Posted: 25 February,all,Cyber Ninja,"A very immersive MMO. Great elder scrolls lore and the game is popular right now, not to mention morrowind dlc expansion coming soon,"
,Recommended,306130,30185707,Posted: 25 February,all,JellyWizard,Like Skyrim with guns.
76561198263547752,Recommended,306130,31426834,Posted: 28 April,all,Führer Ashido,"The game (as far as I've gotten) is actually good. It is pretty different from Skyrim, but it makes up for it in its own ways.+ The game is large and very cheap for the content is offers (no DLC still offers a ton of stuff to do!)+ The community is nice, at least in my experience. I go in a cave to continue a mission and a higher leveled player jumps in and helps me, for example.+ Contributes to the Elder Scrolls lore almost as any other Elder Scrolls game.+ The controls are simple and the game is fun to play because of it.+ Character creation is extremely in-depth, as always.+ The ""tutorial"" is just a mission that shows you the controls while doing the mission. I like this because it didn't waste my time.+ Makes up for the loss of weight in combat by the ""stun"" ability. It doesn't make up for it completely, but it certainly helps.Many of these negatives are minor things.- The inventory can get a bit messy, although there are tabs that put items in to categories, such as weapons, armors, potions, etc.- As formentioned above, there is almost no weight, or ""feel"", to the combat, meaning when you hit an enemy they don't react like they would in any of the other recent Elder Scrolls games. They pretty much stand still.- Quests are a tad bit ""get this, get that, kill this, kill that"", but it is an MMO, that should be expected.- The in-game shop uses lots of in-game currency that is obtained by paying money from your pocket. (Almost all these items are aesthetic though, so this does have the Overwatch defense.)- The looting system is awkward. Regular enemies have a chance of having stuff on them, and bosses (I think) have an almost 100% droprate for something. These items are usually for crafting and such, but so far I've found some good weapons and armor :).- This is the big one. The game's difficulty can be described in one word: easy. Almost no difficulty is involved. Your health, stamina, AND magika regenerate much, much faster than other Elder Scrolls games. Not only that, but the AI can be ♥♥♥♥ing autistic. (I sat in front of a regular enemy that was my level and didn't die for 26 seconds.) That's my only real complaint.tl:dr: The game is fun with minor errors here and there (nothing that impacts the game much), although if you're looking for a challenge, this isn't the place for you."
,Recommended,306130,25433598,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Rowbiwan,"Hey, It's pretty good.gf if you have friends who arent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,306130,31150502,Posted: 14 April,all,b055mantheproducer,"This entry in the Elder Scrolls series is one that was met with mixed reviews when it first came out and I was wary of buying it at first but the more you play the game the more addicting it becomes. With many many quests to accomplish and complete, you have endless hours of things to do. The community thus far has been really good to me for the most part and this adds all the more reason to actually buy the game. My only complaint is that the leveling system while still good is a bit slower than it was in Skyrim, perhaps though its just me being lazy, thats always a valid answer. I recommend this game though..... 10/10"
,Recommended,306130,26438989,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,PEPE-BIZON csgofade.net,BAD TRASH TERRIBLE LAG all are in this game
76561198083621645,Recommended,306130,33639243,Posted: 18 July,all,dbeal3,"This is my first MMO.  I have played all of the previous Elder Scrolls games.  Tamriel is OK but gets kind of repetitive with no real storyline.  There is no connection to NPC's like in Skyrim.  Like with King Emeric, you start to get a sort of connection with him and then you do a quest for another King and Emeric has no idea who you are.  I have played about 600 hours and most of the quests I have left require 4 players so I can't do them.  It was also very disappointing to get a map with a game I paid for that has half of the areas to explore that you can't explore without buying another DLC.  I bought this game a couple of weeks before Morrowind came out but what Steam didn't tell you was if I had waited I could have saved $10 (Tamriel $29.99 and Morrowind $39.99 but the combo is just $59.99.)  The game is OK but because there is no REAL storyline (it is just a whole bunch of mini quests) it gets a little boring for me."
,Recommended,306130,26723321,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Viable_Golem4375,Tried for 30 minutes to assault people while drunk. 10/10 would have a bar fight with swords again.
,Recommended,306130,16958282,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,H.C.Q,very smooth very good such big game
76561198167265234,Recommended,306130,15794520,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,GrannAde,"Love the game!!!!!But I can no longer play as ESO says STEAM has cencelled all ESO Product Keys. I need another one from steam, but Steam won't respond to my emails...PS. this game is pricy, but worth it if you have the proper product key...................."
,Recommended,306130,24125880,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mean and Gay,Imagine WoW but made by elder scrolls and not♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,306130,24128395,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ferron,"The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited™ is an amazing adventure that I'd openly recommend to others. The amount of time I spend punching peasants is far beyond any other mmorpg. I've punched poser in Daggerfall, I've wacked ♥♥♥♥♥♥s in Wayrest, I've smacked show-offs in Shornhelm, and I've even dicked on do-gooders in Daven's Watch. My gang and I have had many nights of debauchery that included women, power, and loads of mead. If you're the type of person who loves to beat the citizens of cities to a pulp and gain bounties so large you'll need to use the /beg emote, I would definitely recommend this game to you.What do you mean you can do things other than punch peasants?... What the hell is a quest?"
,Recommended,306130,29919626,Posted: 14 February,all,123,Amazing gameeeeee
,Recommended,306130,15799214,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Ghost Bike,nice meme
,Recommended,306130,29917026,Posted: 14 February,all,Send Noodles,This game is AWOASOME  AF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!xDxD
76561198280395457,Recommended,306130,30095114,Posted: 22 February,all,XJackal,Good Game hours of fun
76561197990341636,Recommended,306130,26638325,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,vannie,"Real nice looking game, for 9.99 that if you had waited for 2 weeks. I still play here and there but not really excited about Steam's little event."
,Recommended,306130,23667705,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Silveraldi-,"Elder Scrolls Online is a MMORPG based on Character Progression , so there is no other way to become strong without Progress and self dedication , The Crown store ( paid cash ) only offer cosmetic items ( most of it ) although there is Items that will boost your character but u can still afford it with in game gold with cheaper price , so my conclusion is this is not Pay to Win games like others F2P MMO GamesThe Aspect Of Elder Scrolls Online built Based on 4 Aspect ( My Personal Opinion )1. World ExploringThe World Of Elder Scrolls Online Is Likely Beautiful and Huge, there is World boss , Public Dungeon , Delve , Dolmen and etc that u can explore it With your Friends and u can Nostalgia together if u played Others Elder Scrolls Series Game Before because the size of map is The Tamriel which means its Combination all zone From Elder Scrolls Game Before + Zone Thats not in Games before , so its a huge map that u need like 20-30 Hours to Explore All zone but the Terrain and enviroment that use in based game ( non DLC and Expansion Zone ) is mostly Repetitive. like u can see same shape , terrain , tree and even common shape of Enemy . its like ZOS is lack of creativity of making World Enviroment and Enemy but if u own DLC or Expansion the Enviroment is most likely diffrent but u must pay to get it , the new Expansion of ESO( Morrowind ) it cost $40 and my opinion its not Worth it Paying for Expansion like a buy a new game ( u can get FIFA 18 at nearly the same price ! , lol )2. PVPThe PVP content is like Marvelous and Cancer at the same time.The PVP is diffrent than any others MMORPG games, Sieging Castle with Catapults and Ballista , Capture Castle , Capture Resources ( Farm , mine and lumbermill ) is what happen in PVP area so youre not PVP Alone but with others ! , i must say its the best PVP Experience ive ever felt with MMORPG Games but the Cancer Start here , u can get ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Drop on FPS from 80 to 1-15 when Fight Against others Alliance , get random loading screen in the middle of the fight , get high Ping in the middle of the Fight ( 400-999999 lol , but its true ) that u cant even move and dead eventually that u need res on the keep that far from fight location and get a trash talk from others player that u killed , thats why i said its marvelous and cancer at the same time3. PVEThe PVE Content is like Others MMORPG games , u use skill and use rotation to give High DPS ( Damage per Second ) or HPS ( Heal per Second ) or just Tanking Around but yeah still the same the community. some People just dont know theyre good at DPS-ing/HPS-ing or just tanking around , some people dont know the place where they belong and its usually give slow progression to others Party member when u Raid Dungeon/Trial and instead of helping the people that dont know the place , some people like just kick him or mocking him and that people who dont know the place is just dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥and quit. yeah community in ESO is a problem ( NA )4. Economy and ItemsThe Economy and is like others MMORPG i must say. Buying , Selling and Trading is the common part of Economy But The Items is diffrent , The Items drop Is RNG , its random. u can give a 999times trying to farming the items that u want and its Frustating but u can get it on a first time u try , yeah its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ RandomThats my personal Opinion and Review about Elder Scrolls Online , i must to say i like this game a lot although there is cancer in this game but there is many fun things to do in this games cause the main problem is the community , and i reccomended this gameOverall Rating 8,5/10if u're a new player or just take a look at ESO or even a veteran player , just dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about community and u will enjoy this game a lot and will become good at this game  Eventually :)And For People that disagree with me and mocking my opinion , i must  say , ive been playing this game nearly 1000 hours and i have right to give my personal opinionAnd Sorry for my bad Grammar ;p"
76561198119472926,Recommended,306130,31382988,Posted: 26 April,all,KawaiiHitler,"This is a good game. Now let me say that this is the first mmo i have properly played, so take my review with a grain of salt. The gameplay is good, the graphics are terrific and the soundtrack is classic elder scrolls, as in majestic af. The story is your typical one (and yes you start out in a prison, lot's of originality from bethesda i know) and the world is huge, filled with quests, dungeons and mini bosses. i reccomend you buy gold edition, since it helps you start off with a horse and gives you access to 3 new areas. If you don't want gold edition, there are still plenty of things to do in the game. I reccomend you buy it during a sale though, where the price can drop to 10 for the normal edition and 25 for gold edition."
76561198031937874,Recommended,306130,31385390,Posted: 26 April,all,NickF08,"Dont let those 1-50 in 4 hour guides fool you... It will take easily as long as it does in WoW (around 20-30 hours depending on what your doing). Champion points when you reach max level acts as paragon levels in Diablo and further enhance your character. Gearing is done mainly by crafting and drop rates. Community is helpful, and the game seems to have plenty of content that will keep you busy for long periods at a time. There is also a 2 weapon system similar to Guild Wars 2 which you can mix and match abilities."
,Recommended,306130,31401829,Posted: 27 April,all,BlackFusion,"This is an epic game . i cannot stop playing this game .good story line , great graphics , best story quest , cool skill effect .thumbs up for this game ."
,Recommended,306130,23334508,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Cann1bal_c0rpse,"I purchased this a long while ago and was never able to launch the game for some reason or another, even after uninstalling/reinstalling a number of times. Eventually I had to go to the Zenimax site, put in my activation code, and download it from the website, and have a non-steam based version that I have been playing.The game is a lot of fun, but if you are having issues that it doesn\'t launch try installing straight from Zenimax. You won\'t get any Steam trophies and it won\'t keep tabs how long you play, but you will at least be able to run it."
76561198011081065,Recommended,306130,34578691,Posted: 29 August,all,Amirjian,"As far as I can tell, this is Skyrim but much better.The World is gigantic as usual but this time it´s colorful and full of variety (witch was a real downside of Skyrim)I personally don´t care about the MMO aspect of the game (with grinding, economy and raids) or the DLC and extra stuff, but I guess it´s there and it works fine. What I really want to do is to run around and experience a story with my friend and Eso gives me just that.The game doesn´t force any Playstyle upon you. Play alone, with a friend or a dozen randoms. It all works well.I recommend to buy the base game. Everything else is optional."
,Recommended,306130,28220365,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,LostTaco,"Umm, idk what to say honestly, almost everybody i've met who have played it were like *Its♥♥♥♥♥♥ with the only argument being *its not skyrim*. I mean, the community is extremely friendly and that means the world to me in an MMORPG, sure the skills don't get much variation when you're passed the first 100 skill points but then again i don't mind that, you've got your role, and your team, join a guild, do trials together, its quite fun, especially the harder bosses where planning is obsolete so you don't get your♥♥♥♥♥beat, everything is scaled so no OP♥♥♥♥♥♥are there, its always about team play which i absolutely love. this game is great. buy it."
,Recommended,306130,15020363,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Fumbl3z,"Now, without the subscription theres no reason not to play!"
,Recommended,306130,20314117,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,jedwardsj84,This is hands down My favorite online game and I would recommend it to everyone who loves the Elder Scrolls games.
76561198018837807,Recommended,306130,22074581,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,White Rabbit,"One of the most amazing MMO's I've ever played, and mind you I usually dislike MMO'S (so there is no pro-mmo bias here).You can play in one of 3 factions.There are at least 9 races to choose from.There are 4 different classes. (Dragon Knight, Templar, Sorcerer, Nightblade)Choose Stamina (bow) OR Magic build (staff).Resolution is amazing considering it is an MMO. Nerds with their w.o.w. can't even compare.Many, Many hours spent on this game, and worth it. Try it and see for yourself."
,Recommended,306130,21930744,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Johnnaras21,"After hiting lvl50, completing every guild and story quest and played some PVP i have to say that i personaly loved this game and that its worth avery penny or its price. First of all the maps are full sh*t to explore like dungeons,public dungeons,group bosses (which as you guest it, it needs more than 1 person to be taken down), wayshrines and planty of villages and cities with their own quest series. Lost in that huge world there are chests with awesome loot(if you are lucky to find one).Characters/Combat/Classes(CCC): there are 9 races 3 for each Alliance with diferent Pros and Cons. The game has only 4 classes (sorcerer,dragonknight,templar and nightblade) but don't be sesapointed by that, the game gives you the freedom to choose whitch weapon or weapons you like the best and unlock uniqe skills for that weapon. And last but not least is combat, the combat is were the game shines, you can use only 4 skills and 1 ultimate so you have to choose wisely, you can combine your class skills with your weapon skills to make awesome combos thare is also elements to buff your weapons, you can also block, light and hard attack.Missons: like skyrim missions are separated to Story missions, guild(fighters and mages guild) and side which you fild as you explore.The only thing i consider a downside is that literly nobody plays it, you may have to wait 5-10 mins in order to find someone walking by to help you with a group boss and the PVP fells dead you may have to travel for 5 minis to find a small fight whitch when you could even arrive has ended.But still i thing is a must buy for avarage gamer but not for a mmo veteran"
,Recommended,306130,21066835,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Yanni,"Best MMO I have ever played yet, I havent tried playing with friends yet but I can imagine it would be fun as hell.Update: Played with friends... IGN Best MMO experience ever 11/10 approved.Update 2: Reached lvl 20 with my main, crafting system is great, the skill system is awesome, you can use any weapon/armor you would like with any class/race, you can learn other races crafting styles and such, you can buy the books for very cheap at guild stores, once you buy a mount or pet it tranfers to all your characters and any others you make. The alliance war system is awesome, they make your stats equal to everyone elses, you just have to work as a team to fight others and take over forts, resouces and such. Oh and did I mention the stealing system...if you get caught..... run."
76561198315052705,Recommended,306130,25624207,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Baggin,"I got this less than two weeks ago, I have a problem..."
,Recommended,306130,26837732,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,El Mariachi,"Elder Scrolls Online is the best approach so far of an online MMO set in the Elder Scrolls universe.I don't understand why people write bad reviews about it. I know it's not a perfect game, but it isn't bad either. It has something unique that other MMOs don't have (as far as I know): One Tamriel.You can play wherever you like, whenever you like, with whom ever you like. There's no more level limited zones. You can be level 1 and play with a high level guy and you'll be able to kill these mobs. One Tamriel definitely made ESO better."
76561198144687605,Recommended,306130,14187980,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,collin.chandler63,So far its been a great game. Did not experience any glitches or impossible quests. Dont get me wrong this game is really challenging at some points. Really well made and beautifull game. I love the fact that every character has a voice actor. even though this game is kinda like a solo game from what i expereinced. If you ask for help people will most likely help you. Or you could just wait in the area and more than likely in about 5 minutes anouther player will show up with the same quest. Be prepared to put alot of time into this game. 50 hours of pretty much constant questing and im still only level 20:(
76561198193224742,Recommended,306130,29968594,Posted: 16 February,all,Alex Jones' Tin Foil Cat,I haven't played it much but from what I've played ... This game is insanely fun and with newest DLC being housing I'm gonna start playing this a lot more.
76561198110088049,Recommended,306130,18981978,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Zeffite,This game is amazing. I new and fresh way to put Elder Scroll 1-5 into one huge map. Really fun and amazing. Very fun as it is a MMO and you get to play with everyone you see. Amazing graphics and gameplay
,Recommended,306130,32031112,Posted: 28 May,all,TNTmannathan,"This is a great game by bethsda not to be confused with other elderscrolls gamesthis is a mmo rpg so treat it like one and dont complain its not like skyrimthe game takes some time getting used to and even more time to get the proper gearbut the comunity is great, tons of quests and other places to explorejust be prepaired to grind for things and have quest someteims that seem contnious or repeditiveonly things is if you are goin to play I strongly recomend to get eso plus beacuse there are so many benifits to itand if you dont have it you miss out on lots of gameplayAlthough its still a good game withought dlc its strongly recomended to buy itjust like in the Pay Day 2 comunity and gameover all its a good game, lots of content but it takes some getting used to as well as a little more money than most mmo rps's but put in the time and money and i can Garentee (forgive my spelling) that you will have fun and meet many new and interesting people"
,Recommended,306130,26695518,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Natervader,"I've already played this game for a long number of hours on PS4 so take my hours for granted.It's a fun MMO but it's more for the groups of friends vs a ""real mmo experience""also the pvp in this game is super duper dope."
,Recommended,306130,20320699,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Malinari,"DO NOT approach it as your tipical TES game and you will love it!Its a MMO first TES second game which is not a bad thing considering its a MMO.First time I tried it (was invited to beta) I hated it because gameplay was totally different than what I expected.Few months later I got invited for a free weekend and this time I actually enjoyed it! Eventually ended buying the gameon Winter Sale and now I'm loving it!Great crafting, good fighting system (for a MMO), a lot more interactive world than in most MMOs out there (you can loot everything, steal, get chased by guards if noticed), all TES lore is there, you can be Vampire and Warewolf, customisation is insane, so many skills to chose from and you keep unlocking more (from joining Mage Guild for example or becoming a Vampire).I played several MMOS out there (first one was Ultima Online), loved TES since Arena and I have to say so far I really enjoy it, game is very open and you can find tons of things to do!Higly recommended!Ps.Forgot to add that Buy To Play model in this game is spot on! There is a store but it is mostly cosmetic stuff or something that for example add more inventory space, nothing game breaking. Also subscription option just add store currency and some exp bonus without making you a elite superpowered character."
,Recommended,306130,20321119,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,AustimusTron,"If you like Skyrim, you WILL love this."
,Recommended,306130,21970889,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,MatJew,I wish I had friends
76561198072315546,Recommended,306130,13840157,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,demonismine,this game is awsume
76561198110708110,Recommended,306130,14305733,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,rene.darkwater,"This is...a highly addictive Game.Maybe that can be used to describe most of the MMORPG's but man this is a Gorgeous in every aspect game.Breathtaking graphics, details like no other and well, the story of The Elder Scrolls can be challenged just by a handful of other games.Totally worth your money and time.Can't stop playing at every chance I have."
76561198071369684,Recommended,306130,15213553,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Johnny B,"This game is like steroids, when you get your first hit you realise how awesome it is,then you can not wait for the next hit 100/10 (now that it is subcription free it is the best time to buy the game)"
76561198181167935,Recommended,306130,15302682,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Dante-Hunter,i never played a mmo i heard bad things about this game at first but i still like it its good but n=boring by youreself
,Recommended,306130,26638554,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,GolineCore,I think you guys need to tell people that there are Vampires & Werewolves In this game. If you did that so many more people would join. I also think you guys should make a whole DLC about Werewolves & Vampires and include the Dawngaurd.If you did this I think so many more people would get the game just for that. Also make a trailer for the Werewolves & Vampire to show how they work and how cool they're.
,Recommended,306130,26670870,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,[SmOoTH]*deLta foRce*,Loved this game so much.
,Recommended,306130,26638804,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SASAGEYO!,phun
,Recommended,306130,26670040,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,||Laz||,Brilliant game awesome...awesome content and lore .I r approove
76561198010786022,Recommended,306130,26669095,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,caithnessjames,Enjoying it alot.  Probably the best MMO I have played in a while.
,Recommended,306130,28205618,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,CubertZ,Chicken is the most sacred animal in Tamriel. Kill one of them and the whole Tamriel will hunt you down
76561198110557890,Recommended,306130,32032694,Posted: 28 May,all,mnorsen17,This game is my favorite MMO
,Recommended,306130,32027711,Posted: 28 May,all,Scriplin,"Yes, I recommend this game, however, you should rename it The Elder Scrolls Online: Patch Download Unlimited. I mean seriously, does this game ever finish patching? I remember when I initially installed the game and it made me download the entire install twice, like 150 GB.The game is great once you get into it, but for some reason keeping the game up to date has been a real pain."
76561198217296556,Recommended,306130,29374233,Posted: 20 January,all,whu1965,best game ive ever played
76561198167411394,Recommended,306130,26690563,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,W8lifts,"Okay, 1000+ hours in and I loved the game. So, things to keep in mind:-Daedric summing is the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-Make the Dodge command readily available (have mine mapped to the mouse)-Controller support is not the greatest-Best XP is the story line-in 1000 hours I made like 2 potions lol never used them-play first before subscribing. (I payed for about a year)-You can trade inventory between characters"
,Recommended,306130,26687045,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Wally,"This is myGOTY every year, fellow gamers.When you launch this remarkable piece of art you will see it come together in such a way thatIT JUST WORKSyou would be a fool not to purchase thisHANDCRAFTED MASTERPIECE	!Would I ever lie to you, my fellow gamers?http://puu.sh/sngr4.pngDon't forget to grab a copy for your fellow gamer friends.And subscribe to thePlus Membership®™"
,Recommended,306130,26687121,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,bRuH.,"i am about 9 hours in this game so far during this free weekend promo. i'm playing this on a PC. i must say, it does deviate from the usual mmorpg gameplay, i.e. WoW or SWTOR style. but it does it in a good way. there are 3 main things i usually judge mmorpgs by: 1. questing, 2. combat and 3. walking.1. questing - so far - doesn't feel grindy.2. combat in this game does not require you to have a fixed sequence of skills. you can be a bow wielding dragon knight XD.3. the maps and locations i've been on so far are well laid out, and even if i end up having to turn in a quest all the way at the other end of the island, there's quite a bit to do and discover on the way, so it doesn't feel that draggy.the bad - so far - is that i keep dropping out of the N.American server during peak hours, which is understandable since it's a free weekend, we shall see once that's over. fingers crossed.i hope you find this useful :)oh, and the lack of micro-transactions in this game makes the playing experience very smooth."
,Recommended,306130,26712724,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,▬thrysray,y                                             e                                                   s
76561198071108830,Recommended,306130,26709415,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Kolapian,"I woulf like to start of by saying, I thought this was going to be a casual laggy MMO RPG, I thoroughly enjoyed Skyrim and Oblivion yet I still wasn't expecting much out of this game, however I was wrong, it has so much to do you can't get bored, I would write a better more destriptive review however my abilities aren't that great and this is my first review.This Game is definitly one of my favourites this year and I am going to buy it and I recommend you do to."
76561198022509751,Recommended,306130,14587819,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ImperfectTuna,"This game does take place in the skyrim universe, but dont go expecting it to play exactly like that and previous games. The movement and character controls seem very fluid and well done compaired to other games, the quests are all fully voiced and interactive. Very fun to play solo or even better with friends, the only sort of complaint is that if you dont buy imperial edition or pay 17$ for the horse you have to grind and save up 17k for the basic horse. So expect to be running around killing everything in between quests and stuff. Great game non the less!"
,Recommended,306130,15040774,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,SharkJumps,Entered the starter town for first time and saw a guy getting a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. 69/69 Would Watch Public Porn Again
,Recommended,306130,15216767,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Tracy,Bought this game.. Started as a lowly dragonknight. Turned into a mass murderer and plunderer.10/10
76561198095737178,Recommended,306130,15259676,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,[MNI] ulfsaar,many people like angry joe say that this is terrible i disagree its like wow but more immersive and in tamriel i can see myself playing atleast a good 500 hours
,Recommended,306130,15264844,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Cox Vagene Slayer,"i rarely played mmo games, but as a TES fan i love this game"
,Recommended,306130,15277476,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Qanzilla,"Within an hour of starting this game, I accidently shot a town gaurd.  I found myself with a bounty that I could not afford to pay off.  I tried to make money by stealing and pick pocketing, but I got caught and killed again.  I was forced to dance for tips by taking my clothes off.  The next thing I know, there's a crowd gathering around me.I finally got enough tips to pay the bounty off.  Instead, I logged out.  Can't wait to play again today... I can only imagine what will happen."
76561197971140452,Recommended,306130,15318179,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,HaadBaastahd,"ESO is not a traditional MMO.What I mean by that is, it's actually fun, and has very solid production value and writing.traditional mmos a la WoW are not designed to be fun. they are designed to be an addicting and exhausting grind to keep players hooked. ESO is actually designed to be fun.There are no kill and fetch quests - every quest has story elements that are actually well thought out and not totally pointless. Your decisions change the actual playable world and towns you go to, which is unprecendented in a multiplayer rpgThey did not skimp on writing and story, as other MMOs do.They did not skimp on voice actingThey did not take shortcuts with gameplay and combat. Gameplay is satisfying and fulfilling. Even when you want to grind, it doesnt feel like you are.This does not play like an MMO. it plays like and RPG, buit it's still multiplayer with all the good elements of multiplayer. It's a truly excellent production. Highly recommended if you're a fan of any elder scrolls game. Takes me back to Morrowind."
,Recommended,306130,15519368,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Oh Bri One,Awesome!
76561198136080581,Recommended,306130,15570528,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Smargash,"Endelss hours lost, couldn't be happier. A year before purchase I heard bad things, mostly related to the Beta. Found the game on sale and decided it was time,"
76561197967763621,Recommended,306130,15602467,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,D0ctor,this game is awesome ever since they dropped the monthly fee it became amazing it got improvements to make to become  amazing but it still very fun this game will be very hard on new player in mmo rpg games so make sure you get the experience before you spend those 60$
76561198059758939,Recommended,306130,15606974,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,TheBlingKing,ESO isn't bad anymore thanks to the death of subscription8/10 would grind till max level
,Recommended,306130,15613760,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Shktrp,"Okay game, however I don't feel any sense of purpose and don't find it that fun. Should give it a try however, a lot of people enjoy the story"
,Recommended,306130,15675222,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,✪ Deluxe csgonecro.com,Ok got the problem fixed and that is said that im stupid derp XD anyways i already like the game! the graphics could be inproved to the same graphics of skyrim Oh btw i put all by graphics detail texture everything to high ultra high and besides from that the gameplay is amazing! (still trying to figure out how to get out of 3rd person view cuz im stupid) 10/10 amazing game i wont regret buying it!
,Recommended,306130,15771495,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Stephenbarzz,Patch 1.3 <3 i year ago it was bad now its great! So beautiful and so much fun.
,Recommended,306130,15784035,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Kevin_Alex_V,"Im addicted, its addicting, its not skyrim, its a mmorpg with an elder scrolls skin, so get the game and play it with that in mind. But yes, you should get it."
76561197964789330,Recommended,306130,15930547,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Bloodsport,Im not usually one to pay for pixels but in this case there arent very many cool mounts available to i will admit that i am interested. 2500 crowns is $25.00 does anyone else think this is very steep price? maybe its just me but i think that $15 is where they would get alot more buyers. alot of the model looks reused from the previous cat mounts...http://imgur.com/Tt59lcY
,Recommended,306130,16036930,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Psalm 23:4,Trust me Buy IT NOW!!!!
76561198195314205,Recommended,306130,16115222,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Azure Phoenix,love the fact that its not just a mmo but its so interactive. you can make your own decisions be the good guy or the bad guy i love that you can even steal from and kill npcs.. all i wish is that there was more information when the dark brotherhood will come out.. i also wish that if grouped quests will update for other players when they are grouped up with you. over all i highly reccomend i love the fact you can craft your own gear.. and even craft your own fine.. superior epic and even legendary gear.. as a guildwars 2 player i wasnt impressed with gw that it took forever and a day to even be able to get all the mats.. and promises that guildwars 2 had made were left unfulfilled i have  high hopes that eso will perform much better than that. so far i havent been bored. whether im stealing.. killing.. or just adventureing an all over great game.. my only request i guess is that guildwars has on you guys that eso doesnt have is that say you and another player find the same ore mounds and want to mine the same one.. and the other player gets there first you cant mine it yourself.. i hate to really compare games but ive played many mmos.. and over all even though they really only got a few things to improve on.. over all i have fun with the fact that there seems to be having a ongoing side quest for  the queen and the choices that you can make to shape the story to you.. i do enjoy the alternate endings you can chose. so all together id give the game a 4.5 out of a 5 star. 4.5 because it only has small changes it could make but over all im still a happy customer its had me addicted to where i end up playing this game all day and nearly all night . great job :)
76561198121588973,Recommended,306130,13558161,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Shlomo Goldberg,Surprisingly good and enjoyable despite all the reviews bashing the game.
76561198023613918,Recommended,306130,15078871,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Hptm.Sakke,"This game is awwwesome. It's quit good mash up of previous elder scrolls and made to mmo, and I like it alot, I can finally play elder scrolls with my friends. BUT I WANT MY LOCKPICKING AND SPELLS BACK, Kappa"
76561198259764490,Recommended,306130,31192556,Posted: 16 April,all,dan2morrow,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,306130,26696085,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sleipnir,Good Game.
76561198020085449,Recommended,306130,32008690,Posted: 27 May,all,Lord Silvanus,"A very fun MMO and a great F2P game. Even for someone unfamiliar with prior Elder Scrolls titles, it's not hard to immerse yourself into the game and its world"
,Recommended,306130,25448996,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Ron Swanson,"Pvp is the mafakin bomb in ESO, battles are huge with a great environment and feel to it. The quest system and leveling are both tied together, therefore you are not required to constantly grind mobs which makes the game more interesting. There could be some changes however, such as setting up guild bases as well as housing (just a recommendation)."
76561198124292953,Recommended,306130,26721653,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,GuyMan,"This is a really fun MMO and is kind of like Destiny, but skyrim themed. The boss fights are fun and grinds are not that bad."
76561198055858475,Recommended,306130,23988480,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,fsociety,If you get used to it it's fun :)
,Recommended,306130,32044136,Posted: 29 May,all,lulu,i fak this gaem in esss
,Recommended,306130,16015763,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sean Jean,"If you like either World of Warcraft or any Elder Scrolls game, then this is for you. If you like both, you will be very pleased with this game. A thing to note is that it takes a while to get into the game, don't expect to be amazed right as you play, it took me 80+ hours before I fully understood the game and enjoyed it to its potential."
,Recommended,306130,33933163,Posted: 31 July,all,Spooksty 💀,"Very comfy to play, especially with a controller if you're into that, tons of exploration and meaningful collectables to find, the community for me has been 110% helpful; above and beyond what was asked, and I couldn't feel more welcome if I tried.After playing the game in the beta and not really liking it, I can say that this game is finally a well-rounded and balanced game, and there would be no better time to purchase it, and I'm looking forward towards the hours of fun i'll get from this amazing game.My in-game is @captaintristy - feel free to add me if you're down to have a chill time too"
,Recommended,306130,24058657,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Atticus,Pretty dank game! 10/10
,Recommended,306130,23864566,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BigBadWolf,Would give it a good review if it would stop crashing after 5min of playing.
,Recommended,306130,15212828,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ezy,amazing but i suggest playing over Skyrim first because it will help you out with knowledge plus an amazinggg game itself 10/10
76561198169875899,Recommended,306130,15282083,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,MOCHI,is awesome  now that they take of 15$ per mouth the pvp is so good
,Recommended,306130,15311172,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,darkEntity52,awesome gameplaym hours of non stop questing!
76561198050929555,Recommended,306130,14247024,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,bud598,"This Game is amazing. Its beautiful, has a great combat system that ive never seen in any other mmo and still stays as true to the elder scrolls series as possible. Well done Zenimax/Bethesda."
,Recommended,306130,14827740,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Bjarkenator,this game is quite awesome though not worth subscription so buy it as soon aas you can now since sub is over!!
76561198131999713,Recommended,306130,15106330,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ridwanjpc,"i used to play this game about 8 moth ago, i think its not bad , i drop my subscription around 4 month ago, after they anounce its going to be subscription free, i think its worth a comback"
,Recommended,306130,15243308,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ZYPHON XGAZREW,"Needs more players, solid game with regular updates ^-^"
76561198060447582,Recommended,306130,15262472,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,LocoLobo,I needed to force myself to go outside to get away from this game
,Recommended,306130,15602712,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Jacknurse,"I whole-heartedly recommend this game. I've put a modest amount of hours into the game so far, and I must say, from what it was like during the Beta this game has come a very long way.I am excited to find out how the next lot of big updates will play out in the future development of the game.My only complaint so far is that you can only play as a party of 4 in the normal world (outside of PvP Cyrodiil) and in dungeons. I know that they are going to introduce larger party dungeons soon, but they'll likely be for high-level players. I've only got to level 33, and only really played in one of the factions (Ebonheart Pact) for any extended period of time. But I feel like I want to come back to this game everytime I take a break, which is a very good trait for any game.Needs more character costumisability though. More hairstyles, beards and adornments in particular, and a stylist NPC to allow appearance changes. The cash shop could also do with more updates. Still waiting for new costumes. >_<"
,Recommended,306130,15922444,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Raelians,Great game after the new content was added.
,Recommended,306130,16058097,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Syphex,I've liked it a lot so far... Good fun especially with friends. :)
,Recommended,306130,13767811,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ϟϟ HorusDelta ϟϟ,The Elder Scroll Online is very cool Game.
,Recommended,306130,13821858,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Señor Giggles,Other than Morrowwind best scrolls game ever! : ) 10/10 Would do it all again.
76561198135724841,Recommended,306130,15099483,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,MichiganCowboy,I love this game Im not a nerd but elder scrolls is the only game ill play thats like wow
,Recommended,306130,15099861,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"Very fun and nice looking game to play.i don't understand this low review rating, probably before the free patch.Runs very smooth, questing is actual questing, not run around like a fool.Massive open world, seriously alot of fun and worth every penny."
76561198143304232,Recommended,306130,15257295,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Silver Rising,"I am deffinatly finding this game fun, especialy now that the removed the subscription you preveiously need to play. And the graphics are beutiful."
76561198042662616,Recommended,306130,15260652,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Cysterion,"Created character, got to city, found a dead body, walked around, found a little girl half embedded in the street, stopped an assassination plot.- 10/10       Elder scrolls games instantly making you more important than any NPC- 11/10"
76561198011362703,Recommended,306130,15285428,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,roddenii,"Nice game. An reasonable expansion of the wonder of Skyrim. Need interaction with pets and horses, etc. Also, need a way to gain ""crowns"" in-game."
76561198127016870,Recommended,306130,15301816,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Ye'iitsoh,"Since I got to Cyrodill, like... Can you please?Looking for a Healer though ;)"
76561198103520488,Recommended,306130,15306535,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Phatt Justice,"I was frustrated when my launcher did not work.... but, after i fixed it. IT WAS THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!! I thought SKyrim could was the best game, and this TOPPED IT!!!!!!! I am in complete awe! This franchise keeps surprising me! 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10! Favorite game yet! Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,306130,26108894,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Xion,honestly one of the best games i've ever played. huge es fan and this was definitely a good buy.
,Recommended,306130,26120921,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Noocherino,buy it
76561198170413653,Recommended,306130,26179061,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,IRoNiC beATz,"After having some struggles getting this game to properly boot up so I can play, I can say that I am extremely satisfied. I absolutly loved Skyrim (and still do) and I always wanted to play an open world multiplayer game like that. Now my first thoughts were that this was gonna be just like Skyrim. Boy was I wrong. This game has similar elements in combat to Skyrim, almost the same but not quite, and it also has elements of mmo rpgs like WOW and LOTRO. Mixing the two together might seem like a problem but it actually turned out great. The acting is really good, even having some top of the line actors such as Michael Gambon (Dumbledore from Harry Potter). This game is awesome and I would like to recommend it to anyone who enjoys The Elder Scrolls and/or MMO Rpg games such as WOW or LOTRO. It's a great game."
76561198124093226,Recommended,306130,26231729,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ol' Dirty Bastard,better than WoWYou have been killed by ''lil blizzard fanboi''but nosrsly...
,Recommended,306130,26233781,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,M.Sunnyman,"A fantastic MMORPG. Would recommend it to evey Elder Scrolls fan BUT it takes A LOT OF TIME to download, So make sure you have enough disk space and enough time, took me 12 hrs to fully download it.Edit: You need to spend some time on it in order to uncover its magnificence. It's an RPG after all, You can't get everything in 1 hour and come running here to post a negative review."
76561198093955874,Recommended,306130,27592395,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,McJuJu,"TLDR; betheda's ""free"" w.o.w."
,Recommended,306130,28303945,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Django Fett,"I understand the people in the community who wrote this game off back when it first launched but from what I have experienced after playing it for about a year now is the fact that the devs at zenimax actually care about this game and work constantly to improve it for its playerbase and that alone speaks volumes.Pros & ConsPros: There are a lot of things this game gets right, character creation for one was great because it offers more in depth customizing like adjusting height, weight and  build, as well as applying lore friendly tattoos and face paints and even choosing from a selection of voices to have for battle grunts in combat.On the topic of customization the smithing in the game allows for cultural variants of every weapon type which is something i simply adore, one of my personal gripes with skyrim was how nearly everyone wielded a nordic style weapon regardless of race, place of origin etc. The biggest positive this game offers in my opinion is the exploration of multiple provinces, which gives it a lot of replay value as well as providing lore on areas that bethesda either refuses to revisit for an upcoming tes or has yet to cover.Cons: I want to preface this by saying my gripes are completely subjective. The easiest negative this game has is its grind, which are the MMO elements in this mmorpg, to some this is a plus but for me it's simply tedious, and by the grind I mean the sole driving force behind progression in any form of combat in this game, smithing. I personally hate the fact I have to either search for raw materials or buy them from guilds, it doesn't make sense as to why a smith wouldn't have ore/ingots laying around for sale. That grind somehow extends to even magicka, as even mages have to grind out woodcrafting for staves.Verdict: I can't speak for the PvP experience in this game but the PvE and main quest in short borrow a lot from oblivion, you can tell the devs drew inspiration from the narrative in that game, if you enjoyed that, you'll enjoy this and if you are tired of exploring the same old provinces of skyrim, cyrodiil and morrowind, I highly recommend giving zones like hammerfell, summerset high rock and black marsh a shot as they contain plenty of new interesting lore all while providing a different landscape to explore.4 out of 5"
,Recommended,306130,28542471,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Her0,Is guuuud
76561198129259063,Recommended,306130,30420868,Posted: 9 March,all,Rookie 052,I've played a little and it's great so far.
,Recommended,306130,31288351,Posted: 21 April,all,Lord Buckethead of Maidenhead,I first tried this game during the week long free trial. I really liked it so I bought it during the sale. It is kinda like Skyrim but with multiplayer
76561198132965886,Recommended,306130,26174426,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,bluecardiganman,I have so much fun in this openworld pvp game i cant get enough :)
,Recommended,306130,28541579,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TheOkayiestPossum,Unlocking the new lore of the story is just an exhiliarating as playing morrowind again!
76561198057982834,Recommended,306130,31946096,Posted: 24 May,all,jbmaiers,"Elder Scrolls Online is a very fun game. It is very enjoyable and you will never run out of things to do! But there are some problems. My main problem is I fell that this game tries so hard to be a elder scrolls game when it just doesnt feel like it. The engine and movement system is different. Its like someone stuck the interface of skyrim onto a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ engine. The game is very fun, But just because you like skyrim doesnt mean you will like it. It took some time for me to get into it. So it really just depends what type of games you like, At where the game is at now having just released a new dlc I would reccomend it. But it is hard for me to say that. The crown system ruins the game, The fact they added micro transactions is a problem for me. But as I said, At its price and the content it has as of now, I reccomend it."
76561198137539510,Recommended,306130,34570298,Posted: 28 August,all,Crimson_Gal_77,Nice game.To enjoy it in it's full glory you must be an Elder Scrolls fan
,Recommended,306130,34570678,Posted: 29 August,all,bagnfrag,Amazing on PC
76561198502153665,Recommended,306130,34569372,Posted: 28 August,all,Capitan Garcia,10/10 BEST DOWNLOADING SIMULATOR EVER!!!
,Recommended,306130,15320383,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Dan,Spent more time repairing/downloading patches/fixing than playing game itself.
,Recommended,306130,15408579,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Yah dassru,I just 1080(360x3) no-scoped sumwon weth mah fowkin bow holy shieeeeeeeeeeeeet! best game ever - 420/420 by: xXgethighwhileeatintacobellkid360Xx  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198067801077,Recommended,306130,15425033,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Exia,░░░░░ ▄▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░ SP00KY SCARY▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ ░░▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀ ░░░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█░
76561198017092991,Recommended,306130,15459957,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,b5001,The game seems really good in my books.It could use some more spell slots thats the only thing I dont like.But I like the game and I cant wait to see what the game has in store for the future.
,Recommended,306130,30626849,Posted: 19 March,all,Troy,"Amazing, switch from xbox one to pc"
76561198332608339,Recommended,306130,26719182,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,M0nTanA 2OOO,i think its a really cool game honestly
,Recommended,306130,30461571,Posted: 11 March,all,Trax,So much better than what it was when it was first released.
,Recommended,306130,22574168,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Miastra,This game is amazing!  I am a non-suscribed user and the fact that I can play in effect multi-player Skyrim is just fantastic.  Once you buy a dlc with the in game crowns it is yours for good.  So you can add as much or as little as you like.  Also the depth of play for crafting is just fantastic.  This is honestly a great game and I recommend it to anyone that played any Elder Scrolls game and wished it was multi-player.  Seriously everyone get this; you will not be wasting your money.Best new game I've bought so far this year 4.3/5.0 rating.  Enjoy everyone!
,Recommended,306130,30443222,Posted: 11 March,all,cqdemal,"What it is:A cookie-cutter MMORPG that tries very hard to mimic the single-player freedom and splendor of the mainline Elder Scrolls games... and ends up succeeding - to an extent - against all odds.What it does well:An utterly massive map filled to the brim with quests and locations - it will take you well beyond 400 hours to see and do everythingGuaranteed moments of hair-raising nostalgia for Elder Scrolls veterans who roamed Tamriel in the ages of Arena and DaggerfallOutstanding gameplay beat that takes you smoothly from quest hub to combat to quest hub, which means the game ends up being dangerously addictiveInfusion of mainline Elder Scrolls combat styles - including real-time blocking and movement - turns the otherwise decent but underwhelming stock MMO combat into something involving and potentially more rewarding to master than what Skyrim offersSurprising quest variety - you wouldn't think someone would make an MMO with a whole questline based on actual stealth missions, but that's exactly what's on offer here in the Thieves Guild DLCCan be surprisingly pretty even if it does show its age as an MMO from 2014Borderline magical level-scaling system that not only allows you to roam free to your heart's content but also play together with friends who are nowhere near your levelWhile the story is strictly a B-team affair, it does stay remarkably consistent with the feel of the mainline Elder Scrolls games and does nobody any harmFully-voiced NPCs help bring the world to life despite the understandable lack of Bethesda's trademark Radiant AI systemWhat it fluffs:Having other people around in quests that otherwise treat you as the sole hero can be jarringMain story and guild quests are only playable solo despite the game being, you know, an MMO...User interface somehow missing key components like an always-on minimap or inventory sorting functions that are actually usefulLots of quest decisions that don't seem to lead to anything meaningfulUgly or overly generic armor/clothing designs galoreTechnical stuff:Poor frame rates for a game that is only occasionally pretty - rarely sustains 60fps for very long at max settings on a GTX 1070 and may dip as low as 20fps for no particular reason in certain locationsPlenty of terrible textures but just about par for the course for an MMOFull 21:9 support built in, but your mileage may vary when it comes to community-developed add-ons that tweak or add to the UIRock-solid server stability spoiled only by lack of official estimated downtime for weekly maintenance on MondaysRecommendation:If you're an Elder Scrolls fan looking for a fix and you've had prior positive experience with MMOs before, The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited is an absolute must-buy as long as you don't come in expecting ""Skyrim with multiplayer."" ESO tries to blend in elements that made blockbusters out of the mainline Elder Scrolls games, and while it surprisingly succeeds more often than not, it still plays very much like what you'd expect from a modern MMO... which is far from a bad thing. Even long-time Elder Scrolls fans who sneered at the prospect of multiplayer will have to crack a smile when they rediscover places like Daggerfall and Wayrest more than two decades later, and the upcoming release of the Morrowind chapter promises to deliver even more top-notch questing with a side dish of quality nostalgia.For non-fans, ESO offers a competent if familiar MMO experience spiced up by the distinctive real-time combat system. While its story is nothing to write home about, it does operate with the assumption that the player is already somewhat familiar with its fiction, and this is not a good entry point into the series if you're a complete newcomer."
76561198030499253,Recommended,306130,30458521,Posted: 11 March,all,wdsnav91,"The first time I entered this game I saw that it was very similar to the other elder scrolls games. If you like oblivion, skyrim, or the others; you WILL like it. I am so sick of traditional MMORPGs that only point you one direction to go and the only goal is to super powerful to beat others in PvP. This game gives you the freedom to play how you want to. Don't want to kill monsters? How about just slay everyone in the town for the fun of it lol. There is so many different options to do in this game that you will not get bored. You may have to grind a little but you will frequently get more involved quests that aren't just go here and kill this and come back like WoW. I have tried a lot of online games and this one is the best. It is basically an open world of just many things you can do. I will definitly be looking forward to and buying Morrowind expansion!"
,Recommended,306130,31550140,Posted: 4 May,all,Gloria,"I like this game, it's fun.Character maker is great!Gameplay is great!Graphics are great!Story is great!Game = Great! .... have I mentioned it's great :P"
,Recommended,306130,31553030,Posted: 4 May,all,barble,its ok
,Recommended,306130,23381310,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Jish,"*I'm not sure why it shows such a small amount of time spent in-game. I'm playing around with the launchers and such to figure out how it is getting that data but I have spent many hours in this so far. **What I can tell so far, for me at least, steam is only counting the time I spend on the launcher/updater and not the actual game.I wanted to give my 2 cents as there are only 13 hours left for people to buy this on sale.I purchased this game, and then became wary of some of the negative reviews I saw.Now, MOST of the negative reviews post-unlimited are about things before you even start the game.Seriously? They complain about the size of the game, the ammount of patches, the fact that you have to register an account and tell them you don't want to pay per month for extra content and they also do a bit of verification emails very similair to how steam operates.So far I have seen nothing worth complaining about. I have not actually played the game yet because I just got past all that I mentioned above. Don't let the download size scare you, it's an MMORPG what do you expect?I will update in a few hours after I have played.(Some of the negative reviews are bogus, one individual claimed this was a Blizzard game and said that they always hated Blizzard games and would never purchase a Blizzard game again.)UPDATE - Ok guys, i'm sorry I couldn't get this review updated before the sale ended (life happened.)This game is actually very interesting from what I have seen so far. The class system looks small and constricting at a glance but you can use any weapons and armor with any class and the mixing of skills makes for a huge number of combinations.The game itself is well-played. It starts off kind of slow (especially if you came from playing hundreds of hours in skyrim) because you feel like you want to jump right into the thick of things, but it eventually catches you up to speed on the particular mechanics (like crafting etc.) before letting you lose.There is no shortage of quests (Come on, all MMOs are like that. Even skyrim and fallout are that way.)So far I give this game a huge thumbs up. I will warn you, coming from Skyrim will confuse you. This is not skyrim. The combat system and skill system is built like an MMO. That doesn't make it bad, it makes it different and fits the game it is supposed to be.The only quarrel I have with this game is FPS issues. I run a decent set-up that runs skyrim with 200 mods, I ran fall-out 4 decently well but this game I haven't quite tweaked my settings for it. (But as new games come out, my system gets older and it's harder to keep up anyways. That's just the nature of the game. But if you CAN run it, this game looks really nice on ultra settings.)I will continue to update as I delve in deeper (gotta avoid my habit of constantly creating new toons.) I look forward to my first dungeon."
,Recommended,306130,26730552,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,famaouz,It is 'okay'
,Recommended,306130,29920900,Posted: 14 February,all,Mayweather,"Do not buy this game on steam, I had my game uninstalled by itself after a long painful time of waiting for this game to download. (*Had my client downloaded the patch 100% and guess what, corrupted files baby. Attempted to verify caches on steam, it deleted my entire game instead without any notice whatsoever. Get the game directly from the site itself."
76561198064689660,Recommended,306130,23381100,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,I am the Senate,"Imagine if Skyrim came out with no crime system, no dark brotherhood or thieve's guild and lots of crashes.But then 2 years later updated with Dawnguard, Dragonborn, Thieves Guild, Dark Brotherhood and decided to add Cyrodill and Morrowind in the game too.8/10"
,Recommended,306130,27765381,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Burnerz,its a good game
,Recommended,306130,13669824,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pochusaurus,"So much to do, crafting, pvp, pve, item hunts, build diversity. Can't wait for March 17! B2P baby!A real review:Its not Skyrim but it is a nice theme park MMO focused around Elder Scrolls lore. 2 years later its finally turned into something that's acceptable. There are pay walls everywhere. Its a DLC fest and not the kind of DLC fest Destiny did. This one is annoying. They encourage ""gambling"" for cosmetics. Overall I still love the game and play it regularly, just not as regular as when the hype was still real.Worth a shot. My advice: actually play the game. Take your time with quests and read/listen to the stories and you'll have yourself a nice story telling game. Do this ATLEAST for the first faction playthrough. Then you can do whatever you want for Cadwell's silver and gold. Don't expect much from player housing or NPC killing either. Feels like those two are only there for the nostalgia of the original Elder Scrolls games."
76561198088343707,Recommended,306130,19478990,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,🌈fukayu🌈,EVERY FILE FAIL TO VALIDATE AYE?! GET THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT YOUR♥♥♥♥♥STEAM! Good game though.
,Recommended,306130,33194299,Posted: 3 July,all,mob.7r1gg3r,Its okay...
,Recommended,306130,20170576,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Spooky Shmoogy™,Its not bad also badges
76561198094150002,Recommended,306130,15878447,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Danteflax,very good game thats all i hef 2 say :3
76561198326588911,Not Recommended,306130,33164267,Posted: 2 July,all,Otto,"Back in my day, we could buy the items we wanted outright instead of having to attempt to get them through terribly implemented, cash-grabbing loot crates."
76561198119115077,Recommended,306130,34203945,Posted: 12 August,all,abracadanny,"I got this game to tide me over until an Elder Scrolls VI and it delivered. A good balance between solo and group content. Plenty of hours can spent on your own just doing quests and enjoying the scenery. If you're an Elder Scrolls fan like me, you should get this game for the world space alone; you can see all of Valenwood and High Rock, and a little bit of Hammerfell, Summerset, and Black Marsh. The gameplay runs like you'd expect from an MMO, but the world and quests are all faithful to the Elder Scrolls universe.The combat and skill system are deceptively flexible. Don't put yourself into a box; try any race with any class and change up your weapons and armor. I suggest thinking about the ""role"" you want to play (tank, healer, DPS), then find the class most suited to that, then decide your race and equipment. It can feel repetative once you know what you're doing, but the dynamic fights - timed blocks, roll dodges, and free movement - keep things fresh."
,Recommended,306130,34379186,Posted: 20 August,all,chachito#teampyro hellcase.com,sah dood its the best
,Recommended,306130,32954533,Posted: 28 June,all,Kurai Nightfang,10/10
76561197978351646,Not Recommended,306130,32940824,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr_Benn,"Steam Version BrokenWell, I finally succumbed and bought this on Steam after seeing recent reviews of it had improved.It took about 3 hours to download and install, in sections, so from purchasing to trying it out, I had to wait a day. During that time a certain amount of excitement had grown and I has greatly looking forward to playing.When I tried to run the game, a series of logos and screens appeared, and finally, a screen came up  saying it’s going to install Morrowind DLC – for another 89 GB! When I clicked yes to that, it stated that I now didn't have disk space for that. So I could not play the game on my PC, despite having a good gaming machine.I tried asking around on a few forums, and was told that the cause was a bug with the Steam version, and was then shown various solutions where the user must hack around in the Steam folder structure and re-download the game. Most of these solutions had alternative solutions also, in case the one proffered didn’t work. They all had a clause along the lines, “but if that doesn’t work, then try this” followed by another multiple step hack of moving around files, renaming configuration entries and waiting for another 3 hour download. Not very appealing.When I buy a game on Steam, and my software and hardware meets the requirements of that game, I expect it work “out of the box” without having to spend days trying out various hocus pocus solutions in the hope that it will eventually work. Therefore I returned the game, and got my money back.I might try it again in the future, but through Bethesda’s launcher, not Steam’s. But right now I’m steering clear."
76561198111434419,Recommended,306130,15240906,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,BESTEST GAME EVVVERRRR ERRRRRMEEEHGURRRRDDD!!! No but seriously if you are a fan of elder scrolls you will wet yourself when you play this game! Its to die for! 5 stars!
,Recommended,306130,20065678,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,crushingyou101,I was a huge Skyrim fan so I thought this would fall short due to it being online and well we all know trolls are perfect at ruining games. But I love it and love all the features there is!
,Recommended,306130,31123196,Posted: 13 April,all,ArcaneFeathers,"I'll be honest, I'm not big into MMOs and this was the first that I really wanted to and tried to get into. The first time I tried playing back during the winter sale flopped pretty hard. I was really put off by the differeces between Skyrim and ESO. So, my biggest piece of advice is not to charge into ESO expecting a normal single player Elder Scrolls game.Once I sat back and cleared my expectations, this game has easily swept me back up and taken its slot as one of my all time favorite games. I adore it. I've only been playing regularly for a couple of months now, but I'm racking up hours pretty fast. Sometimes when first starting out it feels overwhelming with how much you can do in this game, but with the achievements and collecting titles, costumes, dye colors - just all of the things, it keeps me motivated via obsession easily.I'm still learning how to do a lot of things in the game, I'm not terribly good at PvP, but that doesn't stop me from having fun, even in the Cyrodiil. You can play this game to be competitive or you can sit back and play for fun, both, it seems incredibly flexible. Normally I play in a group with my husband, but I also strike out and solo on occasion - but being able to play with a partner or friend(s) makes the game incredibly more fun.The artwork, scenery, music, and so much more make this a beautiful game. It's work buying, and the free play week is a must for anyone who has any desire to check out this game. I recommend it to everyone, even those who aren't inspired by or normally shy away from MMOs.  Holiday events, DLC, interesting quests and story for the base game, there really is so much to do, it's more than worth the cost of the game when the free week is over.I would give some additional advice to new players that I didn't understand when I first jumped in... get a mount asap, even the cheap one at the stables and start feeding it every day to level those stats. They work for all your mounts to boost your riding speed, stamina and carrying. That and make sure to put some thought into the class you pick for your character, as of now there isn't a class change option. You can always make another character though. Most of all, just have fun with the game!"
,Recommended,306130,31204865,Posted: 17 April,all,☻χᴀɴᴀχ☻ ｒａｗ,world of warfcroft is wel better cos u can aktually kill guards
76561197963938767,Recommended,306130,34206974,Posted: 12 August,all,ZeeZx,By far this is the most enjoyable MMO game.
76561198283948388,Recommended,306130,33005119,Posted: 29 June,all,VVW.Spennywise,"Compared to skyrim and other elder scrolls games this game is a let down but if you just want a fun mmo, don't mind excessive microtransactions, lots of grinding, and you aren't expecting elder scrolls 6 you might enjoy the game."
76561198248136290,Recommended,306130,27896568,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OpTic ReTaRd,If u think this game sucks then idk. This games fun asf. The dungeons are lit asl with friends
,Recommended,306130,30627559,Posted: 19 March,all,SiLen7,Highly addictive MMO!
,Recommended,306130,22616014,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,PeachDruid,"Pretty good game I think. Don't go into it thinking it's ""Skyrim but online"" though. Only thing is that it's kind of annoying to pay 80 bucks for a game only to find that DLC is required for certain areas and Crown Store items don't tell you real currency values. Because no one would pay $10 for a camel mount. Well, maybe. Camels are pretty neat."
76561198054748892,Recommended,306130,33701949,Posted: 21 July,all,Plebeius,ESO fun
76561198094471123,Recommended,306130,23287617,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Shadow,Dungeon finder still broken...10/10 IGN
76561198145504925,Recommended,306130,18154895,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Sam Round,i think the game is pretty fun but i am kinda in the middle with this one it is pretty fun bot nothing compared to skyrim with the graphics and it doesnt really feel like typical elder scrolls that much anymore
,Recommended,306130,31152844,Posted: 15 April,all,Slobodan Milosevic,Gut gam
,Recommended,306130,23358686,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Ninja6460,This game is awesome! Im playing on laptop with minimum video settings and i get 50-80 fps! woah i never believed i would get so good fps on this game with a laptop.
76561198089131219,Recommended,306130,23154882,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Bootysorcerer,I am not a big fan of MMOs but this one have me coming back often.
76561198272946538,Recommended,306130,23174944,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,rgheckle,Love it! I do Like Skyrim better but this one will satify a mac user like myself!
76561198114642710,Recommended,306130,23154988,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,(ADC)BagMan,Simply Awesome
76561198083452776,Recommended,306130,31185556,Posted: 16 April,all,Nibba Dipsy,Fus roh dah
,Recommended,306130,20418798,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Vittorio Scaletta,"I got all the collection cards while patching.""Collection Cards Simulator""10/10"
,Recommended,306130,17431436,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Spongy,"Now that the game is free it is definately worth the buy, but personally i noticed that older gen. CPU's tend to cause the game to crash, despite it running fine while playing it"
76561198087143685,Recommended,306130,17546975,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,MAHIN,This game is fun to play as a mmorpg game . Most of the mmorpg games dont have great stories like this game. I will suggest people to taste some different kind of mmo like this one. AND yes dont compare it with skyrim !!!!! :D
76561198151240202,Recommended,306130,17547146,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Sgt. Albert Einstien XXXPear,"This game was a let down after the build from the trailers because they have nothing to do with the actual game and you cant even get the armours that you see in the trailer. ESO is nowhere near as good as skyrim and ESO is also nothing like i expected it would be, But then one night i got bored and started playing ESO and after playing it for 3  hours straight i realized that it was actually a very good game (still not as good as Skyrim) and now that there is no subscription i have started playing it and i have recommened it to many of my friends as i recommend it to everyone that reads this. ESO might seem like a bad game at first but just give it some time and you might end up liking it. I was not impressed with the quality of the graphics or the inventory system but it works quite efficiently. Changing weapons in combat is annoying and can get you killed unless you get to level 15 and unlock the ability to swap to a second weapon scheme with the press of a button. Leveling up in ESO can take a long time but I have found that fighting enemies at the same or higher levels is the only way to level up quickly and efficiently. That is all that I have to say about ESO so to anyone who has not played ESO I recommend that you do."
,Recommended,306130,17600422,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Im perv,"This game is great, you will probably enjoy this if you like MMO's or just The Elder Scrolls series. This is a game for you"
76561198284544546,Recommended,306130,29097835,Posted: 7 January,all,Dante,"I have played mmorpgs before but i have never bought one. This is my first paid mmorpg.For those who jump into this game, just because you liked skyrim.You might be disappointed.Cause its different,i am not saying its bad,its different.There is a main story, but what i loves the most is every map has a story of its own.And every stroy is worth playing. Its very well written and narrated.I havent been bore even a little since i bought it.I hope you enjoy it too."
,Recommended,306130,17377593,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,"Lord Wolf, of Wolf House",14 hours of updateing the launcher. and what did i get. the enjoyment of murdereding 3 npcs with my greatsword.
,Recommended,306130,17586650,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Geiv,"Contrary to what Steam says, I have played ESO for a while. The game is well balanced, with challenging bosses and a skill-based combat system that utilizes the number 1-5 keys. ESO offers gamers the choice between a first and third person viewpoint, and has assisted aim so that you aren't shooting at a fish in a barrel. All in all, I like it a lot and it was definitely worth every penny."
76561198096313381,Recommended,306130,17648799,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,exponential crisis,"0/10Cant worship Molag Bal, take his mace, and trap Belethor's soul in a gem to consume as my own to remove my vampirism, and then sentence him to Coldharbour for eternity.""Some call these things trash, me, I call them treasures.""- Belethor of Belethor's General GoodsNah but seriously don't buy this expecting Skyrim Online, this is just like any other MMO but with all the amazing Elder Scrolls gameplay. Combat system is generaly the same as Skyrims except when it comes to all the general MMO combat mechanics. You don't even need to play it as an MMO either. You can treat the game just as any single player Elder Scrolls game like I do. Lore is a little ♥♥♥♥ed though. Argonian's fighting along side the  Dark Elves who enslaved them for thousands of years??? but whatever its still a great game and with no more subscription fee its totally worth it."
,Recommended,306130,17899352,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Arif Arji,"My brother tell me  to try this game.Ok, i'll try a little."
76561198198427501,Recommended,306130,17921506,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,mawnark14,i love getting lost in the forest.
76561198108906105,Recommended,306130,29169411,Posted: 10 January,all,Smoke2Joints,"It plays a lot better on pc then console in my opinion, I enjoy it more on pc."
,Recommended,306130,31480989,Posted: 1 May,all,Stratospherezero,"Don't have too many hours in it, but so far I'm enjoying ESO.Pros:- One time purchase- Cheap when on saleCons:- Leveling can feel a little tedious/slow.- Guards are invincibleDedicated to Ping, quit pestering me. :^)"
,Recommended,306130,17438061,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Sneakerzz,"Stunning Graphicsm, I mean just purely amazing if your computer can handle it and even if it can't handle max they are still amazing. The gameplay is even better. I love all the different quests and guilds you can join. Great successor to Skyrim."
,Recommended,306130,18854773,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Radius,"This game is brilliant, with a setting unlike most MMORPG games which is a real sense of belonging in the community. With the precious handful of people that have purchased and currently play ESO:TU, we have all learned to lean on each other for support and co-opperate. This has developped a very closely knit community of friendly people from all around the world. This is also because there are currently only 2 mega servers, North America and Europe. From personal experience, I play from Asia, and the ping is acceptable (wireless).Gameplay wise, the graphical content is stunning, with visuals that never fail to impress you everytime you enter a new area. The controls are easy to master, developping comfortable patterns between abilities and classes. I currently play as a Dragonknight and Mage, and although they are different, I can easily switch between the 2.Overall, it is a great game, and if an Asian mega server was introduced, I would be crying with joy.87/100 - Rating"
,Recommended,306130,18936397,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Red,AMAZING game for $60 it's better than Guild Wars 2 personally it's just like skryim and totally worth trying out with some friends and you'll be putting tons of time into the game. It's addictive asf like coke bruh ahahha have fun DOODS
76561198171929073,Recommended,306130,19046255,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Felchiee,Definitely my type of game...
,Recommended,306130,19269750,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,hacknslash,Your other games will be jealous when you start spending all your time in Tamriel...
,Recommended,306130,19523381,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Jimbles Notronbo,"Best game ever, the only down side of the game is when you are new and dont have money getting a horse takes sooooo long. still 15/10 best game ever!"
,Recommended,306130,19604618,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,The Biscuit,Combat improvements make PVP actually seem like your having a duel with someone.Unless your one of THOSE people who run and jump around in combat like a mad chimpanzee.
76561198000137437,Recommended,306130,19607456,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,jaybollman,"I like this game, it is fun, and exploritive. Elder Scroll fans will feel pretty familiar with the game mechanics. However, I really just can't shake the feeling that the owner of Bethesda and the owner of Blizzard Entertainment sat down, rolled a blunt and got super blazed. This game was birthed with the phrase: ""aaaayyyy bruh. what if. what iffff. follow me now. what if... Skyrim and WoW.... like had a baby. And that baby was like a hybird Skyrim/WoW baby."" to which Blizzard replied: ""dude. *passes blunt* lets get some Jimmy Johns and crank this ♥♥♥♥♥ out.""Worth the $31 I paid for it. I would not have enjoyed it had I paid the full price at launch, but it certainly delivers when you feel like just grindin' for loot and money, and don't want to dig out Skyrim. I am not to the point where I am social yet, and I feel like there are raid systems for dungeons and pvp in place, but I am under level 10. Ill give it 4.99/5. (-.01 because I have yet to be told my purpose, or it lacks a goal setting system type-deal.)Noteable Pros:-Graphics are pretty great, maybe just a smidge under what skyrim was, which is great for an mmo.-Combat can be simple, or invasive, your choice.-Nice community from what I can tell.-Guilds-F2P (with inital purchase first, of course) with option to purchase DLC's and cosmetics and mounts-Has a nice tutorial that isnt annoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and is sweet and to the point. Everytime you open a menu for the first time, it has a pop-up with maybe 2 paragraphs explaining all you need to know, and then it will go away and leave you alone. you dont even have to accknowledge it.-The voice acting and sounds are spectacular. Best I have seen hands down.Peev Cons:-Weapons and armor are kind of bland until you get WAAAY up in them levels. Reminds me of Rift's style stuff.-I was a hardcore mode Skyrim/Obliv/Morrow player, and this is way too easy for me, and it has no difficulty setting, but I     am forgiving since its an mmo.-Feels very empty, like it's lacking in content, or just creativity, perhaps too spread out???All in all, it was worth the $31 i paid. Its addictive, and pretty fun. Make friends in it asap though, or it will get dull. This game would make a Skyrim/WoW fan pretty happy."
76561198068548663,Recommended,306130,19607819,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,LoxTrax,Played 50+hours in first 4 days of owning the game.Still suck at doing pretty much everything.Still no idea what to do most of the time.Joined guilds full of nice people who also mostly have no idea wtf they are doing.10/10 will keep playing.
,Recommended,306130,19631398,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Punished Peenster,"Its gud, I give it A/5"
,Recommended,306130,19666185,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Kamiyadori,"Like Tera, with beter combat and the lack of half naked children running arouind."
,Recommended,306130,19830043,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,:p,♥♥♥♥♥♥ goed
76561198103614811,Recommended,306130,19998250,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,!VintageDino! csgobig.com,This is awesome! Best MMORPG out there
76561198203609164,Recommended,306130,20003929,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Umbrace_Titan,This game is worthy of the Elder Scrolls name.
76561198271377793,Recommended,306130,20076673,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Nasty NaS,only problem is THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DAGGERFALL GUARDS!!!!!!!
76561198028515425,Not Recommended,306130,20578753,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ekacpuC ehT esahC,"ehh, not really as good as i thought it would be. Played it with my 2 friends and it kept crashing (mostly because of my friends horrible wifi) but i still wish i could get a refund"
,Not Recommended,306130,21168565,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Esquilo,"The epic feeling of The Elder Scrolls is gone. You know, that uniqueness of being the Dragonborn in Skyrim? Now you're just one more in the server.This is just a generic RPG with the same old quests: Kill 10 of these, bring me 10 of that."
,Recommended,306130,23566467,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Yggs,Fun and interesting way to remove hours from your life and add them to the game counter.
76561198021829909,Recommended,306130,23732810,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Rukaa,Probably clouded by my love for The Elder Scrolls.
,Recommended,306130,24702327,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Shösuke,It´s Elder Scrolls in an mmo + it´s amazing lorewise.WHAT ELSE WOULD YOU NEED.
76561198101430104,Not Recommended,306130,31478866,Posted: 30 April,all,Apostrophe,"I bought this game in beta. it Has been constantly ♥♥♥♥ed up, and the developers have constently milked it for cash... if you want to have a good time prepare to pay for it!... That is, if you can get it to run"
76561198102886464,Recommended,306130,26714901,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,RedGimiGamer,"I'm a HUGE Elder Scrolls fan and after all this time by playing single player, now there is actually multiplayer??AND WE CAN GO ANYWHERE IN TAMRIEL??? WHAT???Insta-buy, please take my money!!!Totally recommend it!"
,Recommended,306130,27515947,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,miz0pa,One Tamriel. 10/10
,Recommended,306130,29889026,Posted: 12 February,all,Hawk,"Love this game! May not have the depth of other MMOs (I'm looking at you, WoW) but they have greatly improved it since the abysmal launch. There's not much direction of where to go and what to do, so just pick somewhere to start questing. You'll never really run out of stuff to do. I'm a mostly PvE player and really enjoy the dungeons and trials they have available. PvP is a lot of fun as well and pretty unique from other MMO PvP modes.The (optional) subscription is worth it, and you can drop it whenever you want."
76561198308784296,Recommended,306130,31090710,Posted: 11 April,all,treetrunk775,"I am by no means a RPG expert, but I do enjoy playing this game with my friends"
76561198114817545,Recommended,306130,33690387,Posted: 21 July,all,LudoKai,"I'm closing in on 900 hours play-time and I'm just gonna give a small review of how the game-state currently is.Firstly; This is Elder Scrolls meaning the lore is dark, brooding and extensive so as far as questing and stories go, it's absolutely amazing.Graphically the game looks solid. Animations are well done in both 1st and 3rd person and the overall aesthetic is incredible from the absolutely gorgeous greendlands of Greenshade to the literal horror that is Coldharbour. The game is gorgeous.The main thing that keeps pulling me back in is the sheer amount of content that goes hand-in-hand with incredible quality. It's not the generic ""Collect the anuses of 10 bears"" as quests but more like quests that can affect an actual area. I adore them.The character building is incredible. Whereas many MMO's are ruled by the meta, this game is not. I've seen countless builds that're incredible. As long as your HP and resource hits a certain threshold then you can quite literally get through all the the content.- - - Morrowind - - -My best friend gifted me the expansion with him knowing how much I love this game. In short, I'd say the expansion is worth it. It doesn't add drastic amounts of content but the content it does add is incredible. Giving you an entire new story to play through as well as another incredible area.Most noteworthy though is the new class; Currently I have 2 Wardens at max level and I'm working on a 3rd. The reason I'm pointing this out is because the class is diverse enough that I can make multiple characters of the same class and they all fulfil their role in a completely new and unique way with my Magicka-based Warden having incredible sustain and my Stamina Warden having absolutely insane burst-damage. And my new Warden? He's a melee-based Stamina character who's currently a master of DoT's.All in all, ESO is fantastic. It doesn't require a subscription to play [although the content and value it adds is insane] and you never have to spend extra money with the majority of microtransactions just being cosmetics.I love this game and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who likes in-depth character building, vast amounts of quality content and who just likes Elder Scrolls in general as you can quite literally choose to play this as a completely solo-experience if needed."
76561198345553442,Recommended,306130,30092074,Posted: 21 February,all,Dante-Quietus,"Alright, I loved the hell out of ESO when i first started playing it. Look at my clocked in hours. Anyone that has played half that much as claims the game sucks, is lying.But this review is more for Morrowind.. Which was a complete rip off.  For some reason it's not letting many Morrowind purchasers review that game. Sure, the content was lovely and refreshing.. but it was so limited.  It offers very little for new and old players alike.  And at the price of a full game.  I mean seriously?  It should have just been a DLC provided for free with subscription... but to use the term ""Chapter"" to be cute and screw subscribers out of something the size of the other DLC (Guilds, Orisinium) is just blatantly dishonest.BUY ESO for sure if you are a fan of the genre, stay clear of Morrowind if you want bang for your buck. Just a ripoff.I am a post-Tamriel One player, and you can probably see from my playing hours I have spent perhaps way too much time on this game! While I have written a lot of areas for improvement, I would recommend it for a 3 month heavy gaming stint.Basically the good and the badGood:-ESO allows players a high level of freedom in design of characters (though not nearly as many as some d20 systems). There are so many different builds I would like to try.-The Community is generally relatively positive and helpful to new players.-Aesthetically appealing world (not nearly as lovely as the Witcher 3, way better than WoW or Glyph)-Well thought out quests (better than WoW anyhow)-Very few serious bugs-Decent world lore (Delivered in the form of terribly written soporific texts or entertaining PCs)Mixed Feelings--ESO Plus Subscription was supposed to come with DLC on a quarterly basis.  I don’t think it has.  It was worth it for me as I am new player, so I received access to DLCs released from the last few years (Orsinium, Thieves Guild, Dark brotherhood, Imperial City).  I haven’t sees a release this past quarter anyhow.Bad:-While Tamriel One lets you play the zones and quests of each faction the quests are very much the same here for each group. Some, but very little new quest content.-there is little sense of accomplishment in levelling up.  All zones are accessible to all players as the game scales to your level ….  Levelling in this sense can seem irrelevant.  But you do get new skills, but no additional firepower behind those skills.  This is a Tamriel One “feature”.  An alternative would be to set up a server or instances where there is no such scaling based on a player’s choice of scaled or not.-You cannot fully enjoy the game unless you have an ESO Plus subscription. Without a crafting bag that gives you a lot of NECESSARY inventory space, you will be forced to be a choosey looter (Not easy when going through a high paced dungeon with a random group of people), purchase merchant follower (with real money), or give up crafting.  This problem is likely compounded with Homestead that has added a lot of housing items that many people won’t be using.  That means more trips to town to sell them off instead of time adventuring… unless you are a picky looter. It appears that ESO purposely creates inventory problems for the user to force them into a ESO Plus purchase situation: Monster Trophies, Undropable token items, housing, crafting.  The last thing I want to think about when playing a game is inventory management.  Makes it feel too much like work.  At the very least they should provide players with extra inventory to accommodate the homestead associated drops. I have purchased a merchant, a banker and an ESO crafting bag (Via ESO Plus) with real money and still get annoyed.-Allow inventory to be sorted additionally by sets.-You need a fairly organized group of 12 players to get the best gear in the game… not good if you don’t want to or have loads of time to invest in game.-Asia is laggy, and there seems to be no plans for an Asia server.-GMs either do not exist or do not get involved to spice up the world (I haven’t seen any in my 3 months of play anyhow)"
,Recommended,306130,11610069,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Strategerize,"I was skeptical at first and didnt enjoy the beta.  I waited till the Steam sale and after some recommendations from friends and watching a few videos gave it a try again.Pros:  Crafting is awesome, Solo experiance is amazing.  PVP is the best since DAOC.  Love the 3 realm combat.  exploration is rewarded.Cons:  Still some bugs, still some unbalance like Destro/Resto Staff, grouping is hard to get used to. Healing is not as easy (which i personnaly like but my healer friend dislikes).  only 6x2 abilities is kinda weak but thats what all games are turning towards."
,Recommended,306130,26688978,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Oblivionized,Good game if you have friends to play with
,Recommended,306130,29192105,Posted: 11 January,all,Griffith.exe,"Way better than I expected it to be, really fun and overall a good experience."
76561198104535134,Recommended,306130,35002115,Posted: 16 September,all,Lontum,"Stopped a group of refugees in a crypt from cannibalizing to survive by burning half of their stored ""meat."" Then used the other half as material to craft meals, which I then donated to feed starving refugees.10/10, would feed refugees each other again."
76561197981221313,Recommended,306130,28031160,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nikolai,"I didn't like what they did at first but now that the subscription fee went away and they've fix most of the issues they had at launch, I enjoy it as much as skyrim. The rpg is not as immersive as skyrim but raiding tamriel with friends makes up for it. If you are like me and disliked what the game was on release date, I highly suggest that you give it a try once again, it's worth it."
,Recommended,306130,28050239,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Quiet Alien,"I never liked MMOs, but this game feels like an awesome single player with people in it. Highly detailed scenery that really transforms itself through time and weather, fantastic lore that we love, immersive first person combat, a lot of story rich secondary quests and all of that in a huge open world. I'm in love."
,Recommended,306130,28053253,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ALo -,It's a good game.
,Recommended,306130,28059658,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ObviousBark,"Nominating for “Best Use Of A Farm Animal” award!In this game, you just farm, you animal."
,Recommended,306130,28085902,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TheAshenElf,This game is 100% better if you got buds to play with!
76561198197642065,Recommended,306130,30964004,Posted: 5 April,all,opey9519,"Amazing game but it does go under maintenance quite a bit which can ruin your gameplay and make you lag a lot. I do like the MMO feature elder scrolls has on this game and how it is played out. The story can be kind've boring at first but you will be absorbed into all of the side missions. All of the quests scale to your level so it doesn't matter what quests you do and where. Taking on dungeons is a different story, and releases the teamwork factor in the game. But I must warn all of the skyrim players it is not like skyrim it is an MMO not a single player adventure game. So I love this game but, it can be boring without friends or communication. This game also increases the grinding aspect."
76561197987102734,Recommended,306130,31350992,Posted: 24 April,all,bryantaylor200474,"After having now twice suffered having to download 59gb of game data after another update (what i now find seems to be every update since the game was launched on steam), i am quite frankly annoyed as **** that such an issue remains a popular topic to this day. WHY IN GODS NAME IS THIS **** NOT FIXED.Its a good game, buggy, with a **** public trading system. Quests are good, group play is good, solo play good, content massive, depth of gameplay/customisation of characters very good. Many positive things to balance against the bugs and non sensical public trading, but otherwise a worthwhile purchase and investment of your gaming time.at least if you read the first part you know potentially what you may suffer as a consequence of buying through steam - people who bought and who play independently don't seem to have the same issues - save yourself hassle, buy and play this game outside steam, as neither valve or zenimax seem to give flying **** about the update/re-DL issue."
76561198180190985,Recommended,306130,30661585,Posted: 21 March,all,Hussic,"The only MMORPG I have played, so its pretty awesome to me."
76561198063413958,Recommended,306130,28032523,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mr.WumboTheBear.,Jumped off a cliff with my horse and landed on top of a boss with low health and killed it with one ability. 10/10 would jump again.
76561198125690251,Recommended,306130,28054042,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Carrey,Beat a Level 34 Templar with my lvl 8 sorc. I dont know how.
76561198161262629,Recommended,306130,31254425,Posted: 20 April,all,Rayy PNW,STILL A BETTER MMO THEN GUILD WARS.CRY ABOUT IT.
,Recommended,306130,26679306,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,F0xyzz,"11/10Nice GraphicsCool GameplayFunny BugsGet it alreadyP.S.: This game deserves the award for ""Just 5 more minutes"""
,Recommended,306130,31698494,Posted: 12 May,all,Peter.,Skyrim MMO
76561198078763932,Recommended,306130,31135726,Posted: 14 April,all,Zetsumei Natsuki,Good mmo mechanics with a very naicu story.......non-grindy and quest based mmorpg!!!
76561198051045393,Not Recommended,306130,33287786,Posted: 5 July,all,Betty Fucking White,"Fun with friends, abhorredly boring alone. The game itself though, to make it short, had many pluses along with a greater presence of downsides:Nice visually, cool skill tree, diverse builds ect.But the amount of glitchy and impossible to overlook broken mechanics were enough of a pull back to consistantly spice that sour taste in your mouth right when things almost feel fun.The inventory system - ♥♥♥♥edThe exponential scaling of upgrades - ♥♥♥♥edThe ever apparent money grubbing schemes - Apparent and ♥♥♥♥edAnd for god sake, the mother♥♥♥♥ing law system - Absoultely disgustingly ♥♥♥♥ed.6/10"
,Not Recommended,306130,33267824,Posted: 5 July,all,lulzrawr,"If you are a person who likes to buy a game and own it rather than paying monthly subscription fees like World Of Warcraft, be aware that you will be severely handicapped in this game. I played about 1 hour, then uninstalled and asked for a refund once I realized how far behind I'll be if I do not pay a monthly fee. Elder Scrolls is a fantastic franchise and if I ever feel like committing myself to a monthly subscription, I might consider reinstalling.When I first took a look at this game, I assumed the difference between the Gold Edition and the ESO+ subscription was that the ESO+ subscription gave access to the DLC and some bonus crowns, while the Gold Edition gives all the DLC for a much higher upfront cost, but that otherwise they were the same. I was wrong.There are numerous other benefits of an ESO+ subscription which makes the higher upfront cost for the Gold Edition seem like a dirty trick, since any person who enjoys the game will feel compelled to get a subscription anyway. Giving the company money monthly gets you a special crafting materials storage, faster progression of skills and traits, and daily login rewards. All of this is fine, except that the full game has a very high upfront cost in addition to expecting a monthly fee.Is it worth it? Perhaps. But not for me right now. I wanted access to it all by paying the higher cost for the Gold Edition, and to have the freedom to play a bit here and there without being handicapped and without a subscription going to waste in my downtime."
,Recommended,306130,29462255,Posted: 24 January,all,Sgt windowsdude,-roleplay-bosses-world boss-dungens-die 0_0-make fraindsAll you need is frainds!
76561198197296399,Not Recommended,306130,33228707,Posted: 4 July,all,hmarinagh,"What the F???? I bought this bloody morrowind fro £70, now I have to pay buy bloody crowns to get to the thieves guild. This is a really boring game without all the perks, not enough objects to interact and you have to money money money from your real bank account to get something. People, who made this game, you suck!  I want my money back! This game is a million times worse than the original Morrowind, and even than Oblivion. I thought nothing can be more boring than Oblivion, I was wrong, this game is awful. I want my money back!!!!"
,Recommended,306130,34247586,Posted: 14 August,all,Elm,"This is a great MMO for anyone who never dove into one and looking for a simple one to start off with.And by simple I mean you only have to worry about 5 things in the hotbar at a time and not 10-20+ like other MMOs. Even though you can switch bars so you get a total of 10 (sorcs get an extra 5 because of an ultimate) minus the drink or food and ultimate.Also not a lot of junk on the screen unless you want it to have, and that's where Addons come in. These addons (mods) are so useful, and some work on the screen and off the screen. I've spent so much time just customizing the game to the way I want it to be, it is not tedius and still ongoing.The combat is simple too, and it feels so damn good especially when you animation cancel.The endgame gear are not as complicated to get as other MMOs, which is another reason why it is good for those new to MMOs, or at least not that many hoops to go through.The story content I admit puts me to sleep sometimes, but if you like Elder Scrolls Lore then it's good. At least the voice acting is great and it is not just reading things.Emotes! The best emotes in any game period. This is almost the top reason why I still love to play it. Also, they have ""Personalities"", so you can be a drunk, a tease, a tough guy, emo, a sneak, or a clown.The music is fantastic, just go to a Dolmen, and tell me that doesn't get you hyped, especially hearing Molag bal spectating over it.I can continue writing more but this should be enough to convince you to buy it."
76561198260093667,Recommended,306130,34162972,Posted: 11 August,all,dasjuicy,great game might take over wow we will see
76561198162028846,Recommended,306130,34871785,Posted: 10 September,all,WindofFury,good
76561198142052789,Recommended,306130,17288619,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Ameno[PriestHaveM3rcy],This game....Best mmo lol.
76561198068607824,Not Recommended,306130,17293749,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,weelad,"i wanted to try this before i could return it so im gonna tell you how it went 'download takes ages , dont leave the game updating because it will count as minutes of those 2 hours you got before you can return itafter making an account , you can log into the website but you cant log into the gameof those 2 hours i got , 80 minutes went into the updating lancher , and 10 on many trials on trying to log on"
76561198059522212,Recommended,306130,17311077,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,rollypollypug,its good
,Recommended,306130,17340348,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Lanik,Buying a horse on one character makes you able to use that horse freely between all your characters.10/10
76561198081359762,Recommended,306130,17558924,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,locnesse,<3
76561198011857018,Recommended,306130,17821227,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,[Ai] Panana,The fun goes when your higher lvl.
76561198136914269,Recommended,306130,17842070,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,MD,perfect
76561198131708876,Recommended,306130,17846375,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,MICHAEL STARR,"Do not buy this game thinking you will play it alone, you need someone who is willing to start at the begining with you. Playing with a friend is a 100 times better than doing everything by yourself."
,Not Recommended,306130,18666955,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Deppy,"I really, REALLY wanted this game to be good.The only way to level up is questing (which takes unbelievably long), you can't play with your friends unless they are part of the same race basically, and you can only have about 5 skills at a time.Long story short: This game was a dissapointment"
76561198063667359,Recommended,306130,17291243,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Jman,I absolutely love this game.
,Recommended,306130,17377753,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Asmo,"Great game, the gameplay is solid and you can effectively choose to play in first or third person. Story is riveting and more than enough to please a longtime Elder Scrolls fan with high standards.  Music is excellent and transitions from peaceful exploration to heroic combat smoothly. Purchased game after hearing multiple times that early issues were fixed and have since been more than pleased with the game."
76561198149346965,Recommended,306130,17486300,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,NoobATM,Hell of a fun game.
,Recommended,306130,17584907,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,justinrwright,"Overall a good game so far, somewhat buggy at times but it has a decent community who are willing to help new players.Also ironically I found the bug report window was bugged."
,Recommended,306130,17655590,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Kitsune-san.,I think the combat can be better in this game... the melee range is rediculous for the mobs and really disadvantages light weight classes such like my archerGraphics are awesome though !6/10
76561197984253474,Recommended,306130,17716181,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,[-Schmoo-] - Kaimetsuryuu,"I love the the elder scrolls' universe, but I hate the multiplayer in Cyrodiil, please !!!!!! make a standard version of Cyrodiil where you can find the cities that we know !!!!!!! Tired of multiplayer, unplayable, I want to visit the imperial city and doing standard quests inside, not fighting other players !!!"
,Recommended,306130,17755290,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ugc cardboard lft spectator main,rip grades
,Recommended,306130,17822258,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Not King of Casual,"I Really enjoy this game! Sure, it has its flaws (such as it randomly logs me out when I'm in the middle of playing from time to time, and the somewhat buggy group system) but all in all, I really enjoy it. I really like the experience of being able to  play the elder scrolls with friends, and I LOVE being able to travel across most of tamriel.I really like the PvP, although I would like it even more if they would put a better ranking system in the PvP, where it puts you up against people your level. It also takes a long time to find any action in the PvP, unless your playing with a HUGE group of friends, because you can't fast travel to a keep that's under attack, so you have to run to the keep nearest to you, and travel to the keep nearest to the keep thats under attack, so by the time you get there, the battles mostly over. But when you do find a group, and go for a good, long run, it is REALLY fun and addicting.The quests are kind of repetitive, but there are LOTS of other things to do, like going dungeon crawling with your friends.I also really like the feature of being able to create a guild and build up members, until you have a HUGE community of people in the guild.I really recommend this game to anyone who likes MMOs and/ or The Elder Scrolls!"
,Recommended,306130,17884119,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mazakalı Türk ☾☆,"yep totally worth the money is has about 2301203912909x more gameplay time than guildwars 2. I love this, since recently i can play it on steam aswell. nice quests..DONT FORGET to use addons.. ADDONS are nessesary to enjoy this game to the max. \"
,Recommended,306130,17946081,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,slow creature,"I played it in beta and it sucked. After the Tamriel Unlimited update, this game is simply, how do I put it...Fantastic."
,Recommended,306130,18807177,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,dumpster baby,"wont even ♥♥♥♥ing load up anymore after the first 30 mins of gameplay.Otherwise it was a fantastic game altogether, although it still was alot like other MMO's with spamming the chat with sell-able items. Well, not spam but you get the jist. Combat was pretty well-rounded, expect for bows. Which dont even work like bows. Otherwise, pretty solid combat. Its the Elder Scrolls, so i expected some amount of story. And the missions feel like bland chores, which give you absoulute dogshit in return, so like an MMO's missions. So in general, its a pretty good game.IF IT WOULD ♥♥♥♥ING WORK. JESUS CHRIST IN A HANDBASKET."
76561198073607481,Recommended,306130,19796985,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ChaosCody,"The lusty argonian maidLifts-Her-TailCertainly not, kind sir! I am here but to clean your chambers.Crantius ColtoIs that all you have come here for, little one? My chambers?Lifts-Her-TailI have no idea what it is you imply, master. I am but a poor Argonian maid.Crantius ColtoSo you are, my dumpling. And a good one at that. Such strong legs and shapely tail.Lifts-Her-TailYou embarrass me, sir!Crantius ColtoFear not. You are safe here with me.Lifts-Her-TailI must finish my cleaning, sir. The mistress will have my head if I do not!Crantius ColtoCleaning, eh? I have something for you. Here, polish my spear.Lifts-Her-TailBut it is huge! It could take me all night!Crantius ColtoPlenty of time, my sweet. Plenty of time.END OF ACT IV, SCENE III[1:29:09 AM] Joel Malone: ACT VII, SCENE II, CONTINUEDLifts-Her-TailMy goodness, that's quite a loaf! But how ever shall it fit my oven?Crantius ColtoThis loaf isn't ready for baking, my sweet. It has yet to rise.Lifts-Her-TailIf only we could hurry that along. How would I accomplish such a task?Crantius ColtoOh, my foolish little Argonian maid, you must use your hands.Lifts-Her-TailYou wish me to kneed the loaf? Here?Crantius ColtoOf course.Lifts-Her-TailBut what if the mistress catches me? Your loaf was meant to satisfy her appetite.Crantius ColtoDon't fret, my delicate flower. I'll satisfy the mistress's cravings later.Lifts-Her-TailVery well, but I'm afraid my oven isn't hot enough. It could take hours!Crantius ColtoPlenty of time, my sweet. Plenty of time.END OF ACT VII, SCENE IIthats the lusty argonian maid"
,Recommended,306130,29066971,Posted: 6 January,all,☻╬♦Wojtak♦╬☻,So i am going to be flat out honest.the start was great then it was very confusing and not a great timeup until i found my character skills and starting finding new areas.that is where i found my love for this game. please do not give the game a verdict until you reach a decent level. there is far more to the game once you give it a few hours gameplay.PROS1 very fun once you get to around level 6 to 102 very lore friendly and focuses heavily on the dominion.3 many improvements have been made and has a very active studio with new seasonal updates and more.4 no monthly subscription fee!5 active player base6 fun faction wars7 maintains stealth whilst being an mmo8 many different player stylesCONS1 very confusing and albeit a bit boring up until you learn more and purchase skills.2 story is not nearly as good as previous scrolls games3 feels a bit restraining at low level4 crown store feels like a cash grab with DLC that should have been added for free.VERDICTit is an mmo made by zenimax and gameplay does not feel anything the same as scrollshowever if you are looking for an mmo to dive into with no subscription fees i would highly recommend trying this outin my opinion beautiful graphics and art styleyou do not need friends but it will be a helping more fun especially at low level.
76561198029619150,Recommended,306130,17400839,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,tat7,"I played the beta and after finding out the price I was totally not interested. Since they got rid of the subscription fees and the game went on sale, I was willing to give it a try. The stories all seem a bit richer, with a lot of the dynamics reworked to improve gameplay. I havn't encountered any bugs- I've only been stuck twice while doing some serious off-the-beaten-path exploring. Other MMO games seem to focus so much on leveling, like I am chasing it, with story second to gear and loot. Here, the gear and loot isn't ""epic"" which does a great job of letting the rich story come through and emerse you in these beautiful reals with great detail. The connections are smooth, rarely have I seen lag, and the few times I did it recovered quickly. As MMOs go, I'd totally recommend this! I even decided to actually pay for a month-to-month subsription... the crown store doesn't offer that much yet but they have been slowly adding more and more. Ijust appreciate how their work doesn't seem to be a money grab with free-to-play MMOs, but the essentials are available for those who want it."
76561198071898307,Recommended,306130,17512320,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Crusaderjak,"Amazing game! Steam didnt count my time but i had so much time into the game, i did refund it and plan on buying at a later date just because Id like to have some cash incase any ""hidden gems"" come out, but i recommend it to any elder scrolls fan, and mmo fanatic, luckly for me i am both :D. Im not going to waste your time saying millions of pros and cons but here are a few:+ ""active"" combat (not spamming millions of skills, yes you use some but it is about blocking and timing it right)+ Its actually very fun to explore, once i was just wandering through they desert and just came across and random body chained too the ground, i didnt find any loot or anything but it is just fun to explore and find cool stuff!+Its a ton of fun to find random people and just quest with them!Cons:- (This will sound strange but you have to think about it) If you and some random guy (He isnt in your group) both attack the same monster, whoever gets the kill, gets the XP. If anything i would prefer, both people get XP, and whoever did the most damage got the most xp.- This is mostly personal, but i hate people who guard certain points that would allow enjoyment to you, IG - i want to become a werewolf, people kill the certain werewolfs that ""infect you"" (turn you into a werewolf), that only spawn once a week, same deal with vampiers, then they charge money so they can infect you.-Grinding takes forever, so you do quests, i Enjoy questing, but sometimes i just want to idley chat with friends while i hunt down oversized rats.-----------------------There is much more i could explan but the pros heavily takeover the cons, and i recommend it to anybody who wants to waste their life having fun like me :D"
76561198171583075,Recommended,306130,17597983,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Nicolas,"If you are a MMORPG fan, this is the best option in my opinion. Because it has every single detail that you possibly look in a RPG game.You won't regret unless your system supports the game. And if you have a great system by luck, you can say goodbye to social life.And there is even a better option here; if you bought this game from the sale like me, you are one lucky gamer."
76561198186191535,Recommended,306130,17696063,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,grardo018,"The game is immersive and fun like the original elder scrolls series but it has a different feel to it, since instead of being a singleplayer game and having the whole world to yourself you share the adventure and fun with thousands of other players.  Now although the game has this new ability to explore with your friends, there are problems to taking world quests in a group due to the painstaking fact that that you have to wait for your friends to complete parts of said quests seperately this does heavily effect the game for me and i do feel like it could be easily solved with the same mechanics used in dungeons. Other than that the game is amazing and has come a long way since it's release so if you're looking for a great mmo/rpg this i strongly recommend"
,Recommended,306130,17707773,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Dani,"It may show, for some reason, that I have played for two hours, and that is NOT the case.When I bought the game, I knew that I would like it, but the more hours I spent roaming the land of High Rock, the more I learned to love the game. ESO follows the story and lore that we all love from the Elder Scroll franchise. And compared, to Skyrim, I have to say that ESO is so much better. EVERY side quests (not even relatable to the main story) is voice acted. every.quest. ESO brings out many flavors into the world of Tamriel. Combat is very entertaining, and allows the player to fully costumize their class.Do you want to DPS: you can do that.Do you want to Tank: you can do thatDo you want to create a mix of both: you can do that.You want to play a sorcerer class but don't want the squishiness that comes with it? you can do that.You can steal from other's people houses, lockpick chests around the world or inside the houses.You can accidentally kill an npc by accident or on purpose, you can do that (just make sure you can ACTUALLY run away) or you gonna end up just like me.First time I got rekt my a guard, I tried to swing my sword in town, thus killing an innocent bystander.  You can turn the option off or on, is up to you. There is so much to this mmo, and I can honestly say that is the most immersive mmo I have ever tried.10/10"
76561198165453566,Recommended,306130,17746337,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Bolshoi Hoi,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING
,Recommended,306130,17839266,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Bandit,"Lots of things to say about this game good and badFirst im a huge fan of the series on top of this game in general, i really enjoy most of what it brings to the table.First with the buy once idea. originally worried about pay2win, not at all 90% of it is cosmetic stuff. As well as their equivelent to R-A-F in WoW, which are pledges of Mara which is awesome but not perfect (ill get into my issues with this later though).factions in this are big, just like in WoW. They represent the story of the time and division among the races and lust for power. the overall story of the two factions i have played are good however, AD was a bit dull for a while however it was also very full of lore.Soloing- Great, tons of fun if you get into the ES series a lot, while it is a bit more on train tracks as far as when you go where, you can still spend quite a few hours exploring zones. i spent almost a day and a half in Auridon just exploring. however, some of the enemies in the first few areas are a little too weak, which can make the first few hours annoying.Duo-ing- Ring of mara with a friend! Xp bonuses together and all that good stuff. as well as the ability to grind dungeon trash and grind in the zones. HOWEVER, this is one of my main issues with the game and is a warning to new players. I DO NOT reccomend questing with a friend if you are a ONE character person, if you dont mind making a second go for it, because in a duo you will not really do too much story and as i said with the starter zones being too easy, this has made literally EVERYTHING ive fought while questing easy, with the exception to world bosses.Group Content-All i can speak for so far, are dungeons in the PvE perspective, and while i havent done the hard modes of them yet (Veteran dungeons) I can say that these were what made me finally get REALLY into this game as an MMO, instead of other MMOs where the tank has 10000000 people hitting him and no one else is getting hit except for an occasional shot here and there, this feels like a realistic swordfight (minus magic lol), the tanks only hold the strongest few enemies (otherwise you drop) and everyone else is kind of in a big chaotic fight, it really brings a great enviornment to the group content, it adds so much depth and makes you feel like youre in more of a battle with avoiding aoe and killing the guy thats hitting you then helping others. it brings a depth to combat that most other MMOs only have in late game raiding with one or two adds hitting you. If you do get this game and you arent sure about it just yet, at least get to a point to try Dungeons.PVP- This is where i start to fall off, i dont know as much about this as it is extremely complex with what can be done. However destroying the walls and storming a keep with groups of people is a ton of fun, defending your keep under a giant attack is great and even when youre not in combat but running with a massive group of people as you take an elder scroll to your temple or another keep of yours that is further inside your territory is a ton of fun. On top of this the PvP is very balanced so far for what ive seen, its rarely one side domination (it does happen every once in a while) and so far in the non veteran campaign ive seen all 3 factions hold a majority of the territory at least once.All this plus a play your way style of game makes for a fun time given you get past the first few hours that are pretty slow and kinda boring, on top of mount leveling, crafting and tons of unique quests. this game really does bring a lot to the table, especially now that the devs have put so much time and effort into it.Oh and a fun bonus, if you sub (which you dont have to) you get a 10% xp boost, all DLC, and almost your entire moneys worth of the in game paid currency (crowns). Keep killing it devs !"
,Recommended,306130,17865767,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,[Travis],"Ignore the hours. Steam doesn't always register that I'm playing it. First off, I'll start by saying disregard any reviews pre Tamriel Unlimited. The game has been greatly fixed and improved since launch. I came into the game expecting an elder scrolls game but online with other people, and I was not dissapointed. The combat feels good and impactful. The movement is fun and fluid. Quests seem to vary so far in the game. The whole idea of there being 3 factions is really quite interesting and I feel it adds to the gameplay. Graphics wise this is the most aesthetically impressive MMO I have played. If you've been thinking about picking it up but were not sure due to the negative reviews at launch, pick it up. They've fixed most things (that I know of. I played the beta and watched a variety of reviews)."
,Recommended,306130,17872085,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Autismo The Autistic Wizard,:)
,Recommended,306130,17873575,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Got.One,A beutiful game but still needs to fix some bugs.
,Recommended,306130,17887032,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,DatSlySpy,"Took awhile to download, runs good.  Spent 1 hour and 43 min making my charcter. Still fun."
,Recommended,306130,17895740,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Skycan,"Great graphicsa and voice covers, but boring quests."
76561198128812774,Recommended,306130,17935841,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Zepritch,"10/10.Gameplay is great, and the world is fun to explore. This is a great step up from RuneScape!!The game is large. Prepare your♥♥♥♥♥♥for a download from hell (the download costed me 7 hours of down time)."
,Recommended,306130,17943137,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Cosmic,"Probably my first and last MMORPG game. I don't really enjoy MMORPG's much, but this is a really decent game."
76561198083091025,Recommended,306130,18724960,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,i.d0ni,no MMO is like ESO great game nothing offers you ingame that will make you better then other players its all about skill and being the best at your class
,Recommended,306130,20140886,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Starco,Intense downloading session for 20 hours10/10 would download again
,Recommended,306130,29010941,Posted: 4 January,all,ϟ☠ϟ,"First of all, this is great value. The endgame for this MMO is bigger and longer lasting than any other MMO i've played through. Perfect for people that know what they're doing in an MMORPG and for TES fan of course. for begginers it could be a little weird becuase if said person has played anything else this is probably pretty different, but its totaly worth the experence. TES stardard for the story (10/10). and the gear balancing/classes are so unique but could mabey include more abilities (maybe more teirs of morphs) 9/10. Only needs better pvp campaine population balancing (not sure how that could happen anyway but whatever). HOPE THIS HELPS"
,Recommended,306130,29065435,Posted: 6 January,all,TeeTwo,"[Before buying the game]Its on sale, i've wanted to try it for a while. Guess i'll buy it.[After 1 hour gameplay]Well, there goes my social life.Short verison: Game is ****ing great. Don't expect ""Skyrim: Online"" though, it is not. It might remind of Skyrim, sure, but this is more than that.Oh, and thought i lied with the ""after 1 hour gameplay"" part? I got 500+ hours in it already."
,Recommended,306130,29109781,Posted: 7 January,all,✠K∆iϟer Koϟ∆ko✠,"For short:This game at launch was very bad, the guild system , friend multiplayer, and Co-op in general were very broken and pointless (you could not repeat missions to help friends keep up to you)Watch the Angry Joe review to see how it was back in the day.But now Zenimax has come to their senses for the most part...Most of these bugs and annoying things were fixed up by them with the One Tamriel update.The gameplay is what you would expect of a MMORPG, World of Warcraftish (if thats a thing)First person is really bad , and it only makes it harder to play...So its just there for immersion, don't think its super cool to do all the fighting in FP. Trust me, its annoyingly hard.The Story is quite debatable, These alliances dont make much sense, especially the Ebonheart Pact...But yet, there is much to discover, many notes and books to read (if you are a more lore nerd like i was). The main plot is awesome tho, Molag Bal (my favorite prince) ♥♥♥♥ing invading Nirn? thats super ♥♥♥♥ing cool.I used to do A LOT, and by a lot i mean, (i only played like a normal player. 12-18 hours) of RP.When i finally got someone to bite me as a Vampire, (wich is very expensive in game, but a generous soul bit me for 5k gold and some dwemer equip i forged.) i tried joining a Clan named Shar'Matar, if anyone knows where they are today please contact me, their last activity was 2 years ago.The graphics are also what you would expect of a MMORPG, not good, but enough to satisfy.The Crown system is rather a obvious abuse of prices, so dont rely on them, i suggest you buy a horse, an armor pack/clothing pack and a companion for a bit of style. then forget that it exists, or you'll have the CSGO Skin Insanity for Crowns.That was the short of it, im kinda tired, but i decided to write this review just because i finished my new rp char, and i dont have anything to do.If i were to give a detailed review, it would take days"
,Recommended,306130,29127389,Posted: 8 January,all,daVis^,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,306130,17712386,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Samidin,I like it very much!!! good game
,Recommended,306130,17883166,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,FUNindaSUN,"A very fun and typical MMORPG experience,  this game really does remind me of GW2 in alot of ways but its also very unique, I also enjoy the somewhat Skyrim feel of this game and its equipment system and skill system, The skill system actually is one of the best and most straight forward ive seen in a mmo compared to other mmos out there such as WOW, GW2 and modern day runescape, The online store and content however feels lacking which is good because i hate mmos with such cool items you can pay IRL money to get, rather than earn in game.The QUESTING IS REPETITIVE ! I honestly got sick of playing this game after a few weeks because the quest system is just stupid and gets really boring and annoying fast, questing also happens to be one of the major things of this game, you litarelly need to quest your♥♥♥♥♥off or do dungeons to lvl up you're toon and get better equipment, the games got very unique and fun features however such as being able to become a WEREWOLF OR VAMPIRE,I chose to be a werewolf and here comes another thing i actually love about this game, ITS COMMUNITY ISNT FULL OF♥♥♥♥♥♥HEAD ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ COCKY♥♥♥♥♥PLAYERS WHO SCAM AND INSULT YOU FOR NOTHING ECT. I LOVE THIS BECAUSE OTHER MMOS SUCH AS RUNESCAPE AND GW2 I PLAY ACTUALLY HAVE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ COMMUNITIES WITH ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PEOPLE AND I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE MOST OTHER PLAYERS WHO PLAY THOSE GAMES CAUSE THEY ARE USUALLY ♥♥♥♥ HEADS . iL TELL YOU A FEW REASONS WHY! 1ST. i must say the process was insane for me to become a ww, i had to pay a stranger 4k in game for him to bite me and make me become one however i was scared to do so thinking he may just scam me, take my money and ♥♥♥♥ off on me, HOWEVER this lad was actually ♥♥♥♥ing legit and straight up, not only did this guy actually give me the bite, he actually helped me and explained to me what to do to become a werewolf and become a stronger werewolf, i mean ♥♥♥♥ THIS GUYS RUNNING A SERVICE IN GAME MAKING MONEY OFF ME, BUT NOT JUST THAT HE WAS ACTUALLY NICE AND TRYING TO HELP ME. same with some guilds i joined in - game, i talked too tons of nice players who were all friendly as all hell and helpfulI honestly havent seen an mmo with this good of a community since I played WOW back in 2006 loldont get me wrong there are tons of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥still in game, but not nearly as many as most other mmos, if you play other mmos like me you know what im saying.Overall, I give this game a 5/10 because it was a let down for me, i bought this game thinking id get hooked and play non stop and get to max lvl and get OP equipment like i did with Guild Wars 2 when that came out but this game just felt too repetitive and felt like overall a complete rip off for the most part of most other mmos out there, this one does have alot of unique and good factors, but nothing that special, im really happy i  bought the game now because its free to play and i honestly feel bad for anyone who paid monthly fees to play this back when it came out AND people who still pay it for the bonus xp boost, LOL This game i hyped up a bit too much and its honestly something i will go back and play again in the future, I really wanna get my dark elf atleast to lvl 50 as hes like 25 right now... but this game is a game i just cant commit too like i did with other mmos, it just doesnt suck me in rightoverall, if you wanna play a good mmo get this game, but dont over hype it or expect it to be groundbreaking, its far from it and honestly I still prefer Guildwars 2 over this game! which says alot considering i did put quite a bit of time into this game trying to love it however its just not the same"
,Recommended,306130,17938505,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,EmiAllison,Great!
76561197983084301,Recommended,306130,17962434,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,DonConquistador,I highly recommend you try this game out.  It has a good combination of the Elder Scrolls series and MMOs (World of Warcraft/Guild Wars).  When the game first came out I hated the game do to some of the mechanics and the game was missing important features.  I tryed it again once 6 major updates were released and this game has transformed into what this game should have been at release and more.I plan on playing this game till my eye sockets dry out.  the best part is there is no monthly subscription once you buy the game.
76561198210622527,Recommended,306130,29049656,Posted: 5 January,all,BanerBangBang,i like it
,Recommended,306130,29151287,Posted: 9 January,all,Detherion,"This is the best MMORPG I've ever played. I do not understand the hate that this game received. The quests are immersive and engaging - telling a story. The class choice is completely free and allows for a ton of variety. The world is absolutely beautiful - a bard singing songs in a tavern was one of my dreams for MMORPG's and it's finally come true. Daggerfull looks stunning. PvE combat does not seem as engaging as in WoW, but for now I'll take that as a tradeoff for RPG immersion. There could also be more reasons for player interaction - as of this moment this is indeed mostly a Single Player game. Maybe they manage to make interacting in guilds and groups more vital. Nevertheless i enjoy letting the hours fly by in this amazing, huge and enchanting world."
,Not Recommended,306130,31496012,Posted: 1 May,all,Cult of Miku,Long story short; the game just feels like a freemium game. It seems that 90% of the map is blocked by pay walls. It completely takes the immersion away for me. Doesn't feel like an Elder Scrolls game. Graphics are nice and the voice acting is great though. So there's that. I got this game on sale for $10 so im not mad about the purchase. I can't recommend this game to anyone.
76561198128243476,Recommended,306130,17640337,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,sidegoodgamer [AAAAH Banana],very fun game mostly if u play with friends :D
76561197967004626,Recommended,306130,17841604,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Motegi,Absolutely satisfying to play a skill based game rather than an auto-target auto-attack add-on engulfed game that you basically wind up two button pressing because it's become too easily and modifications play the game for you. This is the MMO to play if you can't follow A Realm Rebourn beauty or SWtOR Lore. Give it a fair shot and enjoy the process!
,Recommended,306130,17909852,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,nan,Nice game ever best of mmo
,Recommended,306130,29066443,Posted: 6 January,all,HanzoMain123,"Right before i bought this game, i asked my friends, should i buy this game? Is it worth that money? What their answers is , ""No, don't waste your money on this crap, its like a downgraded of skyrim, plus you will not play this any longer if nobody else want to play this game But still, i decided to take a shot this it because what i found on the reviews are totally opposite of my friend's opinion. In the end, no regret, this game filled with tons of content, stories, or even the graphics are pretty solid for a MMORPG.The maps in different locations are huge, this result you need to take pretty long time in exploring new locations in the huge given map, this bring me the feel of nostalgic when i first got into skyrim, the world is huge, you will think there are infinite number of location you can explore. Besides discovering new locations , there is always a main or side quest bind to that location, which means you will actually discover the stories behind all these locations.For the controls, it is pretty much same with other elder scrolls title, but what different is the can swap between weapons in order to access mew spell bar, this allow player to plan more dynamically to the placement of weapons and spells before they go on to thr fight.  What bear me in mind is the control in first person mode is somehow feel buggy and glitched although it actually no problem at all, maybe this is because the controls are meant to optimize better in third person mode, i don't know.For the graphic, when i enroll some of the bad review of other websites, most of the people had a problem with the graphics, they mentioned that the graphics aren't the same or better than skyrim. For me, i think the graphics are pretty solid for an mmo like this, more like surprised that they can still managed to capture the beauty of the world of Elder Scrolls. In order to fill a massive of players inside in a single location, most of the mmo will minimize the resources will be used in order to free up more space for the hard drive to let player run smoothly at the location, which is why most of the mmo doesn't have the so called triple A graphic level.Overall, i been playing this game like 20 hour, im still in the very early stage of the game, not because im being slow, but i been discovering every single story in this game, it's never going to be end."
,Recommended,306130,29082574,Posted: 7 January,all,Intel HD Graphics,"as a new player, playing with another mate, I can say its a very fun mmo. I feel bad for people who played from launch day onwards, I hear it used to be worse."
76561198090250539,Recommended,306130,34865661,Posted: 10 September,all,Kawaii Potato,This is fine.
,Recommended,306130,29411050,Posted: 21 January,all,Leo,Yes
76561198081019362,Recommended,306130,29137420,Posted: 9 January,all,nw mix2160,this game has improved dramatically since its relase in 2014. well worth the price.
76561198085726117,Not Recommended,306130,15317519,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,bugs1025,"Its not Skyrim. Thats all I heard. Bad review after bad review. Now a year in and this game is awesome. This is an MMO. But unlike the other MMOs it feels like a single player game. The combat is far better then anyother MMO. The voice acting is great and rare in an MMO. Simply put this is the most high end MMO out there. The production values out shine Guild Wars 2 by a mile,(though thats apples to oranges and I love both games) and there seems to be a lot to do.There are many flaws. Like optimization is lacking. I really don't know how bad this is going to look on the Xbox 1 but it will be lacking. The frame rate will jump around in certain areas for no reason,(I go from 60 to 38/40 as an all time low, and I decided to cap it at 48 for a more constant frame rate) and the UI is lacking as well. Add ons help but no turning off the cross hairs? Really? Get an Addon that changes it  and or disables it. The ambiant occlusion is cut rate and is best turned off.(As it is not true to reality. Shadow haze on everything. It just makes the world darker for no reason with and takes some FPS with it. Its what you would find in a ENB for Fallout) Still it looks great overall and the lighting is bar none the best in any MMO. The gameplay is the best of any MMO. The story is fully voice acted and stronge. On top of that it has good music and the game has a sense of humor. I do get annoyed that the draw distances is so short no matter what and the atmospheric perspective is so forced. Still most games do that to make the world seem bigger.There should be no negitive reviews. Its an MMO and will take time to hit its stride. Look at LOTRO! MMOs evolve and try to get better. ESO did that and is doing that. They are trying something different and getting it right. in a market of WOW clones. If you like MMOs check it out, if you like Elder Scroll check it out, and I recomend you spend more and get the Imperial Edition.Update: There are way to many updates. Really this is rediculous. If you don't log in for a week get ready for updates that take forever. I have never had an update take as long as this. I have a great connection and end up waiting for updates for hours!!! There is serious issues on their end, because sometimes it will stop 75-80% in and guess what. You have to start all over again. Until they fix this horrible server I can not recommend a game I can't play.On top of this rather than expanding the game world they are going for greed again. Paid DLC to get into the Imperial City. This is awful and we are back to the money grubbing that nearly wrecked them day one. And here we are. Nothing learned. Guild Wars 2 expanded the world free to a point and so did LOTRO. Not ESO... They gave up on a full and open Cyrodil. Now it will be pay as you go. For an $80 game this is rediculous. Terrible end game does not help it at all. At this point this is a lost cause. All the strides they hit in production values are lost by a cheap paid DLC. This is no expansion, this is what you paid for when you give them 60-80 dollars. A complete game that gets finished in some way. Save your money for Fallout 4/Witcher 3 or spend your money on WOW/LOTRO/Guild Wars2. You will spend less and have a better time"
,Recommended,306130,17317179,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Mythanthar,"its worth to buy. if you like ESO collection or just skyrim. that'll be enough. you can steal,escape from guards biggest pro is u can play mmo in First Person Shooter. totally worth"
76561198188426725,Recommended,306130,17338929,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Neverlucky,Awsome game
,Recommended,306130,17362364,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,yoajdin,It's dank 10/10
,Recommended,306130,28324907,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Grrd,"This is a good game. I have been playing MMORPG's for more than a decade now. Different genres, different platforms.What I like about this game first and foremost is that I love ESO games in general. This one is very complex. It has very engaging storylines. It has a good and helpful community. The gameplay is amazing. It is generally very well-made. It is very well worth my money considering I got it for a discount.The game is easy to get into even for newbies. But if you want to dominate in PVP, you will need to do a lot of research because most players I encountered know very well about the game and its mechanics. Even now, I still have not decided what class suits me best because the builds can be very hybrid. I've tried dueling twice against players my level, and I was totally rekt. In one instance, I hardly even did any damage to an NB while playing a DK.There is so much more for me to learn and experience in the game and I look forward to it. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,306130,29933411,Posted: 14 February,all,George Foreman (btw im a grill),Like Far Cry 3 with swords- IGN
,Recommended,306130,31945889,Posted: 24 May,all,brendanblue222,"Great game if your an MMORPG lover like I am! The complex character trees and how vastly different two characters can be had me buy the game right off the bat!In a game that has 100% of its characters voice acted, there is a lot of depth if your a role play finatic and thats what ESO has accomplished. Not only did they make ""Skyrim Online"" (a dream of all Elder Scrolls players) a thing in ESO, they took it a step further and made it ""Tamriel Online."" For die-hard Elder Scrolls fans like myself, this game pushes the boundaries in the Elder Scrolls Lore throughout all the quests and finishes you off with a delightful, fun, profitable dungeon. The immersive dungeons that the base game (No DLC) has to offer are amazing and plenty of loot that will make you stand out from any other character at any major city. With player housing, endless shops and chatacter customizablility and new DLC frequently, this is the game that will have any die-hard MMORPG gamer levitating to their computer after work/school itching to complete one more quest or finish one more dungeon with the most supportive player community you will ever find."
76561197970500688,Recommended,306130,32142180,Posted: 2 June,all,BrickTop,Like Wow only better :)
,Recommended,306130,31867004,Posted: 20 May,all,R0lf_47,"Me likePros:- Skyrim with guns but without guns and without Skyrim except Windhelm and the Rift, they have those 2- Crafting(blacksmithing, clothing and woodworking at least) don't require you to make a lot of iron daggers to level up- A lot more pros I can't bother to mention because I want to get back into playing some more ESOCons:- Negative reviews saying it's too hard and slow paced(that's the only con I have for this game),All I can say is git gud my friend and learn to do combos so it's not that slow paced(using skills in some sort of order to do more damage, let's say you lower their armor first if you're a nightblade and then attack with the best moves you got, most of the negative reviews are also back from the dark days where it had the♥♥♥♥♥♥monthly payment like in WoW, unlike Blizzard, Zenimax fixed their issues which made this game ♥♥♥♥♥♥, pay once and enjoy, more zones to explore and whatever else was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ back when I didn't know much about the game but now it's great, if you think you will experience Skyrim here, you won't, some parts yes but it's a mmo and it can't be like Skyrim, it would be ♥♥♥♥♥♥ imo(except the fact that you can get your enemies naked after you kill them)Solid 5/7jk it's a 10/10 for me"
,Recommended,306130,32305790,Posted: 9 June,all,Dynelight,"I got this game when it was on sale for $10. I don't know if that changes how I percieve this game, but I feel like this game was worth every penny. I've put about 85 hours in and still havent made it to the late game."
76561198148754321,Recommended,306130,35142733,Posted: 22 September,all,WH€ATLỄY™,This is good game people say bad game sometimes maybe 200 million years ago but what people don't know is actually REALLY GOOD GAME BUY!! LOTS FUN MUST HAVE! FUN FACT ABOUT THIS GAME YOUR PROBABLY DIDN'T KNOW IS VERY GOOD GAME!also something very important is that when installing the game something that helps is this if you have any luancher errorshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YByypteszsAAnother thing is that if you dont see the file withthe I in front (from the video) what you need to do is run the luancher as far as you can the luancher creates the file so keep it open. I had some trouble installing and this fixed it for me.
,Recommended,306130,35098463,Posted: 20 September,all,Whitelegs,meh
76561198282091613,Recommended,306130,33758597,Posted: 23 July,all,adarsh.chavakula,"An amazing game but gets frustrating at times.Pros:1. Brilliant storyline - main story, thieves guild, mages guild, fighters guild and dark brotherhood.2. Scope for building highly customizable builds3. Highly immersive experience and visuals4. Fun PvE and PvP content for groups.Cons:1. PvP rush hour lag - this makes you want to rip your hair off at times. This is 10x more painful if you don't live close to the megaservers (I live in Asia and both EU and NA servers are far. EU was marginally better)2. Repetitive side missions - activate 10 portals, fetch 6 items, kill 5 people blah blah. After a point you stop reading what the missions briefings and just follow the map markers.3. The in-game store (crown store) is mostly just trash.If you're purchasing this game because of the previous elder scrolls games - don't. Apart from the main story, nothing else resembles anything close to Skyrim. The main story is a very very small fraction of the game. It is ultimately just an MMORPG with an elder scrolls theme."
76561198086439280,Recommended,306130,26373449,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Jasper Reikevik,WHY YOU ARE LOOKING AT THIS REWIEV BUY IT!!!!!
,Recommended,306130,35203492,Posted: 25 September,all,Savva.Kazachenko,"nice game<, morrowind really makes me cry once more :D"
76561198241463660,Recommended,306130,35193502,Posted: 24 September,all,Onykx,10/10 would game again
,Recommended,306130,34016323,Posted: 4 August,all,Kojin~,"Let's start with the basics, I'll do my best to block out any spoilers.Races, and Classes:Races:In Elder Scrolls Online races are a little different if you came from playing Skyrim like I did. By choosing a race you are bound to specific group. If you feel like playing a Altmer, Bosmer, or Khajit you'd be bound to the Aldmeri Dominion.If you feel like playing a Redguard, Orc, or a Breton, Daggerfall Covenant (AKA the Best), Or if your an Argonian, Nord, Dunmer kind of guy, then you'd be with the Ebonheart Pact. There's also the Imperial race, which is neutral meaning you can play for any group. Whoever you decide to play as will depend on race keep that in mind, since certain races have passives and buffs.Classes:As of right now there are 5 Classes in Elder Scrolls Online,Nightblades, Templars, Sorcerers, Dragonknights, and Wardens.Nightblades are those sneaky assassins, that deal massive damage in the front lines, although sacrificing tankiness for mobility and damage, they have a good bit of sustain from lifesteal abilities.Next up are Templars. Templars are tanky front line damage dealers / supports. Templars have a good sustain from their ""Morphed Abilities.""Their mobility isn't bad because of the constant dashing you can do on the battlefield. Their AOE (Area of Effect) Heal can be very useful in PvP or in dungeons to save your teammates and friends from dying.Next are Sorcerers. As of yet I've still to play as a Sorcerer, but I can certainly say from observing on the battlefield I can definitely say that I see them more of a backline massive damage dealer / support if you decide to do so. One of their later on abilities gives them massive mobility making them extremely hard to catch out in fights.Now we have Dragonknights. Probably my all time favorite. They are the epiphany of ""WHY DON'T YOU TAKE ANY DAMAGE."" Dragonknights as you could've probably tell from the previous statement are tanks. They have an ability that massively increases their Physical and Spell resistance.They also have another ability that you get later on that heals you for 30% of your health and increases your health recovery by 20%. They sacrifice mobility for health, resistances, and a good bit of damage.Wardens are adaptive supports apparently, I haven't played around with them so much but I hear they are supposed to be fun.Adventuring:In ESO there's so many things to do, Questing, Roleplaying (if you're into that), Dungeon Raiding, Exploring, PVP, and much more. Truth be told I could sit here all day and tell you what there is to do. But truth be told I don't have the entire day to do that. I just gave you a taste of what the game really has to offer. It's up to you to find out the rest.ADVENTURE AWAITS!"
,Recommended,306130,26718867,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Milky Tittys,"While I'm writing this review, I'm at 5 hours, and I already know I'm about to get addicted to this game and end up wasting 500-1000hours on it. Whatever, it'll be worth it, I hope.Get it while it's still $9.90 and just to let everyone know the game is extremely boring when you first start and don't know what to do and if you're alone when starting. I'd recommend grouping up with a friend or meeting someone else new in the game and grouping with them.I'd give it a 8/10 though"
,Recommended,306130,27761170,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JoshJPP,started off bad but has got better over time. still needs major improvements but overall not a bad mmo....if you want to get the most out of the game I would say do the monthy sub. they need to add a way to get crowns without it
,Recommended,306130,31120594,Posted: 13 April,all,AlonWave,Good game.
,Not Recommended,306130,31191852,Posted: 16 April,all,Draconis🐊,"Bought this game on steam for cheap and found out all the DLC was either in the gold edition or bought through in game currency. Game is fun but the equipment is very generic for itemization and based entirely around sets.Really upset about all these stuff in the game having a big YOU DONT OWN THIS DLC LOL over it. Will keep playing but not going to drop $30 bucks on all the old DLC in game or $40 for the new morrowind one, yuck!If you are going to get this, get the Gold edition when its on sale so you don't miss out on the stuff from it."
,Recommended,306130,31570470,Posted: 5 May,all,Zaayl,"Before I start, it should be mentioned I am writing this from the point of view of a massive TES fan, but also as someone who does NOT like MMO's.So right out the gate, ESO is a MMO with watered down mechanics from the TES series, underneath the option for first person (which actively makes the game more difficult, as you wont be able to see the adds swarming your ankles, or the AoE that about to explode directly under you.) the ""active"" combat (as opposed to the standard of 'click and forget' many other MMO's use) its still, a MMO. Most skills gain experience from kills and quests, as opposed to being actively used, ranged attacks dont require aiming beyond ""did you highlight the enemy? it will now fly towards them"" and like most MMO's, combat ultimately breaks down to min/maxing your skill rotation and stats to fill your role as efficiently as possible, I find it robotic and unengaging, its a pure numbers game. Of course, that /mostly/ just matters for the high level♥♥♥♥♥♥ but its still the end-goal of any character build.This game does have some appeal for me though, chiefly among them, exploring Tamriel. The map is pretty interesting in many of its designs, while I feel each individual area could do with more variety, and would get it if it were a mainline game, each individual area is different from the last just enough to keep things fresh from zone to zone. My only issues with the level design are the amount of pits the player cannot get out of (its very clear the map was pre-generated, and some spots lack polish quite badly) and spots where the geography has been drastically changed in ways that dont make sense for a 700-1000 year gap (windhelm sits way too low, and the front gates of Kvatch have no space in front of them for the run-up to the oblivion gate in TES IV.) These are mostly petty gripes of someone who is a huge nerd, but these areas are meant to make you have a feeling of familiarity or nostalgia, so being more accurate would be more appreciated.However I dont mind the changes to the architecture especially when it makes sense, giving cyrodilic towns like anvil a more italian/roman design makes sense, bethesda decided with Skyrim to double down on the Imperials = Romans theme, so it makes sense to update the look of things to match the evolution in the design choices.The quests in the world are decent, they are more involved than I expected, they are about on-par with many of the side quests found in other games, just a metric ♥♥♥♥ton more of them. Some are interesting, some are boring, but they arent pointless filler fluff like most MMO's where some old hag wants you to farm a enemy that spawns directly behind her house. I mean sometimes you do♥♥♥♥♥♥like that, but its presented in a better way.They also do a better job of hiding the MMO feel to quests, its not perfect, but stuff like quest NPC's being invisible so you dont see players taking the same guy prisoner over and over again goes a long way. As well as making many small quest areas with lots of NPC's and story to them (like walking into a tomb with 5 NPC's to confront some big bad guy) a solo encounter where you are the only player present. And some quests outright take place in large solo dungeons.Theres some decent lore here as well, I find the motivations of each faction interesting, the problems they have internally, the tension between the races. The three banners war feels more like a reality, not just ""oh its something happening over there that we just talk about""The main story is pretty...okay. It overstays its welcome a bit (the entire hollow city segment felt like it could have been omitted, and the story would have remained entirely coherent.) But Abnur Tharn's incredible levels of assholish sass got me through. Hes such a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I love it.Shame about how his great great grandson turns out.My only major complaint, is mannimarco is entirely under utilized, and the boss fight against him makes ZERO sense. It felt like they had to cut a entire level out of the game (possibly the original plan was to make the imperial city or just white gold tower be a story zone?) However I enjoyed him as a villian, and I felt this retro-actively helps TES IV with its lackluster build up to your confrontation with him, though the fact you hang out with Vanus Galerion, Mannimarco's ARCH ENEMY, and they are never involved in each other, is just a huge waste. He formed the mages guild to fight mannimarco, after all.The DLC areas also have a huge mark-up in quality, quests are far more fun, areas are much more detailed and fleshed out and very nice to look at and explore.Overall PvE combat is a mixed bag, if you arent kitted out as some form of DPS or DPS hybrid, it can be...slow. On the one hand, my tank-healer can solo public dungeon bosses meant for 2-4 people, on the other, it takes ten minutes to do it. Fights become sluggish. When I play my sneaky DPS, the game seems so much faster as I sneak past enemies, or gank them in relatively few hits, but then I have great difficulty with minibosses who can take 30%-60% of my life in a single hit. So its clearly designed for people who have friends to quest with, I dont, because my friends had the self control to not play this game.So now for the elephant in the room: micro transactions. How are they?Now, you buy DLC through this store, but thats obviously excusable, its DLC made after the game came out.Otherwise, its a big mix, you cant buy anything that majorly affects gameplay that you cant also just acquire in the game yourself. There are ways to become a werewolf or vampire without buying it. The bag upgrades are probably some of the worse, a little over 7$ worth of crowns for each upgrade, it costs a fortune to upgrade these things.And thats where what I see as the big scam comes in, the biggest problem in ESO is inventory space, its awful. Why? Becuase theres HUNDREDS of crafting materials, and if you want to hoard them all, well...get ♥♥♥♥ed. But hey...tired of the inventory system being complete DOGSHIT? Pay for a subscription and get a infinite bag that auto-stores all crafting supplies!I find this ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting, they saw the game had a huge flaw, and instead of fix it, put fixes to it in a dlc, or any reasonably sane solution, they make it the biggest selling feature of a paid subscription. This isnt a new item, this doesnt give you anything, its a few lines of simple god damned code. A developer made this in a matter of a few hours, at best. And its the only worthwhile reason to justify buying a subscription, sure you get access to the dlc without the up front cost, but you could also just...buy the dlc, and have it forever. I dont consistently, non-stop, play a single game over the course of MONTHS, I cant justify paying a monthly fee for a single game. Nor should I feel like I have to spent 15$ every time I feel like picking the game back up after a couple months.Then you have random crates that contain random assortments of exlusive pets, costumes, cosmetic♥♥♥♥♥♥like that.The rest is mostly just atrociously garish cosmetic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I wouldnt be caught dead in.I really wish steam had a ""mixed"" review option, overall, if you are a fan of TES, theres something worth checking out here, though probably wait for a sale. If you have never played TES before...go pick up Skyrim,"
,Not Recommended,306130,12292412,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,HentaiBoy,"2/10So , I only spent a small amount of time in this game , it may get better as i get further but i doubt that will happen. The reason i disliked this game was not because i expected ''skyrim 2.0'' or ''skyrim online'' I wanted this to let me explorer ALL of the areas of tamerial , and it does not let you go everywhere , just a few bits of the areas it choses.You must also buy a renewing membership to get your ''30 day free trail''TL;DRcouldnt go and ♥♥♥♥ about in elsweyer and had to pay for a 60day membership so i could get my ''30 day triail''"
76561198080970130,Not Recommended,306130,14379945,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,AVGhost,"I recommend this game but not as an Elder Scrolls game. It has far more in similarities with other mmo's then i does its own franchise. As far as gameplay goes anyway, story and lore is definitely Elder Scrolls. Gameplay is less dependant on timing your hits then it is to hack and slash until you have to avoid a devistating aoe. It also drops direct attacks for skills and spell so they can incorporate classes. The result is less involved combat and more flashy auto skills that more or less happen at the push of a button. You have less freedom with your character then they advertise but its to push for player interaction as some classes are hard to solo with. My advise, play in third person, find groups, and plan your class before hand."
,Recommended,306130,29891251,Posted: 12 February,all,Spited,Eso is a great MMO RPG if gour into that but 1 thing that made me brake my headset and mouse was that it wouldnt install the launcher and i spent 2 days just nuking the file (Verifying Cache) and i found a way to fix ithttps://youtu.be/cnMN4V_4les
,Recommended,306130,14937430,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Mykap,"Fun to play, simply can't hate a game with Tamriel in it.BUT SERIOUSLY THE MONTHLY FEES"
76561198059038750,Recommended,306130,30285159,Posted: 2 March,all,TomDaBomb,"As a fan of both Oblivion and Skyrim, I can say this game if played for the storylines it's not terrible but don't except an Oblivion or Skyrim level of quality. However the multiplayer aspect is fairly entertaining, though sometimes repetative. Dungeons are fun, if you have friends who play or get lucky with a good group of randoms. As for PvP, as a mainly PvE player my experience is limited, but the times I have made the journey over to the PvP zones have never been disappointing! Bottom line is if you enjoyed the previous Elder Scrolls games, if you like MMOs, if you enjoy games with a large open world, and like the option to have a playstyle other than strictly combat, you'll like this game.Overall score: 9.5 out of 10 (Only missing .5 because of slightly clunky feeling of UI in controller mode, though that mode is labeled as in BETA so that is likely to change.)"
,Recommended,306130,29974606,Posted: 16 February,all,Biggie Smalls,"Idk, why people say this game is dead, This game is full of life."
,Recommended,306130,20595769,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Goodbye Korea,"Absolutely amazing game. Brings back the days of Skyrim. If you're looking for a newer, better, more open Skyrim then here it is. Groups bring a whole new world to questing and dungeons are ever more challenging. Previous to buying the game I was a bit skeptical but now I fully support everything in it. DLCs are actually useful and fun, once you buy them you can share what they have to bring with your friends. You can customize everything about your character, how Tamriel runs, and what you want to be in the game. 10/10"
,Recommended,306130,14713338,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,LEVEL 96 Dark Repulser Live,It is a good game.
,Recommended,306130,34650734,Posted: 31 August,all,fl,it's alright
,Recommended,306130,29877670,Posted: 12 February,all,Squigibo,"This is more like it!  It's more like Skyrim / Oblivion Gameplay.  This is the game we should have received at launch!  Wow what a difference.  and Single Buy one time play forever, base game!  Such the deal."
76561198055015499,Recommended,306130,26683091,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Xeppy,"Incredible MMORPG, has to be amongst the best for pure story and PvE elements, Playing with friends leaves a few things to be desired but the developer is very progressove in constructively building on this game. I know this since I played it in Beta and the difference between then and now is like night and day."
76561198023463061,Recommended,306130,26708649,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,rickyjcox,Love this game - would strongly recommend!
,Recommended,306130,33669711,Posted: 20 July,all,Freebellion,The best MMORPG out there at the moment. Only issues I have with it are the frequent DLCs that require purchasing unless you're a ESO+ subscriber and that it can feel too casual at times.
,Recommended,306130,33920432,Posted: 30 July,all,yokos,"This game got my by surprise, the most fun I've got with an MMO in a while. Very chill and relaxing IMO"
,Recommended,306130,31675527,Posted: 10 May,all,Slinko,Better than wow
,Recommended,306130,33663266,Posted: 19 July,all,The One True Autist,"I've almost finished the Tutorial, very nice so far!"
,Recommended,306130,34472668,Posted: 24 August,all,Klause Von Fuquad,10/10 download simulator.
76561198403227897,Recommended,306130,33500180,Posted: 13 July,all,Fuccboi,Great game.
,Not Recommended,306130,33190254,Posted: 3 July,all,Ben,"The game is OK, but beware of the Plus Membership. They have been charging me every three months without any invoive, notification, or anything... Even after I had ended the membership."
,Recommended,306130,30785988,Posted: 27 March,all,Tea Love,"I bought this game a little under three weeks ago, and as you can tell from my hours I have had a hard time stopping. I had the Thieves Guild anniversary to tide me, as well as the (as of this post) currently-running Jester event. However, what has kept me going is the sheer scale of Tamriel, the freedom of character direction via weapon choice and attribute focus; and especially the quality voice acting present throughout all of the game. I have yet to even dip my toes into the PvP aspect of the game, and none of my characters have any Champion Points. I have no experience with the game prior to the One Tamriel update, but I highly, highly recommend it to any and all.A note to anyone purchasing the game, I highly recommend buying the base game and maintaining a subscription over purchasing the dlc package. The subscription comes with the unlimited slot account-wide crafting bag which is essentially vital. To some this may seem a shameful money draw, while MMO veterans will likely understand this 15$ fee to be a part of the process for quality. It's highly worth considering the fact you get a cash-shop currency equivalent in game to the amount spent on your subscription. Essentially the subscription ""pays for itself"" in the game.All of this said, I am loving the game as much as I was since the moment I stepped into ESO."
,Recommended,306130,11611103,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,「Heart of Ice」,"All these bad reviews are nonsense, It's good so far and it's going to continue improving."
76561198053842123,Recommended,306130,16571055,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Eyepatch ッ,"Lets me state this so it is simple for everyone, one of the best games easily"
76561198004521322,Recommended,306130,17613642,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Right,You can have a cat.
76561197992260774,Recommended,306130,17895507,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,raven_korea,"First off the game is addictive. I will play for 30 minutes and later look at the clock and see it is 3AM.The quests are not to difficult, but expect to die many times in the early stages of the game.  The music track is complimentary to the landscapes, both are outstanding.  You are competing with other players who are running around trying to accomplish the same tasks you are.  You can interact with other players, but so far I have not had much success with forming any ""friends"".  There definitely are times when a partner comes in handy, but you are all attempting to accomplish the same goals.  It is sometimes comical to see dozens of charcters runing around and going about trying to accomplish the same goal you are.  Non player charcters often add to the comic relief with witty (and some so not witty) comments.The good things about the game: First, the gaming controls are simple and easy to learn. Those who are familar with Elder Scrolls wil feel comfortable, those like me who are new to the series will make many mistakes and smack your head for making dumb mistakes. Secondly, the charcter you build develops skills and gains abilities through the game.Bad things:  None really. It took several hours to downlaod and setup.  After that no real problems.  Had the server drop out of the game once so far, no biggie.  I would like to see more development and personal interaction between your charcter and the charcters you meet in your journey, but that would be a programming nightmare I imagine.Enjoy the the game, it is fun."
76561198032214517,Recommended,306130,20700610,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Scoobert Doobert,best game for roleplay i have every played
76561198049357361,Recommended,306130,29195966,Posted: 11 January,all,Suggest,"I've played Skyrim, Oblivion and Morrowind for long time than I could remember. I'd recommend this game if you love The Elder Scrolls games. It just doesn't get old. :)"
76561198051262742,Not Recommended,306130,31483319,Posted: 1 May,all,kaffeend,"Take a generic, off-the-shelf mmorpg.  Rewrite a lot of the lore. Implement some heavily unbalanced class mechanics. Employ voice actors to basically insult the player at every turn, and you have The Elder Scrolls Unlimited. For anyone not already in the know, the game is loosely broken up into two games. The aforementioned mmorpg cookie-cutter game, and the singleplayer main questline. That's right; the entire main story is not playable with friends. You cannot group for these chapters of the story. The rest of the game is really only a handful of quests repeated over and over and over again, throughout the game. The combat is fun the first few times you try it, but it's soon just another chore that takes time away from doing other things. There are four classes. Sure, you can make whatever type of character you can think of, but that character will be almost useless most of the time. You must choose and develop the character class according to very strict parameters, as laid out by Zenimax Online. I could write an essay on how this is NOT an Elder Scrolls game, but  this brief (and heavily biased) review will have to suffice. Read/watch reviews before considering this game."
76561197997295746,Recommended,306130,17011721,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,YahazuGiri,Enters house to steal. There's people inside. Panics. Starts looking to all sides. Steals fish. Gets out of house. Ambushed by guards. ♥♥♥♥♥ slapped the guards. Parkours to freedom.10/10 would steal a fish again.
,Recommended,306130,17228109,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,diegraver,"It's good, but it is nothing like Skyrim.  Don't get this thinking it will be"
,Recommended,306130,17070591,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Superscooter,"JUST GET A HORSE VIA CROWN SHOP AND KEEP UPGRADING IT DAILY. THANK ME LATER.I reached veteran rank 1 on my main and have beaten the main story line, so I believe I can list my impressions of the Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited, especially since it took me around 180 hours. Those hours include maybe 10-20 hours of PvP and me doing ABSOLUTELY EVERY SINGLE SIDE-QUEST AND DUNGEON in the Aldmeri Dominion faction zones. I have the achievement to show.Lets get down to the important things. First of all, if you're one of those typical, ever-thirsty MMORPG fans who claim all MMO's of past (except your precious baby you love and hate, WoW) suck despite loving each new one for a month or two then abandoning it, ever searching for the next new big thing, then no. This game isn't for you. I recommend you try out FF14 instead, it's amazing how such a failure became an incredible revival.ESO is a mega ultra casual MMO, and take this sincerely from someone who played Toontown for much longer than he should have. IF YOU RUSH THROUGH EVERYTHING, YOUR EXPERIENCE IS HARSHLY DAMPENED. If you're concerned about reaching max level above all else, you will hate this game. The grind that you have to try to find in this game is incredibly boring, because only quests give xp. Oh, but other MMO's give lots of quest xp too, what's the big deal? The big deal is that quests have some of the best voice-acting in MMO's to date.The writing is generally good, and there's tons of optional text to go through. Again, this makes sense why some people claim they are boring because they spam through the text choices to continue to the next event. What IS a valid complaint is ""quests are uninspired"". In a different fashion, though. There are the few ""kill x this, return x that"" quests, but most get very wild and different in execution, including the theme or characters of the quest being presented differently than normal. However, they still boil down to three different scenarios: you wait for characters to finish a conversation, you do a Skyrim-tier puzzle (some involve reading, watch out people-who-despise-reading!), and Good/Bad karma choices. Believe it or not, the Good/Bad decisions you can make in quests do affect your gameworld, but in EXTREMELY minor ways. Like, we're talking about a character that won't be alive versus being alive later on. If the character lives, they just get to say more lines if you bother to talk to them, etc. Therefore, the karma choices aren't executed that well.Combat is more or less the same as it was in beta. Two hotbars for skills, 5 each, can be swapped between. You cannot access more than that at once, ever.Music is great and shares elements of tracks from Oblivion and Morrowind.PvP is a GW2-like zergfest that isn't much fun, even in the noob PvP campaign, until you're an appropriate mid-range level like the 30's.One surprising thing about this game is that the community is actually rather friendly most of the time. It still takes a while to find people to group with you at all and that leads me to a MAJOR flaw with the game...the LFG system. I feel like it should work, but I also feel like absolutely no one uses it, so it doesn't work because it can't find anyone to group me with. You will be stuck eternally on searching for a specific dungeon, and if you do eventually get into a group for specifically the dungeon you're looking for, the members of the group will not respond, probably kick you out, or be in a completely different area. Aside from that glaring issue, most bugs and glitches have been eliminated since launch, making the game stabler than it initially was.I don't know how much else I can describe the game, other than it being a super casual mmorpg that only a super casual mmorpg player can like, one that reads everything, listens to every npc fully, does all the quests... when played like that, ESO is very comfy. If you're expecting more than comfy, the game is mediocre.Averaging it all together, game is a solid 7/10 now, and worth the money if you're someone who buys on amount of content in-game.Goodbye.EDIT: Very soon, the game will eradicate it's former system of level-gated, zone-gated content. They will go with the formula true Elder Scrolls games have used, where you can walk anywhere and do any quest at any level, with any friend."
76561198031469144,Recommended,306130,17221755,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,oohHELLnoo,"i played this game for over 350 hr everything was ok until a certain update that made the game unplayable for me.It keeps crashing at the login screenAfter alote of mails to the ""support"" it's still not working! they ask you to send files etc and so I did... But i can't seem to get a solid answer out of them... It always goes try this and try this or this..at the end of it, It's still not working and now they just stopped mailing me!So becareful if you have a problem with the game and they can't fix it you're ♥♥♥♥edbut other then that wen it's working this game is pretty damn good"
76561198089780540,Recommended,306130,18424170,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Jaya,nice game for mmorpg
,Recommended,306130,18047497,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Lord King,"This game is phenominal. I cannot recommend this game higher to any fans of the Elder Scrolls series. It has changed massively since Beta/early release and has easily earned a second chance from anyone who played before!The graphics are fantastic, as is the voice acting and general storyline of the game and quests. Combat is extremely fluid, combining the magic and melee combat almost seamlessly. Like the previous Elder Scrolls games you can use any combination of armor types and weapons regardless of your class. You can steal, pickpocket, and murder pretty much any NPC in the game, aside from guards who are unkillable.Levelling is extremely engaging, with a variety of in-world events, group bosses, solo-dungeons, and general exploration to amuse any player. Exploration is encouraged and rewarded very naturally, with a variety of rewards waiting players who explore (lorebooks, certain exceptional views, solo dungeons, and Skyshards). Skyshards are collectables that exist in all the solo-dungeons and scattered around the map (which can be located by solving riddles in your Achievement menu) that reward an extra skillpoint for every 3 you collect. The quests all vary and are not simply 'kill 10 boars' or 'collect bat eyes'.  For example, one quest involved solving riddles and finding clues hidden in NPC journals to complete the quest.DLC is very fair as well, costing around $20 for the new Imperial City DLC. The Crown Store only offers non-essential items for sale (and the DLC of course), such as costumes or mounts and pets. You have the option to purchase 'ESO Plus' which is an unrequired monthly subscribtion that nets you 1500 Crowns per month along with access to all currently released DLC.PvP is an intense, open-world, experience. The Oblivion map of Cyrodill acts as the PvP zone, with each of the three factions fighting for control of various keeps, resources, elder scrolls, etc. It comes with its own set of skill points and ranks that can be acheived.Crafting is also extremely engaging and interesting, with each profession having its own set of skills you can learn, just like in Skyrim.All in all this game is extremely worth it. At the time of writing I have had it for about two weeks and have almost netted 60 hours of playtime."
,Recommended,306130,20533305,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,WinterMyute,There was a traveling guild of khajit playing musical instruments called 'Just_Kitting'. 9/10 this one approves.
,Recommended,306130,16292691,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Jacko Coolio,"It sure looks like I've only played this game for about 8.5 hours but that is only because it only counts the hours you spend on it if you open it through your Steam library.StoryThe story behind this game is definitely one of the main reasons I got this game, and why I love it. The characters all have unique personalities in both the main storyline and side quests. As you progress, you will need to complete side quests to earn xp and other loot. Some involve fighting monsters in dungeons and they don't get old after a while because each dungeon and side quest has it's own characters and storyline. Some side quests also involve retrieving something for somebody, or completing some simple task, but like the dungeons, they all have their own characters and unique task to complete.PerformanceThe overall performance in ESO is great. I have an average gaming laptop that I play the game on and I'm able to run the game fairly well. My friend has a better gaming desktop and he is able to run the game at max settings no problem. However I have found that it seems to be easier to run the game in third person rather than first, because first person feels a little bit choppier.GameplayESO, from a gameplay aspect is a wonderful game. You can choose from 9 races, and one more, Imperial, if you choose to spend the extra $20 for Imperial Edition, like me. Each race has their own pros and cons, so some are better for different classes. You can choose from four different classes when you start the game, Dragonknight, Templar, Nightblade, and Sorcerer. I've only played Dragonknight and have only started at Nightblade. The combat system is great, because the five skills that you can choose from and change freely throughout the game and the blocking and bashing parts of it prevent the game from becoming a repetitive firstperson point and click adventure.MultiplayerThe thing that makes ESO different than any other Elder Scrolls game is the fact that it's multiplayer. You can complete side quests, fight monsters, and explore the world of Tamriel with a friend, as long as both of you have a reliable internet connection. As I mentioned before, I have two characters, an Imperial Dragonknight and a Redguard Nightblade. The Imperial, I only play on multiplayer with my friend. The Redguard, I made to play solo, when said friend isn't around.TL;DRESO is an amazing and beautiful game, that I recommend to anyone that has a beating heart and a working brain."
76561198046501252,Recommended,306130,17079614,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Kapten,Really nice game always got something new to do 10/10
,Recommended,306130,18035420,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,tootpocalypse,This game is near perfect.They just need to add multiple hit boxes so we can headshot with arrows and magic.Or cut off limbs or blast them off with magic
,Recommended,306130,20518740,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,HidoYushi™,"It's amazing, just amazing, I can do stuff as killing the npc but they're to0 hard to defeat but yeah... And it's so much easier to get clothes because you can just steal them :) what? You can also buy them? Naah too expensive.. Awesome game!"
76561198040404200,Recommended,306130,16237794,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,The Struggler,just buy it
,Recommended,306130,21417310,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Sa1nt.,"pretty good MMO. I play skyrim and guild wars 2, i wanted this game to be a mix of both and thats what it is, not quite to what i wanted but its still really good! its fun challenging and similar to skyrim and guild wars. however the game has some stuff that you can only do with a membership, like most MMO's, but its still a great game. and there is no monthly membership unless you want the premium which isn't worth it in my opinion."
,Recommended,306130,22872064,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,nannerpuss,"80 hours in and I am level 20, but I did restart a few times and left the game for a couple months. Regardless, leveling is not like any other MMO I've played. This game makes WoW feel ""beatable"" in three days. The level cap is 50 right now, so everything is drawn out a little ways to make the game feel bigger. Not that I'm complaining, it just takes some patience. Also, depending on how distracted you get by things, it can feel even longer.I paid $26 for this on sale and have gotten three times the value out of it and I'm not even close to max level yet."
76561198067350440,Recommended,306130,16288930,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,bookly144,honestly i am a Huge elder scrolls fan but this felt like a MMO that someone had modded to look like the elder scrolls its fun to play with friends i would not recommend if it still had its paid subscription but however it does not so i would say if your bored pick it up when its on sell
76561198063802773,Recommended,306130,16319501,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Sporgle Blorgus,"~Killed Tiny Mudcrab.~Found Legendary Greaves in its' corpse.-8/8, would Mudcrab again.-"
,Recommended,306130,18408038,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Wilder,"You know? Pain suffered to download the game and updates truly be cured instantly when you play. Difficult to explain with words, but I highly recommend this for a game mmorpg."
76561198021733815,Not Recommended,306130,18136856,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Marlborough,This is just silly.  Elder Scrolls does not work as an MMO game.  Don't waste your money.
,Recommended,306130,18428922,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Haze,Addicted!
76561197971516697,Recommended,306130,18437095,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,rlspider,ive liked this game alot its easy to play and fun
76561198068771515,Recommended,306130,20590295,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,devinbotes123,"Elders Scrolls fan : GET ITWant to try a new MMO : GET ITSeriously fun game , so much to explore and do and the Elders Scroll Lore is there and done really well."
76561198011389899,Not Recommended,306130,29171604,Posted: 10 January,all,Woodsparrow,"If I'm honest, there isn't anything wrong with the game from a technical perspective. The audio is fine, it runs fine, the story lines themselves aren't cliche.But the mechanics werejust...dull?I don't know. This game didn't inspire me to log in and play 'just 5 more minutes'. It inspired me to go download Skyrim for a better single player RPG, and buy the latest WOW expansion for a better multiplayer RPG."
,Recommended,306130,18958995,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Lasercat,F*** living
76561198158215859,Recommended,306130,19133871,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,StuffyGamer,Very Guude
,Recommended,306130,19984672,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The Man Who Cant Be Noob,"The very first MMORPG that doesnt getting me tired of playing, dont think that this game is an Elder Scrolls games think of it as an MMORPG that is in the world of an Elder scrolls games. Good community, I like how you can choose a variety of skillsets in one class(that I havent seen in any MMORPG, I only played like 5 MMORPG so dont judge me).The world is so vast that exploring the world alone is fun(at least for me), If you were a single player- yes you can play it alone(just like me) but in order to raid some dungeons you need to have a group party which you can find easily with ""Dungeon Finder"" feature or by joining a guild(You can go alone but its freaking hard just to get past through the first mobs). And about the guild wars, I only participate twice so I cant say much about it beside it being fun but its a bummer when you dont have any horse because you need to run from A to B which is far.Maybe my only disappointment here for me is that I though the graphics will be like an AAA title game but hey its graphics is great for an MMORPG."
,Recommended,306130,33054565,Posted: 30 June,all,The Doctor! Doctor Who?,WOW killer for me
76561197971005060,Not Recommended,306130,17209792,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Просто По,On the first look it looks like a candy. But after a few days of gameplay you understand that you are obligated to spend time questing and finding partners. You can play solo but the cool stuff is only for groups while the trading system is extremly illogical making set items worthless while loot drops are tottaly random. After you manage to find nessesary equipment through guild traders or by hours of questing the quick level up system nullifies your efforts. While pvp may seem engaging after you play for a while you may find it extremly unbalaced. You will encounter players who use scripts and maybe even bots so your supper cool abilities are wasted and your PvE combos not even doing an effect on enemy teams. The worst part is that bows are irrelevant in pvp - any mdd or mage can teleport to you in a second and ignoring your stuns kill you in 2-3 hits.The only good part is single player story line with good character voices and atmospheric enviroments. But than why do you need MMO for that?
76561197975010374,Recommended,306130,17225353,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,sps222,Can't get enough!
76561198061660699,Recommended,306130,18669569,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,MadMax26R,"This game is absolutely fantastic. Combinening some of the greatest elements from all 5 of the elder scrolls games it pieces together a masterpiece that I personally found incredible. Some things you should know:If you have only played Skyrim DO NOT BUY THIS GAME Go play oblivion and morrowind first, otherwise youl end up wasteing your moneyIf youve never played an elder scrolls game but enjoy the fantasy genre buy this game, youl go in with no expectations control wise or lore wise.This game is different than Skyrim, from the bounty systems, respawn and transportation this game is not like skyrim It is very fun but I cannot stress this enough, this game should be played from an unbiased point of view. THe reason all these Elder Scrolls Fans are ragging on it is because they are comparing it to recent installments, not treating it like an entirely new game.Make sure you have ALOT of hardrive space, this is a 100 GB game so make sure you have at least 175 open.The game includes a new type of bounty system, when you commit a crime you will need to pay it off, and your bounty goes with you.The gold system is very very different, in ESO it is much harder to get gold, you wont find it in many places so you usually have to do a but load of quests before you can get a mount so do not expect any mounts anytime soon unless you use the crown store.The crown store pay to use currency, meaning you gotta buy it. Everything in ESO is free except for the premium mounts, pets and costumes, although they do generously give you a starting payment of crowns. Anyways don't buy the premium membership unless you want some crowns or the DLC which in my opinion is not something you're gonna be using for quite a while as the base game is huge.FInally Please, Buy this game The guys at Zenimax worked really hard on it and it is very fun just remember what  have said here so you don''t go in with a biased opinion of elder scrolls games."
76561198027135626,Recommended,306130,19637429,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Vohira,"I have to admit that after participating in beta in 2014 I knew, that ESO would not be a game that I will be playing. Back then with over 200 hours of play time in Skyrim and a short affair with Morrowind, and having such titles as Guild Wars 2, Star Wars: TOR as a mesuring stick... ESO fell short. Although maybe unfairly seeing as it was only a beta.However it served me well, as I bought and logged in now in late 2015. Without any expectations or preconcieved notions but knowing that it is not ""Skyrim Online"" I found the current game really enjoyable. I do need to mark here that I'm mostly a PvE'er (low lvl for now) and despite having a mount I travel across Tamriel on foot... as I came to conclusion that while more convenient, horses take out a lot of the wandering and discovering done in ESO:TU.The lore books lie around every corner, almost every container seen in game can be looted, NPC's mugged... And I have crafted equipement that is the best I could get for my lvl as I progressed I could and can easily solo most of the content... It slowly begins to feel like Skyrim.The two things that are a bit of a hassel for me personally so far are Guild Merchants and a bit slow Group Finder tool, but I can live with them.So all in all, I think it's a solid and trully enjoyable game as it is now."
,Recommended,306130,20489249,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Rednal,How can you not like this epic game?
76561198135650217,Not Recommended,306130,21143533,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Traund,"Although this game has many great features, there is a basic function that should be in the game to keep players knowing its a balanced MMO RPG, the function I speak of is the Cross Purchasing Format between character's you created. The Pay for Currency in Elder Scrolls Online or what the game calls ""Crowns"" is a simple way to just get a lot of unique looking items but the only way you can get a reasonable amount of ""Crowns"" is by online transactions. Paying for this in-game Currency will be sent to your Elder Scrolls Online account but this is the part that makes this system very unbalance and makes the game look, ""Money Grabby"". The Online Currency is sent to your account but purchasing items that you should be able to access to all your characters that you have created on the game is a great way to keep player playing. For example if you have played the Elder Scrolls Online for a long time and you have spent a fair amount of money on the game and you wish to start knew again, you will suddenly realize that the term ""Role Playing Game"" has become a lot harder to do in your own way because the game dose not have that Cross Purchase System for you to enjoy the money you spent on the game, which would lead to the boringness of players that can't use there well paid for items and would eventually lead to players not playing the game anymore. The game has a lot to offer but its the small details that people will notice and will lead to the biggest problems. Therefor I recommend not being the ""Pay to Win"" type of player on this game for the fact that you cant manage what you should be able to control, simply just play the game like any old original Elder Scrolls game but online and with friends."
76561197970659278,Recommended,306130,22157722,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,pinkhq,"I was very hesitant on purchasin ESO due to my having to use controller via PC.. Boy.. How i wasted time!!I do not think they could've integrated support for controllers any better. Sheer perfection.As a game of the Elder Scrolls Brand, everything looks brilliant, plays brilliant and is just brilliant.Updates are a constant and is quite reasonable in offline server times.I am imagining another 2,000+ hours spent in awe and delight."
76561198223791844,Recommended,306130,35128930,Posted: 22 September,all,Maxus Troy,very good game this is not skyrim 2.0 is a MMO within the world of skyrim to be honest this game goes alot more indepth tho i could never go back to skyrim and just have the basic attacks and magic i have played many MMO's and this game is defo in my top 3 have put nearly 400 hours into the game and no where near having everything done which is a good thing the problem with alot of MMo's i have played is there just anit enough content with eso that anit a problem .
,Recommended,306130,25436152,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Pandabrururu,"Would be great if you could ""upgrade"" to the new Gold Edition. It's only a few dollars off the original Tamriel Unlimited package. Waiting for this to come out.As for the game itself, ESO is one of the best and most immerisve MMOs out there! If you're into story, they've got tons of that in-game. If you want to be stealthy and steal every damn thing displayed on the street market, you can do so. Be a knight in the frontlines of a great battle, sure why not!Lots of things to do in the world of Tamriel.If you're expecting to play an MMO and you'd want to play it for a long time, by all means buy this game! It'll provide you with an engaging story line, lots to do from start to end-game and they're constantly pushing out new content. DLC's are pretty expensive though but they provide more hours of gameplay -- each with interesting stories, characters and new environments to explrore!"
,Recommended,306130,34544581,Posted: 27 August,all,DovaHkiin®™,nice game
76561198154904365,Recommended,306130,31199568,Posted: 17 April,all,Too BAD谢霆锋,买买买！
,Recommended,306130,27601652,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Doeetright,"I am a recovering WoW addict!  Many of you have traveled the same path that I have, personally I played for the most of 11 years including beta and did everything from farming 48 hour AV sessions to hardcore 8-10 hour 40-man raiding sessions.This is my nicotine patch. 1) It is Buy-to-play so I do not HAVE to spend anything monthly on it (including gold), this alleviates the feeling that I HAVE to play and gives me the opportunity to log in and play when I feel like it. 2) It's enjoyable as both solo and group play and neither are really required to have fun! 3) At least at the moment, the community isn't as toxic as say LoL or WoW, that's not to say that there are not trolls, but it is a much cleaner and nicer environment than most Free-to-play games I've experienced.The game isn't perfect by any means, but if you're looking to spend a few hours on the computer without getting sucked into a world like WoW then maybe this'll be your nicotine patch too.  I can hop on here for a few hours and just take a break and relax instead of getting worked up about my ilvl, artifact power, and what raids I need to clear each week!  Hopefully if you're in the same situation I was you'll make the jump too!"
76561198044911794,Recommended,306130,26649388,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,物以化极,"It`s a good game,but we need Hong Kong sever and chinese"
,Not Recommended,306130,31520408,Posted: 3 May,all,Jeremyz0r,"The servers are at Level 3 Texas, expect your ping to sit at 500+ on an average day. The client has multiple memory leaks, ToS recommends you don't idle on the character select screen. ;) All short-comings are expected to be patched by community made addons, but there's not a lot of support there either. ""Thought I weapon swapped, now I'm dead!"" Random  frequent disconnects. The BS never ends, but maybe you'll find it fun. After you buy ESO plus so you can actually use your inventory or pickup loot."
76561198115425926,Not Recommended,306130,11551063,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,OkieSniper,"Ok I like MMO's but this is one of the most peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥games ive ever played i payed $30 dollars on sale and truthfully dont think its even worth that. The reason behind this is its extremely bland,boring,nothing like an elder scrolls game, and very hard to get to the different regions of the map to meet with friends at a low level. SWTOR was better than this game and thats a free to play MMO. So buy it if you want but i dont recommend it. Also i love elder scrolls games but this is just sad."
,Recommended,306130,15658153,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,GrandMagus,lots of exploration and the pvp is hella fun!
,Recommended,306130,26615700,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Death_Squad,Game of the Decade. This was the WoW killer for me. Its the best RPG and certainly the best MMORPG I've every played
,Recommended,306130,31093577,Posted: 12 April,all,capriciousCapra,It's alright I guess.
,Not Recommended,306130,28171652,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Viral,"Realistically your looking at upto £200 (>£150 there after) a year to make this game tollerable mechanically.. All the storage DLC extras..I have several thousand hours in other MMOs often 2k each, so please believe me when i say although you can play for less, at the time of writing this, this is how much it will cost to make the game go smoothly in all aspect of it.Being an mmo, money is the first thought, and thats out the way.Now the game is so much better than it was in beta, the last time i played it.Its good, its full, its well done.Starting out is a♥♥♥♥♥♥though, some issues with getting it to play through steam and logging in regardless of steam or not.As of this moment, i would say yes, its worth it............................................................................................................Im editing this to a negative review now. Im about 2 weeks in, leveled my main, 100 levels into champion aswell, im saying this so you know im putting all my effort in.The end content is the pvp, cyrodil. Its 100%♥♥♥♥♥♥ You can not stand a chance against anyone whos played longer than you. I tried over a week to simply do 1 mission in there and couldnt as i was basically♥♥♥♥♥♥blocked by lv 700+ guys intent on killing newbies to the game or low levels.The game community is wank, they will not help you. The community is toxic if you say anything negative or constructive.The pve aspects of the game are ok to a point, now ive played it i see why people complain about the world leveling with you, some parts are made impossible now.The game is not worth your time. Dont do it. Unless you are already OP and grouped up."
,Recommended,306130,33755720,Posted: 23 July,all,iPromise,play it
,Recommended,306130,34496567,Posted: 25 August,all,Cx,sick game spent half a year playing it on console 10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,306130,20122459,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kevin Kumar,"its been a week of non stop downloading. 29.9GB and now another 40GB patch -____-anyway, i played the beta and thought that was good.i own it on ps4 and think it is good.I love this game."
,Recommended,306130,30238129,Posted: 28 February,all,ClusterFlux,"Zenimax is doing a pretty damn good job here. This is probably the closest we'll be getting to an ""updated"" Ultma-Online(player freedom as the primary goal), It has it's short-comings though it gets major props for actualy trying to break the generic MMO mold.______+ Game is Buy-2-Play and, the Cash Shop avoids breaking the experience very nicely.+ One Tamriel update unlocked leveled zones, letting players go anywhere, quest anywhere.+ Combat is smooth and responsive, each hit has weight to it's swing making each weapon feel different from the next.+ The Champion system rewards multiple characters and, with the amount of calsses/skills, building a new character doesn't feel like a chore.+ No Cooldowns on Skills/Spells, everything works off a pooled resources stamina and/or magicka, with very few skills having cast times.+ All quests are fully voiced, making them feel more personal with a total of four campaigns (Vestige and, the Alliances) and everything inbetween.+ The Vestige story here is the best in the Scrolls series since TES:Oblivion, Molag Bal remains a persistent Antagonistic force.+ Probably the most rewarding crafting/gathering experience I've had in a MMO in a long time, the economy is also controlled by the player-base with personalized trading guilds.______- Customer support's automated e-mail response♥♥♥♥♥♥is very dodgey, and can get very annoying.- Game client is ♥♥♥♥ing ""Yuuge""!- Equipment loadouts need reworked, as of now a ""double 2-handed weapon loadout"" gets gimped loosing out on a potential 2/5/5 monster set(So, DW/1H&Shld are almost a required meta slot). The MSA weapons are out there, but they just don't compare to the effects on the MS's, and having two 5's active at ounce.- Right now, Cyrodiil feels empty outside the Imperial City/Sieges. I just wish there was more out there then just bouncing from ruins and skyshards.- Mounts are disappointing for me, I thought there would be racing at some point. They instead strapped the riding skills on the character and, then threw upgrades in the damn cash shop...meh."
,Not Recommended,306130,31171436,Posted: 15 April,all,Icarus,"While this game has a lot of wonderful, wonderful qualities. The customer service is a complete joke. For the longest time this did not effect me, but I promise you the moment it does, the entire experience will be ruined completely. When you get the automated ""Thank you for your support ticket"" you have to actually respond to it, or they will marked the ticket as resolved. Responding to this gives you another email, thanking you for your patience. This email must also be responded to. At this point, I was two weeks through fighting with it, to get a very bland ""we can't help you."" If you get the game and are a fan of Elder Scrolls, you will probably enjoy it, as I did. However do not risk crown store purchases."
76561198084707621,Recommended,306130,32494387,Posted: 16 June,all,DickeyCanyons,"Fun but overpriced, reccomend buying during a sale"
,Recommended,306130,18536622,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Thedesserted,"See My game time? Ive actually played for like, 2 hours. The rest was patching."
76561198105086432,Not Recommended,306130,31171081,Posted: 15 April,all,Kickass,"22/04/2017DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!GAME LAUNCHER SUCKS....2 nd time for encounting 210 error in this week, it couldn't be fix. Last time, I spent 5hrs to fix it, but this stupid game caused Error with your C drive and steamapps file, all the game couldn't be deleted / installed.  I don't want to spend another 5 hrs to fix this ♥♥♥♥ing problem, FK this game developer, and I will quit this game for good.DON'T FALL IN THIS TRAP!!!!!!!19/04/2017I had played this game for 40 hrs in 3 days, and I hate this developer not the game. Plz, don't rush to press the ""NOT HELPFUL"" button before u have completely read my reveiw, especially for those keyboard fighters.What 's happening during my gaming experience?After the 10 hrs gameplay, I encountered the first bug. MY ATTRIBUTE POINTS LOST during the lv-up by game crushing, I couldn't get those 2 points back, even I tried to reset the attribute points. At this moment, the only thing I could do was just searching on the Internet and the official webpage for the solution, but I GOT NOTHING. Finally, I had to DELETE THE CHARACTER, and 10hrs of my life was wasted!!!!!FINE, LET'S PLAY ANOTHER CHARACTER...CRUSHING,FARMING,RUNNING...40hrs gameplay later, OMG, there was another bug. However, u can't call this as a bug, it's a ♥♥♥♥ING programme error -Error 210 - the PATCHMANIFESTERROR_DOWNLOADFAIL. Alright, I searched the solutions on the official support webpage, it provided 4 methods:1. Run the Game as an Administrator ---> NOT WORKING2. Download the Patch Manifest File ---> NOT WORKING3. Repair the Game Client ---> It didn't allow me to do so4. Delete the Program Data---> NOT ALLOW because of damaged fileAfter that, I had to try my way - un/reinstall the game. ♥♥♥♥ YOUR LITTLE♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game couldn't finish the install at all and sucked at 95% or something. SO I CHECKED THE GAME FILE IN C- drive, the damaged files couldn't be deleted or opened, nothing I COULD do at all. Ofc, i sent an e-mail to official support, they haven't replied my mail yet, and it seem they never try to read about it.WTF with this developer, I don't think this game is player-friendly, just another UNITED AIRLINE  or Ubisoft, leaving u dead after u paidAlso, WTF steam. I couldn't play this game, and u r not allowing me to refund because of >2hr playing hr !? WTF with the refund policy!!!!"
,Recommended,306130,23522838,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,The Knife of Dunwall,"3 hours into this game and i was already having more fun compared to my 60+ days gametime of WoW!!Hands down, the best MMO...EVER!!so would I recommend this game? HELL YEAH I WOULD!"
,Recommended,306130,23478791,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Koobastank,"Honestly it doesnt feel like an Elder Scrolls Game becasue there is not as much freedom since its an MMO and not a singleplayer anymore. On the other hand though, the PvE and PvP are extremely extensive and amazing. PvP has huge amounts of people all fighting at once and is very competitive and very strategic. PvE has so many more quests than the other games and the character creation is absolutely phenominal. Definitely a game that i recommend to all of my friends."
76561198010198495,Recommended,306130,27274967,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JEESUSKI,"Worth the try really, if you area bethesda game and MMO fan go for it while it's not expensive! Even both all the DLC 2 days after i bought the game"
76561198236044152,Recommended,306130,26667329,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,"Hello, good sir!","Honestly this is my favorite game as of the moment! If you're anything like me, and enjoyed the game 'Thief', then you will be a fan of this :) The stealth and crime systems go so well together, I honestly havent bothered to go and do much else in the game yet, but honestly its already worth it just for that sneaky cheeki breeki mode! Not to mention that the world is so alive and beautiful, and exploring tamriel, and reading all o the books, its a must for me as an elder scrolls fan!"
,Recommended,306130,29951682,Posted: 15 February,all,iLunarHawkzHD,"I'm really not an MMO guy, but this game is absolutely fantastic.+Pros:+Not much like Skyrim, instead, it has its own unique playstyle.+Plenty of PvP, quests, dungeons+A lot better than any MMO out there (this is the only MMO that doesn't bore me)+Classes and races-Cons:-You will occasionally run into some bugs-Can get Pay to Win depending on how you want to play-Hardcore MMO gamers will hate this gameOverall, this game is fantastic! If you're new to MMO gaming or like The Elder Scrolls, the title is worth the price.98/100"
,Recommended,306130,28105669,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Charlie Murphy,Khajiit dance party with 50 khajiit is all I needed in life
,Recommended,306130,26773164,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Trisky,Actually really fun and keeps getting better with age! If you like elder scrolls and like the ability to play with friends then buy it. Me and my fiancee love playing!
,Recommended,306130,28105058,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Zinga,"I finally tried this game during the free weekend and bought it soon thereafter. It's so much better than I thought it was going to be.I will probably get lynched for saying this but in my opinion it's better than Skyrim, the graphics and general gameplay is better and even the story is more rich with fully voiced quests and interesting storylines. There is so much to do whether you like exploring, combat, questing, crafting, dungeons, pvp and so much more.Skyrim was great for it's time but it will be hard for me to go back after playing this."
,Recommended,306130,28105316,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,mgk,♥♥♥♥
76561198287457284,Recommended,306130,22860154,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,SILENT HILL,this game is pretty fun with all the adventures and stuff..
,Recommended,306130,24041805,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hero of Space & Time,"A lot of people didn't like it because they were excepting Skyrim Multiplayer, but it is an MMO!I LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,306130,26645161,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,N008,Best MMO ever
76561198115678776,Not Recommended,306130,31149271,Posted: 14 April,all,austinjblades,if you like grinding you might enjoy it but this game truely is an mmo at heart.  and with its constant monetiziation despite the usual price tag i have to give this a thumbs down.  bethesda should be ashamed that this is associated with their name
,Not Recommended,306130,31846056,Posted: 19 May,all,Mastermind,"It was the first time that i have paid for a MMORPG and i am totally regretful about it! There are 4 classes and 10 races in ESO. You don't have many things just as craftbag, DLC's (you need them to be better) and other things. When you already paid for the game, you need to pay one more time for ESO Premium membership. Combat is awful, classes are awful, PVP is awful. You need to extra DLC or ESO premium membership to unlock another PVP map. You play in a same PVP map from 1 level to 50 level. Some dungeons and quests also require another DLC. This game has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dungeon finder system, if you are DPS, you need to wait for minimum 30 minutes to enter a dungeon and when it finds a suitable dungeon, it sometimes kick you from party and block queue for Dungeon Finder 15 minutes. Even this game is said to be a Sandbox, It doesn't have even storage chests in houses, you can't put your stuff. I don't even want to talk about bugs. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY FOR THIS GAME. GO PLAY ARCHEAGE OR ANY KOREAN MMORPG INSTEAD, BECAUSE EVEN P2W MMORPGS ARE BETTER THAN THIS GAME."
,Recommended,306130,32628518,Posted: 21 June,all,tvcx12,great game
,Recommended,306130,31350596,Posted: 24 April,all,TredzYip,"This is a brilliant game ! Im a Dark Elf , in Dark brotherhood organization , dual dagger with assasination skill tree. I wasnt intend to be part of the Dark Brotherhood, I just trespassing houses by houses at Gold Coast then I got hunting down by those guard because I refused to give up all my stolen stuff and pay bounty, I ran, and manage to escape.I escape into an island, a mansion, I found the speaker of Dark Brotherhood, he gave me a quest. Once I fulfill it I became part of the Dark Brotherhood, Im in love with the quest of Dark Brotherhood !!You create your own story but yet you will meet unexpected incident along your game .My review ? 11/10 , 150%/100%   worth to play !!"
76561198200483939,Not Recommended,306130,31871918,Posted: 20 May,all,Huntressofstars,"Coming from a person who greatly enjoyed all the Elder Scrolls games before this one, I went into ESO hoping to feel that familiar joy that I got from playing Skyrim or Morrowind. Unfortunatetly those feelings died within the few hours I first played the game, but hoping those feelings would surface at some point I continued to give ESO a shot and greatly regret that decision.ESO is unlike any of it's predecessors before it. If you come to think that ESO will hold that great Elder Scrolls feel you're used to, you are greatly wrong. ESO lacks the heart and soul of what made its predecessing games great and ultimatetly fails to stand alone as a game because of this. The several hours I spent grinding in the game can barely form a sentence to recollect what it is that I've even accomplished in the game. From the difficulties of the bosses that you have to solo fight on your own and ultimatetly die every single time trying to do so. The bosses simply are too overpowered and with weapons and gear that you seem spending more time and money repairing than actually using, fighting enemies and bosses that will ultimatetly kill you a few seconds into a fight isn't worth it, not to mention to spending hours trying to find crafting materials that never appear, to the PVP feature that never seems to pop out in your face and a storyline that feels quite boring compared to a player's journey to embrace their dragonborn heritage to quests that don't stand out ESO isn't all cracked up as trailers and other reviewes make it out to be nor mention the multitude of problems in the game.In my opinion a player would be better off strapped down in a chair and forced to play any number of video games from the Spongbob Squarepants seriers than playing or putting any money into ESO a game that suffers from laggy graphics, long loading times, and a game that crashes, freezes and logs out a player at the most random and inoportune times."
,Not Recommended,306130,31306377,Posted: 22 April,all,Juggernought,"Played this game for over a year now and recently took advantage of the sale on steam to transfer my account onto the steam platform.I would have originally recommended this game however I have just received a 72 hour ban in game for apparently 'botting'.I was a part of a farm group doing a popular grind spot called Dolmen farming in Alik'r Desert, during this time I was auto attacking with my 360 controller and talking to my girlfriend on the phone. I go to loot a chest and bam, I am kicked to menu with an error 307.I looked this up online and it just said something about servers, so I check online and NA server just went down. No worries I thought and log back in. I play for another 5 minutes and bam booted again with 307 error, except this time when I try to log back in I get a message saying you have been suspended, contact support.Believing this was some sort of error since I was clearly present, due to looting and moving around this was clearly obvious I wasn't botting but I also was not moving between points due to being on the phone so I could have been incorrectly lumped with the 30 or so actual bots present there.I go to contact support... except their guide states to login in then press 'appeal suspension' button... when you login the button vanishes.. great, If you don't login and press the button your sent to a page that is trying to get you to reset your account information instead.After spending half an hour trying to find out how to even contact support I finally find a random hyperlink through Google search which takes me to a ticket page which I send a ticket and ask them what was going on and to check logs and see I was clearly moving and collecting loot etc.The response I get was that apparently a gm tried to message me in game, which was a complete lie. I am 100% sure this didn't happen at all.Then when I asked again for them to see I was making clearly none programmable movements due to the fact Dolmen farming is a timed event based on how fast the other two Dolmens are completed and it would be impossible to loot if this was a bot, they dismissed the information.Better yet when I tried to get them to check chat logs since there was no chat from GM at all, the request was dismissed saying that apparently sometime in the previous 24 hours a GM had approached my charecter, changed something and I hadnt responded immediately so this is why I was banned. The only time this happened was the fact I was one shot killed completely out of the blue whilst farming to which I rezzed myself and continued.They state I could have been afk at any point in the 24 hours prior to this around the location of Dolmen farming. I mean come on, apparently if you choose to do any type of farming, your not allowed to even get up for a drink, toilet break or anything for fear of getting banned. What a joke.I have never botted in any game and never been banned in anything ever before. If Zenimax had a legit reason to ban me I would be completely fine but stating first a complete lie over chat and then using something in a 24 hour window to state I was at some point afk is just a joke.I have farmed hundreds of hours in MMORPG's over the span of 16 years and never had this crap happen. Canning this game because of it and I cannot recommend it due to this."
,Recommended,306130,22708980,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Dak,"i am in love with this game, im huge fan TES games, and lore. i gotta say i've had so much fun in this game, now i bought this game back in 2014 when it had a sub, i paid that sub for awhile but i couldnt play it too much, i came back now no sub, more content, im having so much fun, put well 100 hours in this week, already VR1, been fishing, dungeon diving, PvPing, i love it so much i went and bought 6 months of ESO plus. its worth every penny..B L O O D      F O R      T H E     P A C T3 years later, still playing, still loving every second of it.  its still the best MMO to datestill the BEST MMO out. best community too. best content. ZOS doesnt disappoint."
76561198172269615,Not Recommended,306130,29438745,Posted: 23 January,all,LeftClicker,This game is ok especially if you love the Elder Scroll Series... however if you dont love the series you most likely will not make it to level 50 being a direct result of you not liking the game enough to grind it out and force yourself to play... I have played it a lot on xbox and... its very boring now... I am writing this review mostly to save you money... its a money pit.
76561198015079447,Not Recommended,306130,11332425,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,No_Cookies_for_Zombies,"the game is a total scam, you don't get to play your 30 days. They want your credit information before you like the game. So it is theft of the finest. I am sad to say that Bethesda is notw a scammer company like most out there. DON'T BUY ITMy money is gone and I never played it."
,Recommended,306130,24711370,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,༺.CANNONBALL.༻,"Top Quality. (Graphic's are amazing for a MMO)People are fine.alooooooot of opurtunitys.for sure alot of frustration too (while farming a specific equipment f.e.)Dueling. ♥♥ (Check how good you are)Big MMO Fights in Cyrodiil (100 of people slaughter each other)Alooot of dungeon's, quests and so much more to adventure.So so so much playfun.Tons of personify option and MakeUp ""skins"" (All are only cosmetic)No pay to win which is the most rare thing on MMO's.Keeping it intresting with weekly updates.Its a game for your lifetime and you wont be able to finish it.Let's bet that you wont finish all quests in about ... lets say 2-3 years ? :DTottaly worth it to buy.10/10 would buy it again and again."
76561198082993327,Recommended,306130,19277066,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Cons†antine™,Good game
,Recommended,306130,31061318,Posted: 10 April,all,Surge,This is a very good game that will have you spending a lot of hours grinding and doing quests till it comes out your ears.
,Recommended,306130,12835637,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Draetor,"The best MMO since early WoW days.I can't remember having this much enjoyment in an MMO since early WoW.  Let me just briefly describe why in point form...1)  The world of Tamriel is huge, and between the 3 factions (each having their own areas, but eventually you can cross over) there is plenty of questing, exploration, dungeons, and other secrets/goodies to find.2)  Every single NPC is voice acted, with mostly interesting narrative that plays into a bigger plot line for your faction.  This means the days of kill this, collect that are over.  While questing is relatively similar to most MMOs in that you do need to still kill or collect something, it's done so in a way that falls into a bigger quest-line with a background story.3)  The UI is simple, and doesn't get in the way of your adventures, yet includes most of the functionality you need.  If you want more, there are add-ons for those end-game enthusiasts who need every stat and percentage displayed for them.4)  The classes and skill system play out in a way where any class can wear whatever armor they want and wield any weapon they want, but have class-specific skills to complement it.  Want a 2H heavy armor sorcerer with storm magic or the same 2H heavy armor Orc Dragonknight with draconic powers and defense mechanicsms?  This makes the combos limitless.5)  Progression.  This game feeds on your eagerness to progress in so many ways.  Great for completionists or those looking for more challenge.6)  Crafting.  This is the first MMO in a while that made crafting fun and rewarding.  I won't go into specifics, but if interested, look into how cool the crafting is in this game, and the rewards sought after by many players, even end-game.7)  The world and exploration.  One thing that awed me when WoW first released back in 2004, was the world everyone loved had come to life, and you can find things that made fall in love with it even more.  Well in ESO, the exploration of hidden tombs, locations of interest, delves, dungeons, towns, etc. has the same effect.  Not to mention the amount of lore, books, notes, and scrolls that come with the other elder scrolls games.8)  Combat.  The combat is pretty close to that of Guild Wars, but enhanced in the art of blocking, dodging, and prioritizing the use of your magicka/stamina in battles.  Gone are the days of auto-atk and standing in one spot mashing buttons, yet this game also eliminated all the boringness of mashing hotkeys while running in circles like other modern MMOs.9)  Social aspects.  You can belong to 5 guilds for multiple purposes like socializing, trading with guild auctioneers, PvE, PvP etc.  Given the amount of guilds you can belong to, and one giant clustered server housing all players, there is enough social activity during most times while playing.  You can literally play in a group or solo and still feel like you are just a part of the bigger picture in the world around you."
,Not Recommended,306130,31187749,Posted: 16 April,all,Enki,"Before purchasing the game there are some things a new player should know.Bag space is very limited unless you also purchase the Plus Subscription. Whilst playable it makes crafting difficult as there are many crafting materials. The subscription costs $24 (NZD) a month.Some quest lines I.E. Dark Brotherhood, Thieves Guild are DLC and have to purchased with crowns ranging $20-40 each. Or you can buy the Gold version of the game for a cheaper deal. More ways to suck money out of an unsuspecting new player who chose the cheaper option to begin with.There a lot of basic features missing from the game that require third-party addons to remedy. I.E. a minimap.There are some game store items to make life a lot easier (portable banker or merchant) but also are not cheap ~$40 each.Last but not least: refunding is almost impossible. Launching the game brings up the game's launcher which proceeds to download ~40GB of patches. If you've got a slow connection your 2 hour refund window is gone before you can even play. That doesn't include the hour you could spend creating a character or the hour spent in the tutorial area.Please do yourselves a favour and read the other negative reviews for the real story before purchasing.Since I am now stuck with the game I will continue to play it but will not be pouring all my money into it."
,Recommended,306130,19276814,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,UnnaturalSelection,Sooo much fun! Just make sure you play with a party otherwise it will take forever to get anywhere in the game and wont be as fun either
76561198204425864,Recommended,306130,26721668,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Miffy,this game is the best
,Not Recommended,306130,33817989,Posted: 26 July,all,KnightLurker,"DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!Endless loading screens, unresponsive devs.The game is pretty great the two or three hours I've actually gotten to play. But since launch (before Steam), the same problems have plagued this game, as Google will show you. The devs simply do not care. They will blame your computer instead of fixing the issue. Doesn't matter what computer you have, its still your fault.Its a crying shame Steam won't refund me for ESO: Loading Screen. So I offer this warning to others."
76561198078765230,Not Recommended,306130,19559476,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Paddu,"Make no mistake, my playtime is 100% from the update launcher."
76561197973078335,Not Recommended,306130,23936056,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TheQcLion,"The game is Meh, there is no better way to describe it, it's subpar. Subpar combat, subpar armor and weapons. The world is nice but that's the only beautiful part of the game. uite frankly there are better MMO's out there that give you this and more; Guild Wars 2 for example, far superiour in every aspect. Including the story.Don't even get this to try it, installing and patching the game takes 4 hours  at the very least and with the 2 hour refund you're pretty much screwed if you try to get one after (Yes the launcher counts as hours played.) I've tried with steam and they didn't want to help and the official company couldn't either due to me buying it through Steam.Even if you DO want to try it don't get it through Steam, buy it from Bethesda directly. I believed the reviews of ""Oh there's so much more now"" and I don't knw how bad it was at launch, I do know it was very much negatively recieved but this is just boring. All the peoples doubts are true, in my mind of how poor this game performed even with all the potential it could of had wit the Elder Scrolls IP. Then again of course the people who have had it at first will have a more positive view of the game if they compare it to before but comparing it to other MMO's it's meh to bellow meh.My suggestion, don't buy it. If you do, do it through Bethesda so that if you want a refund you have a better chance."
76561197965770685,Recommended,306130,24415342,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,GoodGameGary,Hands down the best b2p mmorpg. Very basic sword and shield/wizardry game. The story will pull you in. Doesn't feel like a grind. The combat could be better but it's holds true to the very basic class/characters. Crafting system is one of the best I've ever seen.
76561198060486119,Recommended,306130,24433506,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,SilentLegend,"After 200+ hours of gameplay i think i can write an honest review.As far as class goes, they are all fun with the right build. Some more than others.After messing with my own builds i searched for info on more precise builds and with a few tweaks of my own i found the game far more entertaining.Starting out can seem a little tedious, but if you persist and take the time to process the mass amounts of information thrown at you then you will enjoy the game.Between quests, lore, skills, gear, pvp, guilds, dlc etc..... there is an enormous game just waiting to be explored.Once you get the basics and start to level up to the point of completing the campaign, you get the option to complete the quests from the other factions.Then you have the dlc's. I must admit that i have not spent much time doing dlc stuff or even pvp but that's how big this game is.At this time i don't even have a guild. Playing solo has actually been quite enjoyable. Guilds are the way to go but if you enjoy solo play it is very possible and as fun as you want it to be.Personally i don't have as much time to play ESO as i would like and some of the guilds enforce fee's so i just haven't bothered with them yet.Quests and exploration blend together and before you know it you have cleared a complete map area.With the help of a few Addons for Skyshards etc... you can explore at you leisure, and gather ingredients, wood etc.. so that when you hit your next town you can bank what you wanna keep and top up with potions, learn new traits etc...There is just so much to keep you occupied in ESO.Graphically, ESO is beautiful. The maps are well designed and clutter is almost minimal in parts, but with a decent PC and good internet connection you could find yourself staring at the horizon for a moment before setting off on another adventure.Yes, some of the quests are not exactly exciting and there are a few very small issues, but ESO is an awesome way to pass the time. Solo or otherwise.This is a game everyone should have in their library. :)"
,Recommended,306130,24560795,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Acts of Coquetry,"At first i was like wtf is this - But now that im starting to understand things it's definitely dawning on me that this game is pretty damn interesting once you grasp the concepts and what not. I started out solo just stealing a bunch of junk items unsure of what to do, but now I have guild buds and a steady knowledge (still dont know everything) of what to do and how to do it. Werewolf p cool too, although graphically degrading in comparison to Skyrim. I look at past videos of ESO and the graphics seemed like they were utter♥♥♥♥♥♥back then, but it seems like they have improved a LOT, unlike some other games where developers update in tangents and take♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of time to fix the problems that are most obvious and needed.I'd recommend it, and seeking out friends enhances the experience too!Friendly community, I haven't seen any toxicity other than when i called someone a hoe for taking my chest loot when i was emptying my inventory where he then said &quot♥♥♥♥♥u"" lmao"
76561198072847660,Recommended,306130,24719895,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Ramiro,"This game has got me playing it non-stop. the PVE/PVP combat system is very customizable and one of the most fun I've experienced in a very long time. Will definitively teach you about resource management. Voice acting is pretty good, storylines are pretty good, world is beautiful and immersive. To be honest, for the price I could not find a significant downside other than you have to pay a few extra bucks for some DLC, which imo is pretty worth it, stacking hours upon hours of gameplay,11/10 it's a masta peece"
76561198280653240,Recommended,306130,24816681,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,jorri02,this game is the best mma i have ever playd the only thing classes do is give you some skills and no mater what class you are you can use every weapon so long as you are the right level. ther are lots and lots of thing you can do and many things you can unlock. if you whant you can steal and murder but if someone finds out you get bounty so the guards will run after you when thay catch you 3 options come up 1. pay the bounty 2. fight the guard 3. run away. over all one of the best games i have ever playd with the worst problom being it takes up a lot of storege space.
,Recommended,306130,25261469,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,mastermack0,"Many speak about the original version. The corrected edition: Tamriel Unlimited, is PHENOMENAL. Amazing story, amazing characters. It's weird to say but this tops Skyrim I think.I'll explain it clearer (no spoilers):You can pick any race but it will pick your alliance too (don't worry, you can have up to 8 characters. 11 if you are willing to delete them; Also, completion of the main quest allows you access to the other 2 alliances and their storylines for that character).Main story: Several quests, they open up as you level up. The final quests require you to finish your alliance's quests as well, before you can unlock it.Alliance quests: Basically, when you start off, you technically have access to 4-5 regions (based on your alliance). You are supposed to complete them one after each other, fairly linearly. That's fine. The reason is: 1. The levels increase 2. The story progresses as you traverse the regionIn addition to your alliance quest: each region has multitude of quests unrelated. Every city/village has 1 or more quests to complete. Do them!~ They are greatIn addition, several dungeons exist with their own quests. Every region has ONE dungeon that requires a team to complete. Unnecessary storywise, but it unlocks: skills, items, a new quest. it's worth it but if you never make enough friends to do it, you miss nothing major.Skills: Great! All unique and useful. But not necessary.As I said, every alliance is unique. Every alliance has AMAZING characters and GREAT storylines. I owned the game without the steam browser so you can't see how much I actually played. It has to be 200+ hours. And I beat all alliances at least twice.BUY IT. As for expansions: Ignore Imperial City, but Orsinium is great. Haven't tried the rest."
,Recommended,306130,24461125,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Wolantis_PleaseDie,I really enjoy this game but before you buy you should either wait for a sale or play with friends because its a lot more fun that way
,Recommended,306130,24565928,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,FalcanX,"Elder Scrolls Online is a great game where you can meet very supportive veteran players and have a fantastic time whether enjoying the PVP, PVE, thieving, watching the amazing scenery and/or more!10/10"
,Recommended,306130,24623898,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Helen_Blakely,Awesome!
,Recommended,306130,25128480,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Linna3us,"I wrote a previous review about the game but I felt that now that I have played it more and am more experienced I should write a more in depth review.Right off the bat THIS IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE SKYRIM OR OBLIVION THIS IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE SKYRIM OR OBLIVION  THIS IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE SKYRIM OR OBLIVION  THIS IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE SKYRIM OR OBLIVION  THIS IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE SKYRIM OR OBLIVION  THIS IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE SKYRIM OR OBLIVION  THIS IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE SKYRIM OR OBLIVION  THIS IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE SKYRIM OR OBLIVION  THIS IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE SKYRIM OR OBLIVION  THIS IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE SKYRIM OR OBLIVION  THIS IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE SKYRIM OR OBLIVION  THIS IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE SKYRIM OR OBLIVION  THIS IS NOT ANYTHING LIKE SKYRIM OR OBLIVIONThis is a MMORPG, do not expect this to be like skyrim, this is a MMO. Although I hate to compare this game to WoW, or TERA, this game is more like those games than it is Skyrim. This game has abilities, passive abilities, classes, and races that all matter when building your character. You cannot kill the guards in cities. THEY WILL KILL YOU. When your noob a$$ hits level 10, DO NOT expect to be able to kill people just as easy as you can kill mobs. I would also like to add that the only way this game is like Skyrim is the lore. This game will let you dig into the lore of Tamriel extensively. If you take your time to read the lore books some of it is actually very interesting.I would also like to mention that you first character build will most likely be♥♥♥♥♥♥ You will have no idea what you're doing UNLESS you follow a build for a character. I highly reccomend googling easy to play PVE (Player vs Environment) character, UNLESS you are a experienced MMO player OR you have a friend whos a high level helping you out.This game is not P2W (Pay to Win)This game is rather grindy to hit a level where you can actually do things in PVP. Your first play through can take a very long time to hit level 50 and it is rather hard. Grind out those quests if it is your first time playing.ALSO buy ESO Plus, if you happen to like the game. It's well worth it. You get access to all the DLC and you get to access Imperial City/Sewers and it has a ton of PVP (Player vs Player) & and bosses to fight. It makes your game experience better in my opinion."
,Recommended,306130,25169970,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Balcoran,This is a perfect mix of single player style and multiplayer style.
76561197979651548,Not Recommended,306130,20528975,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Captain Zap,"I bought this game on Steam during the Christmas sale.  The game kept crashing at character creation, so I requested a refund and got my money back. Still during the sale, I decided to give it another try and purchased a key from Steam. I was able to create a character (cool) and play the game....for one day. The next day I received an email from Elder Scrolls Online saying I had purchased a fraudulent key and they invalidated my key so I could no longer play the game. I filed a ticket with both ESO and Steam. ESO never responded, and Steam replied with an automatic response saying it wasn't their problem. So basically, Steam is in the business of selling fake CD keys. Good job...."
76561198096954394,Recommended,306130,24409155,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Zanouk,Good game!Pros:Graphics excellentGameplay excellentContent explosiveStoryline goodValue for money - YESCons:No more family life...
76561198171500014,Recommended,306130,24801201,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,NecroShade,"Skyrim with friends, nuff said"
,Recommended,306130,25398998,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Robear,"I was really skeptical of this game prior to purchasing it. I'm a huge fan of the Elder Scroll series and was really put off by reviews claiming that this was a vanilla MMO with an ""Elder Scrolls Skin."" After playing this for ~150 hours, I have to say I wholly disagree.First of all, the best MMO ever was Asherons Call. That is the bar by which I measure this game and all MMO's. I played WoW when it first came out, but I found it boring quickly (before hitting level max). I find that most MMO's, especially those that try to emulate WoW, have a quest system that makes you feel like you're doing chores. ""Do this, fetch this, please save my daughter."" Rinse and repeat. The excitement to level progression, loot, and crafting just wasn't enough to keep me playing.The biggest selling point to this game is Content, hands-down. If you liked Skyrim and Oblivion because you felt immersed in the world, this game has the same feel. If you loved Skyrim and am looking for the next one, this will definitely satisfy. This has all of the excitement of a single-player MMO, but you share the world with other players. You can group or go solo. You can wander the world and take any quest, just like the single player series (Thanks to the One Tamriel update). Frankly, this should be the new bar by which all MMO's are measured, usurping WoW. This is exactly what you'd want an RPG in a large, shared world should play like. The quests feel unique and interesting. The world is absolutely beautiful and immersive.There's a lot to talk about with respect to this game. The battle system limits you to 5 abilities and an ""ultimate."" No more action bars with 324802 options. This means that while you have a wide variety in how you build a character, how you play him in a group is a strategic decision. I love this. There are over 500 skill points to spend, but you never feel overwhelmed by what to choose next. It's quite possibly the best skill tree ever created. I remember being impressed with ""Path of Exile"" because of the skill tree, but it was overwhelming.Crafting is great. PvP is great. Questing is great. Battle system is great. PvE is great. World is great. Everything seems really well balanced. Ultimately there's so much content with the DLC's that I'm not sure you'll ever run out of things to do.I highly recommend getting the ESO subscription, and treating the non-subscription version as a demo. Yes, it's $15/mo. But the devs have committed to 1 DLC / quarter, which is ~$40/DLC, which is worth it. Each DLC adds quite a lot of content. The subscription also gives you coins (premium currency), and more than enough to never feel like you're missing out.If you like RPG's, really immersive RPGs, you will absolutely love this game. It's exactly what you'd expect an Elder Scrolls MMO to be. It's everything that made Elder Scrolls great and everything that makes MMO's great wrapped into one, with the ONLY caveat being the subscription (which IMO isn't really a cavat, considering the massive content updates they provide)."
76561197965400697,Recommended,306130,25023625,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Kitapuff,"B-best G-game for sh-shanking.. sh-shanking.. lots of sh-shanking! Pickpocketing and g-getting caught.. l-lets see you do it at 80% Pffft! Wanna steal and murder aimlessly for hours, this is your game. Traveling is pretty cool, connect the star dots and BEAM ME UP DARK MOTHER!"
,Recommended,306130,25044924,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Dark_lore,its a good game good story and its not bad overall.
76561198265175025,Recommended,306130,24487437,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,bryant.hernandez001,ghenf
,Recommended,306130,26689807,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,BE GONE THOT,Infinite loading screen simulator 2016. |halp me!!!!
,Recommended,306130,28023562,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zygossvurun,"When Elder Scrolls Online was preparing to lauch, and during it's launch, I was skeptical. I never got it, but my friends got it day 1, and played the beta. They were dissapointed into oblivion, it wasn't what they were expecting. 2 years later, it was on sale, and I had money to blow.So I picked this up for 10.00$ initally (No DLC, and I did play quite a bit of the free weekend before purchasing it). It changed monumentally from inital release, I immediatly bought it for my friends, and I got the first 4 DLC's (Gold edition) half off. It was more than worth it, and I'm going to play it for a long time to come.  Just to cover some of my more favorite changes:Level scaling: used to do it like World of Warcraft, where areas decided levels; howver, they put a scaling system that affects everything.Subscrition fees: Completely removed. No longer do you have to pay for a sub to play the game. You buy it, and it's yours to play.Beyond just the changes, they do a good job with lore as well. Just like in Skyrim, there are books everywhere, with tons of story to them. You have all your races, along with the fact that you can basically go anywhere in the game, that's in the lore (excepting some of the places, but I'am almost certain they are going to add everything, and some of the most noted places are there anyway).There's really only one important thing to note: Don't go into this game, when you get it, as it being Skyrim. It is not online skyrim. This is the elder scrolls online, and MMORPG. That means things like combat, and stats have change a fair bit. Other than that, I recommend the hell outta' this game. It's one of few games that can keep me up till 7:00 AM on a school night."
,Recommended,306130,23406965,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,vebzA -.-,goood gameee
,Recommended,306130,22854930,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Isotope-63,"I am relatively new to the game, and have only reached level 27, but what I have played has rivaled that of Skyrim. Don't get me wrong, Skyrim will always have a special place in my heart, but ESO has given me much high-quality gameplay.My only complaint is the insane prices for DLC. (You just buy premium currency to acquire DLC). One DLC may cost up to 20 USD, for just adding access a new provice, and pet."
,Recommended,306130,22885858,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Harkon_Blood-Lord,"I truly enjoy this game and look forward to the upcoming Dark Brotherhood DLC, I myself started playing The Elder Scrolls on the game The Elder Scrolls III Morrowind and have been a fan since.I highly recommend this game to you Elder Scrolls fans out there that do not have it yet."
,Recommended,306130,15042166,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,TigerLove,"i still have much to learn about this game...but i'll post a review to give my feelings about the game...this is a great MMORPG keeping the way Elder Scrolls work and adding MMO-style to itthe universe looks really nice, the battles are fun, well i'm more comfortable with ranged classes and fast classes but i've started with a tank anyways i've played in beta, but i couldn't afford to pay to play :3so this is great they made it buy-to-play even though it was predictable because now-a-days a lot of mmo's doesn't survive pay-to-play stylei was worried that the shop and other extra things were going to be pay-to-win, i've heard it wasn't too much pay-to-win, so i baught in, took the 80€ pack to have a tad more of the content :3i went in checked the world out more and checked the shop as well, i saw i've also had 500 crowns, i checked the items prices and then went to see how much crowns cost and that seemed like a very low price anyways, i've played other games, i will say the name of a free to play game with a shop, Trove, which i love and play every day and which is also very fun, but when i compare the prices of trove credits and those of ESO crowns, i see a BIG difference, both have cosmetic items, though in trove it's not too hard to be able to get them free, i'm not sure about ESO yetbut i would recommend this game at 1000% (no typo here :p) because of it being fun, and the quests are great, all dialogs have voice acting for lazy readers like me :D and there's just many random things to dosome of the things i like best is checking for items i can steal and take the things that i would need to sell to the thiefs... that's a great point about this game, i've heard later on there will be players that can capture the thiefing players xD i'll see about that later, still sounds fun, i'm sure they'll make it good, like many other things they've added to the gamethere's being able to chose between werewolf or vampire, sad to know most players sell that because... well the monsters give it freely, if you have luck in getting infected, but i do also know some players kill those monsters, either by accident or purpously to sell the infectionbut it's easy to get gold in the game anyways even with only NPC-selling items :3and also once you are infected and do the quest to become either a werewolf or vampire... you can then as well give infections to players, sell them if you want, so you'll get your gold back out of it anyways... i do understand that it takes a week to recharge, also need to be rank 6 of the specific option you chose so either you have friends or people you'd want to help so you have to be carefull on chosing, though there's many weeks in a life time anyways xDor just sell them for a price that anyone can get in a little day of playing :pi find the players to be helpfull when we ask them questions about the game, or to help us, there's always people around to help on the same quests, beat monsters and bosses... as a solo-player-type well sometimes they do get ""in my way"" even if it also completes my quests or help me go a little faster to do them... but it does bother SOMEtimes, not always, but that's just me xDthere's so many different builds we can chose, it doesn't seem like it at first... it also takes some time to get used to, not knowing how the skills work, or not liking their effects... of cours apparently there's a respec skill NPC somewhere in big cities so that should be good once getting used to :3you have to understand that even with the battle style they use, it is still an MMORPG, not skyrim, not the other game of this series, so yes there will be some skills you'll have to properly lock on the monsters for the skills to take effect, there are also AOE skills of course :p which are greati might have missed some points, i don't do PVP, i'm not into PVP.... i pretty much hate it anyways... you probably will have to go to the pvp zone at some point, at least to get more skyshards or something like that (don't remember their names XD) anyways to get more skill points... there are also apparently quests there too, i don't know what they give so there are probably informations online anyways for what you would need to do once you have found something nice to be done ^^there's 8 character slot, enough to try out all your favorite style gameplay/classesi haven't done any ""big"" dungeons yet but it's not an obligation either... unless maybe for some rare items you MIGHT needs (like in some other mmorpg, i don't know XD )still have a lot to do on the game, it takes some time to learn it all, there will be more content added to it as well, of course...so... just go and have some fun!! :D(message written when i was a level 21 imperial dragon knight thingy with werewolf addition... but my main will probably be a healer, later on ^w^ i know i'm still low level and new to the game but this is just some informations i could gather in my play time without any of my friends playing this xD and as a solo player so hope this review still counts for you all future players <3 )"
76561198030839650,Recommended,306130,26233772,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Smokie,"Can't review past ESO and present ESO as I only have seen or played ESO as of late october 2016.  Heard when it launched it sucked but has been updated to players needs and wants.Pros:- Great graphics- Great soundtrack- Impressive voices and are clear and human-like.- Runs very smoothly (even on low end machines)- Size of the map is pretty big and will give you hundreds of hours of gameplay- No subscription fees (although there is ESO membership you can buy if you want for added features and gameplay)- Character creation is pretty in depth- Cooking and crafting similar to other ES games- No restrictions on who you can interact with online and open map for any alliance you choose- Player duels- Quests are unique and not repetitive quest (no kill 3 mobs, kill 5 mobs, kill 3 mobs, kill 3 mobs, kill 3 mobs, kill 3 mobs)- Towns are nicely laid out and not confusing- Level up and form a character of your choice- Battle system plays like other ES games- Stealth system- Landscape is well made and no repetitive scenery- Player guilds- Friendly and helpful community.  No trolls or newbie bashing...like WOW.Cons:- HUGE download and update- Hard to find people to actually play with.  Easy to find help but seems to be a ""go at your own solo pace"" rather than a group up and do quests/events/level up.- Needs grouped instanced events and more player interaction- CD KEY ACTIVATION:  No where do they mention activation of CD KEY by redeeming it via website during installation or activation of account.  Took me 2 days and a support ticket to find this out...."
,Recommended,306130,16945725,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Party Wizard,there's a dark elf with a british accent. 10/10
76561198079213564,Not Recommended,306130,33775599,Posted: 24 July,all,dylanhglenn,"The game seems great. Some of the story stuff is really well written and the voice acting is surprisingly good. The combat is fun, though much jankier than some similar games. All in all, I'm having a good time playing it, but I simply can't reccomend it because:The servers are garbage. Booted atleast once ever other time I play.There are a lot of pay for convienience microtransations. It isn't strictly pay-to-win, but it isn't extra content you buy either. Lots of things that absolutely should come standard are locked behind a pay wall. Unless you pay extra, inventory management will be a nightmare, you can't dye outfits, and there are pointless restrictions on what race you can play with what faction. It's all a shameless ploy to get your money. In some games with microtransactions I feel like I'm supporting the developer and I'm happy to spend $20 every now and then. In this game I feel like I'm being fleeced. Not to mention even the old dlc's are undiscounted, so to buy the entire game outright would cost you well over $100. Simply absurd."
76561198046744603,Not Recommended,306130,35192319,Posted: 24 September,all,bugsplat1,"PRO: -Game is beautifull with expansive diversified zones-Guild are alive, friendly with active members.-Lots and lots of quests-Crown system doesn't seems to favor those who buy into it.-In some of the quests you receive frequent random positive feedback from npc afterward.-Dungeons and ""dolmen"" aplenty. Most public, some personal one.CON: -There's very little reward for playing this game. As you level up so does all your enemies. You do get bonus point to focus your charaters  but no matter what, it take the same amount of time to kill the same mobs from level one or level 30.- Plenty of abilities to develop but only 5 assigned hot keys to use them at one time.-Random loots is 99.9 (.999) merchant fodder and not very lucrative.-Quest tend to be very repetive. Not much ""collect 20 pelt by killing 50 wolf type"" but ""Go see buddy (kill mobs in between) who tell you to kill someone (kill mobs in between) go back to buddy (kill mobs in between) that tell you that your'e done or to see next guy to continue and (guess what, kill mobs in between) and so on""-They put ""brakes"" on training your mount (min cost 10 000g). You can only train for one 250g mount point a day on either speed, stamina or carrying. Each has 60 levels. Which means that it take 180 days (6 months) to fully train it at  cost of 45000g. That, is if you log on every day.-Plenty of mob and enemies but they seems to fight all the same way. Some do have missile abitlities some don't, that's about it.IN CONCLUSION: after 86 hours of play I barely scratched the surface of all the contents BUT nothing appealled to me to go any further in this beautifull rewardless game either. Maybe if you give it a try you'll like it but I can't so far.I'm thinking of deleting it to gain back this huge amount of memory on my HD."
76561198001879083,Recommended,306130,31501647,Posted: 2 May,all,Johnk2010Gr,"ESO is a very good game with majestic graphics, enormus maps with countless quests to do. It's the first mmorpg game that i play and i can finish my quests the same time with other players without waiting for AIS respawn. The only disadvantage is how big thew game is and how much time it takes to download. Also the first time i tried to install the ESO launcher glitched and it tokk me 2 days to make it play, but after all it was worth it. I totally recommend it."
,Recommended,306130,26951850,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NecroFoxx,8 / 10
76561197976071023,Not Recommended,306130,31160857,Posted: 15 April,all,GeneralAmnesie,"Don´t. Just don´tShort version:Utterly generic MMORPG - ripoff with questionable technical implemetationLong version:I love Tamriel. I spent hundreds of hours in both Morrowind and Skyrim. I just started another playthrough in Morrowind, and I still love it, it feels immersive, interesting, thrilling, fascinating, soothing, deep, aesthetically pleasing (especially with the fantastic overhaul some dedicated fans provide).Memorize these adjectives. Pretty much sums up what ESO is fundamentally lacking.Not only in comparison to ElderScroll games, but even to contemporary games in general. Including the shoddy low- budget end of the market.I consider it quite a feat to achieve this, given the vast story background of the Tamriel Saga, and the fact that ESO is set in an age not featured yet, but where decisive  events for the history of Tamriel take place. To take part in them was a main reason why I let myself be persuaded to purchase ESO. Ok, it´s an MMO, and I am more the SP-type, but could be interesting, just ignore that the maps will be flooded by tourists.I never thought i could be disappointed by Tamriel to that extent that I am now.I installed the launcher. It then told me that I am to download and install the actual game. Which is a whooping 60GB (!) download. With installation time to match. Installation broke. I validated the game files...and DID IT ALL AGAIN!Ok. Next weekend. Now we are ready.Character customization: really great, stunning graphics. Big anticipation. I spent the better part of 2h building an Argonian that looked exactly like I envisioned, and fit his fictious vita: a grizzled, aged veteran, witch some scars and a serious paunch he collected over the years.--SPOILER: Now I spend my time mostly under my first self-assembled helmet, that does not fit the character model at all, is way too big to be of any practical use, covers most of the areas I spent time on designing, and, frankly, looks like a boiled-leather pisspot that I, I realized, won´t get rid off any time soon.I searched the forums for a way to supress the model (possible in many games), and I found serious discussions by ""veteran"" players against the opinions of newcomers like me, arguing that such a feature would be ""unrealistic"". In a fantasy game soaked with magic. ROFL! guys.....come ON!Ok, so now here my proud, stout Argonian battle veteran roams Tamriel: Two pathetically blinking lizard eyes under the shadow of a boiled leather thundermug. Looking like he was very recently bullied HARD in the schoolyard, or is a very enduring elder sibling. But anyway...oh well, what the hell, MMORPG, I was prepared to put up with stuff like this.--I started the game.I was spawned into some kind of hellish dungeon, and, without explanation, singled out and picked up by a strange, rather good-looking (considered the location, and the fact that we are dead), if somewhat grimy, Nord woman to embark on an enigmatic, mostly unexplained tutorial mission that turned out to be absolutely nonsensical to the point of hilarity, and became crowded with utterly clueless folks till the end.Ok, hey, tutorial mission.We all gotta start somewhere, and it IS hard to make a tutorial mission somewhat immersive and non-generic...well...first fail here.Ok, we get spawned into the REAL Tamriel...and nothing changes...the game stays the same...generic, nonsensical, devoid of any motivation to start climbing the near-inexistent learning curve.Where ElderScroll-Games had an intricate system of object properties to explore, experience to gather, character skills to develop, that really changed how the game felt and how you would behave in-game, ESO is watered down to a point where the RPG in MMORPG isn´t even fun any more: Whereas in other games, you need a specific set of materials, to built a piece of equipment with somewhat unique properties, in ESO, any object from a class requires the exact same materials, and styles are merely distinguished by a special ingredient you have to buy or loot...but then again, styles don´t make sense anyway, as the objects have comparable properties across the styles, and you can wear what you like (or loot).You learn by buying or reading books. Point. Ya, right... not much incentive to actually play the game, is there?Battle experience is used to unlock some nifty moves. Not like, getting more efficient with certain weapon types. Noooo, nonono. Nifty moves for your quick-draw.Quests and missions: OMG. This is it, I think. That broke me. I can´t play longer than 2h, or else my brains start seeping out from my ears and nostrils.Some start nice, like a wife being distraught over her husbands disappearance. Then you follow the family dog (nice move, but, like, couldn´t she have done that herself?), around the corner of the barn, and there is someone severly injured lying on the beach a few yards away. It turns out to be her husband, who tells you a horrifying story about how he almost died several times in the last few hours, and on your question how you might offer help, answers"" Thanks for talking to me"", jumps to his feet and RUNS HOME, to a wife who doesn´t notice...Most are the generic usual: Get quest, rush there, encounter hordes of low-level, unmotivated  enemies nobody warned you off, rip, snarl, tear, pounce pounce pounce, loot, bloody loot, there is the marker, stand in line for your objective to respawn, press ""E"", done, off to the next.....what was it, we actually did there? errhh..no idea, doesn´t matter.No, it really does not matter, because the assignments I so far encountered where invariably so generic, nonsensical, uninspired, daft and shallow, I quickly stopped reading and listening, because it HURT, even more so as I was in actual bloody TAMRIEL, the continent and history of my dreams! At times even preferable to my everyday life. Down to history, politics and religion.Ah, politics, yeah. There was said to be some grim civil war between three (nice move to avoid the black-and -white scheme, btw. If it only worked...) factions unfolding. Well there are some sinister figures lurking around, with clearly evil  intent, that we must protect our citizens from, and occasionally slaughter for the greater good (ours).Thats it. We: good guys. Empathic, caring, in danger of loosing home and loved ones. They: Evil, greedy, sinister, brutal. To be killed on sight.What a bummer, compared to Skyrim or Morrowind, games that regularly made you second-guess your loyalties and morals...There was said to be some consequence to your choice of loyalty, but that apparently vanished. Most guild memberships appear to be restricted. Ok. Guilds that merely exist to trade collectibles, or stand around and chat. Ok, here my being an SP-type shows: I can´t seem to get the hang of MMO-guilds. Never did. I am interested in the games. And in people sharing interests with me. 2Mio folks on the server is just an anonymous mass I can´t connect to, not even in the confinements of a 3k-ppl-guild of folks i don´t know, and probably never will meet, and of which ~98% are way too far up in the game for me to actually play WITH them. As in, ""together"".And I really enjoy figuring games out by myself, and not being told at every step what the most efficient (stats-wise or creds-wise) next move is. That apparently makes me antisocial in extant MMOs. Fair enough.29h into the game, and it still does not feel like Tamriel.It feels like a rather nice texture mod applied to the popular first part of an MMORPG by NCSoft. Except that there the missions worked, and the story line, albeit shallow, made sense somehow.If you play MMO as a chatroom with facultative farming if nobody talks to you: give it a try.I wrote this while doing a complete (!) re-install, including 13GB-fix for failed files after moving my steam folder. I´ll keep on searching a game worth playing in ESO. Check my comments for added insight."
,Recommended,306130,33736978,Posted: 22 July,all,MidnightZero1412,k
,Not Recommended,306130,31990373,Posted: 27 May,all,Jinkory,"IMHO, the game looks kinda dead. Was queing like 30 mins to an hour for a dungeon and sometimes you pair up with quitters and have to wait yet another 30 mins for someone new to join in. Not suitable if you are starting the game now. Everyone usually already have their own group. So many dungeons and yet its not rewarding enough to make people to queue for it so it sucks if you don't have friends playing this game. Subscribed for ESO Plus for 3 months and I only play for a month since the game doesn't offer much things to do. I'm at CP 250 and the only thing I see CP600 do are either AvA or repeatatitive boring trials and daily pledges.That being said, if you like ES series/lore, you should play the game to know more about it. But in the end for myself, the combat/gameplay/content/addons/ESO Plus subscriptions is not worth the time and money."
,Not Recommended,306130,32297101,Posted: 9 June,all,Karvapall,"Don't get me wrong, it's not that bad of a game but...Morrowind ""expansion"" is not worth the price they are asking... just adds island, class - it is more like dlc with heavy price!"
76561198046534451,Not Recommended,306130,33916948,Posted: 30 July,all,Teros,"Disclosure: I haven’t PvP’d much yet and played mostly solo, or done group finder dungeons. Highest level is 35 (taking it slowly), but I also have a 20 and some low levels. Don’t trust steam hours, it counts when the launcher is on, not your actual playtime. (I afk’d on the launcher/logged out a bit, in reality I have about 60 hours in total)I'm going to be in the minority on this game, but I believe there are things that need to be said. I’ve watched/read many reviews on the game before I bought it. I’ve also participated in the beta, way back then. And I can’t say many things have changed from what I remember. I still plan to play the game, but I’m a weird masochist, and the sidequest stories are fun. The rest, not so much.TL;DR:1. Quests - Nothing new – Kill/collect/talk. Stories are pretty damn good tho, but it’s repetitive as hell. (Also, puzzles kinda suck, just waste time and are too easy). Choices = 0 value.2. Variety – Monsters are reused often, even bosses are sometimes basic monsters. Quest objectives are always the same old. Monsters behave completely the same.3. Combat - Wonky animations, same as in Beta. Kind of slow feeling for an action system, spammy abilities kill variety.4. Races – Some offer serious bonuses to you build/class. Choose wisely, or regret later. (or pay crowns – real money - for a race change)5. Play the way you want – Lies. Hybrids don’t really work and most things are BiS. Play the way you want only if you don’t care about being weaker.6. The illusion of choice – Summarised above. Quest choices are meaningless. Race choices are too important.7. Tamriel unlimited – The lack of growth. Everything grows and levels with you, so while you’ll never be weak, you’ll never be strong. Everything takes pretty much the same time to die at level 10, as at level 30.So, down there is almost 650 words, explaining things in more detail. If you’ve only read the TL;DR, you might wonder for whom this game is?Story nerds, like myself. For all its faults, I want to keep playing and hear more stories from Tamriel. But I can only stomach 3 hours a day, otherwise the flaws make me want to eat my own eyes and♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my ears.The game feels unpolished, rough and repetitive.If you’ve read its faults and still want to play, go ahead, more power to you! I’d buy the base game and try it first, as you really need to feel it out a bit. I regret buying the Gold edition and probably won’t buy Morrowind tbh.A decent secondary game to play in short sessions for the story.1. Quests. Most people I’ve seen talking about ESO said the questing is a unique experience. Don’t get me wrong, I love the voice acting (90% is spot on, which is impressive, considering how much of it is there), the small stories in each and every one of them. BUT its always the same. Kill X amount, collect X amount, talk here and there. There are minor differences, where you aren’t killing 9 monsters, but defeating 3 waves of 3 monsters. You aren’t picking up items, you’re putting out fires. In essence, it’s the same damn thing that keeps going on and on and on and on…2. Variety. Probably my biggest gripe. Not only are the quests pretty damn similar in objectives (again, not in stories), but you keep fighting the same monsters/humanoids until you’re sick of them. They behave the same, use the same attacks, etc. You might get a colour/attack swap in a new zone, but that doesn’t do much. And once you meet a new monster, prepare to see it million times over.Worst of all, even some bosses are made with generic monsters. So for every new and interesting design, you will get tens of bland ones you’ve met a thousand time, but maybe in a blue colour, instead of red.3. Combat. My other big gripe tbh. It’s fairly slow (especially in PvE), the only hecting thing is rebuffing and keeping track of it. Animations are… wonky. Especially for light/heavy attacks in melee. PvE is also rather spam heavy, as you’ll likely have one BiS attack with highest damage, that you’ll spam until you break it’s hotkey on your board.Haven’t PvP’d much yet, as I want to do that at endgame.4. Races. Sure, there are plenty of them, but some have pretty big advantages for your class. Maybe you don’t care, but I certainly do and it’s my review, so buzz off. Because of this, you might not win that PvP match. Not have enough regen to keep healing well enough in a dungeon. Might not get accepted into a big guild.It’s not too big of a problem for some people I guess, but it’s worth knowing, if you want your character to be the best it can be.5. “Play the way you want to play”Hahahahaha… No, just no. Wanna play a hybrid? A magic user who’s good with weapon skills? Tough ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, you won’t be nearly as good as other builds. This game has the illusion of classlessness, but in reality, there are playstyles that crush anything else. Be it in DPS, Healing, or tanking survivability. Wanna use bows/melee weapons? Better be a stamina user, or you won’t do♥♥♥♥♥♥ Wanna use staves? Better be a magika user or you won’t do ♥♥♥♥. Wanna be a hybrid? Sure, if you don’t mind gimping yourself and sucking at both things you’re mixing together.6. The Illusion of choice.As mentioned above, your choices are limited. Not only in race and class, where some will be better for your build, but also in quests. Your choices don’t matter as soon as the quest is done. Rewards are mostly the same and not that important anyway.7. Tamriel united.This one is personal and you might not agree with it. That’s fine, I see it’s value. I just don’t like the level scaling. There is something satisfying about coming back to an old dungeon and crushing it with new gear and levels. Slowly progressing through a new zone and feeling it get easier. Makes you feel like you’ve grown.Here, I feel static. Enemies take the same amount of hits to kill at level 10, as they do at level 30.At least you can truly go to wherever you want and quest there. That’s why I’m saying this is not really an objective con, but it is for me."
,Not Recommended,306130,25889725,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Claus,"At last Zenimax made a a patch that crossed the red line, the scaling of gear and merging of all factions has completely murdered the enjoyment you get out of questing in your own pace.Now you see people fighting over gathering materials and people waiting for monsters to respawn everywhere while they curse at eachother, this sounds much like what you experienced in world of warcraft and there is a reason why i no longer play that game and now this.The only regret i have is that i wasted my precious time with this game and gave Zenimax the benefit of the doubt."
76561198022695788,Not Recommended,306130,31927146,Posted: 23 May,all,Hax_The_Unjust,"A very typical straight forward on rails MMORPG. The game is pretty look at and has Elder Scrolls lore but that's where it ends for me. It's built on everything RPG gamers have known within the MMORPG world for the past 10 or so years.  You create a character that looks like everyone else, you kill stuff over and over, you speedily click through the extremely repetitive collect this or go there dialog. You will do this over and over with each new zone you enter. There is no inspiration in doing anything in this game. At times you will wonder why am I even bothering. I felt no reason to explore other than being fan of Elder Scrolls lore but even then that wasn't enough when the world feels small, bland, lifeless. If you do enjoy this game or MMORPG's similar I applaud you, truly. I believe majority, but not all of the gamers involved here become zombies, end goal? Max level best gear and grind grind grind! You will feel at times you have to waste away weeks of your life grinding to aquire these things within this style of game. To what end? You will wonder was the journey worth it because it was such a bland, yet meager on rails journey.This game is nothing like Elder Scrolls series single offline variety, AKA Skyrim. However, I know they're different genres but you will play them strongly similar.  You will go through bulk of ESO alone, soloing quests. I managed to eek out 20 levels without grouping once. I couldn't stomach to continue the mindless, empty, lifeless journey of repetitiveness. I am not saying its a terrible game, but I am saying its not for me. I feel ESO can be written up as a WoW spinoff, I loved WoW when it was fresh and couple others that came out shortly after. However, I am extremely burnt out on these last gen MMORPG's. No developer seems to have the drive or talent to break out of the shadow of the most successful MMORPG of all time, very saddening. We have been force fed clone for long as I can remember and this one is barely any different.I wish steam offered a better rating system other than do you recommend Yes or No. I am middle of the road but if I am forced to pick from Yes or No, I pick No."
,Recommended,306130,33554344,Posted: 15 July,all,znandaah,"-Buys Tamriel-Has just enough disk space to install Tamriel-Has to install morrowind-not enough space-gg zenimax, looks like the next DLC i'll be buying is a hard drive"
,Not Recommended,306130,34699873,Posted: 2 September,all,Azn287,"Game has really improved since beta. However I bought a 5500 crown pack about week ago and they still haven't given me them in game. Wasted multiple hours in the support help sending screen shots of my game account, the reciept, and everything else they asked for. They claimed they fixed it this morning and my crowns would be in my account the next time i logged in. Checked 9 hours later on my account still no crowns. Cant back this game if they are litterally just stealing my money and not giving me my product that is flipping digital."
,Recommended,306130,14938213,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Bernds Bums Tips,"Walked up to a guard, heard him say:""I like crushing skulls and eating sweet rolls, but I'm all out of sweet rolls""At this moment I knew that this game was right for me."
,Recommended,306130,11669259,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Dark_echo1,One of the best MMO's i have ever played. I dont know why their are so many bad reviews this game has some of the best PvP set ups I have ever been in.
,Recommended,306130,14927089,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,WarTurtle,"There are quite a few negative reviews, and they're all coming from people that were expecting it to be something that it wasn't planned to be. So many people expected this to be ""Multiplayer Skyrim"", which it isn't. I'm glad it isn't.The combat flows very nicely, albeit the weapon swings and such aren't quite as smooth as skyrim, they are still good in their own right. The classes don't influence anything that you would see in skyrim, only the new skill sets, and you can mix and match all the different armor and weapon types no matter what class you are, none of it is restricted.There have been complaints that it isn't rewarding, but rewards come as how you see them. I'm not saying that the quests are unrewarding, or that they are he most satisfying thing ever, but I still quite happy being able to talk to an NPC and tell them that I've finished something. In some cases, you can choose who you want to turn into, or what you want to say to them, and this adds a bit of variety, even potentially changing the story.In conclusion, don't expect it to be the next Elder Scrolls game but with other players running around, and if you do that, it's quite the good and enjoyable game."
,Recommended,306130,11712535,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Anaxis,"TES with multiplayer, Its a must have for those who wish that there were other people in Tamriel. End."
76561198100347691,Not Recommended,306130,24735501,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Lazrimel,"Have 3 hours in the game and yet to log in.  Logging  in requires an access code that is sent to your email that I am not receiving. To get help with the problem you need to log in to the support page, which requires the access code. Figured I'd change my email to one that might work. Problem is, you have to log in to the support page. In researching a fix for this, I found people from two years ago with the same problem with no resolution."
76561198063358116,Recommended,306130,11829983,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,REZENTEMENT,"Well i have played 200+ hours in like 2-3 weeks, It has the feel of a single player RPG game with all the Awesome sauce of a MMORPG I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a group of people calling themselves the Naked Nords went on 3 group dungeons in a row  spree with 3 of the coolest people i have ever met online and the atmosphere feels alive but not over crowded,10/10  must play in 2014"
76561198059147476,Recommended,306130,11960286,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,jpmmaia,"I loved the crafting. It's pretty rewarding! It's awesome that we can use any weapon and armor, so we can change if we want our game style later on. I liked the skills system too. The graphics are amazing for an online game like this. I recommend this game!"
76561197973490554,Recommended,306130,11701133,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,xsvenom,I enjoy this game very much. Great community that helps out. Not too bad of a learning curve. Not sure what such a low metascore for such a great game? I feel it could use a nice price drop and get the cash from the monthly sub fee instead. Crank up the player base a bit more.
,Recommended,306130,11556082,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Voidwalker55,I would recommend this game. Only downside is it's not free to play. Or at the very least buy the game for the $60 then have it like skyrim where you can just play the game. Really it's way to expensive atm.
76561197971156583,Recommended,306130,12438090,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Her Wicness,"Love this game.  No, its not an MMO version of Skyrim but still very good, and I'm glad I played Skyrim so much because it at least made me familiar with the names, places, and general storyline.Really like that there is a first person option - I wouldn't have played it otherwise.I've had very little to no trouble with glitches, lag, etc.The only thing I don't lilke is that Craglorn is meant for groups.  I don't play in a group much so that area is pretty well inaccessible to me, kind of sucks.  The players I do group with on occasion are a number of levels behind me and can't play as often as I do so I'm stuck waiting for them to catch up before I can even consider going there.All in all I  have very much enjoyed it, and haven't yet been sorry I've paid my $15 for the month."
,Recommended,306130,12319145,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Spaceman Spiff,"this is the lovechild of skyrim and World of Warcraft. while the attempt to retain the elder scroll feel and play in an MMO environment is certainly obvious, and appreciated, there is no escaping the limitations of the MMO. Elder Scrolls has the ability to make a solo player feel like a pixelated god. my favourite parts; the beautiful scenery and first person view i came to love of Skyrim, as well as the templar class which binds restoration tree with a destruction tree feel. the parts i dislike; restriction of skills to classes, high pricetag [$60 base game, +$20 for the imperial class and a horse aka 'imperial edition,' approx $16 every month to continue playing] and massive download [[50 gig initial download, plus 10+gigs more for updates before first playing]]if you like the MMO genre, and you like Skyrim, this game is definitely for you. just bring a good computer"
,Not Recommended,306130,15613780,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Agonisus,"I bought the game recently and haven't been able to play it much due to excessive, inexplicable crashes. I tried numerous crash fixes to no avail. I spent more time recovering from crashes, submitting crash reports, and in loading screens than I did actually playing the game itself. When I attempted to get a refund for the product, the game developer's support representative advised that since it was purchased from a third party retailer (Steam), I had to go through Steam Support to obtain a refund. When I contacted Steam, I was advised that their goal was to get the product working and deflected the problem back to the developer, citing links for fixes that I had already tried on my own. No refund was provided and I still can't play. This may not be the case for everyone but it certainly was for me. I would not recommend this game to anyone."
76561198119149012,Not Recommended,306130,25344667,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Bamboozle,"I've played this game for a bit. I really enjoyed my first 1000 hours and I made a lot of friends. But the developer hasn't been willing to address the fundamental balance issues between classes - the game is like a big pendulum that keeps swinging between magicka meta and stamina meta. Last year magicka builds were stronger too strong, this year stamina builds are too strong. Looking at the changes on the most recent Public Test Server for the next patch, it appears that the direction for this game isn't towards a more balanced meta in the near future.Buy if you enjoy rerolling a flavour of the month character every six months.Avoid if you want to feel invested in one character for an extended period of time."
76561197999200228,Not Recommended,306130,17143015,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Raven_Sloth,"Well it is more fun then most of the MMOs I have played it fails to please in the coop department. There are a lot of dungeons that you can only play solo, and while some of these are plot dungeons, some of them are boss dungeons. Also if you are the party leader it is very hard to find your teammates, pulling up the map is sometimes the only way, but when you need to find the leader you have a compass marker telling you where they are. The worst part about it is that the game counts as being played when you are installing the game, meaning that if you are dissatisfied by your purchise you better refundbefore [i/] you caan launch the game. Although I know this is a problem with steam and not bethesda it makes it all the more frustrating because this game is a full price 60$, which I feel better blaming bethesda about, and the game feels like at most is worth 10."
,Recommended,306130,12180584,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Cow ✔,"It is an amazing game. I love Skyrim, its only downside was that there was no multiplayer, well TESO now has it. If you like playing a game with quests, with a new expierence for every new one, then this is a game for you. Also the third and first person modes are there, so you can play how you like. This game has PVP, Quests, Solo Quests, Crafting, and alot more. Its filled with tons of things to expierence. If you love the Elder Scrolls Series than join the rest of the fans in TESO, and this time expiernce the game together. Out of 5 stars I give this game 6.-----------------------------------------------------DISCLAIMER: IF YOU HAVE A WEAK COMPUTER THIS GAME WILL LAG ALOT."
,Recommended,306130,12196014,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Skullah Senpai,"Almost 100 hours in - and steam wants me to write a review for xp...so here goes...Do I have a word limit?My first thoughts on the game...Character Creation:  Why is every random character I create ugly?There is no beauty here...Sure, the customisation is great - no faults to the design, or setup, it's well made.But I just can't seem to create a character that has any 'flare'...Is it just me?it just seems everything about the characters is too...angular? (for want of a better word)The choice between alliances makes for an interesting pick, took me about 5 minutes to figure out wtf I was doing though xDI like the way the story is told, with the majority of the story told with voiceover.The gameplay isn't the same feel as wow and other mmo's...the combat system is definetely unique, and well made.The only problem I find is with latency - conecting to the US Servers from Australia...It makes the combat system feel sluggish, and non-responsive.I'm not that far in, having made a few characters, trying out the different combat styles, so I can't say much for late game content.Would I recommend the game? YesWill I be continuing my subscription? NoI don't feel that the game is worth the $15 a month, without servers in my area...the lag ruins the quality of such a beautifully made game."
,Recommended,306130,13115561,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Quantum Carl,Awesome
76561198025874950,Not Recommended,306130,17298693,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,AlMsTsHaR,"when this game released the reviews was too badthen after the last update its changesso i decided to buy itbut unfortunately the game was not that goodi mean its not like skyrimnor in the level of the rest M,M,O gamesif i pruchase another mmo then this its better i thinkbut now i will try to continue to play itand if it improved i will type it here=============i give it 4\10++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++اول ما نزلت اللعبه كانت التقارير الي عنها حيل سيئهلكن بعد آخر تحديث تعدلت التقارير الي عنهافقررت اني اشتريهالكن للأسف ماكانت بذاك المستوىيعني لا اهي مثل سكايرمولا اهي من مستوى الألعاب الي من فئتهايعني لو بنفس قيمتها خذيت لعبه ثانيه كان أفضللكن الحين ماكو فايدهوراح احاول اكمل بلعبهاواذا تحسنت بعدين راح اكتب هني_______________تقييمي لها 4\10"
76561198021755999,Recommended,306130,11645758,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,5hassay,"EDIT: review might be outdated, game is now buy-to-play and new features have been added that appear to be novel to the mmo sceneAlthough I'm not sure how much I like this game, saying I don't recommend it would be more inaccurate than saying I do recommend it. Anyway, for those who are not Elder Scrolls fans, this game has the basic MMORPG aspects with little or more than little differences. You've got lots of crafting. The game really motivates exploration. For example, lots of crafting materials to find, treasure chests to lock-pick, hidden areas off the beaten trail with loot, special NPCs, and hidden quests. The quests are far superb to most MMOs out there: fully voiced dialogue, dialogue is pretty good generally, stories are generally alright, all quests tie in to some central theme in an area that climaxes together and thus all quests are meaningful to some degree. Any quest you complete tells you what you have done (e.g. if you look on the map of a village, the icon tells you that you saved the village). Quests have effects that are permanent in the world (for only you to see of course). These effects are meaningful to varying degrees. There is some heavy choices (e.g. life or death), with some novel dialogue options (e.g. intimidate option, persuade often, pay money option). There are open-world dungeons, which are neat. I have not played an instanced dungeon yet--if you do all content progressively and just enjoy the game like me, about 30 hours in and you still will not have reached the first instanced dungeon (you could advance and do them earlier of course). The classes system is pretty great. You start with a class, where there are a few. That class comes with its unique skills (three branches). But you also have skills from other various things: Trade skills, various magic skills learned throughout the game, various weapon skills. Each skill is gained through using 1 skill point, which are gained in leveling up, quest, and exploration. Skills gain ""experience"" through use, up to a point where you can modify it with another skill point to improve and change it. Consequently there is a huge mix-and-match of skills that you can make really funky, yet functional characters (e.g. sorcer-tank). Currently I think there is an issue with skill experimentation, which is unfortunate after all my stated love for the diversity of skills: It costs a significant amount to redeem used skill points, and you can't do that until fairly later in the game (after the time of experimentation, lol). Graphically it looks nice. Generally the game runs great at max settings with my GTX 760 and i5-4690 CPU @ 3.50GHz and 8 GB RAM, although I have not tried PVP yet. The community seems nice. Seems to be fairly active and good RP. The game currently doesn't do much for RP too my limited knowledge, but there seems to be add-ons for it. Game still has some way to go I think. As a MMORPG, in my opinion the game does a bit above average (which is not acceptable in my opinion) job of implementing the MMO part. Lots of quests that are essentially single-player, and you just see other players that may help you but more so just ruin your immersion, I think. There are public dungeons, so that is cool. I just think MMORPGs these days should be going more of the route GW2 took. I get that maybe they want the single-player Elder Scrolls fans, but in the end its a single-player experience that isn't as good as what you would get in the single-player Elder Scrolls series. The game does motivate grouping, and there are deadly NPCs scattered about that you want to deal with with other people, as well as at least 2 dynamic world events that I have experienced that you want to do with other people.To Elder Scrolls fans, if you want a single-player experience, then I would say wait for the next ES single-player game. If you dig MMOs addtionally, then this is fun, but its not that different than other MMORPGs."
76561198097843226,Not Recommended,306130,20420975,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Maximillion Pegasus,BOORRRIIINNNGGGGG
76561198042491316,Not Recommended,306130,34651167,Posted: 31 August,all,EagleRifle28,"UNTIL YOU FIX YOUR GODDAMN SERVER!!! I WONT CHANGE MY REVIEW!!!I love this game and 3 days after i upgraded it to gold edition, it keeps disconnected and sent me to the login menuI BARELY PLAYED IT AROUND 2 MINUTES FFS!!! fix your server then i change my review"
76561198135768541,Not Recommended,306130,34026787,Posted: 4 August,all,lucaroark,I am done playing this game. I am done paying 15$ A month just so I can have a craft bag to hold the absurdly large ammount's of resources just to level alchemy enchanting and provisioning. I am tired of getting patheticly low ammount's of inventory and bank space despite the vast ammounts of items in the game.
76561198111762942,Recommended,306130,13099464,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Ducky217,This game is amazing. You just can't have a job or a life to play it LOL. Played it enjoyed every second I had of it during summer... Then I got a job xD waste of money if you dont play it at least 2 hours a day but overall great game... when it doesn't have hour long updates...
76561198043481380,Recommended,306130,15027141,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,HollyDrill,>spawn in>no money>accidentally potato>become #1 most wanted criminal in Tamriel>get killed until bounty disappears>after 50 hours of grinding need to kill a boss>waits other 2 hours playing the lute on a playermade queue>accidently catch ebola by vampirism>kills boss gets 10 gold10/10 would steal potato again8/8 m8 would kill boss again420/360 WOULD EBOLA AGAIN
,Recommended,306130,11770753,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Joker King,"Whle they are still working out game bugs and other challenges, Its a great game imo. All games need work done to them long after release so i can very easily over look the troubles they have had in game and out of game issues. I had game masters work closely with me with any game bug i reported and they did their job well. Anyways more about the game, the graphics are true to the nature of what you would exspect in an ES game. Although your not playing Skyrim, Oblivion, Morrowind or any other past elder scrolls game. ESO takes on a journey through all these lands of past elder scrolls game. Your not going to be able to pick up just about every object you see like you would in Skyrim so to speak. You are going to be disappointed if that is what your looking for in ESO. I did not exspect the very same kind of gameplay in ESO as i did in previous offline titles. But there are a few similairites such as free roaming, being able to jump up on steep hills on foot, subtle things like that. One of the best things to me right from the start is that your able to pick up armor right off the shelf and it looks completely wicked but of course you have to buy from the shop keeper to get the better armor. No guard comes running after you and gives you a choice of paying a fine or going to jail. That was a fun aspect of the single player games though. In a nutshell, if your an elder scrolls fan, at least attempt to try this game out no matter who says what in these reviews."
,Not Recommended,306130,21694701,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ellen Cascade,"Game play is great. Its visually stunning as you would hope to expect with an elder scrolls game. I'm pretty addicted to it so that says a lot of good things about the game, but after playing it for a couple months now I have found some frustrations. I have run into quite a few glitches so far. For example, after clicking on someone to add them as a friend or to group up with them, I first have to make my charector jump and then I can proceed to adding my friend or what have you. Its the strangest thing. I have also crafted items for quests and the quests still go without being completed. Right now as I type my review my game is updating. Its taken nearly an hour so far and its about 30% complete. Its a little frustrating that its taking so long especially since a lot of the content being installed is for the Theives Guild wich you have to purchase extra and I have not purchased it. If you want a horse or a pet or to be a part of the theives guild or what have you, expect to put in more than the 60 dollars you already used to pay for the game. In fact, expect that you will have to continue to keep feeding money into your game. All things said, I cant completly recomend the game. Its super fun but so expensive and has too many frustrations that come with it."
,Recommended,306130,11402203,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,reeski,"When I first heard about this game i thought an online elder scrolls, what could possibly go wrong, after playing several MMO's and all the Elder Scrolls I thought it's about time they varied the idea bit. Instead of being the only hero who has to stop the deadra or dragons or something like that. Althought this game still has that it's added more things like PVP sieges.I was then put off the game because of the bad reviews.I decided to have a go of it anyway, so i've been playing alot of this game lately and i have to say it's just brilliant.I was ammazed at how immersive this game is for an MMO, it's extremely interactive and if you get bored of one thing you can go do one of the other many things you can do in this game.For example if I got bored of questing, i'd go have a go at some PVP.When people complain about the monthly subscription fee, fair enough, however one thing you have to remember is that your paying for thrm to continuously repair the game, your also paying for the addons because unlike several other MMO's (WOW for example) you don't have to pay for the next part of the game.I've really enjoyed this game, and I recommend you try it!"
,Recommended,306130,12123521,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,TGiordano92,"The game is extrememly big, so many different things to do. PvP one hour, crafting/writs the next hour, to doing dungones or playing through the quests and main story. I love the main story btw. If I were you I would give the game another chance if you already tried it, many new imporvements. It is not perfect by any means but gets better every month."
,Not Recommended,306130,33235033,Posted: 4 July,all,JoeTheCoyote,Just get oblivion or skyrimThis game is not worth 20$ or 60$Get it if its like 5$ but not over 10$its not worth it
,Recommended,306130,12114633,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,jggatlin,"Very fun and interesting game.  As a fan of the Elder Scrolls series, this feels like playing one of the single-player games but with far more features."
,Recommended,306130,16661442,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,duncanr931,"I'm a kitty cat that fires lightning out of his hands, Kitty Palpatine.10/10 would kick molags balls again."
,Recommended,306130,11985681,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,tom5330,"18/6/15Tamriel Unlimited review:I have been playing ESO for about a year it has come a long way. After the most recent updates and with the new title, Tamriel Unlimited is great. Here is what I think is good about ESOTU:- Good social features to communicate with your friends and guild mates.- Fun pvp- Group PvE is Fun- Entering combat against monsters around your level can be challenging, but if you balance your stamina skills and magika skills during combat I found it to be easier.- Being able to buy back something from the NPC merchant that you accidently sold.- Making your own food and drinks with recipes you have learnt to increase your heath/life/magika etc.I think it pretty much has the elder scolls feeling but with a few changes in it, good and bad.Here is some things i dont really like about this game, keeping in mind this is my favorite game:- You can't explore in the mountains gradually getting to the top like in skyrim and oblivion.- There is no small scale PvP. It would be great to ""duel"" with people of the public in your own alliance rather than just having to do alliance war and get whiped out by 20 people.- You can't have a helper with you and load them with items like in skyrim (I don't think anyway).If I can think of anything else I will edit this review.Old Review below:8/8/14its alot harder than skyrim because you cant adjust the difficulty, ive been waiting for this game for a long time. I really enjoy playing it. Im still trying to get my head around a few things. Alot of things are different to skyrim but i like it. Im still a noob but i plan to keep playing this game.- Edited after 2 major updates any many gaming hours.I now play as much as I can, its now free to play i cancelled my subscription and nothing changed except money in my pocket. Combat is good, melee attacks feel realistic. This game is great, its my favorite game.I would recommend this game as a fan of ES series."
76561198020057540,Recommended,306130,11788953,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,FetiDCheesE (@DnAgamesstudio),"Would be much better if the spells were skill based instead of for exp., shooting at someone with your bow and the arrow following them behind a wall for a direct hit. Other than that the game is great there is plenty of visuals and lots of fun places to  explore. 3/5 from me."
,Not Recommended,306130,17002891,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,GibZ',"Incredibly grindy, to be expected for an mmo but still. Combat is dull and repetetive, not much news there as combat wasn't a strong point in the elder scrolls series anyway except for probably the sneaky stuff and magic, but they cut on spells heavily and the sneaky stuff is pretty dull as well with a different sneak system than what TES fans are probably used to wich... well i don't like it.Abilities are lacking, varying to an attack that does more damage, one with afterburn, a shieldbash, yada yada yada not original stuff or just plain dull basically.qeusts feel like ""go from point a to point b""/""get 10 of these items""/""kill 10 [ENEMY NAME]"" because they litterally are, at least every quest in the main/beginning area varied from ""kill 5 enemies invading the city's shores"" ""kill 10 of the spooky ghost people and use item on them"" ""kill 10 of the scary crab things and bring back their drops"". of course, this might just be in the starting area, and i might be completely wrong here, but if i have to grind my way through that to get to the fun part of a game it isn't fun for me anymore.if you're an elder scrolls fan i wouldn't really recommend this, you'd be better off getting any of the other elder scrolls games, even if you think older games are bad for some reason cus you only care for graphics, you might wanna try out oblivionif you're an mmo fan, idk, i'm not a fan but i heard world of warcraft isn't too bad.tl;dr it's missing the good parts of the elder scrolls and it's quite meh as an mmo"
76561198032595601,Not Recommended,306130,33869391,Posted: 28 July,all,Geek,Game would never start from launcher. What also makes me mad is in trying to get it to work I logged 1 hour of play time on a game that never got passed the launcher. Glad I only tried for an hour and did not exceed the 2 hour refund limit. Very shifty of Steam to start the game clock before the game ever launches.
,Recommended,306130,14347544,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Jealous Witch,"Now game is Pay to Play : pay once to play game and pay again when DLC come to access new content.Good MMO RPG Online game over all, but TES:SKYRIM fan who expect ""Skyrim online"" or ""Skyrim with friends"" may feel disappointBecause:1. The feeling : beside main story you can't be a one man hero. wild folk will come from no where and help you beat your enemies without ask.2. Solo content is too ez if you know how, not much challenge.3. No epic dragon fight, but boss in group dungeon may can fullfill this role.4. No blood and gore, no killing move.5. If you like First person view. it not good in kind of mmo game.Game is still lack of content, but Game is developing in the right way.and the next DLCs that we know is very interesting (not sure when it will release).Highly Recommended to purchase while 2016 new year sale. XD"
,Not Recommended,306130,24652050,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,FullBitGamer,"I love the Elder Scrolls games, I started back in the day with Daggerfall and have been a fan ever since. ESO is a game that took me by surprise when it was announced. I didn't expect an MMO to ever be a thing in the IP, maybe co-op stuff but never on this scale. I waited a long time to finally get into it as I already had played the beta and kind of felt it was lacking alot of things that a good MMO needs ""okay"" would describe my feelings at that point.With that said, the game is quickly losing it's charm. The game moves along at a decent pace, TES games were never about getting things fast, or becoming a god aftert 3 hours, but the leveling in ESO seems artificially stunted. Maybe it's the low(ish) level cap, maybe it's something else. It feels wrong to me though.Questing is decent, nothing special, typical MMO stuff. Can't complain too much here.Audio is hit or miss with certain things being dead on but combat lacks that PUNCH that makes it feel brutal.Now on to why I truly loathe this game at this point, which honestly saddens me.Crafting, the time it takes to do research, 6 hours? Seriously!? Is this a damn mobile game, did I accidentally log in to Clash of Clans, this is stupid as hell honestly two hours would have been perfect. A general playtime length for the average player to maybe knock out 2 items in a session and log off. I get with the system they used it doesn't really have a whole lot of things to really ""research"" so they padded it out. Another dumb idea to artificially lengthen the game.The monotany of this game shines the more and more I play it, it drives me crazy. Solo is just way to easy to do, and group content is sorely lacking anything of mention. PVP is a joke, seriously, the worst MMO PvP I have ever played and I have a big list of MMOs dating back to EQ1.I really hope the upcoming patches and ideas ZeniMax talked about at E3 will make this game more usefull than just a soundtrack for taking naps at my desk which is basically all it is now.**Review is to be updated if my feelings ever change."
76561198128885752,Recommended,306130,13748961,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,UR DAD,"Best MMO out there so far,dont know why people are complaining,maybe because realese sucked.10/10"
,Recommended,306130,16553709,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Yuri (The first Cosmonaut),Found two khajiits fighting about who should start the camping fire so I lit the fire and they started staring at me then they said thanks and sat down.10/10 Would lit the camping fire again.
,Recommended,306130,15731641,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Dank Master,Game surpasses all expectations. 420 blaze everyday
,Not Recommended,306130,16589159,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mambo Sauce,I really wanted to like this game.... After playing swtor and liking that game I kinda felt like a New mmo was in order... Wow I was really wrong... The story is really not gripping and lacks the passion other elder scrolls games have. The combat is ehhh it is really good for an MMO and it is one of the better points of the game. Armor early on is drab and boring and no real variation can be found. As I have said I really wanted to like this game but its boring story and its empty feeling left me bored and leaving it for other games.... I am I die hard Elder Scrolls and Bethesda fan but this game did not hold my attention... I would save your 60$ for something else. Its just not all that great.
,Not Recommended,306130,20524519,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,OdinTista,"I'm a greater fan of Elder Scrolls Series, but this game was a waste of time : / , only 5 hotkeys skills to use, and all with same animations without relying on weapons... The adventurer is a little cool to the history hunters, but the skills and combat are very poor yet... AND I played with 4 friends...Still Boring :("
76561198080348674,Not Recommended,306130,26686252,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SergentGinger,"I am not pleased with this.I played the beta, and was disappointed with the sheer volume of bugs. My favorite example being the travesty that was the party system. If you have ever wanted to know what it would be like to be stuck in your own timestream courtesy of the Butterfly effect, then party up with someone and get ready to: follow your own versions of the same dog, rescue the same people from spider cocoons, while skant inches away from your party member who just cut the hapless spider dinner free, kill a boss and one party member who was LITERALLY one step further away not get any credit for it, who then cannot finish the quest with you because you can no longer do that quest... The list goes on and was embarrassing.Here we are two years later, and at the recommendation of a coworker, I start to look at this again. Thinking that they MUST have fixed something, added it to my wishlist to keep an eye on it and then it goes on sale. 10 Bucks? Sure, why not. So I buy it... For me, for my brother, and for two friends of mine. It is only 10 dollars and supposedly much, much better than it was. 19 hour download later, I'm playing... Funny enough, it seems that nothing has been fixed.Oh and as icing on the cake, neither my friend nor my brother can play at all. They are stuck in whichever Daedric Prince's domain it is that Governs infinite load screens. I'm thinking Azura's Star or Sheogorath's realm; you know, because they are stuck unable to go anywhere but forced to pantomine the same actions over and over again? Restart, repair, restart, repair, reboot, restartrepairrestartrepairrebootrestartrepairrebootrestartrepairrestartrepairAll work and no play makes Jack a dull boy."
,Not Recommended,306130,32072061,Posted: 30 May,all,Teremol,"Tries to be both an Elder Scolls game and an MMO but fails at both.Quests are the same repetitive dullness you expect from WoW where you spend all day grinding mobs and clicking on activators so whichever lazy worthless NPC you spoke to can have their bear arses. But that's just the gameplay, the quests in terms of story are bland and completely on rails, there is absolutely zero player choice, not even the illusion of it. The player character has one line of text to choose and the only other option is to just leave.Case in point, one of the first cities you can come across as a member of the Ebonheart Pact has a quest giver standing in the middle of the town. He immediately asks you to steal some beer for him, regardless of whatever morality you might have tried to install in your character up to this point. Your options are sure Mr Dicksniffer I'll break the law for a random stranger or Goodbye. No other options. Oh, you're not playing a thief character? Too bad, the dialogue forces your character to act like one.As for the MMO part of the game, I can't fathom at all why Zenimax decided this had to be one. It feels completely tacked on and the only group content you get outside of pvp and grindy dungeons is people wandering around doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥you're doing taking away completely from any immersion you strain to get out of the on rails quest lines. If you group up with a friend it's little different to playing solo, you both still have to do everything separately including the one dimensional NPC conversations.All in all I really had to force myself to play this utter train wreck of a game. On top of it being generally a♥♥♥♥♥♥boring game, you're asked to pay more and more and more money, you buy the game, only to realise half the content is locked off to subscribers which is another hefty monthly fee. Oh, on top of that there's a ♥♥♥♥ing cash shop if you can believe it. Unlike other games where you can earn things that you would otherwise have to pay for, Zenimax have no interest in that, only $$$ so your only option is to dish out more cash. What an absolute ♥♥♥♥♥how this game is.Edit: Played a bit more. STILL SO ♥♥♥♥ING DULL AND REPETIVIE HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥HOW DOES ANYONE PLAY THIS WITHOUT ♥♥♥♥ING GOING INTO A COMA JESUS CHRIST THE LEVELLING IS LIKE SMASHING MY HEAD AGAINST A BRICK WALL IT'S SO ♥♥♥♥ING SLOW AND POINTLESS"
,Recommended,306130,23394419,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,AutomaticRogue,"Didn't work for me but you know, it might for others so im not gonna ruin the rep of the game."
,Not Recommended,306130,29574133,Posted: 29 January,all,Bakey1anny,"This game is grindy and repetitive, the pvp is ran by high levels sweeping any lower level characters.Concept is good, practice is meh"
,Recommended,306130,15138518,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Jamie,.
76561198220015260,Recommended,306130,15070096,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,jamesdanielmoore1776,I thought that I was buying Portal. Woops..........
,Recommended,306130,22950113,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,HILLARY CLINTON,10/10 sexy bodies for the female characters without stuff on.
,Not Recommended,306130,33170049,Posted: 2 July,all,ＴＨＩＣＣＵＢＵＳ,Its like Elder Scrolls but if Elder Scrolls wasn't very good
,Recommended,306130,12284192,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Dave_The_Tech_Guy,Game is goodSteam is good for giving 50% off...Steam is bad for interrupting my game to show me a notification I don't care about..Stop minimizing my game steam..You hear me?STOP DOING THAT STEAM...
76561198148273613,Recommended,306130,12285332,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,CommonDreads,"BUy it was simple and easy no problems, just takes awhile to download, so far so good."
76561198045045941,Recommended,306130,12293852,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Tae Tae,Truly amazing I recomend this game to anyone who can stand all the crashes and painful news this games sides of the map you have to download are really small and may cause youb to crash a bit. I believe if the devs just made the areas in wich you can walk around in allloooootttt larger and fix allot of the crashes and added in sum gore and whorible combat and not let the other enemies become unstop[pable ghost (by that I mean invisible with no way to find them and can still fight) that would be great... but besides all the damn crashes and retries 8/10
76561198079869279,Not Recommended,306130,16949913,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,lookeybear,"i got the game thinking i could do some questing with my friends. you cant. you can add them as friends, join the same group, join the same guild, and you can do the same quest at the same time as your friends and watch each other doing the quest, but you arent actually questing with each other. if your friend does an objective in the quest like talk to someone, you still have to talk to that person. sure this keeps players from falling behind in the story but a lot of people just dont care what the npc has to say. same thing goes with killing enemies or completing objectives. i get that this would keep someone from carrying the team but it makes a huge disconnect when you want to be doing the same quest with your friends. it feels like skyrim with a bunch of people you cant really interact with."
,Not Recommended,306130,17069490,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Nightman,"Heres my honest opinionThis game is a waste of time and money. If you've ever played a real mmo and enjoyed it, you will hate this one. If you've ever played an elder scrolls game, you will hate this one even more.I know its tempting, it had the potential to be great. but stay away. It gets old fast"
76561198185999610,Not Recommended,306130,33863787,Posted: 28 July,all,Robalion,If someone can can relate. Te game looks cool and everything but every time i log in and play for like 1hr or so i get bored because the game is not engaging and the missions are repetative. maybe Im not playing the game right? If someone knows the point to this game please let me know.
,Recommended,306130,14652812,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Chann,""" Pushups and Situps """
,Recommended,306130,16251739,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,D Swag Money Bags,I  wuz a big sweaty argon who hed  wife  named  beath-with-stick cuz she wuz inferorer to  me and  i wonnered  wif /sleep2 crouch  4  free  rp 10/10 would dank eme  again
76561198117183930,Not Recommended,306130,20515675,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,King,"It's probably my attention span. Maybe its my choice of genre in gaming. Or maybe i't's the fact that this games 24 hour newb area bores me to sleep. I literally start to fall asleep during mid-day while playing this game.I have not yet past level 9, but this game has already convinced me i have wasted my time and money."
,Not Recommended,306130,24646713,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Gay,"I activated the code with my account and it would not let me log in, support is terrible and they said they could not help me because they got other support tickets to answer. Refunded game."
,Not Recommended,306130,32575912,Posted: 19 June,all,King❤Eagle,"hi Zenimax Online !I m not cheater .... I was not breaking the law . I was ban For my country, IranAll know this is not fair.. This game is nonsense Support I wanted to help support and But instead of helping Ban wasI m Banned for my country !  All know this is not fair"
,Not Recommended,306130,29112104,Posted: 8 January,all,sünger uşak karapantul,"You know those games that become your new ''thing''? Like you play them for hours and days and weeks maybe a few years. For some of you maybe it's WoW, maybe Counter Strike, maybe Runescape. For me it was ESO. As you all can probably see I've played this game for quite a bit. And I loved it. I just fell in love with Elder Scrolls Online. Maybe it's because I love the lore of this universe, Maybe it's because the huge open world, Maybe it's because how addictive the game is. As you can tell, This game gives everything it should give. It's nearly perfect for an MMO. ''But why, fonidol, why are you giving this game a negative review?'' Well, let me explain that to you.I think it was around early 2015. They introduced a new in-game store called ''Crown Store'' where you basically have to pay real money in order to get these crowns to buy some of this Crown store's contents. It seemed very innocent at the beginning. There was only a few cool mounts which you can get in game with no problem, a few costumes which did nothing but made you look fab, and a few♥♥♥♥♥♥potions which were completely useless. It seemed very cool. But as the game developed and made progress, they naturally added some new content to the crown store. Like new costumes new mounts and DLC's which you had to pay money to acquire. I believe the first DLC was ''Imperial City'' where you go to a abandoned city filled with daedra and get cool loot from 2 new dungeons which you can only have access to them if you have the DLC. That made me a little bit worried because I loved the game and didn't want it to become like an♥♥♥♥♥♥p2w game filled with microtransactions. The time passed and they added a new DLC. And then another one, another one, another one. With every DLC, comes new gear and weapons which are needed for specific builds. Now that's where they crossed the line. Because as you know, this game has a huge PvP which you actually have to have a decent build in order to be successfull. But in order to have these 'decent' builds, you have to have these new gear sets came with the DLC's. That made me a little bit angry. Because the last thing I wanted to do was pay money in order to get something that will make me a better Dragonknight, a sorcerer, a nightblade and so on.Another thing is at the current stage of the game, everything you can get from Crown Store with just a credit card and fingers, is available in the currency of the game, golds. But oh my god isn't it difficult to acquire. A horse is 10000 gold, a house is more than a ♥♥♥♥ing million golds and some potions are worth more than my life.I'm not cool with the game's current stage and I don't think it's going any better.Buy at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,306130,31150035,Posted: 14 April,all,ce2727,Accidentally hit guard in starting areaInsta killed by op guard NPC'sRespawn still with notorietyConfronted by guardThree options:pay bounty (not enough money)use some talent I dont have to intimidate themfighthave to fightdieskip to line 2 and repeat2/10 nice tutorial
76561198100221130,Recommended,306130,15104055,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,FaZe Shadow,yes
,Recommended,306130,15782873,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Charlie Orphan,"I've killed werewolves, goblins, stole a helmet, attacked a guard, got killed by that very same guard and sold things to a bunch of thieves living under Daggerfall..... I only started playing yesterday10/10 would get murdered by guards again"
76561198166150151,Recommended,306130,13252148,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Al Harthi,awesome.
,Recommended,306130,15197032,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TacticalSock,10/10 THE PROPHET IS DUMBLEDORE
,Not Recommended,306130,29511010,Posted: 26 January,all,Kiwiman599,"This is a wierd frankenstien mess of a game.  It tries to satisfy both single player elder scrolls fans with hardcore mmo vets, and it fails to please either.  While there are some things to write home about, like the character creator, crafting, and pvp, there is no freedom of choice to do anything or even basic elder scrolls elements like crime etc.  As for the mmo side, this is the most solo expericence ive ever had in an mmo.  No grouping, no global auction house, and quests are the most boring excuses for activities ive ever seen,  Listen, if youre a hardcore ES fan, then maybe you can press on.  Otherwise, if you tell me something you like in this game, odds are i can name you a free game that does it better."
,Recommended,306130,14786595,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,tsunemori,JUUUUUUSSSSTTTT GREEEEAAAATTTT!!!!11!!
,Not Recommended,306130,15923318,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,☺ TLM ☺,"For the price you get a lot of hours gameplay of lag and bugs, but it is still fun.I think it could be a good game, but the gameplay bugs will obviously never get fixed, so it is not a game i would want to support more, than buying the core package. Most bugs already exist since the beta and never got fixed, last patch made the game even worse for my class, now the bugs really make me crazy sometimes."
,Recommended,306130,29113748,Posted: 8 January,all,racist mario,skyrim 2 used to be bad it is not bad now it is good now it is a good elder scrolls game better than skyrim 1 its like if runescape 3 was good but also skyrim
76561198009894361,Not Recommended,306130,15566912,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,elad_nisim,the game is boring i try to love it but i just didnt make it...i love skyrim its the best game ever ! and i like rpg and its just dont work herenot worth the $ for me
,Recommended,306130,17862701,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Skeletor Penetrator,GREAT GAME!
,Not Recommended,306130,21169062,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ZuluSierra96,"it snothing lie i expected, i figured it would og more like skyrim, but really its just like most other MMORPGs and i hate that they did it like so. i almost died of boredom as soon as i started."
,Not Recommended,306130,16454097,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Useless Ahri,"I actually liked the game a little, but not much enough to be willing to pay 55€ for it.I might buy it again if it will be reduced but this game is way to expensive for what you get."
,Not Recommended,306130,17390343,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,pure nothingness,"I've bought this game a year ago and it was bad.It's funny that over a year they've lost so many subscribers that they've decided to cancel the subscription and make it so you only have to buy it once.Well, what the hell...I've downloaded 48 gigs on steam, then updated for like 5 gigs more.And the game didn't seem to have changed by a whole lot.I expected to see an improved in-game shop (because they've cancelled the subscripton). And there it is. Lots of stuff.There are no chests and keys as of yet. But I'm sure those will follow. Lots of unnecessary cosmetics for kiddies to buy. All there.I can see where this is going. This is nothing new.Anyway, the biggest problem with this game have always been it's overall concept.Injecting classic RPG elements into MMO standards is hard.WoW had it in some ways at first (before we've decided not to BE SLAVES).TL;DR VERSION: Mediocre MMO. The Elder Scrolls title is just a marketing trick."
76561198061592525,Not Recommended,306130,20837946,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Maniakk,Tedious
76561198087204125,Not Recommended,306130,18433984,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,tyleranderson36,"Sadly WoW is batter and I was hoping that this would replace it.  I have leveled every type of character and still the game is unbalanced between the classes after a year of play.  They made it free to play and yet the game still suffers from low player numbers.  The graphics are amazing and the combat is simple, but the game has nothing for end game content."
76561198043379720,Not Recommended,306130,20189511,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Cuppy,It was fun the first 15 hours but later it didn't feels like there was something new sure it is the story but i  thought the quests were the samei don't recommend buying this game because as i said it is fun the first 15 hours but after them you can't refund because you got more then 2 hours wich i think is stupid but what are you suppose to do about it.
76561198028122400,Not Recommended,306130,20432409,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Caradoon,Stopped playing this game. It failed to capture my interest.
76561198014000857,Recommended,306130,26667713,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Digital Twin,IT GUD. like ES but a MMO. I dont like MMOs but this one is fun
,Not Recommended,306130,21643434,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,balragh,"Feels like a metro station during rush hour! The biggest problem of this MMO is that there is just no atmosphere - you are constantly surrounded by other players. The enemies are laughable, no challenge at all. Especially if there is one enemy and maybe 5 players killing it the moment it spawns. In case your ""quest"" is to kill 10 enemies of a certain type you literally have to wait to get your shot. Maybe they should introduce a ticket system where you draw a number at the entrance of a dungeon (no instances in this game...) to get 30 sec time with an enemy.The quests are way too easy as well. Just in the beginner island there is a supposed massive ritual going an to destroy a complete island and it is guarded by 3 enemies on the same level you are? There is no strategy, no buffing, just mindless clicking on my strongest spell and I killed all of them without getting any damage."
76561198007711118,Recommended,306130,17198407,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Puzzle,Yep great game bought it for $60 wated 3 days to download finaly play it go to steam only to find its on sale for $40 GREAT GAME FKN GREAT GAME!
,Recommended,306130,24636597,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Wiinzta,"THIS IS AWESOMEEEEEEE!!!!!!!I can't stop playing.The amount of depth of the game... it's just crazy good.Buy it, you know you want it."
76561198077896924,Not Recommended,306130,24607973,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Pistols,"I own a mac and was excited to see ESO be released for my platform, so I hurry and buy it then click the download button... It took days to download I have now idea why. All the other games I've bought took no where near the amount of time ESO took to download. SO when it finally finished downloading I clicked launch as soon as I could but was disappointed when it crashed time and time again. My computer runs all the other games I have gotten from Steam completly perfectly fine. But didn't like ESO for some reason. So I go to the help center and spent literal hours trying to figure it out. I couldn't so out of fustration I just returned it. Really sad I couldn't play it, I'm sure it would have been really fun too. It's a shame that mac games have so little support and games in general. I hope that developers finally bring attention to these issues and I'm sure a lot of other mac users would agree."
,Not Recommended,306130,29126771,Posted: 8 January,all,Tharock1,Boring game. Spend most of your time doing boring♥♥♥♥♥quests and not having fun doing what you want to do.
76561198140962141,Not Recommended,306130,26704928,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,PUPPET DRAGON,first hour in im ganna say cool but once u play this and expect a skyrim consept ..skyrim is 3x better then the online i bet its fun with alot of freinds but the first hour was just hunting for somthing to get me into this game im sorry to say this was not what i was looking for..
76561198031945184,Not Recommended,306130,32241002,Posted: 7 June,all,Kafkesque,"I'm going to start out this review by saying two things: first, I'm not generally a huge fan of MMOs.  I've tried a few of the better-known ones (WoW, SWTOR, EVE) and just never managed to get into them the way I get into single-player games.  Second, I'm a huge fan of the Elder Scrolls series, and particularly enjoy the world of Nirn and the depth of its lore, to the point where I'll avoid playing an Orc or Dunmer in Skyrim because I have trouble mentally justifying why the Aedra would bestow the dragon-blood blessing on a Daedra worshiper.  If this paragraph doesn't sound like you, then feel free to ignore everything I'm about to say.Now, with the preamble out of the way: out of all the MMOs I've played, ESO is my favorite.  And out of all the Elder Scrolls games I've played, ESO is my least favorite.I enjoy ESO as an MMO because it mixes in some action mechanics to make the gameplay more dynamic.  Where other MMOs have a tendency to fall into a pattern of ""select target, start rotation, rinse, repeat"", ESO throws blocking and counterattacking into the mix, making each fight feel a bit more like its own unique situation rather than repeating the same fight dozens of times over.  Character building is also a lot more flexible than your standard MMO, letting you pick and choose your favorites from three class skill trees, a racial skill tree, a weapon skill tree, and a few other miscellaneous skill trees, rather than shoehorning you in to one of a couple predetermined skill trees, so I really felt like I was able to make my character my own.Or I did at first, anyway.  See how I said up there that the flexibility is ""more than your standard MMO""?  I used that phrasing deliberately, so buckle in, because this is where the gripes start.If the flexibility of character building is a step up from the MMO side, it's a huge letdown coming from the Elder Scrolls side.  One of the huge draws of the series is the ability to do just about *anything*.  Want to be a spellcaster wearing plate armor?  Do it.  Want to be a thief who turns into a rampaging werewolf when cornered?  Do it.  I can't even count how many times I restarted Skyrim because I suddenly had a new idea for a character that I just had to try out.  To an extent this is still true in ESO--as I said, you can do a lot of mixing and matching from a variety of skill trees--but the problem is that it's really hard to attain that level of flexibility while also balancing for a multiplayer game.  You can give your players options, sure, but eventually those options will start to narrow down as players figure out what the ""best"" builds are.  And this is reinforced by some of the game's mechanics.  For instance, your armor-wearing mage can technically exist in this game, since there's nothing stopping you from wearing heavy armor as a Sorcerer... but then your character's going to be sub-optimal because you're missing out on the rather substantial Magicka bonuses from the light armor skill line.  The most noticeable manifestation of this is that the particulars of the ways weapon and spell damage are calculated means that pretty much all builds are going to be ""pure Magicka"" or ""pure Stamina"" in terms of stat investment.  Again, you *can* invest in both stats if you want, but again, your character is going to be ""sub-optimal"" if you do.And this last bit might be a minor gripe, but it's actually interfering substantially with my enjoyment of the game so I'll mention it anyway: fluff-wise, there's no ""pure fighter"" class in the game.  Supposedly the Dragonknight and Templar are supposed to fill that niche, but the Templar's your average paladin type and the Dragonknight's skill trees are geared towards fire magic, earth magic, and turning into a dragon.  (Why is this last bit even in a game set more than 1000 years before dragons start reawakening in Skyrim?  I have no idea.)  If you're used to the rough ""fighter-mage-thief"" grouping of the other Elder Scrolls games it can be a bit weird to feel like the first third of that equation is missing, and it was definitely disappointing to roll up an ""Orc warrior"" as my first character only to find that my character concept basically precluded taking any skills from my three class trees.Anyway, tl;dr if you're looking for an MMO this game might be worth trying out, but if you're looking for an Elder Scrolls game I'd recommend giving it a pass."
,Recommended,306130,23684211,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,🚭🚭🚭,Very good game. It has swords and magic in it.
76561198072911252,Not Recommended,306130,29272407,Posted: 15 January,all,cendre_debrume,"I've been playing this game since last spring (2016), and it worked fine until the update that nullified levels. Now you can play just long enough to get hooked before the serious server lagging starts and you eventually get logged off or booted.To play so much, with or without Eso membership and extras, and end up with a game that barely works is quite vexing. Seriously, there is a problem when a game like Wizard 101 works better then this one.Besides the obvious technical problems, the game has beautiful music, it is graphically better then Skyrim, has a good enough story and great freedom though doing the missions is still essentiel to unlocking certain things. The crafting is a bit harder due to refining and advance material location, but you can add bonus to your items as well as enchanting them. Money is still hard to find, like many of these games, but I've seen worst. Other players are as they've always been, very nice to very...not so nice, but I've mostly seen the helpful neutral type. It is very possible to play on your own and I have yet to find a guild and learn how those work, so they are not necessary if you're a loner.It is a possibly very good game, not the best but quite enjoyable never the less, if you can manage not to get lagged or booted off every 1/2 hour or less. If it wasn't for the technical problems, I would recommand this game when on special. As it is, I can only warn the obssessive buyers like me and tell them to look somewhere else for now."
76561198018885520,Recommended,306130,14234857,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Necrotech_Master,"after playing this game since official release, i have thoroughly enjoyed this game although there are parts im not happy with but is to be expected with an mmo.the parts i do not like is:-that the endgame is virtually unsoloable unless very specific very well built builds-there is absolutely no system in place to scale up and down if teaming with different leveled players (for example a lvl 50 will gain 0 benefit from helping their lvl 20 friend out running quests)aside from those 2 things i have enjoyed the game, and while it is not the same as say other elder scrolls games, that the theme and lore are all still revolved around the elder scrolls seriesUpdate: with sub being optional and the global scaling making it easier to team things couldnt be better"
76561198032044395,Recommended,306130,16047772,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,90mph Abortion from a Helicopter,"200 Hours in the last 2 Months, where am I? 4/13 - IGN"
76561198132966073,Recommended,306130,14814004,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ramon117,Defitnely recommend this game to anyone its pretty good 8.5-10
76561197970885733,Recommended,306130,15009668,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Dutch,game is good after all
,Recommended,306130,15153232,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,⋠MaFiaBuNNy⋡✟,good ♥♥♥♥♥ man
,Recommended,306130,23391199,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Sorceress_Rinoa,Love it!!! Great game!
,Recommended,306130,18371255,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Cloak,it's okay.
,Recommended,306130,19320014,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Torrino,Finally finished making my character
,Recommended,306130,13373050,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Rune takers,good
76561198124201102,Recommended,306130,16684249,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,dw0wge,sick game init
76561198058135447,Not Recommended,306130,21957378,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,tonycarebear,"Fun up until level 10, it has waaaayyy too much grind in it, and way too much running. not like skyrim, has more of a cheap mmo game feel to it."
76561198101533929,Not Recommended,306130,29181292,Posted: 11 January,all,Bogrim The Grim Scumbag,frequent crashes even on a pc that is over the recommended system requirementspoor customer service
76561198074606949,Not Recommended,306130,22022896,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,grizzle1124,"The game itself is very good, but the lag time from log in screen to character screen is 30 sec. That is crazy!! The developer and Tech don't let you know about downtime on their launcher and how long the game will be down. Last time it was down for  two days. If they do a patch , you can log in but you can't get to character screen and if you go to the Tech support, they give you a cookie cutter response and say it is fixed. The next time they patch, which is alot, guess what same problem!!! I have canceled and deltete this game!!!"
76561198123412028,Not Recommended,306130,20147139,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,cubbyzeeman,to be honest im not sure. i could not get past the login screen to even get to play the game some error code thing i could not figure out how to fix. but the stupid steam system says i played 10 hours worth? wtf? how does this count as actual gameplay? it really makes you reconsider weather to buy games from them. especially if they do not look at the explanation of why im asking for a refund. at this point it's not about the game its about steam scaming me by adding 10 hours of gameplay to the game i really did not get the chance to play.
,Not Recommended,306130,29431506,Posted: 22 January,all,Scarecruise,"Took four days to download. When it was done, it wouldn't run. Verified integrity of game cache, 508 missing files. Download time : 72 hours."
76561198032944583,Not Recommended,306130,17107067,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,spiritchan,"One very important part of MMO games, or multiplayer games period.... The ability to play with other players.You cannot truely quest with other players.  You cannot truely help other players (if they're doing a quest you've done already, they turn invisible - so when they fight the bad-guy, you can just listen to your partner die).  You cannot (easily) talk to other players.  I literally spent 10 minutes chasing another player so I could click on his image, drag the option-bar over to ""talk"", and then try to type before he was out of range...  Not exactly very...  multiplayer.  This is a multiplayer game where a bunch of other players wander around as if they were silent NPCs.  And I doubt it's the player attitude, it's the mechanic.Also, for those of you who are long-time fans of the Elder Scrolls games.  This game has a class-system.  That means you can't play however you want.  Also, instead of exploring at your leasure, there seems to be a heavy drive (probably because of respawn rate) to hack and slash your way through levels.  No more enjoying the countryside, chit-chatting wtih NPCS and collecting flowers and butterflies.  No more hunting either, from what I can tell.  Like many of the MMOs out there, it's just a level grind.That being said;The world is BEAUTIFUL, and IF you play it thinking of it like a single-player game, then this game has some charming qualities.  I do enjoy seeing all the various cultures of Tamriel, meeting NPCs (which are fully voice acted).  The storyline for the quests (that I've seen so far) seem to be pretty good.  If ""hack and slash"" is how you like to do your RPGs, then this one will fill your needs.But if you want community.  Look elsewhere.It is good that there's no fee-per month anymore, but compared to other MMOs (and even compared to it's previous single-player titles), this game seems... lacking... Except for in Environmental beauty and lore depth."
,Not Recommended,306130,17377207,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,BunnicuChia,This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks....It has great graphics but the time to complete a quest is VERY time consuming. It takes FOREVER to reach a certain level and the story is meh. Please fix this.
,Recommended,306130,17837824,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Homeblest,"Great game, that classic elder scrolls feeling is prevalent in the gameplay, though taken away a bit because of the MMO element.7/10"
76561198040941647,Not Recommended,306130,19973806,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Elmo,i cant even start the ♥♥♥♥ing game. I get errors that i cant fix.... i paid money for this♥♥♥♥♥♥and i want my money back!
76561198156171192,Not Recommended,306130,18934840,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,amtgs2000,"After the latest update, it never worked again.  After a week or so they finally emailed me back wanting me to run a test....that didn't work either.  After over a week of trying I gave up,  No support."
76561198085357295,Recommended,306130,19832799,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,kwarrior1971,"Only thing i hate about this game, is that it takes five days to download"
76561198134989796,Recommended,306130,17565170,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Hertzmachinsid,Patch installing simulator 10/10
,Not Recommended,306130,16478608,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sazirmage,"I didnt play it much , something like 4 hours (on its own launcher) and i found it really boring. If you are a elder scrolls fan it doesnt have the feel elder scrolls games have , this is NOT a good MMORPG , if you are looking for one WoW or GW2 are the way to go.. the only good side this game has is the graphics but nothing more.."
76561198123391487,Recommended,306130,14709855,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Epicnez,This game is a pain to install took 8 hours to install the launcher then another 8 hours to install the game.  Then youu have to create a acount.  I got this when the black screen glitch was there witch was also a pain.  When you get in game its really fun.  Tons of quests to do they give you good rewards.   One thing though some times when you go up to some thing its not fully loadded like i walked up to a well and the graphics were horrable and it was flat.  I also wish the dungeons and the bosses would give you more gold.  You get thirty days to play before you have to play for me in thirty days there going to drop the fee.  Nice strategy right!  Bye it now and get rid of the extra edition when they drop the fee really fun game.
76561198102542710,Recommended,306130,15149946,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,kvjetak,"I've started playing this game 3 days ago... got myself stuck... OMG, it's 4am! Again!!!"
,Recommended,306130,17196550,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Vagrant|Opiumking,Amazing game!!! Everything i wanted from an Elder Scrolls MMO
76561198059735410,Recommended,306130,16881296,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Bubahophop,Pretty cool.
76561198078961948,Recommended,306130,17237022,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Star,"Got mad at an NPC saying I had disease ridden fur and swung at them. Ended up on a horrible slapstick comedy chase with a town guard for about five minutes straight. A+ would murder innocent, jerky civilians again. 10/10"
,Recommended,306130,23679452,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BatmanLikesNoodles,Man its been's an amazaing adventure. Just by it I have nuthing else to say.(BTW) Best game i ever played!!!!
,Not Recommended,306130,27363359,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,XtheFox,"So I have been playing for a few days, and when I say play, I really mean a few min gaps of game play between DC's.I have had no issues in any other MMO or online game."
,Not Recommended,306130,34738961,Posted: 4 September,all,WizE,took 3 hours to install in game content and now i can't refund :(
,Recommended,306130,18315953,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Recycle Bin,"I bought this game expecting to get hooked, I'm not."
,Recommended,306130,16377771,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,kkum,This was a $70 impulse buy but I'm glad it paid off.
76561198103107547,Recommended,306130,16205979,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,TheRust.,can someone help me i cant login to my account add me if you can help
,Recommended,306130,29631224,Posted: 1 February,all,Sylus,It's pretty good I guess.
,Not Recommended,306130,32000936,Posted: 27 May,all,Bane,ResidentSleeper game.
76561198007222892,Recommended,306130,34534569,Posted: 27 August,all,MrHelfrost,"Most negative reviews of this game are from launch (2014).In 2014 this game was♥♥♥♥♥♥Now however, it's a great MMORPG."
76561198005564845,Recommended,306130,31108032,Posted: 12 April,all,EndSignal,"If you used to like WoW but think it's not for you anymore, you don't have many solid choices. You can choose from a handful of imported sub-par Korean MMOs, GW2, or ESO. I got bored of writing so I'm not going to finish where I was going with this but ESO is the best of the lot."
,Recommended,306130,34557939,Posted: 28 August,all,E X O D U S,>wanting this game for about 3 years> PC sucks can't play>it goes on sale> PC specs updated af> can finally run>23 hours in>is having a blast>it was on sale for 9 euros>toxic ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ joins community>litteraly ♥♥♥♥♥ on everything>havn't even played a MMORPG before>be sad>user reviews drops from very positive to Mixed in the batter of 3 daysmfw
76561198080933022,Recommended,306130,16217332,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Chiyonosake,"With an asking price of 60 usd (or 80 if you did what i did and got the imperial version), i can say even if you some how managed to play it for only 5 hours though lets be honest... your going to do what we all do when we pick up a new mmo...and thats sit in a dark room for 12 hours on end only poping your headout for food and sex (or in some cases lotion and porn), but i digress the point is; your still getting your moneys worth.Ive been playing it for about 11 hours at the time of writing and ive had a good ol' time and only reached lvl 8 (out of roughly 50 levels) but in that 11 hours i was never bored and more importantly i enjoyed my self. I didnt feel the need to rush max level so i didnt, as theres alot of questing and exploration (and story things) you can do.It truely is like a slightly different version of skyrim (with a, in my opinion, better combat system then (tho very similar) skyrim) except you can play solo AND with friends, over various zones and lots of Small things from the solo Elderscrolls games are left intact (that are generally taken for granted when they go missing in a normal MMO).For example;1. You can still crouch to sneak.2. You can still take things from npc's (my helm and boots are uh...less then legally obtained)3. Play in first OR third person. (id say first person is fine for any thing PvE related like quests, but would say 3rd person would be a must for pvp)4. Craft gear freely5. Hit Npc's (and gain a bounty)6. Run around collecting random Plants with a uncontrollable zeal that would scare most men away.(wood or other various crafting items)Now sure there are some ""negatives"" but really id say theyre just nitpicky things from me.1. Map isnt fully unlocked atm, theres still alot of land open with lots too do but all of the ""big"" zones like skyrim or morrowind are locked last i looked at said map.2. Class/skill system could use alot more coverage. I looked all around for exactly how the thing works and only managed to find generally speaking out dated info or info that you cannot verify that is correct. So im kinda just yoloing my spec and hoping i have enough skill points at the end. (and i did search for a few hours looking at the ""class"" guides but i couldnt find more then like 1-2 that were for post tamriel unlimited.)3. I dont like how my horse desummons when i get off (or that i instantly mount it when i summon) but i understand this one as it would lead to ppl trolling people with lower grade systems with 100 horses+100 players in a very small zone, so this is really only a .5 problem imo.4. the Tutorial and the quests ive completed didnt really give me a choice in the gear they gave. i picked the ""Stealth"" class and i keep getting random heavy armor items and mage weapons. i got lucky and got a bow from the tutorials end, but was running through it with a 2h weapon which was a lil odd for me. I also didnt have any medium armor (the kind that seems to be good for this type of character) til i stole some, and crafted the rest. which i had to look around checking npc's for bout 30 minutes til i figured out how to get the mats for it (im a lil slow ok).but despite those tiny 3.5 ""problems"" i can forsee myself playing this for a few months easily.Id only recommend this to a skyrim lover IF they arnt exactly looking for a clone of that, this is very skyrimesque but its not possible for an MMO to bring the same level of immersion and such that a single player game can. but for any one who likes MMO's id definitely recommend they atleast try it."
,Recommended,306130,16555000,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Rainbow Hyphen,"When I played ESO in the beta, it was absolute garbage. Bugs were everywhere, the combat was dull and unsatisfying, and the severely restricted freedom made it feel like anything but an Elder Scrolls game.Since then, the bugs have been squashed, the combat has been improved a ton, and with the addition of the justice system, freedom has been greatly expanded. It's strange. It feels like such a light touch, and yet it makes all the difference. The new ESO is an excellent game. The B2P model is executed as well as in Guild Wars 2. Crown Store items are strictly conveniences and cosmetics. It's absolutely not pay-to-win.If you were put off by ESO early on, I'd urge you to give it another shot. ESO: TU is a completely different beast."
,Recommended,306130,18418802,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Danté,Alot better than expected.
,Recommended,306130,24022549,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ChiliCat,DON'T KILL THE CHIKENS
76561198056404753,Recommended,306130,21687181,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Phil,"I highly reccomend having a free couple of weeks ahead before purchase, if you have deadlines or assignments to do be causious as this game will take up so much of your time especially with daily bonuses for horses and other goodies."
,Recommended,306130,18022987,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,DEAD KARL,"Fantastic game, highly recommend. The gameplay is amazing and the story is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. If you are going to buy any mmo by this one, it is just so full and fantastic. The bad reviews are bogus, this game is amazing."
,Recommended,306130,24877207,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,٩( • ̃•̃)۶ ٩(๏̯͡๏)۶ ٩(-̃•̃)۶,Such a fun game! It's only been a week and i'm level 10 already!!!
,Recommended,306130,13804811,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,RazerwOw,If you like TES Oblivion buy it if you like skyrim and hate Oblivion don´t touch it
,Recommended,306130,15206289,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,MBOT,Y
76561198187597770,Recommended,306130,15123385,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Admiral Razer,"Pretty decent game, combat system is great, reminds me alot of skyrim, quests are always interesting and always something to keep you entertained. If you love Skyrim, Obvivion, Fallout, then this is your game!"
,Recommended,306130,19857911,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,gab🍆,if your friend isn't slow at leveling this game is fine
76561198308397716,Recommended,306130,26653575,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Sentvillo,Fun so far. Install will work if you follow the instructions.
76561198160728947,Recommended,306130,26697666,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,nora.freiberger,i liked it
,Recommended,306130,32894959,Posted: 27 June,all,Drakth,Stickers!
,Recommended,306130,22071712,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,LeafRebel,I am still level 1. PLEASE HELP
76561198129051195,Recommended,306130,16034467,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Rezzy,The story line always makes me emotional. Fyi this was made by zenimax then branded by bethesda. 4.9/5
,Recommended,306130,16121335,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,𝓐𝓻𝓳𝓪𝓷𝓥𝓚,"Have you enjoyed TES: Skyrim? Does the idea of a game like that, but multiplayer, with all the MMO Goodness like mounts, pets, dyes and guilds sound fantastic to you? Then this the game for you."
76561198095231820,Recommended,306130,13568682,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,PantaxouParon,i always liked The Elder Scrolls Series and i always wanted to have co-op or multiplayer and my dream came true an online Skyrim
76561198172039755,Recommended,306130,15794912,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Sm3llyTa1nt69,unreal.
,Recommended,306130,15255430,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,R0LLc33,Good game.
,Recommended,306130,13517571,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Wreckedcodeman,Yes I would recommend this game to friends but I would say instead of getting it from steam get the game from Elderscollsonline there its only 20 $ vs the 60$ you spend on steam...
,Recommended,306130,14587480,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,The Real JaSaMod♥,this game has:netcheswalking lizard peopletalking cat menpvpmany many weapons and armour to choose fromamazing story line10/10 would kill a netch multiple times again(it only says that amount of hours because my steam wouldn't activate when i opened the game)
,Recommended,306130,15272041,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Casual,A really unique MMO. Elder Scrolls fans should get this.
,Recommended,306130,16076807,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,♫ Frost-Byte ♫,Now that there is no subscription. I honestly see no reason not to get it. (If you have the money)
,Recommended,306130,16111112,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,DukeSemperFi,Lots of fun! Great addition to the Elder Scrolls and a must have for mmo gamers.
76561198060673366,Recommended,306130,15270393,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,redwoodrob,It's excellent now and will only get better. I have a tough time stopping......
76561198026949565,Recommended,306130,16105997,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,JTF2,"ESO is a very well done game, I just am not a fan of the PvP style :( Other then that the experience was amazing!"
,Recommended,306130,15269667,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Zurch Tech,THIS IS SUCH AN AMAZING GAME
76561198043386487,Recommended,306130,15707071,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Wilcrez,"I have many opinions on what could make this better, but I do recommend it.As an Elder Scrolls game, it is very lacking. As an MMORPG, it is also very lacking. As both... I'd have to say NOT worth the $60 I paid. Sort of sore on that. Wait. See if it comes down.I'm annoyed by the classes. Only four currently, and there does not seem to be a way to cross class skills."
76561198065219201,Recommended,306130,16084765,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Mortimer Leech WAGGGHHH!!,"I didn't play this before the change to B2P. But, I do have to say I enjoy it so far very much and found that I always have something to do. Plus I love the crafting!"
76561198328531421,Recommended,306130,30102624,Posted: 22 February,all,Tesreal,"This is so fun. Forget WOW, this is the game to play."
,Recommended,306130,28079630,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,carlos100,Looking good so far but seems a watered down version of Skyrim as combat is really basic with auto health regen.Runs well and enjoying so far.
76561198063427726,Recommended,306130,17858852,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,lustidrike,"A lot of people who gave this game bad reviews were either looking for a ""skyrim with friends"" expierence or played it in the rough beta. It is a great game. With three different factions that all have their own great plotlines."
76561198034654486,Recommended,306130,28650495,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,A7 Lost Soul,Awesome mmo
76561198080918607,Not Recommended,306130,32396341,Posted: 13 June,all,cancer,"This game is just a money machine using the good name of the elder scrolls franchise as crutches. Dont trust this ""betheda"" or should i say zenimax, the coorptate a-holes who  exploit the weak minded and stupid for profit. Unlike their cousins betheda game studios they do not care for us or the quality of their games, only money."
,Recommended,306130,33822977,Posted: 26 July,all,ScruffyMaster7,is good game
76561198053436818,Recommended,306130,29907701,Posted: 13 February,all,Ploopinator,dank meme
76561198040873618,Recommended,306130,17865095,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Thorfin,pretty good
76561198180162515,Recommended,306130,17837525,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,AGEdger,"I haven't played much of this game, but I have played over 5k hours on Skyrim and Oblivion, and about 2k on Morrowind, and I can say that it sticks to lore as much as any other Elder Scrolls. This game is a very good game as long as you remember what it mainly is - a MMORPG. It is sculpted to occupy many players, and does so very well. While playing this game you feel immersed; running across another adventurer only once in a while; considering the very large map for each area and the controlled servers. If I were to give this a rating (mind you it's after Tamriel Unlimited) I'd give it a solid 9/10. Good job on this one guys."
,Recommended,306130,17759995,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Clint Dudwood,Just startedi like game
,Recommended,306130,17847060,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,DJ - I'm Mad,"I've played many mmos and mmorpgs but this one was the first to actually keep me playing after a few weeks of playing, and I'm sure I'm going to play for a very long time."
76561198156006455,Not Recommended,306130,17067609,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,teheuschkel,"Welcome to the most disappointing MMO in the history of games! This game was the most singleplayer-based multiplayer I have ever played. There is no direct objective to reach within the multiplayer realm. The one main multiplayer aspect, PVP, is complete trash. The PVP is no more than some Vet 14's standing back with an OP power or skill. The actual PVP is terrible as its people with some OP gear swinging at each other like idiots. If you plan to buy this game just because it has Elder Scrolls in the title, I would HIGHLY advise not to do so. It was a waste of money and the biggest disappointment of a game I have ever bought. 0/10"
,Recommended,306130,20223107,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Caos Commander,This game is really good and I really love the story lane
76561198188094509,Recommended,306130,16025860,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,dkenslerchiaverini,This game makes me feel tickly
,Recommended,306130,25084876,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,(Strai),"★★★☆☆ESO tries too hard to be an Elder Scrolls and MMO at the same time, leaning more towards MMO, and fails to excel at either.The world doesn't feel alive or react to your existance, openworld/exploration is practically non-existant, locations just feel like placeholders for respawning NPCs.  While gameplay is slightly better than ""kill 10 bears"", not by much.  You go to an area, you get a quest, you go where the quest points you, repeat.  There are no decisions to be made in quest lines, or multiple ways to approach the quests.  If you hated Fallout 4 because of the lacking dialogue system, don't even bother with this one.  Stealth and Charisma aren't options, and magic isn't an interactive utility - only used for combat.+ Music+ Addon support+ No monthly fee+ Varied Locations+ Fully voice acted+ No enemy tagging+ Loading screen art+ Everything levels up+ Visual equipment variety+ Meaningful weapon variety+ Detailed equipment system+ Varied and detailed skill trees+ Interesting combat mechanics+ Parties save between sessions+ Use any equipment type on any class+ Pets and mounts are shown at character select+ Animations when checking a menu/bag or map+ Dynamic gathering that doesn't require tools or leveling+ Bank is shared between characters and used for crafting+- Viable FPS and 3PS cameras.  Viable, not perfect.+- Cash shop, seems somewhat balanced on vanity items+- Loot!  Get lots of it, but unlike regular Elder Scrolls, you can't steal every bandit's pants.+- Character creation, while detailed, lacks appealing options.  There are no good hair styles or beards, for example, a long running problem with the Elder Scrolls series.- Race/Faction lock- Empty exploration- Lackluster graphics- Shared resource nodes- Can't preview equipment- Model and Texture LoDing- Poor performance in dense areas- Can't see buffs or debuffs in combat- Grumpy guards inturupt conversations- UI settings don't save between characters- Mount speed is barely faster than walking- FoV is crazy low (there is a mod to fix this)- Need to stop moving before you can interact- The option to attack innocents is on by default- Accidental stealing (there is an addon to fix this)- Low Rez textures, especially a problem in FPS mode- Abilities/categories levelup by existing on your hotbar- Hands can look weird, especially a problem in FPS mode- Can't preview ability morphs unless you have a skill point- Still has game breaking bugs and crashes, years after release- No barber.  Appearance Change added recently, in the cash shop- Most abilities can't be used freely, only if you're aiming at a target- Account names are shown with your character name for no reason- Even in safe zones, there is a 10 second delay before you can logout- Compass marks for quests are half broken, often showing multiple irrelevant marks- Difficult to keep track of party members, due to lack of minimap or compass marks- Inventory can carry X amount of unique items, but unlimited number of those per stack- Combat pets are awful, they get stuck, they get lost, they linger in combat, they barely do any damage, and have no utility, you can't rename them...- While most abilities can be accessed by everyone, linking abilities to the class system forces you to restart/replay the entire game just for a handful of different core abilities.- You can't enter some areas unless you have a quest there.  This means you can't help other players/friends unless you're both on the same quest.  (This may have been due to a party bug)- Clunky, unresponsive, unimpactful, redundant, overlapping combat mechanics.  Damaging spells are pointless, as your regular attacks do just as much DPS and don't OOM you.  You can't use both at once.  You can only equip 5 abilities at a time, so learning more abilities is a waste of points, and if you're playing a healer, means you likely won't have a single damaging ability anyway.  Generally, all combat involves is holding down left mouse button for 10 seconds as your character awkwardly replays the same animation chain over and over."
,Recommended,306130,26198080,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,rip mirage again,I got all my trading cards while waiting for the launcher to download the actual game 10/10
76561198072484238,Not Recommended,306130,19100141,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Phazerman,"Although steam says I have logged 69 hours I've logged about 2. The majority of that is waiting for the game to update and the part is me attempting to fix the damn ""Requesting Character Load."" If you buy this there is not guarantee it will work. This game doesn't work at all on my own computer because there is some stupid thing that prevents me from logging in. This has worked once for me and if you want to take your chances with it you can but now I can't get a refund because I've been trying to fix it. This is a great game but hardly ever logs in."
76561198044341265,Not Recommended,306130,31733234,Posted: 13 May,all,46h 55h 43h 4Bh,Mostly upset over the this whole gold edition thing. I bought the game way back in the day for close to full price and now the gold edition is out and there is no way for me to upgrade or get the dlc at a discount. Plus the game is just boring and tedious. Graphically its also below standard. Honestly you are better off getting GW2.
76561197992691401,Not Recommended,306130,29227271,Posted: 13 January,all,hyperborean_wanderer,"Very pretty game but no content.  Quests are simplistic and boring.  Good for the kiddies, not for serious gamers or fans of previous Elder Scrolls games."
,Not Recommended,306130,29262384,Posted: 14 January,all,Siyano,"meh, too mmo-ified, some thing work some thing doesn't can say its a recommendation for me"
76561198371500615,Not Recommended,306130,33889527,Posted: 29 July,all,Nimarus,"I played this game on Playtation 4, then later tried it again on PC.I've been a fan of The Elder Scrolls series sense the release of The Elder Scrolls 3: Morrowind. If your looking for something to help tide you off until TES6 (which is unknown if it's really in development at all), well...you may be disapointed. However, if you like MMO games and would like one with a bit of Elder Scrolls added to it, then you may enjoy it.To put it simply, this is an MMO that tries hard to make itself feel like an Elder Scrolls game. At first, I liked this game. There was some Lore that fit in with the series, recognizable locations to past games, etc. One thing I always liked to do in all Elder Scrolls games, is to collect unique items. I also liked collecting and displaying items that where given to me as a reward. A uniquely named Destruction Staff for helping you out? Well, that's going on the wall as a momento. Because of the MMO inventory system, you can carry only so much, so you have to sell/destroy items you may want to keep. So, you end up getting rid of items that are, as far as stats go, useless.Combat is more fun than some other MMOs where you just click ""Attack"" and watch them attack. Use of magic is nowhere near as good as the single player series. This is for balancing between different classes, which brings up another issue for me. If I want to be a stealthy Warhammer wealding Battlemage, then I want to be that. Elder Scrolls games don't force you to play a specific roll, but MMOs do. The stories for missions are good, with very few ""Hero, please collect 10 fox pelts and return to me"" types of quests.Again, if your wanting an Elder Scrolls experience to get that Elder Scrolls fix your looking for, this may not be for you. If you enjoy both MMOs and single player Elder Scrolls games, then you may actually enjoy this. I played for some time, but it never pulled me away from that desire for the next REAL Elder Scrolls game. It's a good MMO, but does not hold a candle to a REAL Elder Scrolls game."
,Not Recommended,306130,33893497,Posted: 29 July,all,ag gin ymsi amaso,tmw you can't even get the damned game loading through steam and waste your weekend redownloading and trying different methods to get it started but it still brings up that dreaded infinite loading whenever you try to playthank you zenimax thank you
76561197988317248,Recommended,306130,16216982,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,nordas,Nice game
76561198085753081,Recommended,306130,23283942,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,AWS,Nice game
76561198172044041,Recommended,306130,17162184,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Johnny McGlynn,bae
,Recommended,306130,26719036,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Tanto,"This is a MMO, so it will not be like skyrim. Ignore the negative reviews."
76561198225061532,Not Recommended,306130,31216064,Posted: 18 April,all,Teheru,"Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥downloader.Had the game before, tried to patch.  Hit play: nothing.  Again, nothing. Checked files ""514 files missing.""  Err... what?Spend FIVE AND A HALF HOURS re-acquiring the entire ♥♥♥♥ing game.Patched.Hit Play: nothing. Checked files ""514 files missing.""""Downloading.""Can't even shut off the auto downloader, since it obviously doesn't work.While downloading ANOTHER 4.5 hours, finally found post ""don't use file check with this game.""  So...  if it's a known problem, why is there not either a message that pops up when you click, or why hasn't it been disabled for this game?  Logic must be too hard for Steam employees.Downloaded again, patched, ""repair.""This time it will work, right??  Hit Play.Nothing.Repair.Nothing.Scoured internet for fixes, did everything (and I mean everything) recommended. Uninstalled, clean install, patched, repaired. (Another 5 hours.)Nothing.My son has an almost identical computer, same OS, same graphics card, -2 GB ram, his game downloaded and played immediately. (We purchased during the sale, figuring I'd come back to this game to play it with him).I've now used 240GB of this month's internet and still have no game to play.Added:  now, more than 24 hours after starting the first download, it's playable.  After much research, growling, and swearing we discovered ONE SINGLE corrupt file that was preventing the entire game from starting.  A .dll file used by windows in C++I've practically had to reinstall Windows to get a game running?  Not very robust.  Bethesda and Steam, your programmers suck."
76561198346495257,Recommended,306130,30110689,Posted: 22 February,all,GMM,I DON'T NEED REAL LIFE ANYMORE
,Not Recommended,306130,19947546,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Lex,"Thought it was a great  deal, until the game constantly crashed, and would periodically lose controller support as I played."
76561198111910579,Not Recommended,306130,31240958,Posted: 19 April,all,Saala Videocon,"Okay, here's my first negative review of a game probably ever in my 25 years of life. Purchased the game 4 days ago, since then the only things I've done are:1) Waited 12 hour for 80 GB download2) Installing error - looked for fix for additional hours, fixed3) Login error - looked for hours again for a fix, okay fixed.4) Played the game for less than an hour with a test character to just f*ing get into the game once, works, okay so I can play properly tomorrow.5) Next day, started launcher, steam says the game needs to be installed again (wtf??), spent the day downloading 80 GB again6) Downloading done. Started game, server is unresponsive due to internal issues.Can't ask for refund 'cause the game counted download/install time as gameplay time, which exceeds 2 hours.Forums DO SAY steam version ESO sucks and that we should take the cd key from steam and download from ESO official website. BUT WELL, steam has stopped giving cd keys for their games recently.I thought purchasing games through steam would mean no hassle easy installs and plays, but this just opened my eyes. Never buying any game from steam again.All in all a very messed up experience, 4 days in after purchase still can't get started with the game. I realise this is more of a Steam version ESO review I gave, but that's my point, the game sucks if youget it through steam.End note: If you've got a limited data limit to your downloads, I wouldn't recommend downloading through steam because of a re-download process on every problem that occurs. also don't click the 'Verify files' button in case you get a problem with this, it's gonna re-download the whole 80 GB again. BAD BAD experience.Regards,Harshit"
76561198027921774,Not Recommended,306130,19572860,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Fiutcha,"Two words: Boring and Mediocre.I used to play GW2 for a long time, but got bored and decided to try a new game.I really love the elder scrolls games. Played Morrowind, Oblivion and Skyrim. So I thought: elder scrolls and online?! I'm in!This game is just a shame to the elder scrolls title.I don't know why, but this one has not the feeling of the other elder scrolls.The quests are boring and the Alliance Wars are just the same zerging of GW2 WvW.There's absolutely nothing new in the game, its just like every other MMORPG that came before."
,Recommended,306130,31120791,Posted: 13 April,all,TwistedDude,"This game is one of the best mmo's ive ever played and i got addicted to it very fast. It's also not as buggy as skyrim. The scenery is awesome. The npc's are fun to talk to. the fighting system is easy to use. The best feature of this game is the open world, It's very relaxing and ressuring knowing i'll be around other players whereever i go.The only down side to this game is the huge install(50 GB i think it was) but if your pc can take it, You should definetly give this game a try.1 other thing i well add is the game has a scaling system where everything( even bosses) scale to your level. And alot of people are not happy with this because it means depending on what gear they have, a level 10 can be stronger then a level 20. And also ruins the fun of grinding and leveling up to do harder quests. Why they would choose to go aganist every other mmo and add a scaling system i dont understand."
76561198028070844,Recommended,306130,16846107,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Dejeffers,10/10
,Recommended,306130,17245828,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,nicenicenice,its ok
,Recommended,306130,17254005,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Foxnos,"Note: I own the game outside of steam.It's a fun leveling, pvp and pve experience!Remember this is not ""Skyrim 2.0"" or ""Skyrim: Online"". Expect an MMO.IF YOU HAVE WATCHED THE BETA AND RELEASE REVIEWS OF THE GAME:Most if not all the issues back then has been resolved. I have yet to encounter any bugs, dungeon loot gets splitt evenly, questing can be done with friends easily and all the other quircks of release aren't there anymore.So if you're looking for an MMO with a fun leveling experience, interesting combat with interesting and nearly unlimited class choises and mechanics, i HIGHLY recommend this game. I was sceptical, but was not disappointed."
,Recommended,306130,17257049,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,PandaVeranda,"10 / 10I was looking for a good mmo for a long time, now that the subscription is gone: the game totally rocks!* So much content* big map to play on* lots of variantion is skills / spells and abilities* 9 races to choice from* 3 different factions* every new cloth item is different in appearance* huge amount of quests that are really different from one and another"
,Recommended,306130,17461345,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,GamerNoob16,"This game to me fells like an Elder Scrolls game you can explore, craft, and more. although it isnt a ""skyrim online"" you should check it out. The game doesn't have the graphics of skyrim, tho if it were possible there would be a lot less players in the world because of the fact that you would need a preety beefy computer to run it, tho the graphics are nice. The main storyline of the game is good tho it could be better. The sidequest are awesome they are dinamic in story and in adventure. Before buying this game i was hesitant to buy it because of all the negative reviews i've heard and i did hate this game when it first game out because of the fact that i had to buy the imperial edition just to play as an imperial, But in the end it was worth it. This is now my main MMO that i play and i will continue to play it untill the game dies or is just not fun anymore, but i mean it's in Elder Scrolls game it's never going to be not fun. I would give this game a 9/10 for the fact that the main storyline isn't that great, but it's still good. I would recomend this to anybody that is an Elder Scrolls fan or an MMO fan. The game is B2P meaning but it once and play as long as you like no lvl resrictions everything is there. You will however have to buy the DLC's that come out ther are only 2500 crowns if i'm not mistaken which would add up to $30 to $40. I hope this review was helpful to anyone that is looking to buy this game."
,Recommended,306130,16869433,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Activis,I really love this game and do recommend it.
,Recommended,306130,16229809,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,V!C0U$,"Minding my own business at level 4, killing monsters and leveling upWerewolf player comes out of nowhere and invites me to guildI join20 mins later at level 5 im a werewolf10/10 would be low level OP again"
,Recommended,306130,17256530,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Lirax,"Selected ArgonianCompleted tutorial questWake up in a strange houseMeet my friend outsideGo to the town squareMeet another Argonian in shining armorFind out there are emotes in this gameTake all our clothes offSpend the next two hours doing pushups in eachother's crotches and thrusting our hips at eachother's butts10/10 would suck Argonian d**k again.(But really, great game)"
,Recommended,306130,17299450,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Vuff,Tripping balls
,Not Recommended,306130,18204856,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,luke,This is a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198141402327,Not Recommended,306130,18209678,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ScootyPuff_Sr,Better than most MMORPGs like KOTOR. Plays like your average elderscrolls game but with level limited acess to armor.butits almost unplayable at times. the servers are not up to the task. frame rate problems and lag that you litterally cannot play with. cant even try. just have to leave the game and try again when not in peak hours.the shame is this isnt a new problem. the fourms will show this has been going on since start up.i regret the time spent on this game.
76561197985674328,Not Recommended,306130,18139227,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,*****,"I've had the game for several days now.  It doesn't run and support is completely unresponsive.  Might be a good game if it worked.  If you have problems with it though, it looks like you are on your own.  Cannot reccommend."
,Recommended,306130,23493785,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Maldevich,"The community is good & helpfull not like the toxic community that mostly exist on F2P gamesThe game is really like Elder Scrolls game but with multiplayer. Cause even i had so many immersive mods on Skyrim, playing it alone is still lonely.In the end i give this game score 9/10Cause there nothing perfect in this world. Especially manmade."
,Recommended,306130,15538914,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Mazzza,"WOW NO BS, EVERYTHING THEY SAY IS TRUE, THIS GAME IS TOP NOTCH, AN MMORPG LIKE NO OTHER, THE COMBAT SYSTEM IS JUST GREAT AND THE QUESTING IS AMAZING LIKE EVERY OTHER ELDER SCROLLS GAME."
,Recommended,306130,31081823,Posted: 11 April,all,Sausage,fun game
,Recommended,306130,24717347,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Leproquan,It is a good♥♥♥♥♥game!
76561198317785169,Recommended,306130,24763820,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,PrincessOfPersia,"People used to say the game was bad when it first came out but it seems pretty fun, I definitely like it."
,Recommended,306130,24832774,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Are the ghosts of slaves white?,The best game ever made.
76561198024153413,Recommended,306130,25026878,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,FluFFy ToasterZ,havent played much but so far its ok
76561198169137721,Recommended,306130,25343874,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Dark Cookie,Good
76561198164930277,Recommended,306130,24375610,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,AtifAhmed,Amazing game...
76561198233622432,Recommended,306130,25255337,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Abro,Great
76561198070400192,Recommended,306130,25339381,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,✪MadMax✪,Pls someone tell me i downloaded the game i started it and the patcher is downnloading unlimitedly it first downloaded i think a patch 9GB after it was then 4GB and now 11GB someone tell me how much GB is going to download more?
76561198163491545,Not Recommended,306130,27780858,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,countryfarmer18,"Bought the game, downloaded a ridiculous amount of data, won't start. Won't do anything actually. Currently re-downloading because I don't know what else to do. If that doesn't work, I'm done. Running a Mac computer, if anyone cares"
,Not Recommended,306130,27806223,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,✯Spartan✯,"I have puchased this game about a week ago. I am a really big fan of the elder scrolls, But after puchasing the game i have not been able to play it because of the 209 manifest error. I went to the support page to see if there where was to fix the poblem that which i was having. I followed all of them. I have tied to reinstall the game 3 times already as the finallly test to see if it would fix it, but it has not! If anyone has had this and fixed it please get hold of me via steam!"
76561198046260829,Not Recommended,306130,28212779,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,tealskym,very bad support. random bans with out explanation or offer of appeal.
,Not Recommended,306130,28306645,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ErikaBear,"I bought the game on steam today and then on Elder Scrolls Online first thing I tried was the option of LOG IN USING YOUR STEAM ACCOUNT option but it said:Steam version not present. Steam version of The Elder Scrolls Online is required to log in with Steam account details.I do have the game on steam though so wtf!!?? I tried running the exe's as admin and one worked and made a new account but could not login it would say my UN or PW was wrong and to launch via Steam if I had the steam version, when I launch the steam version it says connection to server timed out try again later.had to reinstall 3 times and still didn't work"
76561198017411083,Not Recommended,306130,28918534,Posted: 1 January,all,FiSTaN,"While there is immense amount of content within the game, quality of it leaves much to be desired. So much that most of the the time i watch anime on the side to keep me entertained while i leveled. Aside from a couple questlines (primarily the main questline and dark brotherhood was decent, so far at least) But the biggest disappointment for me was the limited space we are given. They give you so little space, leveling up just one character's crafting consumes all bank space which is shared btw, so you can't level up more than 2-3 crafting lines including your alts. Unless you pay the monthly fee ofc which♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to no end, as there is a tool that can hold all your crafting mats and lets you able to enjoy a very major content in the game without a hickup. That also severely limits your ability to make money (unlike some games, here gold is everything.). And the devs were apparently adamant about crafting bag being an exclusive payment perk which i learned too late. Made me think it was arranged this way intentionally. So unless you are fine paying for the monthly fee for a very average MMO, i do not recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,306130,28314553,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,misscatiek,"Marathoned Skyrim for quite a while then I decided, why not, I'll get ESO. Nope. Played for a little bit and decided to stick with Skyrim. The questing is boring, the ability points make no sense (""You've gained points for heavy armor!"" I'm...not...wearing heavy armor.) and I had no idea what I was doing half the time. It played more like an ""off-brand"" MMO than something you'd expect from a big name company like Bethesda.I wanted to like ESO, but it's just not a good game.If someone were to ask me if they should get this game after playing Skyrim, I would tell them to stick to Skyrim."
76561198013162396,Not Recommended,306130,30371752,Posted: 7 March,all,Back_Up,"Bought it, been trying to connect for last 2 days. No exegeration after 50 connection attempts i managed to get in to play the tutorial.Got disconnected after i finished that tutorial, when i was supposed to be sent to the game world.Tried reconnecting again 10 times with no success. Stuck at 'requesting character load'Not the only one with this problem, quite a lot.I am looking on a refund."
76561198114743786,Not Recommended,306130,27844031,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,!☢! click73s,this game feels like it been cheaply done and half finishedfishing no skill and a pole apears in your handsyou can pay real money for just about any thing you can dream ofcombat is very basiclevel progression from 1-50 is just bad still killing mobs with same hit  points nothing scales in this gameyou can have 5 skills plus one ultimate very badly donesad to say this has some of the lore from elder scrolls but none of the game playto join thieves guild cost real moneydark brotherhood cost real moneythis game is a cash hog
,Recommended,306130,15597347,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,JUST GET A HOUSE,A MMO RPG version of Bad Rats. I like it.
,Not Recommended,306130,33443274,Posted: 10 July,all,Space_Zebras,"Elder Scrolls Online is another fantasy grinding game pure and simple. I really dont have anything positive for this game other than the beautiful game world. Outside of that though, there isnt much gameplay here if your looking for a game to sink in to. There are quests and resources but they dont plunge the player into the world. However; there is a very dedicated base of players for ESO so they must be doing something right. What it is though, I've not figured out as of yet."
,Not Recommended,306130,32304909,Posted: 9 June,all,Catacaramel,"I haven't played this game a whole lot, but it does seem to be pretty decent. Not a bad game, and it seems to blend mmorpgs with The Elder Scrolls/open world games very well. I personally enjoy it. So why did I decide to not recommend this game?(This is focusing on the bad parts of the game that I found a bit ridiculous.)Tl;dr: Assassins are broken and this game was only designed to make money. Too much DLC, used to be more expensive and now I wasted some money. :(Here's why: Let's look at the classes. Clearly, since this isn't meant to be Skyrim online and instead maybe Oblivion online with a dash of Skyrim in it, you select from a bunch of different classes which I don't really like myself. While this is an Elder Scrolls game where sneaking is very effective especially in Skyrim, I wouldn't say it is in this game. At all. I didn't mess with it much since I really didn't like it, but it seems more like the enemies detect you more the closer they are which makes no sense. I tried to shoot and arrow while sneaking once, and it forced me to stop sneaking which completely breaks the archer + assassin combo I'd always use in Skyrim. There's also the fact that this is an online game, meaning sneaking is never really an option which is why most games have their ""assassins"" just move fast and do damage. If you want to play as a mage, there's no spells (from my knowledge, I'm assuming they can possibly be acquired through skills) so you use staves, but I hear it's a good class. The others I'm unsure on, but they're all a bit weird and involve the constant use of skills with normal Skyrim attacks which adds more to combat, but also is just more repetitive attacks.My other reason is money. I heard that this game used to require a subscription plus $60. Subscriptions on a game you buy for more than $20 is ridiculous. In my opinion, even paying $60 for this is ridiculous. No, it's not that it isn't really worth that much, it does have decent graphics and is fairly large, but that's $60 missing some races and barely even being able to get a horse or a pet (that does nothing but follow you). If you want a ride or pet it's extra and expensive for what it is, but that's normal for an mmo, right? No, not really since most others are free or much cheaper. Yes, I'm talking about this game as if it is $60 though now it's $30 for the original, but it was still stupid and now they're selling it for $40 with possibly everything but the additional random mount purchases and this weird new ""Morrowind"" thingy when I spent probably up to $60 since I got the game with DLC for all races when it was on sale and an extra amount (forgot how much) because I couldn't resist the temptation of getting a Skyrim looking dog and a prettier horse plus bonus items that are consumables. That's a lot. I missed out on a cheap price. But anyways... they kept releasing DLC which looks like it should've been a part of the game and now there's this Morrowind thing. If all this DLC contains a lot of content, then sure, maybe it isn't so bad, but I don't remember seeing Skyrim or Oblivion with Thieve's Guild DLC.(Also, I feel like the developers didn't know how to make online games well enough, because you barely do anything with other players and it used to be you would struggle to slightly have them join you.)"
,Recommended,306130,19560681,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,grandwizard,better than fallout
76561198007792140,Recommended,306130,16210207,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Serge,Pain in the♥♥♥♥♥download and patching (Probly beacuse of steam) But the game is just like GW2 with the elements of The Elder Scrolls
,Recommended,306130,31152832,Posted: 15 April,all,RastaTurtle,"As from human who enjoys elder scrolls series and other rpgs, I have to say I do enjoy this game.At first minutes in I wasn't sure, but now that I'm almost 8h into game I do really like itFor me Pros are that:+Game is running smooth without issues+Combat system is quite enjoyable+and the variety of items + crafting + and so on....Well to realy know you have to play"
76561198119355374,Recommended,306130,16632261,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,EmoRon,"Extremely well put together in comparison to any MMORPG of today. Graphics are intense, action is desirable. I have everything set to ultra and zero lag. One of my favorite benefits of ESO is whenever I buy Crowns and spend them on whatever enhancements, any character has access to it by account instead of by character like WOW.Area 51 AlienwareRAM 16gbNvidia GTX 970 Gfx Cardi7 6 core 3.8 turboWin10Time Warner - 30 down / 5 up"
76561198329133805,Recommended,306130,31150814,Posted: 15 April,all,精细鬼,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198214750413,Not Recommended,306130,31226654,Posted: 18 April,all,Yours truly,.
76561198068789296,Recommended,306130,26741106,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Combat Wombat,"NEVER EVER buy this on vanilla edition, buy Gold edition instead."
,Not Recommended,306130,29732227,Posted: 5 February,all,dank.meemays,I want to like this game but it's super boring and feels like a chore to play/level up. I might change this but right now it's just kinda meh for me.
76561198067608490,Recommended,306130,31496549,Posted: 1 May,all,MrMilkman254,"Really fun mmo, plenty of fun stuff to do for hours."
76561198127245938,Recommended,306130,31508875,Posted: 2 May,all,Apex-_Predator,9/10 would be 10/10 but server maternace weekly taking over 6 hour takes the ****
76561198202710638,Recommended,306130,31508963,Posted: 2 May,all,1/8/2011,"Good game, no less can be said."
,Recommended,306130,31506772,Posted: 2 May,all,Gwynbleiddy,"Need more variability and diversity in quests, but still pretty good7/10"
76561198193174429,Not Recommended,306130,31169099,Posted: 15 April,all,Professor Pirate,"I have tried to install this game 9 times over the past 2 months and it will not install despite all of the varies websites I have read to try and fix this. Computer techs cannot find a solution to this problem  either. This is apparently a really, really common problem. Steam will not give me a refund as you have to request a refund immediately - they don't care that I have spent two moths of grief trying to fix their faulty software. Their customer service is dreadful. Do not download this game from Steam."
,Recommended,306130,31178608,Posted: 16 April,all,Fallschirmjäger,Its like wow but it doesnot suck.
76561197961575651,Recommended,306130,26735533,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Zarunil,"Don't go in expecting an experience like Skyrim or Morrowind, and you won't be disappointed if you like MMOs."
,Not Recommended,306130,32034937,Posted: 28 May,all,Aydena,"First things first. Game is graphically pleasing, music is good and the fact you can join 5 guilds is awesome. Another good thing is you can level all of your crafting skills.Now to the bad things:-Combat is ""kinda"" fast paced, but extremely repetitive along the classes since the only difference are 3 skill lines between them and the fact that you have to choose a resource to focus on (magicka or stamina), the racial skill line is also somewhat different but it has to do with resource regen, mostly.- The classes all feel mostly the same.- The crafting system is, as in most MMOs, not that creative. At least you have some use for the equips you make and the consumables.- Enemies are mostly the same type of bland humanoid.- Classes and resources are badly balanced. Same as other MMOs out there, ranged have an advantage over melee.-Now to the worst of all: Morrowind expansion. It has a price tag of a full game and yet it delivers almost NOTHING. One new zone and a new class, that's it. Zone is beautiful and kinda big, but it's the same as are the other zones. New class is disappointing as are all classes in this game, since none have a defining personality.-Content is bland and repetitive.All in all, this game is a huge disappointment and the only thing remotely resembling of Elder Scrolls is the lore and the name, nothing else."
76561198106594898,Recommended,306130,23952957,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,grotibaba,its alright mate
,Recommended,306130,20211884,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mesa,game size??!! 115 GB???!!!!!!!!
76561198175749479,Recommended,306130,20649693,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,You're a big guy,FRICKING GET YOU FRICK
,Recommended,306130,27712445,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bryan,10/10 would try to find my objective for 5 hours again
76561198096587084,Recommended,306130,18902173,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,The_name_is_Egoroth,"I can't reinstall this game for the life of me. I made a new account, I have the steam key code, yet it's not going through. I heard the servers might be down for the week, ether way. 0 out of 10. ♥♥♥♥ing work you ♥♥♥♥♥♥ money snatching♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198120774585,Not Recommended,306130,31513814,Posted: 2 May,all,Chaotic Vision,If you're looking for a good Elder Scrolls game look elsewhere because you will not find one here.
76561198311920258,Recommended,306130,28337667,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,carson hehexd,Its rly gud
76561198047607041,Recommended,306130,25487353,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Valtyrai,i like it
,Recommended,306130,25487501,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,PapaStewmeister1gS,"If you liked only skyrim, you won't like this."
76561198101230417,Recommended,306130,24862994,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Pipe GOD,"Tons of Fun to play, very underrated game. Love it."
76561198274764019,Recommended,306130,28250623,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Lebejer,Boooiii it tooo good
,Recommended,306130,21733607,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,thomasgdl1,-Installs game-On launcher-More installing-Launches game-Tries to log in my account-Login error-Spends a while trying to connect-Login error-Keeps trying to connect-Login error-Login error-Login error-Does some research on how to fix the problem-Tries the stuff-Login error-Still trying to login-Login error-Login error-Login error10/10 game would get a login error again.
76561198150285450,Not Recommended,306130,31300084,Posted: 22 April,all,Jappy The Reaper,"The game won't launch at launcher. And the sad part is, my steam account claimed I already played more than 2 hours while I'm just still in the game launcher updating the patch and stuff and finding out how to launch the game. There is no clear answer on how to fix this bug. Ironically, steam won't even review my plea for a refund since I exceeded the time limit for the refund qualification just being in the game launcher. Now, I am left in doubts of buying another game from steam again. To the developer of this game, please find an accurate fix on this issue. To Steam, please improve your after sales service next time. I hate you for this."
,Recommended,306130,16717237,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,QUEN,Cucok buat habisin waktuspeedy 1Mb ngak masalahdownload nya aja yang butuh waktu 1 mingguanhehehe
76561198215335852,Recommended,306130,16725107,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,[WN] Kellan,The launcher isnt working for me it show the three ppl and just says loading idk how to fix it
76561198410184124,Recommended,306130,34804949,Posted: 7 September,all,Kenisu178,Best Game
76561198148841607,Recommended,306130,24040204,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,xSterben,"when ever i start the game and it takes me too the loading screen it always crashes or it doesnt load, and it says that it fails too start the game"
,Recommended,306130,21703137,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,FIZZGIZZ,"It is just a great game which you should play and have a go at, and see if you like it or not."
76561198136643789,Recommended,306130,18392278,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,♠Hiderwall♠ | New PC,IGN 10/10 Would play again!
,Recommended,306130,17081097,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Ptilly,"This game took me by suprise, as I HATE MMORPG's. I am extremely satisfied with the content and detail tooken into consideration with ESO, and hope to have many more hours playing on it. *Ignore the low play-time, as I do not launch ESO through the launcher."
76561198079362423,Recommended,306130,22487136,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Sproll,TESO =♥♥♥♥♥♥TESO TU = Amazing
76561198029341628,Recommended,306130,18319551,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Voltharion,"Obviously, how one idealizes a certain genre affects how one enjoys a game of that certain genre.  As a game?  ESO is great.  With the subscription cost gone and a MAJOR improvement to the gameplay, this game has the potential to be the best MMORPG.  The quests dont feel linear or mediocre, but rather capture the player with its depth and creativity.  The world may not be as expansive as a game like WoW.  But quality over quantity.  ESO paints the world rather than merely sketching it.  Crafting is now desired rather than dreaded, and gathering resources isnt too difficult.However ESO fails as a core RPG.  The combat is bland, with only 5 skills and 4 classes to choose from.  When the enemies start to aggro, I start to sigh as the combat is very limited.  Personally, I feel the point of an RPG is to be able to become someone you arent in the real world.  ESO fails to replicate WoW's ability to do so.  While some people argue that ESO is supposed to be flexible, like a mage can be a magical assassin wielding daggers, the skill bar is still limited to only 5 combat skills.  There are a lot of passives that can make combat enjoyable.  But with 5 or less available action skills there is much less options available when combat begins, making fighting a bore.  With MMORPGs like World of Warcraft or Tera there are a lot skills which chain and interact with each other, while the bosses change their behavior making combat much more refreshing.I am just giving my honest review on ESO.  All I want to do is help the conflicted consumer out with a two sided argument on the game.  I could care less what the fanboys have to flame about.  All in all, if you like the scenery, world interaction then grab it but consider the shortcomings of the game as well."
76561198158196787,Recommended,306130,16301802,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Just Ra,"Best MMO i have tried so far, recommended. It has bugs and other issues like lackluster class balance and lots of loading screens but leaving that aside the story the immersion and the dungeons are a lot of fun, not recommended for people who want a perfect MMO with no bugs and perfectly balanced PvP tough if you are pacient the developers are working hard to make improvements to the game and it has improved a lot since its launch, guilds in this game do mean something and you can make many friends and spend uncountable hours having fun, do not buy this game expecting Skyrim 2.0 it is not it even has too little MMO aspects in my opinion.TLDR: Buy it if you don't care for bugs and you are pacient it has improved a lot and will continue to do so, don't buy it if you think its Skyrim 2.0 and can't get pass the large amount of loading screens and lackluster class balance currently present in the game."
,Recommended,306130,16482007,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,maximus5798,"Great questing, great combat, great graphicsMy only complaint with this game is that all of the zones look exactly the same.I get very excited when I complete a zone because I am really looking forward to the next zone,  hoping it will be a good change of scenery, but nope! Same textures, color palette, etc with very subtle differences."
,Recommended,306130,25737176,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Yami ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,No need to talk about it. My favorite game all the time :D
,Recommended,306130,16532986,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,KALawrence98,"It is a mix of elder scrolls and an mmo, so it's not going to be like skyrim graphics and gameplay or anything. But it is still a good mmo and I still have a lot of fun playing it with my friend. Also, I think the gameplay it better if you listen to the people rather than just skiping through the diologe to get you quest."
76561198311940389,Recommended,306130,25152532,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Soulsbe,"It's a nice game if you like MMO's but the controls are EXTREMELY unresponsive. I get tired of slamming the action button or interact button to talk to someone or equip something and it's SUPER IRRITATING. Also, and random points, the game will kick you for no good given reason. The only thing I don't like about it, and this is just MMO's in general, is how grindy the game is, however, it's not as grindy as most MMO's. Other than that, this game is pretty rad."
76561198158351959,Recommended,306130,20070175,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Skeelow,It's awesome
76561198007564228,Recommended,306130,26734204,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Voglio Morire,Great game even more fun if you play with a group of friends .
76561198133734183,Recommended,306130,24266194,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,chicken NUggets,gucci mane game
76561198076104157,Recommended,306130,21758759,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,TheBadAIDS,"Wow, they really cleaned up this game. Best current MMO out there in my opinion."
,Recommended,306130,21738506,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Irken Elite,"Everything is great about this game. The storyline is good, graphics are great, and the gameplay itself is great as well. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,306130,21739472,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,egoD,"Very good game, really starts to feel comfortable around level 15, a little noob unfriendly, but research will fix that. Like any MMO once you really start to get going you can't stop, which is enjoyable. Whenever you feel bored there is always another quest you can complete."
76561198246385922,Recommended,306130,26651519,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dan,dont treat it like an elder scrolls game and youll love it...
76561198169733950,Recommended,306130,31147237,Posted: 14 April,all,F Two Fiddy,"I personally wish I would of started on PC rather than Xbox. I played this on xbox and probably have over 2k hours alone on it, I got sucked into it right when it came out. I played through the crappy times when the game would crash every 6-20 minutes because the game was practically broken! But it was so good I wanted to keep playing! I got the Veteran level 2 then stopped playing for over a year and one day decided to build a PC, ended up building one and bought this game a bit after and wow I missed a lot of stuff! So many DLC's and LOTS of new content in the shop! If you are one that complains that you have to pay for stuff, then stop where you are and do not purchse this game!The Crown Store is what they call it, basically if you want to look super cool and buy some awesome mounts and pets, you have to pay for it. But why complain? You purchase the game and play online for FREE, you do NOT have to buy stuff so don't knock the game because of that. That is just childish.My only gripe with this game is the Dungeon finder, sometimes it glitches and you have to restart the game to get out of the que. But other than that and a couple crashes once in a blue moon I would HIGHY reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,306130,26523538,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jekker$,nice
,Recommended,306130,22074280,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,The Byzantine Empire,RIVERWOOD BETTER EXIST.
,Recommended,306130,27388403,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reaver,I'm reviewing this for the free steam badge thanks xx
76561198025207353,Recommended,306130,26693031,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Gypsy,"Quite a lot of fun. The mechanics are a good blend of previous Elder Scrolls titles (power attack, block, bash, etc) and MMO classics (hotbar active skills). Community is really great so far, questions in the regional chat are answered quickly and calmly by experienced players. The classes are well designed so I don't feel at all shoehorned into a ranged glass-cannon role even if I'm playing the sorcerer (In fact, a stamina-based sorcerer tank is apparently quite good and fun). Playing with friends can be a bit frustrating, as you essentially have to complete the quests in parallel to one another, hitting up the same objectives at similar times  so you can travel together, and certain fights have to be done solo. However, the group dungeons are really where the fun can be had with friends, and if you're like me and have other hobbies, splitting crafting specializations between you and other friends allows you to still make the best gear and items without making a dedicated crafting character. Can't wait to play more!"
76561198067956465,Recommended,306130,25643738,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Sir Doge,"Such game, Much Graphics, Many ScrollsWow!"
76561198026527926,Not Recommended,306130,33017535,Posted: 29 June,all,spam,"TLDR:The game is quite fun. Large world, lots of quests, lots of stories.   However, it is getting a thumbs down because of clunky handling through steam (don't get it through steam!), frequent crashes and server problems, not something I would expect for a mature MMO.The Review: Updated 7/30/2017Guilds: The game allows a player to be in up to 5 guilds. I have hoined only one guild, and it functions as expected, complete with guild chat, guld bank, and guild store.  The only thing missing is a guild house, which apparently is not a thing.  No big loss there, as guild leaders home can act as a guild house, and guild housing always seemed pointless.Player Count:  Lots of people seem to be playing in all zones.Story Telling:  Story telling is pretty good, lots of voice acting, but it could use a larger cast of actors.Solo Friendly:  Most quests are solo friendly, but faster with a group.  You get credit for mob kills/quest completion as long as you help.  Not sure what the limits are, there a few times when I arrived right at the end, got off a couple of shots and got no credit, but most of the time I get credit for a kill, even if it was a token effort.PVP friendly:  This game has open world PVP in Cyrodill, and imperial city (and one other zone), as well as arenas.  Imperial city was pretty much empty when I went there.  Cyrodill, however was always busy.  There are several versions of Cyrodill available depending upon your level, so you can jump in at level 10.  You will die a lot, but then you will die a lot anyway... For me, the open world realm v realm (three realms) is quite entertaining, and a highlight of the game.  I'm not a fan of arena's so can't comment on it.Level Friendly:  Game auto adjusts player and/or monster so you can have a fun experience in any zone at any level.  It does the same thing in PVP and dungeons.Leveling System:  You have standard levels 1-50, after 50 you accumulate champion points which buy buffs and powers that affect all the characters in your account.  The champion system goes quite high, but gear stops leveling at 160.  For me, champion points up to 100 went ridiculously fast and didn't seem to slow down until I hit about 105.  The consequence of this is that getting 'good' gear has been pretty much a waste of time as it is outleveled so fast.  After 100 leveling is brisk, but not ridiculously so.  My advice is to save any XP scrolls you get (from game purchase) until you notice your champion point gains slowing down.Crafting:  Crafting system is pretty complex.  Luckily there are mods (yes mods are legal) that can help keep things organized.  Don't expect to be on par with veteran players anytime soon, no matter how much effort you put into crafting, armor and weapons have 9 traits, each trait takes longer than the one before it, and making some top-end gear requires knowing all 9 traits.  It can take the better part of a (real life) year to research all traits.In retrospect, I wish I had not purchsed through Steam.  Steam has to be running just to launch the game, and if you want to subscribe you have to do so through Steam (and they don't seem to handle that very well).  Instead of dealing with one company and one online system you have to deal with two.  Frankly Steam just gets in the way and makes things more cumbersome than necessary."
,Recommended,306130,31133327,Posted: 14 April,all,Goddess,"The game is somewhat good, if you don´t mind hanging around for a while, aka hours sometimes, before you even play, or you just can´t really connect sometimes at all (happened to me like half of times I wanted to play). I´ve seen somebody saying it is just running from quest to quest, which is kinda true, but you also can pretty much explore whatever you want (which I don´t advice tho, because you will end up meeting up bosses that are not for your level, and you will die instantly :)). The world is somehow pretty, but compared to (I know, kill me) Skyrim, it is rather not so good, when it comes to design of the world and AI too. The enemies and people in general just seem like they happened to be in the world not knowing how, they don´t feel like they belong there. I don´t mean players, but everything that´s alive in the game, seems like it just happened to be there by accident. It doesn´t give me the feeling of amazing, fantasy world, but rather of being in the game, which is not what I expect from this kind of game to be. I don´t agree that fights are ""too easy"" as some people say, they are not. The difficulty is set very well I think, not too easy but not too hard (again, unless you meet something that is not for your level, as I usually would). Even with these things, I dare to recommend it, because 1) world is pretty well done, as it usually is with ES, 2) You can play with friends, 3) be proud of who you are, no matter who you are, but if you can be Khajiit, be Khajiit.I think this game has to be in library of every ES fan, even when it will be weakest piece in there."
76561198071849201,Recommended,306130,16036500,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Milamber The Great One,Buy itThere isn't a better game in the MMO worldBest Elder Scrolls Game EVER
76561198064566658,Recommended,306130,16160551,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,EquableJarl,"Played the Beta, it had a lot of potential but still needed a lot of work.  Pleased to see the time and efforts have been put in, this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198057705410,Recommended,306130,13644090,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DahKing,Game is a ok game if your looking for a game to waste time on this is your game but if you don't want to pay the monthly fee of 14.99 $ then i don't think this is your game but other then that it is a good game.(Game may be really laggy if u dont have a BEAST computer I have a pretty good computer but i still lag on the lowest settings :( ...)
76561198124149333,Recommended,306130,15605168,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,TripleC's,Amazing Soundtrac and very addicting
76561197986020777,Recommended,306130,16054033,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,M_IxXer``,iuk
,Recommended,306130,18581959,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Redz,very recommended mmorpg i thinks its better than wow.. so addicted
76561198086136531,Recommended,306130,19984312,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Reido,tbh idk u but u seem cool hmu anytime
,Recommended,306130,25212683,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kome360,"For refernce, don't think of this as a regular Elder Scrolls game, think of it as a spinoff.Despite the lack of content compared to the already overwheming Elder Scrolls series, Elder Scrolls Online is still an RPG worth playing, at least until Elder Scrolls VI comes out. Just pick it up on sale and go a few rounds, there are still graphics and backstory worthy of the Elder Scrolls name. Combat... eh, should have gone with regular Elder Scrolls gameplay, not an ability bar. Main issue is the lack of inventory space, hopefully the developers will find a way around that."
76561198042280480,Not Recommended,306130,31188977,Posted: 16 April,all,Wesley,"Updates, Oh no a file is  corrupted pls repair, Ok repair, 8 hours for repair to be done, Last second installer crashes and repair starts from scratch, Entire day goes by repair is done OH NO FILE IS CORRUPTED PLEASE REPAIR"
,Recommended,306130,21204125,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Hitokiri Battousai,It's sexy
76561198213543971,Not Recommended,306130,32381256,Posted: 12 June,all,Tofu294,"My experiance with this game, while only showing maybe 5 minutes of game play, was a roughly 3 day ordeal of trying to figure out what went wrong. I downloaded this game because it looked like all the issues I had heard that the game play and mechanical issues were fixed so I wanted to give it a shot.Now, before I continue, I want to stess that, fromwhat I understand, only the STEAM version causes the issues i'm about to address, not the version from their website. Also, there's supposed to be a way to link the accounts but I couldnt find any support from their end on that so I don't know how that works.After spending what seemed to be a little over 24 hours downloading the game, I was greeted by a quick load up screen followed by its immediate crash. I had seen that there were some fixes that worked for people, like running as admin or deleting the Visual C++ 2010x64/x84 programs, which didnt work. I then figured out that this version apparently doesn't come with a launcher folder/application. A friend of mine was gratious enough to send me a copy of his launch folder. After recieveing that, I was treated to another 24 hrs of loading via patches. After that had been completed, approxamitly 4 hours before my posting of this review, the actual game, which I had to go into the files to find because the Steam provided short cut continued to give the same crashing load bar result, told me to launch it from the main steam client.Now at this point I have asked for a refund, and maybe sometime in the next few weeks I'll considder purchasing this game from the official website and changing my review here, so I want to make it known that I don't know about the gameplay and that there are great small content creators on YouTube who go in depth on the game and its workings.TL;DR : Steam version is way to much work, so consider buying it from the official site."
,Recommended,306130,31604450,Posted: 7 May,all,null,Addicted. I hope there will be megaserver Asia soon. #highping #SEAplayer xD
,Recommended,306130,22625966,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Hummels,Hi
,Recommended,306130,23633655,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Garbage Jesus,"This game is really well done, and looks fantastic. Tons of stuff to do and people to meet. However, I still can't help but feel like the Elder Scrolls universe and MMOs were not meant to be combined. The game's quest storyline is focused around you being some special hero, but it's hard to feel special when the guy next to you has shinier armor and kicks♥♥♥♥♥way better than you."
76561198052785813,Recommended,306130,28320095,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Sanad,<33333333333333333333333333333333
,Recommended,306130,27572362,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Barnezy,This is the first MMORPG game that i've played and it seems to play pretty well the graphics stay fine the whole time and the combat is completly different compared to the single player elder scroll games which i like.
76561198012632907,Recommended,306130,30299888,Posted: 3 March,all,Zathy00,why not buy this game
76561198308056854,Recommended,306130,32141025,Posted: 2 June,all,Kanera,By the time this♥♥♥♥♥♥updates i'll have elder scrolls 6 to play.
,Recommended,306130,31943773,Posted: 24 May,all,Rogise,Nice
76561198276946799,Recommended,306130,28127278,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,D is for Delta,Amazing game! I have seen alot of MMO games and this one is by far my favourite! I would reccomend this game hands down. I can see myself clocking hundreds of hours on this. Some days I spend anything between 3-4 hours on it without realising and I look at the time and its 3 in the morning. Defo worth a buy and download!
76561198011542563,Recommended,306130,26122725,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Z Man,Great MMO
,Recommended,306130,34566657,Posted: 28 August,all,Alchemist 炼金术士,Lovely..
76561198018928340,Recommended,306130,29782974,Posted: 8 February,all,lev aaris,after downloading the larst update the game will not run can you help me
,Recommended,306130,29795632,Posted: 8 February,all,Veers,sta chido xD
76561198149659969,Recommended,306130,26732699,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,TryingRocket csgolive.com,I would really want to buy this game but i am broke so thnx for the free weekend trial.
76561198073870926,Recommended,306130,19359141,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Forget Me Not,Nice game indeed... Worth every penny i spent..
76561198197829149,Recommended,306130,19883240,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Frockington,"Great game, kills time and has the immersive world elder scrolls is known for"
76561198191520430,Recommended,306130,20943155,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,david_a12,It's awesome
,Recommended,306130,16333617,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,FishTank,"Feels like Elder Scrolls, plays like an MMO. Lots of fun."
76561198061868034,Recommended,306130,17354317,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AesLocke,Awesomesauce!
76561198097954215,Not Recommended,306130,19574410,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,kuffner2843,its fun for a while but then just gets repetitive and kinda boringim a fan of the elder scrolls but not this game its not as fun as oblivion and skyrim
76561198062642236,Recommended,306130,20075252,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jumbo,Very good PVP game!!! And Very good game!!
76561198065102434,Recommended,306130,20859132,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Ohren,This is a really good game its not exactly like Skyrim but its a damn good rpg and to be honest i have not played with a party yet and im still really enjoying it solo the sword combat is a lot like skyrim but with ability such as fire breath or simple upper cuts that do a lot of damage and throw the target i have not played with magic or bows yet but if they are as god as sword play then im all in this is a really great game with DLCs and they are are more coming like the thiefts guild dlc which adds a lot of stuff to the game world also seeing Tamriel with new places never before seen is awesome and the graphics are great and all the factions all have there own style and all the races have there own style as well so nothing really feels re-used and the level system is great the more you use a abillity the stronger it will get and it can morph to a stonger form of its self adding splash damage or trap a target but anny way this game is great id suggest you get it but im a random guy online
,Recommended,306130,30347426,Posted: 5 March,all,☜Dorbs☞,when the game was first came out it was bad but zenimax has fixed that up and made a good MMo RPG On a Scale to 1 to 10 I give this Game 8/10 all of the game classes are balenced so PVP in the game will be a fair fight
,Recommended,306130,30350789,Posted: 5 March,all,General_Nuggles,"ESO has me hooked.  It has the most amazing amount of things to do; I still haven't completed the main quest after 160 hours.  PvP is great, hard and fast action when fighting players, and the challenging hostile NPC's require a huge amount of planning and tactics to defeat.  Easily the best game I've played in the last few years."
,Recommended,306130,30345519,Posted: 5 March,all,wretch,solid 5/7
76561198067228180,Recommended,306130,30348008,Posted: 5 March,all,Supahz,"The game is fine, but despite my love for Skrim and the other Elder Scrolls games, I find myself coming back to this less and less often... I guess it bores me a bit these days.  Still, the game's solid, so thumbs up."
,Recommended,306130,30362752,Posted: 6 March,all,Spookington,"Amazing game. It was not the Skyrim Online everyone wanted, but it is one of the best MORPGs I've ever played, and continue to come back to. They consistently add new content updates with a few paid DLCs with a massive amount of content. Someone can play acouple Skyrim playthroughs sure, but with this game the playthrough is never ending."
76561197988330904,Recommended,306130,25348063,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Zaecler,"7,5/10"
,Recommended,306130,34665599,Posted: 1 September,all,von,"Its everything I wanted out of a MMO: Compelling story, Farmable bosses, easy friend connection, random dungeon generator. its very fun and great for friends aswell but there is a lot of pay to win content so if you are swayed easly into paying £20 for a virtual spider then maybe this game isnt for you.Its has load of content and plenty of DLC's if you finish the main quests which you will not there are a ton of them, theres about 100 side quests every new zone.Atleast its not a subscription anymore."
76561198126922680,Recommended,306130,24754476,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Unborn Grandma,Great game overall... such a beautiful game full of adventures... i only wish to see more dlc content.
,Recommended,306130,17215573,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,bradNTC,even though its not skyrim i really do enjoy it and for being there first try at a mmo its not to bad and i see me putting as many hours into this as i do in counter strike
,Recommended,306130,20557024,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Bigkev Actual,"I've played a lot of MMO's. Runescape, Anarchy Online, World of Warcraft, Guild Wars, Guild Wars 2, The Secret World, Star Wars the Old Republic and probably more. But you know what? This one is the one I keep coming back to.Pros:Great character creation and customisationDynamic combat system with hundreds of unique class combinations giving you full freedom to create the character type you wantEasy to pick upLarge active communityIn game shop is very fair with absolutely no pay2win features10/10 graphicsHaving played the beta through to now, the game has evolved for the better in enormous leaps. Devs in it for the long runCons:Cyrodiil pvp is still slightly laggy due to player numbers but it's not game breakingDungeon queues can be long. Be a healer or tank to skip the queueSome of the skills can be a tad grindy, but not really a problem"
,Not Recommended,306130,31203965,Posted: 17 April,all,SlyCoopersButt,"I've only been playing this game for about an hour but I can't stand to put myself through anymore.Pro's:-Good Character customization. Similar to Skyrim's.-Amazing soundtrack-The game looks pretty good for an MMO game.Con's:-The combat is ridiculously easy and repetitive. You just back up while the enemy does a big wind-up to their attack.-Even if you get hit by an attack, you seem to regenerate health just as fast as you lose it.-There's no weight to the combat. It basically feels like you're swinging at nothing. There's no impact or recoil like in previous Elder Scrolls games.-The loot system is sub-par. You can only loot certain enemies and there's barely any crates, cupboards, or chests in the game to find.-You can pretty much run past all the enemies and continue the quest unless it's a horde mode quest. The AI is awful.-This is the least immersive Elder Scrolls game I've ever played. Nothing about it feels like an ES game to me and the lore just isn't there.-The NPC's all seem to have this weird art-style that's sort of a combination of comical and realistic and it makes all of them look ""out of place"" in an ES game, if that makes sense.-The map is too big. Endless deserts and open areas just to make the game SEEM bigger than it actually is.-The UI is awful. There's too many menus and the level-up system is way too confusing, especially for people who are coming from the previous games.-The gameplay is grindy and boring. I was constantly skipping through the dialogue because I just didn't care at all about the story. It was just not entertaining to me and I just wanted it to be over with.I could go on and on about the stuff I disliked about the game but I feel like this is good for now. If I could give it a number score, I'd give it a 5/10. It just didn't hold my attention for very long and wasn't enjoyable for me."
,Recommended,306130,29878108,Posted: 12 February,all,DpTheSaint,good gmae
76561198051657433,Recommended,306130,17823589,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,goatwin,Actually really fun and different than many other MMOs. My only problem with it is the lack of cloaks or any simple cloth physics. Despite being one of the newer MMOs. That's more like personal preference though.
76561198036341670,Recommended,306130,17902420,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Pantie Raccoon,Alright first things first the download.... This took almost 24 hours at 1.8mb/s. Then you have to wait for the patching which took about another 5 hours again at 1.8mb/s. But I do recommend the LONG download.
76561198021982372,Recommended,306130,17966116,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Acolynae,"This may seem like an odd thing to say, but this reminds me at first of what it was like to play Everquest for the first time.  The leveling system they have is...interesting...in that you learn skills from class, as well as weapon, racial...and other...skills, picking and choosing.  The art, while not Skyrim, is OK.TL;DR = If you like MMO, this one is decent.  It isn't Skyrim, but it's fun.UPDATE: It's late October, and I'm still playing this game.  I also purchased some more game perks, because I wanted to be races that weren't for certain factions as those factions.Healing in this game is especially fun!  The dungeons are profitable, and reward skilled play.  Knowing what your class and role do and having the skill to do that well with synergistic aptitude beside other members of your group makes you very well off!If anything, I'd have to say this game is too good, and is a time-sucking force of fun that must be stopped so that things like real life, work, and reading can still take place in your life.  Beware!"
76561198060735493,Recommended,306130,29015710,Posted: 4 January,all,Freddy,Its pretty good
76561198067298196,Recommended,306130,17293493,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,MemeLORD,"What a fantastic game, I would recommend this to anyone. I didn't play prior to the Tamriel Unlimited, but from what it sounds like, thats not a bad thing. They did a wonderfull job mixing the gameplay from the Elder Scrolls games and putting it into an MMO. Yeah, it's not perfect, but its sure as hell fun."
,Recommended,306130,17312463,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,The Observer,Its like WoW on steroids
,Recommended,306130,17423746,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,megumeme,Met a talking crow that threatens to keep me awake at night by constantly pooping on me. 10/10
,Recommended,306130,17456654,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Great Nishii Mu Neish Mu,"""5 hours of downloading""    Yes finally! I can get to play it!""300 mb of update""  Oooh kay, I can wait, I was expecting some companies anyway.""varifying""  Fair enough""15 GB of update""   What the fu1ck? Are you fuc1king serious? Why the fu1ck would you do that?""Computer rage quits and updates its ♥♥♥♥ by itself  a.k.a restart""   Jesus Christ.""Restarted the launcher, starting from the beginning of the update""   What?! Why the fuc1k.. There's no continuation?!!""15GB of update has been downloaded""   Finally!""Varifying""""LOL JK 6 GB more, b1tch @ss ♥♥♥♥♥.""  Rage quits and plays SkyrimYeah, I played this game for 9 hours and the 90 percent of the 9 hour is just updating the dang thing.10/10 would update again."
,Recommended,306130,17559721,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Señor de las Pagodas,"Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, the world is very interesting, is not as inmersive as a normal ES, mainly becouse of the few options for equipment, but the missions are well done, it has not montly fees and the paid contents really worth it. Sadly I've been unable to play lately because of my ♥♥♥♥ing buggy windows :'("
76561198057375236,Recommended,306130,18755608,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,That Guy D,Can not compare to other games in the series fully but on its own is sick! My favorite game instantly. If you like giant worlds and giant 3 way pvp battles this is for you.
76561198117904138,Recommended,306130,29094583,Posted: 7 January,all,Scrub,Gud game.
76561198052093750,Recommended,306130,31478114,Posted: 30 April,all,Cobey,"If you go in expecting Skyrim, Oblivion, or Morrowind, you'll be let down.But if you go in expecting an MMO like WoW, EQ, LotRO, or the like, you'll be impressed."
76561198007297124,Recommended,306130,17301795,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Shaun_Armani,"First point took 2 days to download from steam.  Then 7hour update ARRGGHH. Second point found it really tricky to get game to initialise, issues with 1st log in from unknown ISP, finally worked it all out.Have just completed 23hours up to level 7 charachter.  Would have been good to understand crafting, banking etc right at the start, destoryed far too many things but that aside has been fun, no real issues with gameplay as long as you realise it is a hybrid game so some aspects are watered down, dont take it too serioously then it should be fun for some time to come."
,Recommended,306130,17452161,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,noobsman,ARRRRRG
76561198004851032,Recommended,306130,19443276,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,🐌,"Over all, it's just ok. It hasn't sucked me in and made me play until the wee hours of the morning, but it's not a chore to play either. If you like Skyrim/Oblivion and MMO's this is a solid game. My only complaint is the merchant system. I do not know why they decided to make most merchants controlled by guilds. I haven't gotten far in the game so perhaps it changes once you're higher level, but for right now most of the guild merchants don't even have anything in stock. If you're confused, basically instead of having an auction house where everyone can sell/buy, guilds individually control merchants. It's completely a coin toss to find items you may need. If a guild doesn't put things up for sale, there may be nothing there. I think this fails in a huge way. I enjoy crafting a lot - but unfortunately this makes it far less enjoyable."
76561198194745102,Not Recommended,306130,33318763,Posted: 6 July,all,JewKiller,"I really liked the game at first, but poorly optimized graphics, and bad stuttering even on 80fps is not acceptable, and made me want to close the game. otherwise this game is very good, very wide game, but the problem is too little players, and i feel like i'm running around in my own alone world, trying to quest! the trade system sucks, item prices are unbalanced, and unknown, too easy to gather items, nobody buys them almost. also, this guild crap is unnecessary, why not bring worldwide trade in, trading just in guilds is crap. nobody cares about trading that way. quests are too much slow reading boring crap, like pokemon on nitendo, even worse stories!! the stories, are all about some ghost/spirit crap, then some weird magical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tt, nobody cares about. it's like stories for specially interested Sci-fi fans. easy crap is explained, over and over, with advanced english. the game itself is buggy, boring, and empty....i don't even feel like i'm earning anything here. but at first it was really fun, and promising, untill i explored everything almost..."
,Recommended,306130,25444587,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Zero,"+1 Downloading Took A While But Exploring Tamriel Took Longer, Oh And Its fun Too!"
76561198108863784,Recommended,306130,20978490,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Demolisher,i wont say much about this game cuz most of friends know my opinion .... Conclusion all u want is included + Best MMO Game  ;) ..... Case Is Closed !
76561198052210690,Recommended,306130,31277153,Posted: 21 April,all,Sofia Ravn,"As a general rule, I disapprove of MMOs. They're generic, simplistic, and lacking in any significant plotline or world development. No matter how many monsters you slay, or quests you finish, it seems like the huge, open world just remains exactly as it always was. And the people, don't get me started on the thousands of other gamers running around, jumping, throwing spells, and generally being noisy and disruptive right in my face, with names such as BigManlyStud123 or ArchangelDestroyer98 (no offense to people with these names, just picked random names to illustrate a point), ruining the immersion for those whom enjoy story and roleplay.That said, Tamriel Unlimited seems to rise slightly above the mediocre standard of MMOs, offering unique storylines, competent (if not brilliant) voice acting, and for the most part, enjoyable music. As is often the case with MMOs, you get an unlimited number of quests that basically boils down to ""go there"" ""kill that"" and ""collect this item"", but at least in The Elder Scrolls, there is some hint of a story behind it, and many of these generic, mind-numbing quests are part of larger stories.Graphics are nothing to shout about, certainly not bad, but as with all MMOs reduced to accommodate the vast number of people and data contained in the virtual world. Though honestly, I probably wouldn't play Tamriel Unlimited, were I not familiar with, and a fan of, the previous Elder Scrolls games, it is by no means a terrible game, far from the worst of MMOs, and actually surpassing a number of offline games.In fact there are only two things that really bug me about Tamriel Unlimited:1) A very limited selection of outfits (plenty of items and enchantments, but for aestetic purposes, there aren't a lot of options)2) The Crown Store. As is often the case with MMOs, they continuously attempt to drain their clients bank accounts, by offering unique items for real life currency. It's a vulgar, and dishonest way of increasing profits from a game, and is acceptable only, if the content offered is exceptionally superior to the norm, either in design, uniqueness, or story value (which it isn't).Even so, I'd say Tamriel Unlimited is worth playing. Especially, but not exclusively, if you enjoy MMORPGs, or the Elder Scrolls Universe. The game is entirely playable on your own. I have yet to even talk to a single other player in the game, and I am progressing in the story quite nicely - though of course, some dungeons and quests are only possible with assistance. The scaled leveling system, and the personalized looting system, ensured that it is easy to team up with random strangers, kill a certain tougher creature, and both get treasure and experience, without the need for communication or even officially forming a group. There is no chance of ""stealing"" kills, loot, or experience, nor is it necessary for players to be even close to eachother levelwise.And unlike Skyrim Special Edition, it is not riddled with bugs from end to end."
76561198097974731,Recommended,306130,35024798,Posted: 17 September,all,Puqquasmn,It's decent.
,Recommended,306130,34587723,Posted: 29 August,all,Tricky_AK420,hi
,Recommended,306130,31350009,Posted: 24 April,all,Tularean,it's okay
,Recommended,306130,31355814,Posted: 25 April,all,★TeburonTai★,"Playing this at min of 200 ms, its playable but... yea you get it, no?"
76561198007061349,Recommended,306130,32193855,Posted: 5 June,all,SuPaBaRrY,"Is good, kill much, have fun"
76561198010021402,Not Recommended,306130,31342831,Posted: 24 April,all,Kelan,"Customer support refuses to fix problems caused by faulty UI leading to the loss of significant user time.  If you value your time, don't bother spending it here."
,Recommended,306130,28030942,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,🔞Flexible Banana🔞,"Simply Brilliant, all you need is friends"
,Recommended,306130,29748150,Posted: 6 February,all,menescicek,Good game
76561198021187487,Recommended,306130,17179581,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,PHOENIX,♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198050669011,Not Recommended,306130,29450652,Posted: 23 January,all,saabnoxe,buggy
,Recommended,306130,34526531,Posted: 27 August,all,||420 blaze it fgt||,"It took me 3 sleeping days to initially install this game, then 3 hours to install the Morrowind update. Finally it was done, and then I clicked play to get a crash notif. I looked on the internet for solutions, but nothing works. Especially when the HP solution framework cancer starts RIGHT before it. I do recommend this game if you have the PC for it, or if you're gonna get it on consoles. It's a good game, I have it for PS4, but unfortunately I can't play it here, sadly."
76561198059119084,Not Recommended,306130,31126738,Posted: 13 April,all,d3d,"I try to play this with a friend, but the quests keeps on bugging out."
76561198051723874,Recommended,306130,34211950,Posted: 13 August,all,SaippuaVaras,This game is getting better and better. Totally worth it.
,Recommended,306130,18085705,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Shakingitoff,"I feel like this game almost has a pay-to-win feel to it. Not only do you have to pay the $55 up front, but if you decide to start cashing in for some in-game advantage, then you better prepare your wallet for one heck of a ride.Other then that, its a pretty fun game. I love how they have added the first-person gameplay. They also threw in sneak for the fun of it. Other then that, this game plays and feels like any other RPG just with a little added Elder Scrolls flavour!"
76561198028013490,Recommended,306130,17952138,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ABC123,"Day 22: Still downloading this gameDay 45: Finally finish downloading, but still patchingDay 58: Done patching and start gameDay 190: Stuck on character creation10/10 would do it again"
,Not Recommended,306130,33457238,Posted: 11 July,all,Crushay,it's an ok game and good concept but in reality it is boring as hell quests seem repetitive and reward is pointless in general game is too over complicated
,Not Recommended,306130,32585736,Posted: 20 June,all,Alatar Xarxes,"Came back after nearly two years because i thought, why not.2.8gb update. Fair enough.Download finishes, then goes to 0% with a ""files are corrupted or missing, start a repair and contact support""....So i do the repair. It downloads again with aditional downloads ranging from 50mb - 1gb.It finishes.I click playCrashes ""please verify integrity of files""♥♥♥♥ this game. Trash two years ago, still trash now. Can't even get past the damn launcher.Hurry up and make the next Elder Scrolls game. Sick of multiple skyrim releases."
,Recommended,306130,21786621,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,vy.乔尔,"I just need a mini mapOverall the game is cool and fun,the quest is not boring at all.10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,306130,28568053,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Baconeta,This game is pretty fricking good if you don't mind losing some of your life. :D
76561198069585610,Recommended,306130,32124772,Posted: 2 June,all,CaravanRiot,Yes
76561198073827594,Recommended,306130,26680372,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SoulScYthE,Awesome and fun!!
76561198209967767,Recommended,306130,34441660,Posted: 23 August,all,不運な敗者,Game is good. i just bought it 1 week ago and now it is on  67% discount. I feel so unlucky.
76561198153068215,Recommended,306130,15241499,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Preston Taco,10/10
76561198047862532,Recommended,306130,15241708,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,pape.itunes,Great fun no matter what background you come from
76561198178276533,Recommended,306130,23791987,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Wesley,Very fun and you get a lot out of it. Definately worth $20.00. I'm not sure about $40.00 though.
,Recommended,306130,32606832,Posted: 20 June,all,retrogamer_INsanITy,better than skyrim n oblivion combined
,Recommended,306130,22590876,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Slothisticated,"The Elder Scrolls: Online has come a very long way. In the beginning, the game was plaugued with bugs, balance issues, a broken economy, and stale gameplay. Thus it was recieved very poorly by critics and fans alike. ESO today, however, is very different from ESO then. Zenimax Online Studios, a virgin game devoloper, realized the error of their ways quickly and worked tirelessly to make their project a success. I can say with confidence that ZOS was largely successful in improving their game.Zenimax was criticized for it's monetization strategy for the game and rightly so. ESO sold for $60 with an additional $15 monthly subscription fee that was required to play the game. Additionally, many parts of Tamriel were locked behind a paywall. This made ESO, a mediocre game at best, very expensive to play. After a while, ZOS realized that their monetization strategy needed to be improved upon. Thus ESO Tamriel Unlimited was born. This change did away with the manditory subscription fee and many of the pay walls, opting for a more ""freemium"" style of monetization. Though the cost of the various DLC's and other content can still be quite high, none of it is mandatory.As far as gamplay issues, ESO has made even bigger strides. The game is still subject to the occasional crash or bug, but few are really game breaking. And many of the actual gameplay mechanics are much improved. Combat feels heavier and less ""floaty,"" leveling feels more impactful and is much more natural. Looting dungeons no longer feels pointless and the PVP is better than ever.ESO has done something no other game has ever done. It has managed to pull itself back from the brink of irrelevence and is now one of the most popular MMORPG's today. It still remains to be seen if ESO will become really successful - as successful as Zenimax had hoped. The player base is steadily increasing and for good reason. In 2017, I can say with confidence that ESO is worth your money.8.5/10"
76561198040950341,Not Recommended,306130,19974715,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tungsten,It just doesn't work. At all.
,Recommended,306130,19685287,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Leyton™,i like this game got told not to get uit but really enjoy it bit slow when you dont have a horse or the money for one tho :P
76561198215963992,Recommended,306130,21985142,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Gladhrion,Really good game. I love it.EDIT: After 80 hours it became boring. You realise that everything you do is just repeating the same things over and over again. Don't know if that's changed (I uninstalled it quite some time ago).
,Recommended,306130,22024263,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Guido,i love the franchise the story and game play the only downside is i want to get dlc on steam
,Recommended,306130,16005878,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Jacket,"Made a magic sword that is bigger than my character, ♥♥♥♥ed up some skeletons, danced. 11/10"
,Not Recommended,306130,17516359,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,TheWanderingLad,"Paid 70$ for a game that logs me out every 5-10 minutes to the ♥♥♥♥ing title screen, launcher has so many patch errors, game isnt necessarily broken anymore, as far as actually playing it goes, log out problem is so frustrating when playing quest lines with friends, i can only imagine when you get to pvp levels..... bethesda needs to fix this game, cannot recommend in this broken stateREVISIT : literally still logs me out every 5 minutes, come on bethesda, youre better than this, if i had my money back i wouldnt have bought this game, im playing on a 5000$ rig so it isnt my pcs fault"
,Recommended,306130,21994127,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Prince Oceanus,Fills those Oblivion- and Skyrim-sized holes in your soul.
76561198130459822,Recommended,306130,16568455,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,LoafOfBread,LOOKS FREAKING AMAZING. SUCKS ITS BEFORE SKYRIM BUT STILL AMAZING.when i was playing it i tried to forget about skyrim ands stuff cause its 1000years before it so they just really talk about stuff you here thorught the elder scrolls seriesLOVE ITdont just dive into the game and expect to be invincible. you have to earn it.
,Recommended,306130,17269401,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Dane Gleesak,This game is actually very fun and jam packed with elder scrolls lore. good story if you actually pay attention to it and fully voiced. overall good game other then a few minor bugs like broke mail system which can make it hard to retrieve items you baught in the guild store and also minor grouping bugs every now and then. also ocasionally players in your group may turn invisible. 8.75/10
76561198055507764,Not Recommended,306130,18373548,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,HOOP JONES!!!,i cant review the game itself but what i can do is tell you this thing is a broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥i never got to touch anygameplay only downloads which has never ever been a problem on my pc i asked for a refund and because in steam i technically had 16 hours on the even though it never finished downloading i couldnt tell about gameplay i am sure it is good but i am also sure that it is an mmo so expect stuff to be repetitive and expect to do the same old thing over and over again
76561198212843692,Recommended,306130,18414951,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Balen,"Be prepared to invest many hours of game play. Movement forward is very slow and time consumimg . I am playing 7 characters, i recommend building one character first. The game is huge and you can burn out quickly building multiple characters in the same group. Crafting is very slow , the game unfortunatley is based primarily around buying and selling items to advance .However  its a really enjoyable game to play , 5 hour blocks pass quickly . I have thousands of hours in Skyrim , this game will be twice that."
,Recommended,306130,19512142,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Feldmarschall Dougs,Is fun
,Not Recommended,306130,19776793,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,CRY,"Do not buy this game if you live in South East Asia.ESO is a good game...WHEN I CAN ACTUALLY PLAY IT! Zenimax online REFUSES to make a server for us playing in SEA/Oceana, this game is literally unplayable especially in PVP where in you can get up to 1000 PING ! I regret buying this game...5/7"
76561198195421298,Recommended,306130,16567915,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,nexus_lexus_flexus,the best mmorpg
,Recommended,306130,19940498,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Noctis Lucis Caelum,Best MMO 2015 :)
,Recommended,306130,15659885,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Josh,20 hours in so far an absolutley loving this game!
76561198200117209,Recommended,306130,20997080,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Yung Achile,Best water simulator 17/38 gr8 bait m11 Xx_getrekt_xX
,Recommended,306130,25973628,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,RudeBoy,Best MMO i've played !!!
,Recommended,306130,23353837,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,reml,There is a ton of content I would estimate 250+ (only 26 hours in)
76561197993247126,Recommended,306130,31530054,Posted: 3 May,all,Imchix_[LV],good game.. hard to understand at first.. but its ok..
76561198196658666,Recommended,306130,29844210,Posted: 11 February,all,无痕,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Recommended,306130,24158385,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,trash dude 42,"---My Personal Review and FPS Stutter Fixes---Just got this for 20 USD, and boy is it worth it.I Play ESO with one of my friends, and from what we have done has really motivated me to convince you to get it.Although it is unoptimized and slightly buggy, (which i will tell you how to fix it) it is really fun to play with a friend/group of friends.The map is huge, just like skyrim go where you want and when you want. If your a fan of runescape, this will be a breath of fresh air, something that will re-experience what you did in runescape as a kid.You can buy armour, and travel across tamriel to find new weapons and such. and the artstyle is lush, the skyrim feel.with new and returning locations and enimies from the elder scrolls universe. with only 10 hours, both me and my friend are patting each other on the back on this investment (of buying ESO)Now, to burst your bubbles, the game runs like sh*t from the start. with 3 hours of attemting to fix it i seem to have found a solution.Your CPU, ESO needs alot of power from it. But Windows limits these features, doing this process is called unparking.It takes away the feature windows uses to limit your cpu.Do not be scared though, this method is safe and will not hurt your pc in anyway.----FPS AND STUTTER---Download a program called Unpark-Cpu, and extract it somewhere.you can find the link on google, as steam will not let me post links.Once installed open UnparkCPU and click ""Unpark All""Now restart your pc.This should drastically improve your FPS in all games. i just dont know why i didnt find this earlier lmao.If you play with friends, please for gods sake dont use skype. It eats up your cpu.Download something called Discord, and have your friends sign up for it aswell. Basically its a Skype that requires less Cpu furthur improving your game performance.Aswell as a program called ""Razer Cortex""its a razer product that shuts down all unnecissary background programs.make sure you have google chrome closed aswell - you can enable cortex to automatically do this for you in settings, there is guides online if you have trouble figuring it out.And Wallah! Enjoy ESO in PC MASTERRACE STANDARDSIf this helped you please recommend my review in order for other people to see. :D"
76561198009236171,Recommended,306130,31099416,Posted: 12 April,all,Coconaut,"So far about 34 hours on this game has been spent downloading it... people with crappy internet beware, otherwise I thoroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,306130,18690653,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Fîvë,I hear so much crap about this game but I love it! 10/10
,Recommended,306130,26686585,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ElephantgoCrazy: Studying,"For me this game  is simply a masterpiece and I totally recommend it to ""Elder Scrolls insiders"", people who know the story and have played the other games from the series like Elder Scrolls three, four and five.This game has a lot of potential and it is sad how most of the people who play this game think that this is ""Skyrim Online"" and when they try it they are dissapointed and write pointless reviews.Well sorry to dissapoint you, but Skyrim and this game are in far different eras of time. That means this game has barely nothing common with Skyrim, this game is not Skyrim folks.What I also liked in this game is the story, the quest possibilities and the map itself, which is insanelly big, giving you the opportunity to explore and complete different quests.As I said I do recommend this game to people, who want to try something new, something different from the other Elder Scrolls franchise."
76561198041681175,Recommended,306130,23913741,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Zero,Ive been too busy playing I forgot to write this review
,Recommended,306130,26669743,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Care Bear Share,10/10 love biting people.
76561198045867747,Not Recommended,306130,31763213,Posted: 14 May,all,SnakeAsylum,"Boring quests, lame abilities, and lifeless atmosphere. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing painful"
76561197976894643,Not Recommended,306130,34874988,Posted: 10 September,all,Delver,"The game itself is good and promising, even after some expantions.The bigger stressful irritating downside of it is the patch system. They update the game way too often and each time they release a patch, it is massive and take HOURS to download, so if you're a casual like me, everytime you come back to the game you're likely to find a new big discouraging update to apply.I sinceraly like it though, but this patch system is bloody disgraceful. Not even a 300Mbps bandwidth seems enough."
,Recommended,306130,24054295,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Me Me Big Elf,"Me likey!Also, if you do $1/hour, this game is well worth the money."
,Recommended,306130,24409251,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,fat sea lion,i would r8 this game 8/8 m8 gr8
,Recommended,306130,24529474,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Octavius Mueller,Such an amazing game. It is my all time favorite MMO RPG.
,Recommended,306130,24536771,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,DerpyCatFormer - [Gamdom.com],"if i was to chose the best elder scrolls game, it would probably be skyrim. but of course ESO would be less that 1% behind skyrim. if you like elder scrolls, get this game. if not, you are missing out"
,Recommended,306130,24773534,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Theresia van Astrea,100/10!
76561198199798461,Recommended,306130,24833042,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Scooty,one hour is downloadingthe next hour is loadingthen the third hour is finding a name for your character that worksthen the other 5 hours actually playing the game
76561198096532480,Recommended,306130,24930982,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,fevid,"Awesome PvP, Great Gameplay, Everythings Great!"
76561198156282696,Recommended,306130,25131775,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,PatchWorkPsycho,amazing game 229 hours on record the community is fun and nice a little laggy here and there but overall great game + horses dont care about gravity
,Recommended,306130,24419895,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mighty_Taco311,"Well over half the time logged will be downloading patches and updates. Honestly you don't play the game, you just keep downloading it."
,Recommended,306130,24422255,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Pr0ph3cy,Amazing mmo bethesda is one of the few companies that don't deserve piracy
76561198097733707,Recommended,306130,24563991,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,looknohands17,"Its a good game, with the few glitches and what not that are expected of MMO's but all and all good game 9/10 in my book."
76561198258468831,Recommended,306130,25529495,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,KubanoKamikaze,Huge Elder Scrolls fan. Game is full of exciting characters and intriguing locales that just call to be explored in the breathtaking way we come to expect from Bethesda.
76561198165532356,Recommended,306130,24502588,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mac&cheese,"Amazing game, people say they messed up, but i beg to differ."
76561198057548116,Recommended,306130,24926820,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,The Milk Man,Two words: Very good game.     Score= 3/11/10
76561198160724298,Recommended,306130,25418293,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,DigitalMetal2001,This is by far one of the best Fantasy MMO's out there and follows the set canon lore for the series.
,Recommended,306130,24462332,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Abahu,A fun game that plays like an elder scrolls game but with MMO elements.
76561198272747908,Recommended,306130,24708261,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Shakeal,Nothing but praisefor this game :) ..... Awesome game.... loved it :)
,Recommended,306130,25370069,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ObsidianDoll,"Love this game. At first I wasn't interested, but I was still playing Skyrim and I think I compared it too much with that game. The social aspects are great. The singleplayer PVE is also really good! I love how you can combine both. I havent played PVP yet but I will once I have leveled up enough."
,Recommended,306130,28026812,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,skankityspence,"I'm seriously enjoying this game through and through. Doesn't replace Skyrim, Oblvion, etc.. But it fills the the Elder Scrolls void until the next game!"
,Not Recommended,306130,27783937,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AtomicAvem,I would not recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the elder scrolls series. After playing it for an hour here are my observations:-It is nothing like Skyrim or the other games in the series-It changes core gameplay elements like skills and weapons-It doesn't implement mmo elements very well-It restricts the one thing that made the other games had: freedom and exploration
,Not Recommended,306130,28812521,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,wen,"Firstly DON'T BUY THIS GAME FROM STEAM, IT WILL ♥♥♥♥ YOU UP AND OFF.BUY IT FROM HERE: >>>>>>>>>>http://www.elderscrollsonline.com/en-gb/home<<<<<<<<<<I bought and Played this game for £49.99 back in 2015, and played for over 600 hours, but then had a year break from it, since it got boring doing the pve with no guilds to do raids, and my friend had the same opinion (we didn't really like the idea of pvp tbh, we liked doing the pve content). We had some good laughs but it didn't last that long.Anyway, I came back to eso only a month ago from writing this, and it's changed a little, bolt escape's been nerfed, good for pvp, not so much for pve to be honest, magicka sorcerer for pvp is dead because of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t nerf on damage shields.Anyway, but I had 2 friends try to play the game with me, they downloaded it, created an account, then went to play the game, and here's where the problem's started, they BOTH could not get past the loading screen after logging in... They're still stuck for solutions to this day as well after trying to help them out for 7 hours today to fix the problem, with still no solution. What's worse is I just got a new computer, and I tried reinstalling eso as well, IT DOES NOT WORK (I'm using my old computer for things still like word processing and eso from time to time).The intergration with steam has killed eso for new budding players who have just downloaded the gameThe support for the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥too. I put in a support ticket 2 WEEKS AGO, still no useful reply, just the words, ""We'll get back to you soon, we are experiancing high ticket volume"". If I was to write this review back in 2015, I would have said this game was amazing, fun to play, and really entertaining, and to be honest, I would also say ""Screw everyone who wanted this to be skyrim online, it's better like this!"" Anyway, because of this problem, I can only give a thumbs down. Also, I hate one tamriel, I liked the old progression system, I like going to another area and taking down a vet 12 mammoth while I was level 40 or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is game needs big a reality check from the devs, because at the moment, this game is not worth your time if the first install does not even ♥♥♥♥ing work."
,Not Recommended,306130,27061463,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Destiny2WaitingRoom,Took about 24hrs to download to find out i cant even log in 10/10
76561198259838766,Recommended,306130,31572035,Posted: 5 May,all,Solivarnik,"Not Skyrim with more people.Not another World of Warcraft clone.No killstealing,Not forcing you to party with other people to enjoy contentNot the usual Bethesda buggy gameWonderful musicSmooth graphics (even on my potato)Side storiesContent levels with you"
,Recommended,306130,31574982,Posted: 6 May,all,AudioCircini,"One of the best mmos out there; every quest has a great story, the world is beautiful, and the PVP is one of the best I have seen. My only complaint is that the quests are to easy unless you are doing world boss fights or dungeons."
76561198079289306,Recommended,306130,29628788,Posted: 1 February,all,Error,In my opinion ESO is an awesome game. The story is very interesting. If you want something else in a MMORPG defenitely check this out.
76561198176701341,Not Recommended,306130,32223384,Posted: 6 June,all,Desmondo90,Game is good when it works...When indeed it works...its a nice game to sit and watch for 4hrs updating...its nice when you get stuck at Requesting Character Load.Its nice to get kicked back to main screen for a poor excuse of an error...actually im talking nonsence... ive had enough of this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,306130,26684396,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Fuvly,Well it can run on this potato
76561198137588807,Recommended,306130,34761301,Posted: 5 September,all,Chakraless,S3X
,Recommended,306130,30586303,Posted: 18 March,all,bewbs I CSGOatse.com,"Really good game, I've played like 40 hours and I love every second of it. BUY IT!"
76561198135646361,Recommended,306130,30597561,Posted: 18 March,all,Enderboy1025,"I like this game a lot, it's gotten even better with the homestead addition but the prices! I just recommend doing every quest you find and you'll acquire enough gold at some point! 9/10 would get again but always room for improvement"
76561197983688965,Recommended,306130,18179141,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Apn,"great gameone word of warning, dont spend real money in the shop. you would think people who pay money for this type of thing would have a more enriching experiencebut no you would be wrong. it ruins all the fun things to do.on the system. it is something like 60gigs big and like 100gigs for instillation which almost put me off it just on basic principal. but im glad i bought it and installed it. oh yeah dont get the imperial version thinking the first expansion (the imperial one) comes free... it doesnt you still have to fork out around 7.99. you get a mudcrap its really gay. a pony that is the same as the other mounts in fact after having tried 2 other mounts i can say the imerial pony you get with the game is the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of the 3.that all you really get for en extra 20bucks is a gay crab and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pony.To sum up. I love it its skyrim and oblivions baby. but its really aimed at people who dont spend money in the online shop.poor people.oh yeah and every actor has voice acting which is just over the top and makes me want to punch them in the face for talking to me constantly. i really cant see why every piece of dialect is voice acted most people think that amazing but i dislike it the actors all sound really jaded like theve been forced to voice act against thier will.so the review has been mixed huh and possibly a waste of your life.here are a few selling points i think the game hasyou can learn how to cast spells on people and shoot them with arrows seamlessly in combat without being called a noob for using a bow and casting spells at the same time. in fact the gameplay is very colourful like that. you can lean many tradeskills much more than 2 or 3 that are availible in most rpgs. its very satisfying. leveling up is trivial and no grind what so ever. true. the quests are colourful and fun at times you learn way more skills than you can slot so you always have an excess of skill points to put in cooking or whatever. each skill you learn levels up and can be morphed into a supa skill when you have used it enough. that is cool. you can learn tank and heal offspecs without ruining your damage output. the areas are vast and fun to explore or look for ingriedientsso it is acctually a good game. yeah."
76561198098468158,Recommended,306130,28812635,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Alex Jones,yes verry goed
,Recommended,306130,19882620,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dovakhiin,"It is fun. The game got a bad start on the first release because of too many bugs. Now, they made a comeback and boom the game is fun. Really fun to play. Community is nice. There are a lot of newbie helping each other. Also a lot of people were already playing skyrim and other ES game so you can ask them about the story. The community is really really nice. The grahpics is good. FPS is fine never had a lag. Great voice acting. Tons of stuff to do on just a single map. You can steal things. and theres a black market too to sell your stuff(the one you stole though). Over all this game is 9/10 for me. Cause there is no such game as 10/10ALSO buy this game while on sale. I guarantee you, you wont regret it. The game is so damn huge!Also dont ever compare the game to Skyrim. its an MMO for F sake."
,Recommended,306130,16202053,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Trade-skins.com | billyboi,"I once had a future, now it is TESO"
76561198250426078,Recommended,306130,25879414,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,julia,j
,Recommended,306130,20578588,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,LeftToHang,I just really love anything Elder Scrolls related
76561197965553338,Recommended,306130,29739682,Posted: 6 February,all,gritbaby,"This is by far the best MMORPG I have ever played.  I initially tried this game in beta and was not impressed with it at all.  However with the updates to Tamriel Unlimited, this game is just straight up amazing.  It is full of stories and quests that are extremely interesting.  You can wander anywhere in the realm and pick up interesting and intriguing adventures.  Crafting for the most part is fun and simple (outside of Alchemy).  There are addons that allow you to customize the UI and assist you with the game experiences, much like in Skyrim.  The PvP is awesome.  Huge siege takes and defends with siege equipment from trebuchets, catapults, and boiling oil.  If you ever played DAoC this game is extremly close to it in that style with a 3 Realm war.Daily quests, daily dungeons, daily crafting makes this game exciting to log into everyday.  And if you have a friend starting for the first time, you can easily group with them regardless of your level difference.  Any encounter you scales to your own individual level.Definetly a must have for that person who loves RPGs, but is looking for a wonderful MMO."
,Recommended,306130,27344430,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,flashhy,pre fuin game
76561198069392626,Recommended,306130,26259120,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,IDKblu,Was fun for like 29 hours but than it started to get boring. The game is eh.
76561198096999827,Recommended,306130,28229205,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,DopeyMoon1,Not letting me log in ;-;
,Recommended,306130,19923706,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Karl Marx ☭,It took me like two days to download but its cool becasue its fun.
,Recommended,306130,27212704,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lil Nebby,The best MMO there is imo5/7
,Recommended,306130,18936029,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Cabv,<3
76561198155207838,Recommended,306130,20412711,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Naruto_FTW,Good game and worth the money and size. best MMORPG out there. Its size is 80 gb but still good to pplay since graphics and gameplay is quiet good.
,Recommended,306130,27016377,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[LoX]Tuffnewz,I've only beeen playing for a couple days so far but so far this is the best MMO I've played in a while.
76561198007546868,Recommended,306130,18246181,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Sauron,Very interesting game.
,Recommended,306130,18151925,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,goos,Most of my time played is downloading updates.
,Recommended,306130,20438475,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mulley.,Best Game Everrr!
,Recommended,306130,17244684,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,milf official,i goddamn hate mmosbuy this game
76561197976558014,Recommended,306130,26684852,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Faednoth,I love the Elder Scrolls franchise and now I can play with friends in Tamriel. What's not to like?
,Recommended,306130,16957330,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,MortyNotSporty,I went into the river and my♥♥♥♥♥started to bleed and it was because of a bandit 10/10
,Recommended,306130,19401867,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,8eerme,When this was 1st released as a sub based game and beta. I found it very lack luster and very unamnsuing and quite boring. I actually picked this up after it when B2P. It much better now and more solid. I found myself actually enjoying this time around. The only issue i have is the guild system some. I don't like using my username I rather it be my toon name. Not game breaking just finding it little annoying. The lack of classes isn't that bad it could use some more classes but they made skills sets for the game based guilds which evens it out some. The expansions are cheaper then most normal MMO games. Their called DLC but their much cheaper then 50 bucks for WoW or even EQ2.
,Recommended,306130,19903691,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Iador,Best MMO i have ever played
,Recommended,306130,20200725,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Slip,"A great MMO but offers nothing new. It is beautiful and fun but you still have to follow the same pattern as ever other MMO out there with group only dungeons ( I have allways been a solo player ) and the option to pay to progress ( I never pay more the cost of the game or the starter pack for a free game ). If you like MMOs you will probably like this beautiful one from the creators of one of my favorite games of all time, Skyrim. If you are looking for something original, keep looking."
,Recommended,306130,18135533,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Doomed,"Honestly..This isnt like any other mmo and everyone expected a skyrim online becuase thats the only elderscrolls they have played however..This is not skyrim online..This is something brand ♥♥♥♥ing new and it has such a Elderscrolls feel to it the fighting style,the camera angles, the quests it doesnt feel like your playing a normal MMORPG where its ""click.. click..Oh i have to collect that..Turn in..Okay now i have to kill 10 of those..and now im max level"" This is the best MMORPG game ive ever played and people say the price is too high yet they pay the same for a rehash FPS every year..Try it out.. You won regret it and if for some reason you do.. Steam has a refund Option xD See ya in game <3"
76561198122493250,Recommended,306130,17727329,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Dansproject,how on earth do i fix 'Your Login Information Was Incorrect Try Again.'?
76561198115069802,Recommended,306130,17900411,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,hwoodmasta,i cant even sign up to play can some body help me
76561198312369812,Recommended,306130,28921570,Posted: 1 January,all,[ZeitaRP] ReZNation,Great game  super addicting!
76561198072989899,Recommended,306130,30983987,Posted: 6 April,all,roggek,EPIC! No need to say more...
76561198117336311,Recommended,306130,19311709,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,AltOfCtrl,It is a good game overall but the customer service is really bad
,Recommended,306130,19399372,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,CthulhuLikesTacos,I want my time back.♥♥♥♥.I could have been playing Contra or watching Gianna Michaels videos.:(
76561198186472619,Recommended,306130,19501231,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,uric17,this is a game who will show you why this game worth your money and time.
76561198124989534,Recommended,306130,19985732,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,EnderDoesSkyrim101,"I would start off with what I liked, expect I haven't even been able to play the game yet.  I've had it for three days, and all it's been doing is downloading!  The initial Steam download took long enough (8 hours), which was expected due to the size of the game.  However, once THAT was finally over, I launched the game, went through the fairly quick first launch install thing that Steam does.  After this, I expected I'd be able to just get on and play.  But boy was I wrong!  The first download it made me do ingame took basically an entire day (my pc hasn't caught a break!).  And then, once it FINALLY, reached 100%, it said there was ""an error while downloading that could've been due to an update"".  So, as I write this, my game is going through an EVEN LONGER loading situation.  Don't get me wrong, I'm sure it'll be a great game, once I can actually play it..  And I don't regret the purchase.  Although, it would've been good to know that your first 6+ hours of time logged into the game will be in the in-game patch downloading.  And since I haven'y seen many others say anything about this in their review, I'm sayin' it now for people who experienced the same or worry about experiencing it..  Oh well, gives me time to read some books, I guess.."
,Recommended,306130,21843220,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Tiller,Loading Simulator 2K16 buy it guys its the best it so realistic with the loading to.
76561198060798873,Recommended,306130,21848622,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Slayer9299,Hi i am jake
76561198088834172,Recommended,306130,19891294,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Bercius,The game thought I was trying to hack into an old account I made during the beta. 10/10
76561198103238230,Recommended,306130,20204660,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,David S. Pimpkins,Wait what year is it?
,Recommended,306130,20462442,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,meh,"So much to do, so little time.It's very much like WOW and Skyrim combined. Or like Guild Wars 2 and Skyrim combined, or like FFXIV and Skyrim combined.Honestly wish I had more time for this game.I run this on Overclocked ZOTAC AMP edition GTX 980TI (GPU clock 1425Mhz, could go much higher), not too happy with the performance hog this game is if you want to do ultra settings, my FPS are acceptable to me with some tweaking but even when in small cities I will never get to see 60FPS. I run this in 1080P even tho my monitor is Gsync 144hz 3K monitor (2560X1440)"
,Recommended,306130,20462621,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,dwight,"bom game, altas quests, todos os npcs tem voz e tal mt zika"
76561197977369987,Recommended,306130,20464924,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Big Chap,wonderfull game
76561198215238344,Recommended,306130,20466542,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Blunt3d_Monk,awesome game
,Recommended,306130,18878894,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,69xXX_MinECRaFt_xXx69,BAŞLAYINCA MANYAK SARIYO WALLA
,Recommended,306130,26588592,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,mandytime,Beautiful game!!  I played it on PS4 already and I'm happy it's just as nice on Mac!
76561198032367011,Recommended,306130,20771264,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Co-Producer Speed Weed,"For now, it's prety okay. But I'll like it more when I see Blacklight."
,Recommended,306130,31346442,Posted: 24 April,all,Spookwagen,Never thought a kajhit running towards me with a sword in a jester outfit rideing a glitched out horse. 10/10
,Recommended,306130,26757113,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dudempop,"If you enjoy games like World of Warcraft, I do recommend but if you are expecting this game to 'BE' World of Warcraft, it is not, neither is it like Skyrim. Unfortunately I see this game going in the same direction as present day WoW. It's all about the $$$, and the game will be getting easier so kids can play and get their mummys and daddys to pay for more in-game items. money money money"
,Recommended,306130,29971983,Posted: 16 February,all,Andysym,"Depends if you like walking a lot and storing your items/money in your bank and whatnot storages every time you pick up a new item.  They need to have unlimited inventory or at least make it default to 100 items.  Otherwise the game's great a lot of content and players still going strong after it's release in April, 4 2014.  I reccommend buying this on sale otherwise you might not like the amount you pay after you play."
,Recommended,306130,20466917,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,.Mdr,"Dude, Hell ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,306130,28427276,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,NOT,This game is soo gooodd...ohhhh I camee...
,Recommended,306130,29312749,Posted: 17 January,all,Argoth,The launcher is very glitchy but it is an awesome game otherwise.
76561197998807364,Recommended,306130,32850892,Posted: 27 June,all,Sicknes3,its gook to kill time
76561198073614999,Recommended,306130,18553364,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,bekacho333,"when i have time, i always pley elder scrolls online. i think its the best mmo"
,Recommended,306130,29673081,Posted: 3 February,all,My Name Is John,It's great if your computer can run it buy it buy the legendary edition for sure
76561197982220114,Recommended,306130,32662396,Posted: 22 June,all,henshaw.tyler,yes
76561198179569493,Recommended,306130,32700940,Posted: 23 June,all,Fruitilla Wifi,😃👍🏻🙌🏻
,Recommended,306130,32863096,Posted: 27 June,all,DOSO,the ambiance
76561198139614766,Recommended,306130,30073373,Posted: 20 February,all,Zyro,From the quest to gameplay (mostly quest) it is 10/10 and BEST COMMUNITY EVER
76561198062049611,Recommended,306130,30072183,Posted: 20 February,all,ThePositiveTroll,Runs very smoothly and a very fun MMO.
76561198247257226,Recommended,306130,32899733,Posted: 27 June,all,Redskypvpro.com,good game
76561198030106641,Recommended,306130,20111211,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MadmaN,"gameplay is fine i recommend this game classes are balanced customize system is good but there is a tiny problem when you want to change your server you need the download the entire game agin, i try evry methot found on the internet but didnt work out, just wanted to know who is programming this game, monkeys? If its true are they fed properly?"
,Recommended,306130,32692989,Posted: 23 June,all,Tatsuhide,Good.
76561198106329090,Recommended,306130,32693279,Posted: 23 June,all,Gnasher,"a hughe game filled with endless missions, quests and lore. GET IT"
76561198066935992,Not Recommended,306130,32954546,Posted: 28 June,all,V3CT0R,The only game I disconnect from on a regular basis whenever i try to play.
76561198143428483,Recommended,306130,27480978,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ya Boy Beans,"Doesn't really feel like Skyrim,it feels more like WoW"
,Recommended,306130,28574415,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ShinyGameHero,Damn Fun Game 10 out of 5  stars
,Recommended,306130,29743785,Posted: 6 February,all,⎛⎝ Sakk0 ⎠⎞,"Its the Elder Scrolls online. Does it need a review ? You kill stuff, you lvl up. You craft - you cook - you kill more♥♥♥♥♥♥- you sell some♥♥♥♥♥♥- you make some♥♥♥♥♥♥ But this time... with friends"
,Recommended,306130,32550809,Posted: 18 June,all,Schmeul,i like
,Recommended,306130,25440735,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,✪ Emily,"I felt cheated on, now there is gold edition with DLCs???? I hope everyone who purchased this is also eligible for the gold edition."
76561198126536294,Recommended,306130,27516672,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SuperiorVenomus,Truly gives me  back the feeling of the Elder Scrolls series.Thats all i got to say
,Recommended,306130,27517821,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mankeli Maaki,5/5
76561198124023272,Recommended,306130,27519962,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,VisorBoi,This is a great game with alot of hours to spend in
,Recommended,306130,28232014,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,doriv4l,ESO is quite good!Of course better with friends.
,Recommended,306130,28367845,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mandalore,"I have played this game on both Console and PC, and I am continuously impressed by the quality of the graphics and the depth of the plot.  I look forward to each new visit.  I look forward to becoming an active member of the community on both platforms.  I recommend this game to all of my friends."
,Recommended,306130,28361536,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Vintage,"As an MMO veteran, I believe ESO is currently the best MMO available. The world is huge and mechanically it's very fun (combat, crafting, leveling options). Dialog and plot lines are top notch so far. I'm only a few hours in and am completely hooked."
,Recommended,306130,24736332,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,not a terrorist,best headache ever!
76561198322629800,Recommended,306130,28005974,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ayyyy lmaoooo,"omfg this game is revolutionary, its a completely new look at MMORPGS ive never played anything like it and i hope the content just keeps getting better"
76561198130575934,Recommended,306130,33268897,Posted: 5 July,all,||ALPHA||,10/10 would ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,306130,21336521,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,[25th]Spacewolf242,It's not skyrim but its close so I would play it when I am on acid
76561198060501129,Recommended,306130,33329234,Posted: 6 July,all,Murlock,"This review is coming from someone who loves the elder scrolls. I have been playing TES since i was a child. I have put over 130+ hours into this game, and i think i can make my verdict on ESO.ESO is not a TES game. If you're looking for a game like Skyrim or Morrowind, you have been mislead. But don't let that fool you. You didn't play Skyrim because of the battle and combat mechanics. You played skyrim because you wanted to understand lore, and to explore the nordic mountains of skyrim. Skyrim did that amazingly, and so did Morrowind and Oblivion.ESO does this again. If you're exploring Black Marsh, or in the forests of crydel, there is so much lore and mysteries you uncover. The game looks beautiful, and there are so many quests to immerse you into this world.What if TES6 had nearly infinite missions, that covers nearly all of tamriel. Done right. Well its out there, and you can play it right now.ESO Is a classic MMORPG, but it adds in the TES universe to create something amazing and unique.Get a friend, and stop Molag Bal."
,Recommended,306130,33331701,Posted: 6 July,all,Dingo,Nerds
76561198141695179,Recommended,306130,33358280,Posted: 7 July,all,☯ Silver ☯,"Very cool game with strangely addictive combat. Unfortunately, I cannot play it past the prison starter area because of where I live(Ghana, West Africa), If I lose connection, or try to leave the prison, I can nolonger log back in with that character. I have made multiple characters to saticfy my need to play this cool game, but I will need to wait until I am back in my homeland(Canada) to really experience the game. So far, from the little I have played, I can tell that it is definitely a cool game.I reccomend to anyone considering to buy this game, if you live in a place that has bad internet like I do at the current time I am posting this, you might not be able to connect to any servers. So if you are not confident in the place you live, and the internet you have. I would avoid this game until you move somewhere with better internet."
,Recommended,306130,33233565,Posted: 4 July,all,A Very Libyan Asmaro,"Best MMO ever, good story, high budget, nice graphics. Only problem is sometimes server get overflowded and sometimes it will lage barely happens"
,Recommended,306130,31772296,Posted: 15 May,all,rilesan.xe,"Honestly, I've been looking for a good RPG to capture my attention. So I started downloading Morrowind, Oblivion, and Skyrim...when I saw this game on sale. I had waited for so long to get my hands on a co-opversion of Skyrim that I just passed this game over. Now, I have certainly played my fair share of MMOs to know I'm terrible at them. You see, I prefer a more simple hack'n slash gameplay. I never gave this gamea second glance until now. TESO is quite different than most of the other mmo's I've played. The controls were intuitive, and I felt like I was playing one big singleplayer/co-op game actually. I loved the kinetic combat of this beautiful game worldinstead of having to mash my number keys for each action. Lastly, my favorite part about TESO is I felt that I wasn't pressured into buying ""premium"" or any sort of subscription plan. After purchasing the game, I didn't really see anyreal pressure to pay to win or anything like that. Granted this is, my experience after all."
76561198004716133,Recommended,306130,29431509,Posted: 22 January,all,Dragonbored,Its LIke SKYRIM but better... Great MMO. Got it on sale and no regrets...
76561198121860883,Recommended,306130,24020886,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,~MajesticMoose~,The only bad thing is how you can't get all the gear from the ones you killed like in Skyrim. This one likes all the gear :D.
,Recommended,306130,25482037,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SkullRadar,"Dropping their subscription fee was a stroke of genuis, and now I can say this game is worth it. It's not 100% Lore friendly, but it's still a fun game."
76561198129714626,Recommended,306130,24286829,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Thenightoftime,Buy it tommy
,Recommended,306130,28665230,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,hotmatrixx,Took me 5/7 of a week to complete.http://imgur.com/gallery/eDF6K
,Recommended,306130,27101334,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gashryo,"I've tried a few MMOs before, but this happens to be the only one that managed to stick with me, over the time I spent playing it."
76561198136261746,Recommended,306130,29516293,Posted: 26 January,all,Spencadabowmb,"This game is incredibly fun and interesting. The world is packed with surprises, and there is a strong value placed on character develpoment. 9/10"
76561198301663892,Recommended,306130,27721676,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Paul,10/10 would spend 2 hours walking to one waypoint again
,Recommended,306130,26879938,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,вυввℓєѕ,quality game 10/10
,Recommended,306130,29493201,Posted: 25 January,all,Panda,"Seriously, ZoS is a petty, incompetent, company. They are the company that are run by suits that ONLY look at the botton line and not what players what.Want a dungeon fixed where you get feared into a wall and remain stuck? Nah ♥♥♥♥ YOU, here is eyeliner for your character.Good luck trying to get support. They have a few generic responses from BOTS  Dan, Allison, Meredith and Chet. I've delt with them all/1. Sorry for your troubles, get fukt guy.2. We are ZoS, we care more about money than your actual satisfaction, if you read the EULA, we bear no responsiblity for anything, even if its our fault, still not our fault.3. Raise a fuss because we have broken stuff, BAN!Now my hours dont reflect this, 800 CP, All pve complete, former emps. I have over 5k forsure.I reccommend this game if you have poured time and money into, if not, stay the ♥♥♥♥ away from this greedy company.I won't list the the pros or cons because frankly, the servers suck, cheat engine is still around, broken add ons, giant zerglag balls, I can only suspect things will get worse with the new patch.  Since I played, a new patch has never gone off without major game breaking things. 2 years in, still have elementary glitches, bugs, exploits that still havent been fixed."
,Recommended,306130,29622122,Posted: 31 January,all,frosttin,Lore Friendly. Super Massive Map Exploration.I love it from the deepest most inner part of my cells.
,Recommended,306130,26032865,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,gaeaessence,If you liked Dragon born this is the NEXT level.. Now we can band together or be solo and rejoin each other at desinated points and time.  I look forward to putting together Guilds ..
,Recommended,306130,26724831,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Deathwind,"A lot depends on your expectations here. If you are expecting an MMO, this is definitely one of the better MMOs, but if you are expecting something like Multiplayer Skyrim you will be dissapointed."
76561198247655656,Recommended,306130,31187314,Posted: 16 April,all,ForKingTR,Please add Turkish interface and Turkish subtitles. Not for me. A lot of Turkish players are having trouble. I love playing your games. I look forward to your new games. Oyun hakkında ilerde bilgilendirme yapacağım.
,Recommended,306130,31189072,Posted: 16 April,all,Nu773r,"Its brilliant, even better with friends"
76561198030659697,Recommended,306130,28952802,Posted: 2 January,all,mu.feather,works for me although can get a bit samey
,Recommended,306130,29958709,Posted: 16 February,all,Autrii,This games okay. :^)
76561198022439513,Recommended,306130,27608286,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pop,Amazing!!!
,Recommended,306130,22137377,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Nerf BitchRanger,No idea whats happening
,Recommended,306130,21828888,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Totbox420,Good GAME positive play time always something else to do HUGE MAP!!!! ONLY THING IT COULD LOSE.... IS THE STUPID PAID 15 dollar a month to play the dlc stuff non of the dlc's are worth 3000 crowns or ($30) price tag. they should be free but eather way great game bethesda did it again and TRY FALLOUT 4
,Recommended,306130,27996771,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Darkjeremiad,"The best free to play MMORPG out there, with content that you can buy and own for ever, or a subscription option that lets you get every new content pack.  The new One Tamriel system trippled the playable world for characters, made the leveling system smoother and allowed people with opposing lore preferences to play together."
,Recommended,306130,26839764,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,anywayanyday,"New DLCs rly worth it,I rly enjoy new patches))Gameplay becomes better,new pvp system,new lvl system :) #FORTHEPACT"
,Recommended,306130,26957872,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chase,10/10 Game if your willing to spend a lot of time on farming and such
,Recommended,306130,26721455,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,BattleKraai,"Playing during free weekend.The start just sucks, that's how I feel about it. I find it hard to grasp what I'm doing. After an hour or so it gets way better though. I hope I can bring myself to play a lot more but I find disappointment it getting to late game is hard or people just think you lack gear. Will have to see what the community is like."
,Recommended,306130,26687436,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,FourLime,"Alot better than I thought, it feels like morowind online :) And it is not just full of high level players but also ""low"" lvl players, so still feels fresh to play!"
76561198271891689,Recommended,306130,26059020,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Exactly 13 Toenails,"All of the perks of the old Elder Scrolls games, plus a user named @GandalfTheGAY heiling Hitler."
,Recommended,306130,26060176,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Archangell30,"I first started TESO on PS4, I prefer the controls on the PC better. TESO is an excellent MMORPG with a great community. Keep in mind this is not Skyrim, it is an MMO set in the Elder Scrolls world. It is fun, challenging, and beautiful. I highly recommend TESO."
,Recommended,306130,24065484,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,What a drag,im still sucking chodes waiting for this game to patch ive been waiting all day dont know whats going on
76561198122084278,Recommended,306130,25561313,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Tony,i'd smash.
76561198056393013,Recommended,306130,29536136,Posted: 28 January,all,fr[A]xx,Highly recomended. a different style mmo with the best graphics and gameplay
,Recommended,306130,26735878,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,simpleneophyte,This game is amazing! It's skyrim with friends and you can use your controller.
76561198289178062,Recommended,306130,26737987,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,michaelstephenson98,i loved the game play and everything
76561198017192956,Recommended,306130,29991908,Posted: 17 February,all,Sparkly Kitty,"Jarl Ballin' makes his second debut, what more could you possibly want."
,Recommended,306130,29996256,Posted: 17 February,all,p14082003,"Many people claim that this game is bad and boring. I still don't understand. I find this game awesome! The only time I had problems fighting an enemy, I asked for help and a guy came right away and helped me. Very engaging crafting, trade and guilds, and AWESOME WORLD!In review:World: +Gameplay: +Lag: (I live in South America and US server works just fine) +Community: +And an extra + for the ability to have add-ons."
76561198199971679,Recommended,306130,29660415,Posted: 2 February,all,williamparadise,amazing game
,Recommended,306130,29733052,Posted: 5 February,all,DragonTamer[Solo],Amazingly made MMO I highly advise you play this if you like the elder scrolls games but no this is not skyrim 2 this takes place before skyrim 2 and after oblivion its the prearc but it plays like a beautifuly made MMO
76561198099508643,Recommended,306130,16472360,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Tom Petty & The Pussy Grabbers,"Its pretty fun! Not as cartoony of an mmo as WoW, lots of content!"
,Recommended,306130,16479089,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mescaline Chef,Awesome! glitchy at times and crashes but its fun enough where I never stop coming back!
76561198030588067,Recommended,306130,18082303,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Huxwell,World of Elder Scrolls...
76561198058244253,Recommended,306130,31211045,Posted: 17 April,all,Chamistasya,Great gmae
,Recommended,306130,31227542,Posted: 18 April,all,Jagdflinte,i can't find my steam cd keysomeonehelp plz
76561198076208615,Recommended,306130,31293000,Posted: 22 April,all,BABA YAGA,i like it
76561198077212237,Recommended,306130,31005223,Posted: 7 April,all,Tripley_,Enjoying it
,Recommended,306130,31006534,Posted: 7 April,all,Nasenspray,Nothing to say
,Recommended,306130,31409356,Posted: 27 April,all,ItsYaBoiHere,"If you are judging THIS by it's console release, SHAME ON YOU! If you took the time to learn, you'd find out that:A) ALOT of MMOs to this degree DO NOT work well on consoles (due to lack of controls, mutiple servers they have to get through to provide the player with the same experience, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t development hell console games go through, etc.)B) Consoles are inferior.This game is quite good, and a excellent timewaster when I'm bored out of my mind (but that usually doesn't happen b'cuz I have 150+ games on my Steam account alone, yadda, yadda, yadda). And it's storyline (while not as polished as any traditional TES game) is quite interesting, even though it may not be canon in the traditional TES timeline.Give it a go, when it's on sale or during a free weekend and see if it's right for you."
,Recommended,306130,31441315,Posted: 29 April,all,Zulu,awsome siges
76561198229758776,Not Recommended,306130,31389904,Posted: 27 April,all,Sargon,Im sad to say this ive been downloading for 3 days and downloading♥♥♥♥♥♥for the launcher.3 hours laterrun gameCRASH!no reason why
76561198070976524,Recommended,306130,31419885,Posted: 28 April,all,johnseller,Berry good join please :)
,Recommended,306130,31437316,Posted: 29 April,all,WombatGTS,I've logged over 1000 hours on this addictive madhouse of a game - the hours don't lie#Recommended
76561198240161104,Recommended,306130,31439305,Posted: 29 April,all,Calvin,"I have only recently just bought this game here on Steam however i do have around 200+ hours clocked in on the PS4 version so i think im pretty ready to give a decent review.TESO is a breath of fresh air when it comes to MMO's almost all of them are 'WoW-Clone's' This however isn't but i will say one thing - If you decide to purchase TESO don't come thinking it's anything like Skyrim because you'll be disappointed like many others where, The game is amazing in its own right.I have to say that the best thing about The Elder Scrolls Online at least for me, Would be how massive the world actually is, You'll finish the story and only have explored 1/4th of the map.Highly Rec 8/10"
76561198021184855,Recommended,306130,31439958,Posted: 29 April,all,sgtkill66,Back when I played Beta it was the worst game I ever played. Mind you i played Beta a week before release and there was so many bugs game play was bad graphics where bad. After waiting a few years when thye got rid of monthly pay ment and it was on sale i got it an i now enjoy it. It has changed a lot and the game play became very good.
76561197997832536,Recommended,306130,31443357,Posted: 29 April,all,Dirinel,Simply fantastic for multiplayer and singleplayer.
76561197981856112,Recommended,306130,31446982,Posted: 29 April,all,The One who knocks !,Mage Guild quest => Sheogorath ? count me in !
76561198004437111,Recommended,306130,31522620,Posted: 3 May,all,GunLovingBob,"Hi i bought the game 2 months ago on steam, and played it on release to, but back then the game was broken. But what can i say 550 Hours the first 2 months :O I LOVE THIS GAME, it is my nr. 1 game for me, and i try to be a MMO gamer but no  MMO can match this game, Believe me, I've played them all. ESO i can´t stop playing you, it´s so much better now. ESO YOU KICK♥♥♥♥♥<3"
76561198232976080,Recommended,306130,31726575,Posted: 13 May,all,黑铯,很好的
,Recommended,306130,31859170,Posted: 20 May,all,✪ Huksteal,I like The Elder Scrolls Lore and i like this game
76561198075050287,Recommended,306130,31779315,Posted: 15 May,all,BSaurus77,this is my faveorite
,Recommended,306130,31777783,Posted: 15 May,all,MadMerks,Visit citys you know just bigger.
76561198319900427,Recommended,306130,27809812,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Eggscellent,"Man when you play this game there will be some funny NPC comments such as ""Don't be presumptuous, mortal, or I'll banish you to the Isle of Lusty Bards.""  or  ""You look like a sturdy one. Shell I treat you to my whip or the riding crop?""This is probably my second best MMO game the Environment is beautiful of course all the elder scrolls landscapes are the best, this was way better when it was Veteran Ranks.SERIOUSLY THEY HAD TO MAKE FIERY GRIP THE FOURTH ABILTY THAT WAS GAME BREAKING TO ME."
,Recommended,306130,29640461,Posted: 1 February,all,Whty,Good game only mmo I've ever liked
76561198102762161,Recommended,306130,26724648,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Kenny Loggins,Got killed by a mudcrab 420/666
76561198038548482,Recommended,306130,31164890,Posted: 15 April,all,xXxAngelxXx,"I really enjoying the game !I think it is the best MMO out there .Pro :Game has many players any time of the day i played this game none stop all day and all night for like a week .  always people in gameRight now you can get the game for 10$ which is amazing deal. Right now you can also pick up the 30$ version which has all 4 DLC which are fun and worth it .Very good combat system that feels right .you can play 1st person or 3rd personHuge map -> you can play for days and not finish 10% of the gameAmazing quests with good story linesAmazing crafting system with 6 different things to craft like : weapons , alch , enchatinYou can play and get decent drops of items or you can craft the best itemsIT IS NOT PAY to WIN game !It has a decent main story !Good PvE and PvP . also on the map there are some boss and events you can do . you dont need to group up . they just appear on the map and many peopel would just run to it.Con :It isnt really a con but you need ESO plus to have a crafting bag that saves huge amount of space in your inv. you can buy space up to 280 spaces with gold . But i would say buy ESO plus 1-3 months so you can enjoy leveling up without the hussle of managing your inv after few quests. its kinda an issue with some people but its not really game breakingSometimes when you do some quests other player can mess up your quest if its requiring sneaking up. yes someone did mess up my quest and made me redo everythnig becasue they mess up my sneaking to a place .I can probably add more things to this review.But know this the game for the price is the best deal out there !Also there is a big expansion coming out in June .100% must buy for any MMO fan and Elder scrolls fan !"
,Recommended,306130,24767545,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Molag Zaal,So far this game looks really good graphics wise. Up there with FF XIV
,Recommended,306130,27337533,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,eat my shorts🐢,rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip 10/10 rip
,Recommended,306130,28672418,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,{SashoTV},"This Game is Awsome! I really enjoy playing the game!Pros!-big map-so much quest- friendly community-nice graphics-so much items in game-its not pay2win-in game pets like monkeys,dogs-you can fap on this game 24/7cons!-so much money for the game-becoming like WoW- have Bugs-you cant finish some quest-there is not any gamemodesso i will give the game 81.3/100highly recommendet if you love TES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,306130,28636907,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,H2CO3(aq),"After some recent patches, and repricing, the game is now pretty awesome."
,Recommended,306130,26609981,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Ampl0fi,"I love it. It's just like playing an Elder Scrolls game in many ways, but not all. It definitely owns up to the title of being a full-fledged MMORPG.Being a brand new player, the presentation of the game world and controls definitely makes me nostalgic strangely for both EQOA (Everquest Online Adventures, way back on the PS2 in the year 2003) and Skyrim (right at launch).If you're looking for an MMO that feels strangely new, yet nostalgic (if you've been playing MMOs for awhile), and also feels like a true Elder Scrolls sandbox, this is it."
,Recommended,306130,27473420,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pineapplejuice,This game is pretty fun i enjoyed almost all the quests i did and dungeons overall theres no problems except one.  The Communisom update its really annoying because when you level up your good armor degrades and gets worse and its kinda stupid when i can easily beat a level 500 in a duel but the rest of the game kinda makes up for it.
,Recommended,306130,29493119,Posted: 25 January,all,Majes7ic_Narwhal3,This game kills me everytime I log on I spend hours apon hours a day playing this game just because theres so much to do and see after 33 hours i still havent even touched 5% of it !
76561198117248717,Recommended,306130,21143392,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Stusserr,"Bad, Alright, Ok its good, Im addicted, Amazing"
,Recommended,306130,29366912,Posted: 19 January,all,Strides,"It is a fun game, but it doesn't play like an Elder Scrolls game, it's more like World of Warcraft."
76561197992108948,Recommended,306130,26079352,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,PJ666,"Great game, lots of lore, good paced and lots of content.PvP is awsome! Last session we were defending a castle for like 45 minutes with battle lines being pushed back and forth and in the end we overcame them with a superior number of siege engines.Truly an awsome game."
76561198217936489,Recommended,306130,28545863,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,willdabeast1997,awesome time killer
,Recommended,306130,27670661,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RHXOR,its ok
,Recommended,306130,26569483,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,miasma cincinatti,good
76561198057100296,Recommended,306130,26934203,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kamelonel,Great game!
76561198061565543,Recommended,306130,26950828,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Madracula,"I love spending time in the land of Tamriel, and this game is no exeption. The fact that I've spent so long immersed in the multiple storylines. Each time I log in, there is always something I can do. As far as MMO's go, its not bad, but maybe a bit rough around the edges. If your looking for the full experience, buy the gold edition, as it comes with all the DLC for the first year."
76561198158054682,Recommended,306130,27100966,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Autismo,Best mmo rpg hands down
,Recommended,306130,27966740,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pterodactyls,1
76561198297660132,Recommended,306130,31202484,Posted: 17 April,all,loginho 69,very good game XD
,Recommended,306130,31202415,Posted: 17 April,all,Kradingmaew #Dab,love this
76561198121981263,Recommended,306130,30573120,Posted: 17 March,all,Idoshka,Well I am kind of puzzled now... The new Update was supposed to be good why are the houses hella overprized and not even that fancy..
76561198251779242,Recommended,306130,31201015,Posted: 17 April,all,WoohooDaThird(TROAFS),This is the best game i ever played even though on your first character it always takes a long time to level up.
76561197970930952,Recommended,306130,16299804,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Asta,Nice game but not for me.
76561198200193737,Recommended,306130,20481781,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,davidzheng141,"OMW THIS IS LIKE THE BEST MMO I EVER PLAYED!! I have spent countless hours on this game and it has been an absolute blast! The combat is fast paset and excited, it gives u full freedom over your character weather its to block or dodge roll or just take the attack head on. I feel like in this game the pvp accually takes skill because a lvl 12 player who is realy good at the game could easily kill a lvl 41 player who is a noob. This makes the game a lot more fun because if you are good, but low level u dont have to run from the higher lvl players. I think that the seige warfare and the open world pvp realy allowes the players to social. I think this is an almost flawness game! The only 2 downsides i can think of is that there is no organized small scale pvp option in the game (keep in mind there are dueling guilds who host dueling gatherings so its not completely lacking). Second some of the apilitys are kinda OP and annoying. I mean its stupid when u get 1 shot by a guy who only stacks weapon damage and spamms wreking blow. #nerfwrekingblow!!! This game also has one of the most friendly and welcoming comunities i have ever seen. Over all i 100% recoment this game to any MMO RPG fans and even for people who dont normaly play MMO RPGs."
76561198118940965,Recommended,306130,20485326,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,XimXim,"Great game, but this whole banning account without any explanation from ESO team destroy the game..."
,Recommended,306130,20494265,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,next pulse,"I hope this game never dies. If you have no social life try this game , a lot of fantasy, many worlds to discover, make friends as many you want, i even got a virtual gf lol hahahha !!!10/10 best mmorpg ive ever played!!"
76561198074023465,Recommended,306130,20006981,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Surkie,Fantastic game. Have no idea why it gets hate from reviewers.My only advice would be to not treat it as a Single-Player ES game like Skyrim or Oblivion.Treat it like an MMO in the WORLD of Skyrim.  If you enjoy action-based MMO's and fun crafting as well as absolutely fantastic looking worlds then you'll love ESO.
,Recommended,306130,25476483,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Kronosath,"Best MMORPG in my opinion, because there is no pay-to-win system, well, there are few DLCs though but, that only increase a certain adventure and some dungeons, not to mention those DLCs are bad, but the developer did a well done job, you can play freely without DLcs blocking you up. The community are so nice, best community i've ever play with"
,Recommended,306130,26765548,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Master Shifu,Very good mmorpg with fluid graphics and different combat physics.9/10 would play forever.
76561198259889427,Recommended,306130,31139054,Posted: 14 April,all,Balin,gr8
76561198098553391,Recommended,306130,32149187,Posted: 3 June,all,Js_SiFuS,"Its an awesome MMORPG game, with lots of adventures and action."
,Recommended,306130,32161425,Posted: 3 June,all,.-.PROFIT.-.,i downloaded the game but it wouldnt load but so i redownloaded it and its still not even load up so i dont understand whats wrong please someone help me
,Recommended,306130,26692027,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,TrouT,"I think i can have some say when i have played 350+ hours, i love it and cant get enough.seriously get this game, then tell your friends then make them get it."
,Recommended,306130,26506666,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,OGDirtyDan,Quality game
,Recommended,306130,29405294,Posted: 21 January,all,Planet Destroyer,play it
,Not Recommended,306130,31330037,Posted: 23 April,all,Gordon Ramsay,"I absolutely love the Elder Scrolls series. Though I've only played 2 of the games in the series that being Skyrim and parts of Oblivion, I plan to play the other games too. Notice how I said only 2 games in the series. ""Elder Scrolls"" Online is NOT part of the Elder Scrolls lore. Ok so this game is actually pretty fun since I haven't played an MMO since Ragnarok Online. But at least Ragnarok Online is free-to-play and not a pay then pay some more type of MMO. That is exactly what The Elder Scrolls online is. It has a story but it's so weak and the voice actors are absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥they might as well not have even made one. The server is such♥♥♥♥♥♥it reminds me of Ubisoft and don't even get me started on Ubisoft. The loot system is complete garbage and it's so painstakingly slow to level up. But even when you do level up, you don't feel rewarded you just feel like you're so insignificant and can't do anything. The PVP is so damn unfair that I just wanna go over to whoever made the PVP at ZeniMax and beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them. No matter what you can never land a hit on your enemy unless you're a pay-to-play type of gamer then ♥♥♥♥ off. While I will compliment the game on it's cool design and HUGE map, I can easily burn that to the ground by telling you that the map is so dead and lifeless that you don't even care like you did in Skyrim or Morrowind or hell all of the other real Elder Scrolls games. This might as well have been ZeniMax's cashgrab from every player who thought that this was going to be a solid experience but no this title just ♥♥♥♥♥ on the Elder Scrolls series and ruins its amazing reputation. I want to like this game, I really do. But when you constantly get asked to pay more and more for a game that's so lackluster, how can I like it? From microtransactions to highly overpriced DLCs, you're always gonna feel like you NEED to spend more money on this game and that's the Bethesda we know. Well I'm pretty sure they're going down the EA path. Though I will compliment the game on its absolutely beautiful soundtrack that had me stay in the main menu for a while. But that's like the only good thing in my opinion.  There's just so much bad and so little good in this game to justify it's price. If you want a real Elder Scrolls Online just go download the Tamriel Online mod for Skyirm. It's much better in my opinion. Even though I ♥♥♥♥♥ alot about this game, I still play it so you can judge me all you want."
76561198112162794,Recommended,306130,29883546,Posted: 12 February,all,biofalcon,luv it
,Recommended,306130,26968648,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,j t k,Just a fantastic game. This is the first MMORPG I have ever liked and its for a good reason. The questing in this game is incredible! It is a very chill and deep game that I am looking forward to put hundreds of hours into.9/10Worth a buy
,Recommended,306130,26311427,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Cydio,I bought this game for 60 USD and now there's a Gold Edition for the same price with all of the DLC's?!?!?
,Recommended,306130,26311682,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,alanca03,"Finally, an MMO that has content I give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about! I've been playing since Morrowind, and I'm enjoying this installment a lot. Don't expect a single-player experience, because this obviously is not. But; if you can manage to turn off Zone chat you may find yourself really enjoying the AWESOME graphics and AMAZING voice acting. I've never felt so attached to random NPC that I do quests for! And; it seems like everyone doesn't have the same voice (looking at you, Skyrim) But- really enjoy it for what it is! Finally you can explore most of Tamriel! A real must have for fans of Morrowind, Oblivion or Skyrim in my opinion- however this IS an MMO! (Albiet a very very good one!)"
76561198028428157,Recommended,306130,33062524,Posted: 30 June,all,Thinkphil,"Good game, but no so fun after the first playthrought..."
,Recommended,306130,33182260,Posted: 3 July,all,deliciousTurtle,"Great game, very addicting. So much to do."
76561198057061319,Recommended,306130,32112054,Posted: 1 June,all,L0ki,Fun!
76561198164744084,Recommended,306130,33193181,Posted: 3 July,all,ryansteff,just like warcraft but Elder scrolls skins
76561198145665611,Recommended,306130,31777229,Posted: 15 May,all,Senpai~goku~chan,"This is the best game I have played! It involves EVERYTHING I LOOOOOOOOOVE!!!! Whether it iis questing, Exploring, Or KILLING (PVP, PVE, or just random things). The Most best thing is that there are other real life people playing this with you. They can help, trade or kill you!! :)There are guilds to join! And all sorts of achievements! And then there is costumization!!! I love the freedom this game has! You can even have houses! HOW AWESOME IS THAT!?!?! I started playing Skyrim on the X box and really loved it! Then I found this AND ADORED IT!IT WAS TOOOOOOOOOOOTALLY Worth the money!!!"
,Recommended,306130,30564586,Posted: 17 March,all,Bread,If this game had chicken Armour everything would be wayyyyyyy better.
,Recommended,306130,32347589,Posted: 11 June,all,AncientZz,After playing a little bit of this game highly recommendedPROS:Great LayoutMusicArmour/Weapons ETCCharactersgood overallCONS:so many side quests omg XD
,Recommended,306130,26293458,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,MagicTurtle,Already played for 15 hours and it is an amazing game they really made some huge changes since it first came out. Its a massive game and really pretty aswell.
,Recommended,306130,26967861,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sig,"great time waster, 10/10"
,Recommended,306130,19986571,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,YourFavoriteNurse,Ive been playing for 4 hours....Love this game
,Recommended,306130,31101075,Posted: 12 April,all,Lord of Time and Space,Ohh yeah now i just love this game.
,Recommended,306130,20817887,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Jetti,haha really?
76561198067299989,Recommended,306130,25733875,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Scootz,Huge amount of content. Every Quest is different
76561198315753886,Recommended,306130,25747490,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Nyferia,"Love it :) Went from skyrim to this, and loving it. Not happy about having to buy Crowns to purchase the guilds though."
,Recommended,306130,25735905,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,тнe иoятн™,"Co-worker is like, oh? you have steam? Get Elder Scrolls Online its hella fun!Little did he know I don't play mmo's anymore for health reasons growing up.1) feels sorry and buys it.2) started playing, Got bored first little bit... only Ate once Since purchess.3) Almost forgot work and was almost late.4) I Need help, day 2 didnt eat yet, only stopped for Maintance.5) 20/10 No regrets."
,Recommended,306130,25738451,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Epic,"The game is great, although I simply can't play PvP part of it because of high ping (unfortunately none of the game companies have servers in Central Asia), but PvE pays off so much that I can't think of any words to describe it."
,Recommended,306130,33649206,Posted: 19 July,all,Mas Egie,"Scores tableGameplay85Atmosphere85Graphic85Sound80Music95Story90AI85Community85Overall86This is not Skyrim Online, this is Elder Scrolls Online. Don't expecting it has same gameplay with offline Elder Scrolls series.Battle mechanic is good and challenging, it takes time to get used to it and more time to master it. Some quests are little repetitive but have differrent story, so don't skip quest convertation. Real money items are quite expensive, but you don't really need em to have fun, mostly just cosmetic items.Nice community, amazing soundtracks, and beautiful Tamriel World. I absolutely recommend ESO if you like Elder Scrolls lore and MMORPG."
76561198169474665,Recommended,306130,23903132,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,UnseenMurda,When ever i feel like doing dungeons or pvp i always run to this i got a few otthers but this one is played more than final fantasy realm reborn.
76561197987260915,Recommended,306130,33254044,Posted: 4 July,all,VVhitesnake,Good RPG in an MMO genre.
,Recommended,306130,27295495,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bfoll,PVP experience is legendary.
,Recommended,306130,27284431,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pablo,Pretty good game
,Recommended,306130,27299831,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MrMixas,"One of ""Those"" games, which u cant stop playing!"
76561198059531956,Recommended,306130,27532389,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Red Hot Buff,!Nice open world game
76561198050153221,Recommended,306130,27532659,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Immortal Fish,"It's a step back from Skyrim in a number of ways, yet I still dig it all the same.  Should satisfy even the most finicky blunt-ear.  I would Elder Scrolls again!"
76561198063772079,Recommended,306130,27291363,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Samurai Jack,this game is super good go ahead and buy it now!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,306130,33252983,Posted: 4 July,all,PuppetMasterHex,LOVE IT MUAHAHAHAHAHAHA IM HERE TO STAY
,Recommended,306130,33248982,Posted: 4 July,all,Desiigner,...
,Recommended,306130,26733022,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,GalacticXDab,its lit
76561197973048557,Not Recommended,306130,33819267,Posted: 26 July,all,Bishop,"I have been an Elder Scrolls fan for many years. While this game respects the feel of the Tamriel world, and actually expands upon it, it constantly crashes and is virtually unplayable. I am not particularly difficult to please concerning video games, but i can't help but feel that i have been robbed by purchasing this game. The crashes are not an issue with my machine, since it is the only online game with which i have issues. Very disappointing!"
76561198036310768,Recommended,306130,12598065,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,andy.r.t,"Probably the best RPG game i have ever seen, this game rocks!  Unfortunately suffers from teething problems as i have recently found i am unable to play the game due to my game version is not recognized.  Should these problems ever be cleared up i would then thoroughly recommend this game but until that happens i would suggest you think very carefully about purchasing this game. The fact that you are paying a monthly fee should be considered in that you are possibly paying for a game that from time to time you will not be able to play .... You decide,  Do you feel lucky?"
,Recommended,306130,19984934,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ChronicLizard,Good game. Bad MMORPG.
76561198245946786,Recommended,306130,18935305,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,SouL Amends,I have downloaded ESO on my PC but im havin trouble downloading it on my MAC laptop. Every time i try to open it on this laptop it bounces in the bar at the bottom then disappears without a pop up saying why. It works amazing on my PC and i can stream it from there to here but im current on vacation and really awnt to play it. any ideas?
,Recommended,306130,25647403,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Creech,cant find password dont know hpw to enter :(
,Recommended,306130,33891097,Posted: 29 July,all,"I have 2,621 unknown STDs",Dank memes mate very dank and excelente
76561198302927806,Recommended,306130,33878373,Posted: 29 July,all,--Q--,Nice
76561198103908491,Recommended,306130,24187653,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kohaku strifer,I love this game. thats it.
76561198155795589,Recommended,306130,22437685,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,kittiepliskin,*****
,Recommended,306130,33721714,Posted: 22 July,all,Starsiege,its cool
76561198165626185,Recommended,306130,32055348,Posted: 29 May,all,Tony the Talking Clock,Great edition to the Elder Scrolls series. Bethesda honestly makes the best games I know of. Keep up the awesome work!
,Recommended,306130,28301176,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,probably a trap,>fought molag bal himself and survive>dies to bear trap and slaughterfish
76561198094492385,Recommended,306130,21559211,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Subatomic,A good game but a bit to grindy
,Recommended,306130,21559729,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,xIslandGamerx,It's ok but i would love if they had kept the themes or some tracks from Skyrim. The music and the game itself is beautiful. Nothing to worry about.
76561198152151044,Recommended,306130,21516182,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TheEnchantingBowlOfSoup,Amazing Game!
76561198090733197,Recommended,306130,21545424,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Augustine,It's fine I guess.
76561198270955778,Recommended,306130,21614812,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,stephencompton47,amazing
,Recommended,306130,21477374,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mork79,"It's story is nothing to hold your breath over, but the gamplay and MMO make up gor many times."
76561198354107836,Recommended,306130,34543005,Posted: 27 August,all,Shmoney11,it was very good
,Recommended,306130,34561432,Posted: 28 August,all,G7IMMSHOT,A really fun and entertaining game.
,Recommended,306130,34436135,Posted: 23 August,all,Tyler Robey,"I don't know why this get's bad reception, it's brilliant. Elder Scrolls in an MMO, what's not to love. Annoyed how I brought it, then it came on sale the next day."
76561198225781396,Recommended,306130,32580797,Posted: 19 June,all,jjstuec,Very great game. A wonderful mmo and a great elderscrolls game. You get to do all these fun things with your friends. Almost all the quest are interesting and the skill system is pretty awesome. The one downside to this game is most think its the whole world of tamriel but they block off a few provinces. But overall its a great game.
,Recommended,306130,34447866,Posted: 23 August,all,The masked Ninja,"Have not played it yet but, for me it took up 200gb to install so i had to install it on a 3tb drive. Idk if its just because i'm on mac but just a fair warning to all. Other then that it looks like a really fun game I can't wait to play it. :D"
76561198307584829,Recommended,306130,34446366,Posted: 23 August,all,beastly105,so i have a issue i need help with by my fellow steam players. ive bought this again as i played it on realease on xbox one and enjoyed it im also a lover of skyrim! however on download of this huge game which took all night i may add. i start it up only for the laucher to start downloading the whole thing from scratch! after hours of searching online it seems like this is just the only way! what the heck! any help or insights into this would help a ton!
76561198348109909,Recommended,306130,33801601,Posted: 25 July,all,Deadarmour,Can see hundreds of hours spent in the future...
,Recommended,306130,34481092,Posted: 25 August,all,unrealretard,It is a good game half the reviews are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,306130,34508809,Posted: 26 August,all,Dexterbaxter,This game is cool.I like it.
76561198120418096,Recommended,306130,31381824,Posted: 26 April,all,Killa Byte,"I've only played it for a handful of hours now, but I can tell its really great. Theyre still coming out with new stuff. The community is AMAZING. I ask questions in zone chat about crafting, questing, and selling and many people rush to my aid, often resulting in friendships. I was never particularly impressed by WoW, mainly because of lack of gameplay, but ESO plays like wonderfully.Get the gold edition. This game is much more enjoyable with those updates."
,Recommended,306130,29754580,Posted: 6 February,all,TheCoolCore,"This is by far one of the greatest MMORPGs I have played, also it's one of the best on the market. If you like MMORPGs and roleplaying, and also Elder Scrolls games, than this is for you..."
76561197992790187,Recommended,306130,30203774,Posted: 26 February,all,Old man Cane,I won't lie I played the beta and was found it was lacking . But after couple of friends said they would play with me. I got the game on sale and started to play and play and play. I am shock how good the game got and the furture update I am looking forward too. I Recommend this game.
,Recommended,306130,30213454,Posted: 26 February,all,Peighn,"Played ESO when it started on BETA February 2014 but it was different compared this year. After sinking 100 hours, I just started Champion levels on my first character and still has a lot of content to go through. There's a lot of changes since the ""One Tamriel"" update and I like it a lot. Used to be a subscription based game that carried over to a buy to play model. I'm using an old budget gaming pc to play the game it runs great on my system.There's a lot of things to do, regardless of your playstyle. PVE, PVP, Group, Solo or even Role Play. Map is pretty huge, there's a lot to explore. I wasn't able to explore ESO before the One Tamriel patch but I'm loving it now. I play just a couple of hours everyday and depending on my availablity and play more on weekends. Leveling up doesn't seem to be a grind. This game is like any TES  game converted to an MMO.There's a lot that I like about this game and it's not like any other MMO that I have played. It's a good MMO to try for those who haven't tried it yet or those who played before the One Tamriel patch.System Specificaiton:AMD Phenom X4 955 3.2GHz12 GB RAMASRock 970 Extreme 4 MotherboardAMD Radeon 7870 XTWD Caviar Blue 500GB HDDResolution: 1366x768In-game Video Settings: HighLocation: South East AsiaServer: North AmericaPing: 200ms-250ms"
,Recommended,306130,30644032,Posted: 20 March,all,wboyett89,"Normally i get burned out with MMO's within a month it has been like 4 months and i still have lots of in game content i have not experienced. the quest lines are genuinely intriguing , and sometimes gets you to make some deep thought provoking decisions (if you are into that). the crafting system has a lot of variations so you don't have everyone wearing the exact same thing. and you don't have to continuously pay to play or even pay to win."
,Recommended,306130,30660429,Posted: 21 March,all,Stripes,I'd give it a lot more time if I had the money to buy the DLC and make my cute lizardboy have decent clothes.
76561198122729101,Recommended,306130,17132085,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Nuremberg,ESO is a great game for anyone who enjoyed Skyrim. Highly recommended and highly addicting.
,Recommended,306130,24120683,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,TheGamingPenguin2998,"this is probably the best elder scrolls game since oblivion, and its freaking online i didn't think that would ever happen did you? probably not but if you did than i applaud you. so what are you waiting for come play this wonderful game or else you'll be missing a lot of prescious elder scrolls time."
,Recommended,306130,30202318,Posted: 26 February,all,Yay111,hey thats pretty good
,Recommended,306130,30209614,Posted: 26 February,all,Layton,"ESO is a pleasant surprise. This game has come a long way since I played it in open beta.It is a competent RPG, and an excellent addition to the MMO genre."
,Recommended,306130,30204523,Posted: 26 February,all,Danomnomnom,"Ideally, this is best played with other people. But, even alone, it is damn fun.Also, it's ideally played if you have a strong and stable internet connection, unlike myself... Having to mooch off other people's internet to play kinda sucks a bit of fun out of it."
76561198081892201,Recommended,306130,23387255,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Gunslinger-Jack,FAKIN AWESOME!!! Just the only k@k is the extra download for the EU server just download directly from the Bethesda's website for ESO if your playing EU server. then you dont need the extra 8GB download after the faking 53GB download. Would recomend this game to anyone!
,Recommended,306130,26696597,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mistborn,"Good:A beautiful game, big maps to explore, variety in scenery, and plenty of playing hours.Bad:Quests become dull because they follow a pattern: ""Find this, deliver this, save these, kill that."" Battle also becomes dull due to lack of variety."
76561198092539872,Recommended,306130,26695444,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,eltap,Not a big MMO fan but have really enjoyed playing this.  Totally worth the sale price.
,Recommended,306130,23388093,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Angry Man,"Great game, not into MMORG but daaaamn!Try it out you wont regret it!"
,Recommended,306130,33105584,Posted: 1 July,all,General Howe,yes
76561198068369046,Recommended,306130,26392309,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,TheUnknownCanine,i just bought 30$ worth of crowns and i cant find any of them idk why
,Recommended,306130,21978101,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SeekerShe,"It's a good game, I'm not saying otherwise. But imagine an MMO that is a lot more like Skyrim..."
,Recommended,306130,22049256,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Hammerdruid,"This is a very very good game, I hardly recommend this to everyone that has played Skyrim:elder scrolls V and all other elder scrolls games. The elder scrolls online Tamriel unlimited is a Game/DLC game that you dont need subscription fee (pay every month) for, like only the elder scrolls online. WARNING: the game takes 50GB and the DLC 3GB or something. But if you got the internett for it then your good to go. If you aleready got Elder scrolls online, I guess you only need to download the Tamriel unlimited DLC. But I dont know, I just bought Elder scrolls online:Tamriel Unlimited"
76561198132649389,Recommended,306130,25447717,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,BeardedFancyman,"Wow.I played this in late alpha and beta, and Im sure everyone by now knows that this game was a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Well, talk about turning things around... this game is incredile! You can easily play it without subscription, but for me, it ended up that the crafting bag alone was worth the subscription price; not to mention getting all of the DLC and other perks.I think its been said enough times that this isnt Skyrim Online, so I wont go into that. But this is an extrememly well fleshed out world with an abundance of lore and an abundance of content.Go walking around off of the beaten path, and youll discover quests and content all over the place.Do and be what you want. No need to regret not rolling a class that uses two handed weapons... just use one. Armor, weapons... its all up to you. If you want to be a theif (Nightblade) in heavy armor with a massive two handed sword, you can.The crafting system is actually useful and not just a gold sink. You can craft things you will actually use and improve your existing items... and crafting is immediatley useful; you dont have to spend weeks or months crafting to get to the point where you make anything useful. You can realistically craft the weapons and armor you need to keep you going as you level.Im not crazy about the lack of an auction house and using guild stalls here and there for player based sales, but it isnt terrible, and doesnt hurt the game at all.Lastly, its really one of the better comminities Ive run accross, and Ive been playing MMOs since the late 90's. People are friendly and helpful and at worst, the trolls are minimal.It goes on sale for 50% off from time to time, but its well worth the full price!"
76561198050111621,Recommended,306130,18298602,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Chrys O'Poeia,"This game is a ton of fun and a welcome break from reality - bite sized or chunky, whichever you need. :) My favourite Elder Scrolls game since Morrowind."
,Recommended,306130,21938751,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,シャドーフォックスフ,Get through the download and this game is great!
76561198149657507,Recommended,306130,22053648,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Bwayogre59,awesome game
76561198098751585,Recommended,306130,21994093,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Mastapacin,"The only thing i dont like is that, if my router resets or i lose my internet midgame i have to repair the game and that can take hours."
76561198133614127,Recommended,306130,22047331,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Friendly Guy,Extremely fun and has a huge amount of content !
,Recommended,306130,31192666,Posted: 16 April,all,KH4N X,"Imagine a large length of time, now imagine that time is gone. 8/10"
76561198158536236,Recommended,306130,26675275,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,xRGTx,Got to say wow....this one of the best games ive played..if your in to skyrim then you must must must play this..i used to play skyrim and wish it could have other players joing me..now there are 1000s of players and you can group up do missions..it is just awesome..enjoy..
76561198203296027,Recommended,306130,22057004,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Yuri,I really enjoy playing this game it has many options and a lot to explore and its a fun experience with your friends
,Recommended,306130,34002227,Posted: 3 August,all,morzy shitbreak games banned me,AWESOME!
76561198120692600,Recommended,306130,26675170,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,CleverKid ☠,Juegazo 10/10 lo recomiendo sin dudarlo un poco es el mejor MMO que he jugado con diferencia ;)
,Recommended,306130,31127299,Posted: 13 April,all,atomick,"ESO is a decent MMORPG, and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a story-driven and easy to pick up title in an MMO setting. The game truly delivers on the RPG half, but the MMO aspect of the game is lacking, which I think works well for an Elder Scrolls title. The end game is non existent, so if you choose to pick up the game to play, expect to play an Elder Scrolls-esque game with little to do aside from story missions and side quests. PvP in ESO is better, more challenging, and more intuitive than in both WoW and GW2, but that's probably it's only real strength on either game.Overall, ESO is a solid title, probably a 6.5/10, but nothing stellar. Picking it up on sale would be most worth it, as $60 may be a bit steep for this one."
76561198083938491,Recommended,306130,21938507,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Wes,I can honestly say that this is my most favorite game I've ever played.
76561198021115540,Recommended,306130,16986089,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Lemarcq,"just spended 26h at once, the game is better then release (where i maybe played for 10ish hours)So yeah having alot of fun right now.maybe if they bring an Expension the game will even regrow alot. pretty sure it will both expension and game growth10/10Update 24/11/2016:♥♥♥♥ing good game afther the One tamriel Update, and the free weekend!100/10 would play again."
,Recommended,306130,15282705,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,iNightwng,gREAT GAME SINCE IT BECAME FREE TO PLAY
76561198105673212,Recommended,306130,26966681,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Umma,"Excellent game at the price, even more fun with a few friends."
,Recommended,306130,22613524,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Kovian,If you like the elder scrolls games and MMORPG's then this is the game for you. Lots of fun has been had on this game and alot to come
,Recommended,306130,30042916,Posted: 19 February,all,Hemels,I've played this game on both PS4 and PC and love the MMORPG. It has the capabilities for team and solo adventuring and if you have a friend that already plays ESO you can still team and level together as all content is scaleable to everyones level.
76561198107361357,Recommended,306130,30043724,Posted: 19 February,all,ghengisbob,"I go back to the original Daggerfall, and really enjoyed that world. I have played other mmos, but not recently; so i figured I would give ESO a try. So far so good. The mix between familiar and new is good."
76464764764764746,Recommended,306130,34353964,Posted: 19 August,all,Pull up in a 4n,"Although I do recommend this game, I can't justify buying it if you have no one to play with. It can become seriously boring while playing alone. Infact I lost interest for this very reason. I began playing with friends and as they lost interest I stopped playing aswell."
,Recommended,306130,20235129,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,♒ Shadow Bearer {Keezy},"im having a lot of fun playing this, and i think you will too!If you want to save yourself a bunch of grinding i'd recommend getting the Imperial edition. it comes with a horse."
76561198078597187,Recommended,306130,34338607,Posted: 18 August,all,athos_genecis,just one word.... EPIC :D
,Recommended,306130,34332876,Posted: 18 August,all,Finrod,I really liked this game :)
,Recommended,306130,25441902,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,rubiousness,you need a really good laptop to play this game :~<
,Recommended,306130,34428258,Posted: 22 August,all,NeXus (Matt),its an ok expierence.
,Recommended,306130,33405928,Posted: 9 July,all,"Taylor""DMF""Holiday","We have 5 million players of Oblivion and Skyrim, 10 million maybe. Everyone is ready to try The Elder Scrolls Online, but we need Chinese!"
76561198262976881,Recommended,306130,25435895,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Lance-loup QC,"That game's nice but, only one thing that I dislike is the DLC's price. Seriously. Annoying. It's not the contents, it's the price and such. I know you guys want to make money with it, but seriously, game theses days... Why such price for DLCs? And I find it kind of hard to play it first, using steam.If we forget about what I said up there, the game's graphics are not perfect, but still better than most of the others Mmos that I played. And the game's still got a good Gameplay.They fixed the tails? I mean the lizard's and cat's one's. Argonians have their going through the chairs/siting places, and the deads Khajit's tails seemed rather... lively?(Please forgive me for any mistakes that i may have done.)I still recommend it!"
76561197972430972,Recommended,306130,19590803,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,TeknoBug,"I'm a long time MMORPG gamer, this game is OK but nothing truly special about it.  Take the free weekend (this weekend?) and decide for yourself, I won't say it sucks but also it doesn't stand out over any of the other MMO's but it is fairly popular so you shouldn't have any trouble finding groups when you need one.* I don't have a lot of time on record on here because I use the game launcher without Steam."
,Recommended,306130,20714330,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Red,Terrible Runescape ripoff with horrid graphics. 10/10
,Recommended,306130,26020562,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Zephyr_AK,"-buy game-72 hours of downloading later-wake up in interdimensional prison as a plantigrade cat-my high elf buddy, Professor Feelgood is also there-we escape said interdimensional prison-stumble into first town-we find out we can steal stuff-crime pays-begin saving up enough money for a horse-as i level up i put points into stamina because im playing a ninja-13 levels later-finally has 10k gold-buys a horse-i can run faster than the horse- :v"
76561198049783739,Recommended,306130,33977562,Posted: 2 August,all,ddm7986,The creesda did a fantastic beautiful job! Been playing  Tamerial Unlimited just over 100 hours. Not regretting a single minute. Can not hardly wait to collect the game in its entirety. I do not believe I will be waiting a penny.  keep up the good work Bethesda!
76561198272454489,Recommended,306130,34029404,Posted: 4 August,all,Siinny,"Best game ive played in a while, coming from an avid World of Warcraft player"
76561198325696554,Recommended,306130,34036738,Posted: 5 August,all,✪ MNC. FrostY,great game. recomend it to people who like big mmo rpg's
76561198178021662,Recommended,306130,34949680,Posted: 14 September,all,The Unsullied,"When I am reviewing this I only have 11 hours in the game, however, I know this game is amazing already, I haven't played many MMOs, I've only played SWTOR and Lord of the rings online, but this is by far my favourite MMO, the combat is fun and responsive, and a lot of the community is friendly. It does require a lot of grinding to level up. The NPCs are mostly fun to speak to and most are realistic, role playing is also fun because of all the Emotes. I Really recommend this game, however, grab it on sale, it's expensive."
,Recommended,306130,34253497,Posted: 15 August,all,Andicies,"I've spent too much time in this game, and hev'ent even started with DLC yet. This game is addictive in the good way and I suggest you give it a try"
,Recommended,306130,34987027,Posted: 15 September,all,Sir Loin,"Have around 40 hours (GOTTA PUMP THOSE NUMBERS UP! THOSE ARE ROOKIE NUMBERS!) invested in the game and I really like it. Reminds me a little of Everquest 2 (arguable, I guess). I'm only level 19, but am looking forward to shredding some more levels!  Soooo glad there is a limit to the quest log. Lol.Also the community is really awesome. A few times I've asked the main chat noob questions and some of folks have gone out their way to craft me some armor or help me with a quest.Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10"
76561198302209146,Recommended,306130,34987024,Posted: 15 September,all,luke2779,A very emersive game with hours of gameplay and lots of additional features
76561197962476704,Recommended,306130,34979887,Posted: 15 September,all,[TCOM] FiestaMasta,What an absolute breath of fresh air. I've been looking for a new MMO since my WoW days. (Stopped playing at the end of Cata). Tried several different titles with different mechanics but nothing ever really held my interest for a decent amount of time. I'm not the absolute biggest fan of the Elder Scrolls lore though I can appreciate a good fantasy story line. The mechanics themselves have me hooked. Especially the class/weapon/skill point system that allows for such a vast degree of experimentation and customization. The game itself just feels very complete with a little bit of something for everyone. I love the PVE content especially the dungeons. I'm still leveling but am happy that I've had mostly successful groups but not 100% successful which is a good thing. Means I can't run through the dungeon with my eyes closed running the exact same rotation.
76561198077021544,Recommended,306130,34972566,Posted: 15 September,all,~onSTRONGmeds,best game ever
76561198072152233,Recommended,306130,32778652,Posted: 25 June,all,Banana,REALLY COOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,306130,24157498,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,MonkeyFarm54,"I absolutely love this game, the combat is incredible interactive, the landscapes are varied interesting, the questing is incredibly fun to do, and the RPG elements are strong. I can't recommend tthis game enough."
,Recommended,306130,33865615,Posted: 28 July,all,[VEV]Rushm4chin3,If u like Elder scrolls series then u will like it as well10/10
76561198102555085,Recommended,306130,33976290,Posted: 2 August,all,✪ Ramblelime,"One of the best MMOs i've ever played. Follows the elder scrolls format to a degree, but for those looking for skyrim with friends, you will be sorely dissapointed. But if you enjoy MMOs and the elder scrolls universe, this one is for you. Lots of fun with friends or solo. PVE content is very fun and PVP seems to be very well balanced and fun. Pick it up if you like ES and MMOs"
,Recommended,306130,19129772,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Shaggy Gaga,such a wonderful way how to waste some time
76561198121044944,Recommended,306130,17267416,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Kreyszig,The most awesome and addicting game i have ever played in my life.. Worth the price. Especially with Imperial edition
,Recommended,306130,17271520,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,• JustTheEagle,"Played it 1,5/2 hours and i like it, i never played any MMO (whilst enjoying it) if you told me its another game i would totally believe it..... im a huge elder scrolls fan but this doesnt feel like elder scrolls but its fun!I rate 7,5/10 and i will change it after i played it longer :)Its The Elder Scrolls Skyrim with guns without skyrim without guns ;P"
,Recommended,306130,17386527,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,CuddzBear,"(+) The sound/music is spectacular, the long wait time was undermined by the music that transported myself from my desk to a LOTR Shire feel.(-) Long download/wait time, I have really bad internet so it took 4 days to fully download the game (if u have good internet it won't be that bad). After I had installed it on steam it took another day to download the game patches which was delayed by a megaserver update.(-) Race to class variations, in Skyrim you had the option to be any race you want and specialize in any ""class"" you might want. For example, I could play as a Brenton (a magic type race) and be a full on tank. In this game the class to race variations are small and limited (also it only has 4 classes). That being said the races are also limited to the alliance which takes away the role playing feature of the series wer come to know.(+) Gameplay is unique to this MMORPG which is very fun and dynamic, most MMOs are like, ""GET 20 of these and ♥♥♥♥ up that monster"" (all MMO characters ever). This is kinda like that, but it has more dialoge and every task is different. For instance, one of the first available missions requires you to go find 3 crew memebers for a person who saved your life. You go around to them and they have something to do and say to you adding to the lore and immersiveness of the game.(-) Lore and immeriveness is sad compared to the previous installments. The thing we all loved about Skyrim was that we got to control the world around us. We could install mods to do things and it was you who was in control of the story. It feels like that in this game for 5 minutes, and then you seen the other people that are also doing the same quest.(+) Character Customizations, this is actually an improvement from the other games (maybe not the hair choices, but ehh, they're bad in all the games). Almost everything was taken over from Skyrim except the muscular-large-skinny body selector/soft-heroic-angular face selector. It adds more depth to the character which adds on to the immersion (even though there isn't as much as I'd have like to seen). It also adds the much needed height changer which I'd have loved in Skyrim.(/) Graphics were a moot point for me because it isn't anything compared to Skyrim, but compared to other MMOs *cough cough* WoW *cough cough* its amazing.(/) Atmosphere, the atmosphere is like the other games in the series, dark, but in an MMO that's not what I really want. It isn't a huge issue, but I don't love itSummary: The Tamerial Unlimited update helped a lot, but they branded this as a TES unfortunatelywhich is what I wanted. If this was single player it would be the greatest thing on the face of the earth. I would recommend this if you are a die hard of the series with 60 bucks to spend. Or if you love MMOs and have played this before. One more note: THIS IS NOT SKYRIM AT ALL! If you want a TES, don't waste your money and get the really amazing game: Skyrim. Another one more note, the reason I recommend this game is because with all its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ features its still generally fun.5.5/10"
76561198295610976,Recommended,306130,34117786,Posted: 8 August,all,Jettsouth,"Good game, But eventually it gets extremely repetitive. The quests will start to seem like same thing diffrent enemy.But otherwise its a game completely worth the experience, great graphics, amazing story, all around good game.And for that I give it a reccomendation."
,Recommended,306130,34207179,Posted: 12 August,all,CONrado DOMingo,351 Hours and Counting..
,Recommended,306130,32048280,Posted: 29 May,all,Thatshow,"It's an MMO with a Elder Scrolls skin, if you like MMO's and ES games you'll like this."
,Recommended,306130,34162554,Posted: 10 August,all,"Kein heile dich , schweinehund",My lovely Game  ♥♥♥♥ you!  i've ride 3 hour horse for stupid scout report .why the ♥♥♥♥ you have to make a map gigantic as ♥♥♥♥kk.
,Recommended,306130,33007184,Posted: 29 June,all,Delthre,"Pro:It is harder to get a grip on which mission you are on, new ones keep popping up as you go around; and ""oh I'll just do this one, easy mission before getting some work done"" turns into a 3-hour mission marathon before you know it.Con:It is harder to get a grip on which mission you are on, new ones keep popping up as you go around; and ""oh I'll just do this one, easy mission before getting some work done"" turns into a 3-hour mission marathon before you know it."
76561198196715029,Recommended,306130,32830665,Posted: 26 June,all,Sizzyy,"Ive had 17 + hours and this game is great, good graphics, lots of gameplay/quests and online pvp action, 100% would buy!!1"
76561198273208288,Recommended,306130,30629294,Posted: 19 March,all,Deleterious,Great game. Was sort of dissappointed about the feel of the graphics and effects and the look of the characters. The story was fine and the action and interaction between players is good. I give it a 4 star
76561198282592823,Recommended,306130,29973531,Posted: 16 February,all,NapalmHaze1986,Nearly past character creation and customization screen. A+ love this.
76561198195743993,Recommended,306130,34868529,Posted: 10 September,all,g8vbd1,"I love this game! I haven't purchased the MODS, but I still have hours of fun travelling round the country completing quests, and those I can not complete I go back to at a later date. I have the original Elder Scrolls, (Oblivion and Skyrim are the better ones) and I think that each has its own merits and I quite happily alternate between them.On a different note, I have always had a stuttery access to most games primarily because of the download speed is nearly zero where I live, but recently I could not even access the game.  I happened to touch my power cable that goes into my laptop and it was very hot, (tripped over the cable a few weeks ago!)  I changed chargers and could get into the game straight away, so maybe people should check their cables before complaining about the game access?"
,Recommended,306130,34874206,Posted: 10 September,all,ZonaHunterX,"Great game, tons of content. People say it's pay2win but that's bull. You can make characters from different classes to experience different playstyles. SImply amazing."
76561198209686173,Recommended,306130,17374042,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,PICKLE RICK,love it so much fun just well worth the 80 dollars
76561198109210925,Recommended,306130,17914060,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Lenqo,"This game is good once you get into the flow and style of it. If you go into it thinking you`re gonna power level until you reach max level then you will be dissapionted.  This is an Elder Scrolls game more than anything so just explore, learn the lore and do as many things as possible."
,Recommended,306130,29073721,Posted: 6 January,all,[MsM] 31 çeken sinek,This game just makes me want to play more
,Recommended,306130,29119443,Posted: 8 January,all,JyuChard,"Great lore, combat and gameplay.Have different races and their stereotypes.Have humor and dark stories and many more.I was one of the beta player that quitted long time ago. Then it happens, One Tamriel's freedom update have made me back and enjoy it again specially the lore and sidequest dillema/stories."
76561198348305623,Recommended,306130,29044536,Posted: 5 January,all,pannjames,"Great MMORPG!!As always with any of the elder scrolls games the story line is a delight to unfold.You can truly make your character as unique as you are from its appearance to its skills and abilities.The world is HUGE and extremely visually beautiful...there is so much to see and do, i've been playing for a week now and have only been to 2 lands...and have yet to even see the entirety of either.This is not nor was it intended to be a sequel to Skyrim, it is elder scrolls the MMORPG something else all its own and totally owning it!"
76561197979022846,Recommended,306130,17915632,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,HurpDurpington #InterracialSnugs,"The general chat constantly fills with debates over whether or not this game is too similar to other MMO's to be worth the time investment and that it either has a deceptively and brilliantly subtle sense of humor when addressing cannon or that it's a completely shallow boilerplate MMO engine with Skyrim skins, still capable of blowing anything Bethesda thinks they can homebrew in 2015 out of the water.Completely unrelated to this game: Bethesda, please stop trying to innovate your own engine. You don't know what you're doing."
,Recommended,306130,29042811,Posted: 5 January,all,Cheese,"In my personal review i give all the love too this game!If you are a fan of the elder scroll games and likes to play MMORPG games.I personaly strongly recomend this game.There is alot of things too do in it, Like if you love to craft and gather items to friends, guild mates or just want to trade for gold you surtantly will love it.I spend most of my time with crafting and gathering then dwell in the deepest dungeon to beat crap out of a boss, Ive yet fully expirence the end content group dungeons but for wat ive heard from fellow guild mates its prity epic and cant wait to get in too that soon.Pvp is used to not be my thing but wen i tried it out on ESO  i got so hooked up, its trully an warzone.The duels is fun too - dies alot - but fun!"
,Recommended,306130,17268039,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Prince,"The game is very fun, there are still a lot of people playing it, just make sure you look at as an MMO before and Elder Scrolls game, don't come into this game thinking it's gonna be a Skyrim Online, because it's not even close to that, over all the game is great, and i'm yet to meet an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in this game, over all 9/10."
,Recommended,306130,17933533,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,xbass the jungle don,"Is this a good game ,yes it is , is it better than skyrim , i would say yes, enjoying this  alot  ,i dont have too play warcraft anymore ,this is free for online, more up to date ,and ive come across some good people , its skyrim online , and the world is huge , if you see it on sale snap it  up !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198081448499,Recommended,306130,18731134,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,-Rogue-,"They did it again! Elderscrolls Online is one of my top games. The graphics are stunning, with the massive landscape of Tamriel! With intence pvp and large scale pve this game is a 10/10 would play!"
,Recommended,306130,29035917,Posted: 5 January,all,Effernel,Recommend
76561198183459802,Recommended,306130,17360503,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,curlypops,it keeps crashing when i start to play it
,Recommended,306130,17950130,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,african america,It's k.
,Recommended,306130,29159028,Posted: 10 January,all,Scott Melonball,The Ayleid king dies
76561198158121970,Recommended,306130,23259367,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,coondawg42,"This is a great game, and it's so big. The open world is so amazing and different that it never gets old. Combat and interaction is just like in all the other ES games, but I think it's better.The one downside is that, for me, it's very laggy. I don't know if this is a network problem but it does screw up some of the gameplay.Overall it's a great game that most ES fans will like."
76561198151601160,Recommended,306130,33908816,Posted: 30 July,all,Old_Soul_Ambro,"With 1000 hour played on PC, and don't even know how many on console, my hours alone should validate my review - even if it is just my opinion. There is hours and hours of single player content, and even more if you try the DLCs. I have been playing since release and this game has come a very long way and consistently improves.For the PVEers:I haven't attempted the veteran levels of trials, but have completed all veteran level dungeons, and still enjoy them. Like any PVE content, once you learn the mechanics and tricks of each area, it can become a bit repetitive. However, the studio continues to introduce new trials and dungeons as well as new storylines and quests that can keep you occupied for days.For the PVPers:This is where I spend most of my time and, again, the game has come a very long way in this respect. Although it is pretty much the same content, the bugs, balance, and even some of the lag have been addressed and continues to be. I really enjoy PvP and you don't have to have 'best-in-slot' gear to enjoy it (however, it does help). I would not suggest running solo, as it is really geared to large scale groups (i.e., 10-24+). My biggest gripe about PVP, it doesn't feel impactful. Sure you can get emperor and finish top 10, but none of which have to do with skill - just playing time. Battlegrounds are meh with every map looking almost identical.For beginners:My #1 recommendation, do the quests, learn the mechanics, learn you character and how it all works. Ask players in game, look on youtube and the forums for guides and build videos - there is a ton of content out there to help you through. It is not difficult or even that time consuming to reach 'end game', at least not in comparison to other MMORPGs I have played. There are guides and ways to do it in one day if you really want to push yourself.Overall, I can log in right now and do some PVE, PVP, quests, farm gear and/or materials, and even make some gold in the rich in-game economy. I can play for 30-minutes and be productive and play for hours and not feel like I wasted time. This has been since release and continues to be my go-to game.With that being said, the developers seem to ignore the community and are only interested in their next DLC for sale or next microtransaction to put in the Crown store. Heck, the ONLY and ENTIRE purpose of their housing system is one big microtransaction - there is no practical use for housing. This game is catered to the casual player and those with a credit card."
76561198118168992,Recommended,306130,33544484,Posted: 14 July,all,Amaryllis-Sage,I like it. It's fun.
,Recommended,306130,29883911,Posted: 12 February,all,GHO5T,Anyone else having issues with ESO after installation? I'm running Windows 10 Home and I turned off Windows Firewall because it was blocking it.
76561198080359476,Recommended,306130,17904200,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,(Rev) the flying fish,Great game! Huge time waster! So much to do and so many places to go its crazy!
76561198021802355,Recommended,306130,18718616,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,geoage,Really good world design with an amazing soundtrack and very enjoyable quests. I give it a 10/10
,Recommended,306130,17267059,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,XTemqtation,"One of the coolest RPG I have ever played and the best coop, the only thing good you ever need is internet hopefully your router/modem isnt a potato"
76561198039103290,Recommended,306130,17447578,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,camaro96rs69,It's ok.
76561198010942041,Recommended,306130,17505449,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Brianfromjapan,"This is a great game... Wasn't sure at first when it was new, but I see that the Devs haveput a lot of work into making this better.  I would recommend still payingthe 15  month since you get free ingame maoney that can be used to excile in the game.  One note for the Devs... please put better stuff in the store."
76561198085827442,Recommended,306130,17820450,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,jttheminecrafter,"The mecanics are cool but lag is common for me even if I have a semi decent computer and character progression is kind of repetitive considering the time you have to put to evolve your character, Would be nice if there was more pvp modes and something just doesn't feel right and wants me to not continue to play this game."
76561198014476176,Recommended,306130,17909152,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,tyschoco,"I initially completely stayed away from the game during its terrible original lauch. it had poor graphics back then and was painfully average for a game that required a subsciption. The game then had a 33% off offer and i decided hey, i would check it out. The game in its current state in my opinion is beautiful and has the atmosphere of the elder scrolls, While it is not skyrim. And thanks to the one time purchase. This game is worth its price and u will get hours out of this game no problem. Must buy for any rpg fan or elder scrolls fan :)"
76561198071116804,Recommended,306130,17945214,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,BOSCANAT?,(skyrim+online+auridon+shadowfen+deshaan+craglorn+stonefalls+daggerfall+alikr desert+other places)-(dragon+whiterun+aela+serana+heimskr)= ESO
,Recommended,306130,17953070,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Captain.Rex,I would definatly recommend this game to anyone who loves the elderscrolls series. it says i onlyy have 1 hour of play but steam cant launch my game for somereason and i launch it from the Zenimax launcher. So if you loved skyrim i would definatly buy this game. the faction system doesnt really matter unless its in PVP. but if it does but ur race is in another faction the explorers pack would be good for you but it will cost a little extra and the only bad thing is that crafting new types of armor will take a while
,Recommended,306130,17289477,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Kastlera,"Right now i got 12 hours of playtime, so far i been into dungeon, done decent number of quests, went in pvp and did explore world little :) At first i bought TESO as fan of The Elder Scrolls lore, but its actually a decent mmo.Pros:New battle system which i didnt met in other mmo's.PvP is more than just killing other people, there is goals and size of pvp area is huge.Even if you are playing alone, without friends, you still gonna recieve help from other players :)Big open world, seriously that map is huge and if in other games you might use fast travel, then here running your way on your feet is better, some of the views worth it.Evereywhere you go there will be quest, after which another one and they never end.Cons:Group loot system.Sometimes other players can be annoying.Boss mechanics sometimes broken and works sometimes in bad way, example: In first dungeon boss cast on you green laser which does alot of damage, as i found out you can ""escape"" his focus if you go outside of his sight, but still he kilsl trough walls sometimes.My opinion on this game. If you got money and you like TES lore, its totally worth its price."
76561198025199884,Recommended,306130,17328354,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Bomage Minimart,"Excellent all around, so far (with 42 hours played).  The movement/look around scheme is awkward as hell, but the game looks great and so far is a lot of fun.  Not sure how they made questing so cool when it's basically the same in every MMORPG, but ESOTU nailed it.  I've been having a blast solo questing.I inadvertantly got into the PvP zone and quickly had no freaking idea what was going on except in a vague sense.  I plan on returning after I hit 20 (tomorrow).So far this is one fan-freaking-tastic game.  I can't wait to figure out crafting, PvP, dungeons, raids, etc.  The game seems deep.  Reminds me more of old EverQuest than World of Warcraft, which is a VERY very good thing.Ten thumbs up from me!"
,Recommended,306130,17499476,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,timmythick,"A lot of the community is decent and the world definitely is large enough and has enough to do to keep you occupied for a while. As with most, if not all MMORPG's, you WILL be on a grind-fest. Whether that is to the level cap or for the max tier gear.There are however some slight bugs such as:- Areas failing to load- Quests objectives just stop (Re-Log fixes this)- Once I actually fell through the floor of a house. A Wayshrine teleport fixed this thoughDon't let those small things stop you. Now that you don't have to pay a subscription fee, you can feel free to play this game at your own leisurely pace."
76561198065677586,Recommended,306130,17668052,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Shizaak Ollie,"as of 8/22/15 whenever i open the game and log in it says sorry but the game has crashed, would you like to send a report.  game was fun while i could play it...."
76561198051423889,Recommended,306130,17950792,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Beandon Bologna,"I haven't played too much of this game but here is my honest review. I have thouroughly enjoyed this game so far and don't agree with many of the problems other players saw.the game is relatively easy to run considering i can run it on my craptop and I think that the gamepla yis pretty fun. The quests are interesting and fun but they are a bit grindy.The combat system is very customizeable, but I can see where it might get bland at times. If you are an average Joe looking for a game to play, this is it. If you're some diehard Elder Scrolls fan then maybe not because they expect so much but received only part of that. In summary, fun game but not extraordinary. 8.5/10"
76561198141570261,Recommended,306130,29018929,Posted: 4 January,all,JKILESPENCER,Amazing game i love this title alot A+++
76561198332006969,Recommended,306130,29028076,Posted: 4 January,all,kydyrewolf86,awesome!
,Recommended,306130,29036080,Posted: 5 January,all,DArkiller21,nice la
,Recommended,306130,29045453,Posted: 5 January,all,Cockroach,https://soundcloud.com/pouya-kevin/pouya-baby-bone-06-get-buck
,Recommended,306130,29087465,Posted: 7 January,all,Digri,donate game  :(
76561198318619003,Recommended,306130,29155653,Posted: 9 January,all,Boemroeke,Entirely possible to play as a single player experience.Great atmosphere and very immersive.
76561198267035386,Recommended,306130,30357294,Posted: 6 March,all,Doomprayer,Will always be a great freaking game. I am never bored.
,Recommended,306130,30355426,Posted: 6 March,all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"My Steam record is for some reason way off, as I've dropped well over two-hundred hours into tES:Online.This'll be a bit short and sweet. In terms of an MMO tES succeeds in some spots and fails in others. The community is more or less okay, but when it comes to the competitive areas, don't expect to find many people willing to play by the rules. Though they're not breaking any real rules, I've witnessed quite a number of exploits take place on all sides during competitive play. But this isn't often enough to really be a major problem. Otherise, on a technical side, this game runs a-okay. Not a single problem, though the updates are screwy which can lead to Steam downloading the game entirely again in a seperate file since the updates can only be downloaded through a seperate launcher which seems to conflict with Steam.Gameplay is fairly streamlined and doesn't play much like a typical Elder Scrolls game and runs closer to the vein of World of Warcraft or Guild Wars, but with similar mobility and movement to that of a tES game. The skill trees though are somewhat disapointing, as they're fairly limited, but do have some strong potential in being able to create ridiculously powerful characters. Overall, it's solid gameplay but leaves something to be desired. Just an itch you can't satisfy, but not one that becomes a major problem either.Can't say much more. It's pretty much a middle of the road MMO that you can play by yourself mostly. I had a pretty fair amount of fun between exploring, dungeon raiding with parties and taking part in the public events available in the world. Though I wouldn't say this is for everyone, as being an MMO it takes an immense amount of time just to get through a third of the world and requires the kind of dedication expected of an MMO. I had fun, but I can't say the same for everyone. But after awhile, the game feels more like a chore than a game."
,Recommended,306130,30328651,Posted: 4 March,all,alexanderfc,"Literally can't stop. I have to prise my hands off the keyboard.I am loving every minute of this game (bar those waiting for other players at world bosses). There is so much to do, I've already racked up over 100 hours and have it done 4 quests, and I have no intention of doing them until I learn how to craft items!Vast majority of the other players are very friendly, and seem more than willing to share our their wisdom to newbie players such as I."
,Recommended,306130,30342706,Posted: 5 March,all,ILuvHappyMeals,Great game if you like elder scrolls lore
76561198007294046,Recommended,306130,30328878,Posted: 4 March,all,C0urtland,I tried so hard to get a refund for this game - the first ten levels were way too easy. But after sticking it out I ended up having a lot of fun!
76561198063468570,Recommended,306130,30341988,Posted: 5 March,all,Scared89,"After 100 hours spent on this game, I can safely recommend it for a purchase. The combat is refreshing compared to the old school tab targetting of WoW. The graphics are some of the best you will find in an MMO style game. Questing is a blast as every NPC is fully voiced and the writing is quite good. Dungeons, while not as intricate as WoW, are still fun to blow through. ESO fully embraces Elder Scrolls' mantra of ""play as you want"" as all classes can fulfill any of the Trinity roles in PVE content. I will say this however, if you are going to buy this game you will eventually want to subscribe. I could not fathom playing this game without the bottomless crafting bag. Inventory space is at a premium and if you decide you like the gameplay and the game is worth your time, I recommend subbing."
76561198036263187,Recommended,306130,30348695,Posted: 5 March,all,Noyes Laboratory,"A lot of you are probably like me and heard about how bad this game was when it first came out.  A couple of months ago, however, I heard from some friends that the developers have been working hard on fixing a lot of the launch issues.  Then finally, ""One Tamriel"" update came out, and I thought I would finally give this game a shot.This game, in my opinion, is one of the best MMORPGs you can play in this day and age.  It effortlessly merges some of the best designs and elements of other popular MMORPGs together yet stands in a unique untouched area that sets it apart from anything else on the market.  Let me break it down.1) Exploration: 10/10This is, by far, the strongest point of this game to me, and it is my reason for why this game is unique.  With the One Tamriel update, this game now uses a fancy, balanced, yet intuitive level scaling system that is similar to Guild Wars 2.  The game now feels like a proper Elder Scrolls game (but a lot better in the level scaling than stuff like Oblivion).  You can go anywhere, do anything, and attempt any danger.  This both encourages exploration but also allows high level players to revisit old zones, help with their friends, or explore other starting zones.  All in all, this added tons of gameplay and strengthed the community.2) Combat/Classes/BuildsThe action combat in this game is a blend of Guild Wars 2, Tera, WoW, and Elder Scroll games.  It's flash at times, yet realistic in others.  It is both simple to learn yet complex to master.  While there are ""metabuilds"" each classes can adhere to, for 99.999% of the game, you do not need to follow cookie-cutter builds.  As long as you do your research and have a good understanding of the game, the flexibility and incredible arsenal of skills you can use to customize is truly incredible.  Any classes can be any builds, and there are diversity on top of that.  Even the way they incorprated the classic Tank-Healer-DPS is interesting, and all of that is further boosted by the interestingly designed dungeons, worldbosses, and events.3) Payment model, community, and othersYou pay the game once, and you do not have to pay for anything else.  The ESO-Plus subscription is nice to have, but it is not at all necessary.  All the stuff you can buy with real money are cosmetics, as they should be, and most of them can be aquired through in game currency.  Unlike games like Black Desert, you are still able to fully customize and create some very cool ""fashion"" outfits without paying a single cent after purchasing the game.With the One Tamriel update, the game has steered hard into friendly co-op mode, and you can see this in the community.  People are generally very kind to each other, and since there are no competition in exp or quests, players are often happy to see another running by.tl;dr-If you want a world worth exploring, diverse and flexible classes, incredible pvp (which I didn't get to touch on), and well designed group content, this game is for you.Especially considering how cheap the buy to play price is, this is a steal for anyone who like Elder Scroll games, MMORPGs, or even just exploration/immersive worlds."
,Recommended,306130,30328406,Posted: 4 March,all,Loiosh e'Drien,I've really enjoyed the gameplay and aside from a few server issues early on in my purchase haven't had an issue. Definitely recommend this to anyone interested in checking out Elder Scrolls Online.
76561198350486040,Recommended,306130,30358963,Posted: 6 March,all,BlackJesusIsHere,Great game to play solo or with friends. Beware this will take over your life haha. Not an easy game to shut off
76561198166271926,Recommended,306130,17018127,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,raventrev,Let's just say Awesome!
,Recommended,306130,17022866,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Zelow,"Pretty fun, I avoided it for a while because I heard about all the bad reviews. Then I heard there was some changes made to the game and I decided to watch some youtube videos of the game and see what it looked like. I ended up deciding to give it a try and I am loving it. I am not sure what was changed from the original game and this one, other then they removed the monthly sub for the game, but I am now trying to get all my other friends to play it with me lol. 9.5/10 I am replacing WoW with this game. OH AND I ALMOST FORGOT, THE COMBAT SYSTEM IS COMPLETELY AMAZING FOR AN MMO!!!"
,Recommended,306130,17070822,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Hiro Genjiro,"A totally yes from me .10/10 potential MMORPG* Dun take those negative review too serious as it was reviewed before Tamriel unlimited.*Dun judge the gameplay time as the time only counted when using steam to play this game.*Steam is only sell the keys, and u will redirect to the main official website to activate the game as everyone did.* in order to play the 3 alliance with different races, u should buy another dlc pack ""explorer pack""."
,Recommended,306130,18280088,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,yippaaaaa!?,"M8 this is badass, you gotta check it out, especially with friends to increase the badassity."
76561198125250165,Recommended,306130,21018046,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Burgererer,Just picked my faction. Ebonheart pack sounds cool.
76561198142832116,Recommended,306130,23710422,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,NightHex,"Game is pretty fun, especially compared to other MMO's that i've played. Would recommend to any fans of the MMO world."
,Recommended,306130,20524807,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,F1regiver,Better then expected.
76561198021496735,Recommended,306130,20904571,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Unrealistic,"Razum Dar. Games not bad. Everyone finds a reason to complain. Great MMO, Great grind heavy, fun to play with friends and very graphically pleasing. worth picking up especially on sale."
,Recommended,306130,24005599,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Fine,"It's alright, I've never really played an MMO before so I don't have a good baseline but getting to explore the parts of Tamriel we haven't seen in any main entry title yet (and not to mention revisiting the parts that we have) is pretty cool in its own right."
,Recommended,306130,18387562,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Rhif Wervl,"Currently got about 1000 hours under my belt currently and i think I'm about half way through the content? maybe a little more then half way. And with well worth-it new DLC's coming out it's just getting bigger.I can't recommend this game enough, it's just great in every way.Play on your own,or in groups of friends or strangers.Pros:SO MUCH CONTENT! its hard to get bored.New DLC's getting relied regularly wiht even more content!So many amor design you'll never look like someone else.Level your character as you with, want to be a healer and supporter? great!Want to be a bad♥♥♥♥♥don't-stand-in-my-way thug? go for it!Cons:a little repetitive sometimes, in that a lot of the quests are just the same quest with a different colouring.Makes you REALLY REALLY want to spend money on the awesome upgrades you can get with real money."
76561198137202846,Recommended,306130,20901832,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Spiro Agnew,BACK TO TAMRIEL
,Recommended,306130,18237944,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,OmNom,Awesome game! They acually let you play the game without having to pay by month. i can see some updates and patches coming up that they might do in the near future but hey thats what add-ons are for.I would have to give this game a 10/10
,Recommended,306130,18413713,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Argyr,"After Tamriel Unlimited, this game is amazing both singleplayer and multplayer, with a perfect mix of PvP and PvE.The only thing I hate are the people in the dominion."
,Recommended,306130,17082929,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Bacon Hair,fun as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,306130,20908237,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,HellsArmy,"RP is fun.Also, the game is incredibly laggy on good computers \o/"
76561197970931755,Recommended,306130,17069670,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,owl99,"Awesome RPG MMO, tons of content, amzing graphics, runs fast on my 4 year old imac which I dual boot.  Great pvp battles and siege warfare.You can group up or do a lot of solo stuff for PVE pretty impressive well rounded game."
76561198176872406,Recommended,306130,18391564,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,tsylvas16,"This game is amazing I love how its still kind of similar to the elder scrolls V skyrim and how massive the world is.Later I hope they add updates that add the rest of tamriel so you can go to whiterun,markarth,riverwood and all the other places from skyrim.But I truelly recommend this game. So have fun playing it!😀😀"
76561198274012563,Recommended,306130,20950762,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Wuddagi,"If you're willing to overlook all the bugs and other flaws ESO had at the beginning,you'll have a wonderful time immersing yourself in the RPG gold that is Elder Scrolls online: Tamriel Unlimited."
76561198193357162,Recommended,306130,21430075,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,emailmpn,Main quest ending a little poor but overall very good
,Recommended,306130,18393446,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,CyberTyto,"ESO is AWESOME. Don't get me wrong, there are a few things i would change, but the majority of the things i would change are lore and geographic things. for instance, the geography of tamriel is a bit different from the rest of the elder scrolls games, and not all the areas are accessable yet"
,Recommended,306130,31370831,Posted: 25 April,all,UnwantedMonk,"i generally dont like MMOs but i dont mind playing this. Great for an MMO, but pretty lacking compared to skyrim and oblivion."
,Recommended,306130,35099320,Posted: 21 September,all,Jack Ren,Pretty good game if you have people to play with
,Recommended,306130,35098425,Posted: 20 September,all,XOX,"A Wonderfull addition to MMORPG genre aswell as Elder Scrolls franchise. Game has tons of lore, friendly community, active playerbase, and is fun in general. I recommend getting gold edition as it offers some awesome DLC. Reccomended all the way.Few things I think should be worked on are Item management, some animatimation tweaks, and some dialogue options.ALso big + is that you are able to mod your game with addons, marking quests, map markers, et cetera.9/10"
,Recommended,306130,20242414,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Jenga,"Best MMO, btw... where do i register?"
,Recommended,306130,20179257,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JADERNIJ|ALKASHI,well game is kinda cool nice intro great graphics dont know what alot peeps are b...ing about:) well yess there is like buged dungeons had one where monster stuck in wall also still have no idea how to ride on mount so its lack of guides other ways  its wery exelent game unlike other mmos items seems not to be class locked you can wear anything you find skill three looks cool but propobly shuld have some advices for beginers nice character customizations :) wery recomend this game :)
76561198247643370,Recommended,306130,35213748,Posted: 25 September,all,dawildbear63,"So far it has been enjoyable, and yes many confusing issues, people seem to be nice, I don't really like the crowns thing but thats to be expected in most online games these days. some of the pricing is a  bit steep in my mind, 10 bank slots 1k gold and it gets more spindy from there etc."
76561198195017193,Recommended,306130,35205823,Posted: 25 September,all,Solbro,At first I was a bit skeptical of this game then i played it and it was a real fun experience especially with some friends I thought the game was empty but I was wrong its full of quest and dungeons and a lot of smaller ones and the PvP is a bit weird still but I was blown away the the visuals this game can be very beautiful and for this reason I would rate this game an up.
76561198144222581,Recommended,306130,35213502,Posted: 25 September,all,MadEagle,Great game! Would rate 8/10. Ignore the people that hate this game because its not skyrim.
76561197987772532,Recommended,306130,35204162,Posted: 25 September,all,sensej.pl,awesome
76561198325932927,Recommended,306130,33551188,Posted: 14 July,all,NotSoRajinCajun,Great
,Recommended,306130,33672741,Posted: 20 July,all,.theLEET #cyaCS,"Actually, this game is pretty good. I don't like mmos, but i like this game so much."
76561198217089583,Recommended,306130,29411294,Posted: 21 January,all,Cashel the Cashew,amazing
76561198140255435,Not Recommended,306130,21546650,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,❖Willem,"DDI version is any less than 11, it means that your graphics hardware does not support DirectX 11 and does not meet the game's minimum requirements. So now that they updated it i can not play the game but when i could it ran smooth. So now i have a game that costed me 50$ and i can not play it. :I"
,Not Recommended,306130,20430417,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Spaced_Out,"I said that this game was a good game if you have good internet and that bit is true, but I'm going to be speaking to people that have wifi like mine. If you have wifi that runs on a potato and a few wires DO NOT GET THIS GAME. It kicks me every ten minutes and I can hardly run when I am getting close to that ten minutes. If you still think you want this game, wait until it is on sale for around 20 dollars so you don't get completely booty r a p e d like I did."
,Not Recommended,306130,20358957,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Crayon Rehab Center,"Kinda like a F2P, only you pay 60 dollars first."
76561198097908007,Not Recommended,306130,24348254,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Lach Key,I bought this game a couple months ago. This 60 or so hours I have is not gameplay what so ever. In chronological order this is how my experience has been.- Bought game.- Took a couple days to install (60 Gbs) due to awful internet.- After waiting ages it was installed but then I had to patch it which took another day or so.- When it was finally installed and ready to go it crashed everytime I attempted to launch it and       this isn't due to a low end pc.- I gave up and left it for a couple months.- I came back and had to do another massive patch wich was most likely a bunch of     unnecessary files.- After a couple days it was done so I launched the game successfully.- Created an account.- Attempted to logon wich a message announcing that my account did not exist.- Checked website account indeed exists.And there you have it that has been my experience not sure if I'll get it working anytime soon but that chances are that the game will be a let down anyway don't know why I bother to be completely honest.
76561198080237046,Not Recommended,306130,20584062,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Call me handsome,0/10 almalexia lost all the swag she had in morrowinglet s make a petition so almalexia can be ugly again
,Not Recommended,306130,20291140,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,reyhan rafkhov,"morrowind upgrade is overpriced and class behind pay wall?? what next??? weapon and armor behind pay wall? or active skill behind pay wall???? this game become p2w game.,,,,pay to win game"
,Not Recommended,306130,20643111,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,PERSIA,"Stop banning more iranian people! The Sanctions are removed, you have no rights to do it anymore and i suggest that you unbann poeple who are banned due to this act."
76561198043720120,Recommended,306130,21255099,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Anal Acrobat,"MMOs are the devil, probably."
76561198085706613,Recommended,306130,19604755,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,RwD HaRRis 92,broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ cant even log in to play the thing! TERRIBLE.
,Recommended,306130,19606389,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,LOWDE,"I LIKE THIS GAME THO I HAVE LOTS OF HOURS I DIDNT PLAY A SINGLE ONE, BECAUSE OF ♥♥♥♥ING ERROR 11, GAME DEVS GET ON IT. AND REPAIRING IT TAKES ABOUT 2 DAYS. I WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME SO BAD BUT THE STUPID ♥♥♥♥IN ERROR 11 WONT LET ME!"
,Recommended,306130,21190525,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Kyle Miller,how do i catch pokemon?
,Recommended,306130,19611089,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Rich,"Much better now that the major glitches are fixed. If you want to play solo you can and when♥♥♥♥♥♥gets rough there's always some other guy there to team up with you.Only issue is the ♥♥♥♥ing neckbeard roleplay guys, Jesus Christ furries, we get it no one wants to ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Recommended,306130,35145117,Posted: 22 September,all,Ye Olde Hardscoper,Please help... I can't stop playing!It's beginning to affect my social life.
,Recommended,306130,31247639,Posted: 19 April,all,Kageprod,"So far, so good.It's got great atmosphere, fun combat (if a little annoying at some points), beautiful scenery, and a pretty decent soundtrack. I haven't played enough of the storyline to know if I like it or not, but it's definitely not bad.My favorite moment so far is walking into the tavern in Davon's Watch. I was completely caught off guard when I heard the bard inside start playing music and an old woman ordering the bartender to fetch her more shein. For some reason, I had the urge to just sit myself down and listen to the music while kicking back a few mugs of ale. It was great. I felt like I was playing an Elder Scrolls game and not just an MMO with the lore of the Elder Scrolls series.I also like the fact that they brought back multiple armor pieces (pauldrons, belts, gloves, pants, etc.) It's nice having a lot of customizability with the way you look. The skill trees don't offer too much choice in comparison to an Elder Scrolls main title, but I wouldn't say that this is entirely a bad thing. This game is still leagues better than something like DDO, LOTRO, and maybe even WoW. I would even go as far as to say that it is better than Oblivion (In some ways, notably the world design).Just my opinion, but I'm loving my experience right now. I'm glad I picked it up while it was on sale."
76561198085345158,Recommended,306130,26715946,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,I Respect Women,i like this game a lot kappa
,Recommended,306130,25989743,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,chrisbro3,ye its alright.
,Recommended,306130,29327909,Posted: 17 January,all,chad_the_impaler,I've played many MMO's and this is the only one in a long while to actually capture my attention. Super fun combat and specializations + rich Elder Scrolls lore.
76561198253141217,Recommended,306130,35399482,Posted: 1 October,all,hunn1k,its like a big fat fairytale book where u wield ur own venture...great stuff(Y)
76561198084853139,Recommended,306130,28104584,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ratelman,"Truly an amazing game. Great story, amazing content, real value for money. Planning on spending hundreds of hours in Tamriel in the months to come."
76561198231748044,Recommended,306130,30055391,Posted: 20 February,all,TomNeganMan,k
76561198004276876,Not Recommended,306130,33300344,Posted: 5 July,all,couchpotato132,"PerformanceWas fun at first, though servers aren't always reliable.Graphics can be nice if your computer can handle them.GameplayAs far as playing an MMO, it's nice to get away from the traditional ""go here and kill x"" or ""gather x"" styled quests. Voice acting everyone was a nice touch too. For me, gameplay still became stale after a while even, I've never been much of an MMO player so that's more of a personal problem. Character progression is nice, and there are many skill trees and professions to train. Speaking of professions, the best way to level them up is by deconstruction which makes zero sense. Don't have a production skill be based around deconstruction.The game keeps the Elder Scrolls feel throughout; which is wonderful.MicrotransactionsThe fact the crown store is the only way to get cool mounts is very annoying. Microtransactions themselves are very annoying. They did it well by only having mostly cosmetics and pets in the crown store like most MMO's, the thing I do not like is the fact they try and push people towards in-store bag upgrades instead of having storage in player-owned homes. I feel like they are hindering their game by doing this."
76561198077353210,Recommended,306130,18689616,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Muscle *Milk,besht game 2027 bishez
,Recommended,306130,28105122,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hakaan256,"If you first looked at this game when it was first released or it's been a long time, consider taking another look at it. A lot has been added since launch and it could be worth reconsidering.Reasons I like this game:- Large open world- Good MMO experience- No longer requires a subscription- Huge amounts of content (I've played for over 100 hours and still feel like I'm just beginning)- Fun with friends to do dungeons and quests together- Many interesting and fairly balanced mechanics and abilities- Addons bring many QoL fixes and changes to the UI and simplify micromanagement, with fairly easy installment (though difficult to transfer settings between characters)- Many options and keybinds with support for up to 5 keys per bind.Reasons I dislike this game:- Poor performance. Even on an i7-4790k and GTX 970 I get horrendous (like sometimes down to 20ish) framerate drops in crowded areas and even when I'm in a solo instance where performance is better, framerate is hard capped at 100.- Vanilla game feels lacking in graphics and UI. After playing with ReShade, the game without it just looks so bland and washed out. The UI (especially in guild stores) can be cumbersome and requires addons to have the capabilities one would expect (e.g. a search function).- Many money-grabs in the form of timesavers, cosmetics, DLC, and extra account bonuses.- Many real-world timers, e.g. daily dungeons, daily horse upgrades, research timers, daily crafting writs- FOV goes up to ""130"" but feels about like 80, with the only way to increase it further being an extra game launcher (hook64)- Requires a third-party launcher that complicates playing through Steam and using custom launchers like hook64- Long load times- Large install size (~65GB)- Cannot activate a Steam version if you bought the standalone gameAll in all, most negatives can be mitigated through the use of addons and extra programs, but your mileage may vary and the game becomes less stable by doing so.  However, a lot of these should be simple fixes for ZOS to implement in the vanilla game. That said, the positives do outweigh the negatives and when everything works, it's a very engaging and rewarding game to play that will satisfy you for hundreds of hours."
,Recommended,306130,31143555,Posted: 14 April,all,Awfulwaffle,I love this game.  It's hours of entertainment and beautiful scenery.
,Recommended,306130,32642670,Posted: 22 June,all,NoodleCat,"Fun, Nice community, Good for both PvE and PvP, Interesting storyline, a bit repetative at times but it is an mmo so that was expected."
,Recommended,306130,20205572,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tharos infinitum,"I haven't played many MMORPGs, but this is definitely my favorite so far. I haven't played nearly as much as others more qualified to review the game, but it's been a great experience so far."
,Recommended,306130,32353638,Posted: 11 June,all,Dizis,"Played a little bit...( I know, this joke has been overused so many times, but I finally got a chance to do it myself)It has it's flaws, but a great game nonetheless.I have tried out the closed BETA and own the game since 2015. Elder Scrolls Online has come a long way by dropping the paid subscription fee and especially by introducing the free One Tamriel update/overhaul.If you ever decide to get a piece of DLC, I highly recommend picking up Orsinium. It has story content as lenghty as the Morrowind expansion/chapter itself.P.S.If you want to know more about the game or have any additions to my review, feel free to comment :)"
,Not Recommended,306130,21415386,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Spedunkle,The support staff are ruining this game experience.
,Recommended,306130,31062730,Posted: 10 April,all,VanikiL,"Its a good game, get it."
,Recommended,306130,31065861,Posted: 10 April,all,Mike Green,Love this game. Played on PS4 to ~LVL40 and now I'm about to hit 50 on PC. It's basically a better version of WoW. Every part of it is better. The server is densely populated and there is a TON of stuff to do. If you subscribe you get a bottomless resource bag which is epic for crafters(me). Do recommend!
76561198051557865,Recommended,306130,32578012,Posted: 19 June,all,Kraul,Love It!
76561198213741804,Not Recommended,306130,34810702,Posted: 8 September,all,AlterEgo,"very very hard to log in the game, waste money !!"
76561198272319126,Recommended,306130,24236740,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,PuReVapor21,this game is good very hard to get on they take forever to write back for support and never email the verification code for accounts other wise gameplay is not like most elder scrolls and buggy sometimes when one tamirel comes out it will feel alot better i give it a 7/10
76561198022377661,Not Recommended,306130,27137168,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Subiectus,"Fanboys are going to kill me, but I'm still going to say it: This is the best game in whole series. BETA was terrible, but now it has same feeling as the other games. I think this game could work as a singleplayer too. You can go where every you like and do quests in any order. Quests scales with your level, so level doesn't matter really. And the best part is that now It's actually challenging. Now you can't load from the save everytime when you fail with pick pocketing or lockpicking. The one and only minus: you can't climb up mountains with your horse like in Skyrim.EDIT: Steam version of this game deletes itself occasionally."
76561197969734429,Not Recommended,306130,33586318,Posted: 16 July,all,SolarWarden,"Lots of PC connection issues. I get disconnected after an hour or so of gameplay everytime. I tried several different 'fixes', but to no avail. I asked for a refund but was told I played more than 2 hours, so I wasn't entitled to a refund. How am I supposed to try to fix my disconnect issue without retrying new things. I've spent hours trying to fix this issue. Total BS. Now this game won't even connect to the server, Steam authentication error. Reinstalled and still doesn't work. Other games work fine."
76561197966932725,Recommended,306130,28389224,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Al_CaPWNED,A decent game.JO > ESO > MMO
,Recommended,306130,32913778,Posted: 27 June,all,whiskycat,"If you look at it as another single player campaign, it can  be okay. The combat system is very boring however."
76561198249736186,Not Recommended,306130,31223702,Posted: 18 April,all,♥ h4rl3y qu1nn | Sasha ♥,"Its an OK game.. a lot different from the others, which is a little wierd.. i dont love playing it, but i play it occasionaly."
76561198060648879,Recommended,306130,35490808,Posted: 5 October,all,hayseddy,"I have played WOW to D&D to Chinese MMORPG to JAP MMORPG to Neverwind and ect but I am going to be 100% honest out of all those games the first 100 hrs of this game was absalutly better than the rest i enjoyed every hr of this game taken over 300 screen shots and counting and had way more fun than the other MMORPG I have played sure this is not the largest MMORPG I have every played but the game play it self is way better I love the FIRST PERSON MODE and even tho 50-100 man boss raids in Chinese and Jap MMORPG are awesome and is a thing that is needed in ESO but the 4 player raids are more challenging and intense I sure loved 100 man raids in CHINESE AND JAP MMORPG and if ESO does that I would give even more praise this game is a good MMORPG note people this is not skyrim this is BETHESDA trying to get into the large MMORPG market trying to compete against WOW and other MMORPG so do not come in with hopes of SKYRIM online no guys PLEASE ITS A MMORPG SET IN TAMRIEL not a RPG , MMORPG AND RPG IS VERY VERY VERY DIFFERENT"
,Recommended,306130,26790425,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dawdlingknight,YES
,Recommended,306130,26791869,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Damir,Wow. Just wow.
,Recommended,306130,26795709,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kaczka,ZAJEBISTA GIERA
,Recommended,306130,26791421,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,♠NoOne♠,"Loving the game ,best game ever"
,Not Recommended,306130,28139993,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,RudestBuddhist,"I played this game nearly every day for 7 months. I had a great time and enjoyed the fast paced combat and content. After the Morrowind patch, they changed resource management and my dps tanked. The game now consists of holding the left mouse button down because you will have no sustain. I don't find this fun at all and have stopped playing.Here's my original review:I used to play this on console over a year ago. I had fun with the game, but I found the interface to be too clunky and trying to navigate the Guild Stores was a chore.I ended up purchasing this during the Autumn Sale, and I'm glad I did.Not only is the new update fantastic, but having the ability to install Addons is a game changer. I'm having to start over, which sucks, but it's worth it for how fun this game is.I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,306130,20194443,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,็,bg been there done that
76561197996645532,Not Recommended,306130,33564837,Posted: 15 July,all,Maev,The most terrible installer ever in existance.... This game really expect people to have 170GB !! free space on hard drive.
76561198007192398,Not Recommended,306130,11402268,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,The Alfer,"I'll be concise as there are already lots of posts detailingit:Purchased this game at 40% discount, didnt come with 30days free so had to fork out an extra €13. you cant use it through steam, you have to register on a separate account.Nothing new. just your typical MMO.Would be ok as a free to play game, definitey not worth the bucks it costs"
76561198135460230,Not Recommended,306130,11760840,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,RCURBOW,Ive downloaded this game 4 different times and it has yet been able to launch. Ive done everything everyone has said on the net to get it to work and nothing has worked. Highly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and want my money back.
,Recommended,306130,11552207,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Kedtealeaf,"This is a single player game, geared towards multiplayer content. If you play this game looking for Skyrim you will be disappointed. Don't let that turn you away though. This game is great! The ability to combine skills, abilities, and design your own character is equal among any other MMO. Although it may not be as free to create as some single player Elder Scrolls games, that doesn't mean it is not ten times less limiting than other MMOs out there. This game is very persistent towards the idea of single player, but that is a good thing. It has just enough classic elder scrolls, and just the hint of multiplayer we all hoped for. I love this game."
76561198006366667,Not Recommended,306130,11571104,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Boki,"This game is not going to be for everyone, I tried it and I dint like it. I just couldn't get sucked into the world because...well it's just so damn boring after a while. The story is good don't get me wrong but the gameplay is jut bland. You're pretty much just adventuring doing mini quest if your not on the main quest and it's hella boring. If you're thinking stealth and exploration like the non mmo elder scrolls games or facry or something then your wrong. It's insanely boring and you really need other people/friends to play with to make it enjoyable. The class system is decent but it still sucks imo but what can you do. You have your mage (dont remember), warrior/dps (dragonknight), tank/healer (paladin), and hunter/rogue (nightblade). The thing is though you can turn any of them into other classes you just won't be as baddass as say a mage would be if you did go mage. Like for example, if you chose to go staves with a rogue, use light armor and use his skill tree of magic, well, you can do it but I don't know if it's viable to play like that. I'm not sure about the higher levels since I got to about lvl 10 so maybe other experienced players might see it different late game but from what I saw everyone was the same when it came to gear and skills despite the many options of playing the character. I'll break it down better if you cant understand. You can pick any of the classes I mentioned above, wear any armor and weild any weapon. You have 3 skill trees for your specific class, you have weapon skills and armor skills that are the same no matter what class you pick and your skills increase as you use your equipped weapons/armor or if you have weapon skills or class skills equipped on your hot key bar...which is only about 5 keys. You have to put points into crafting if you want to lvl them up so if you have to make that decision of putting points in your armor style or weapon style vs. crafting/gathering you'd most likely pick skills that keep you alive and give you damage early game...There are plenty of MMO's out there and for this being a pay to play it's just not that impressive to me but maybe it is for you, who knows, T&P (taste and preference) right. Straight to the point, I wouldn't recoment this game to any of my friends and if I had to give it a score it would be a 6/10 for me."
76561197970418947,Not Recommended,306130,24035400,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Vorpal,"Horrible developer. This game has so much promise, but Zenimax is destroying it. Here is a tech support response to a game crashing and being unplayable:""Greetings!We apologize that we have taken so long to get back to you in regards to your technical issue. Due to high ticket volumes, we will be unable to assist you further with this ticket. We understand this may be frustrating, and we are disappointed that we are unable to deliver a Customer Service experience that is up to our desired standards.""Steam won't refund after 2 hours of play, so if you've made it through character select you're screwed. I got screwed by the 6/19 patch, broke the game for many of us. DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,306130,11782044,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,YourDad,0/10
,Recommended,306130,23037092,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Drginix,"Now that I have played world of warcraft, I have many things to change about this review.Pros:-Features of previous elder scrolls games brought into this MMO(stealing,first person etc.)-Great voice actingCons:-Only mount is horse mount, cmon Zenimax, if you want to copy WoW at least add in some fancy rare mounts.-Little content, other than questing, it's just small daily dungeons, no raids or anything.-PvP is crap, it is basically an open world pvp where there's little to no point in it.-10 races, 4 classes??? What the ♥♥♥♥. At least make more classes, Wow has 13 playable races and 12 classes to choose from, each diverging to 3-4 specs. ESO players, come transfer to WoWThe amount of players from one faction in any server in wow has more active players than ESO has ever had with both 2 megaservers combined.Won't change my review to not recommended just beacuse I have many ratings on my current review lul."
76561198094840200,Not Recommended,306130,11369497,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,destined_death,pay to play after i buy the game wtf
76561198049500698,Recommended,306130,12464125,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,rjsimon73,I played WOW for eight years and just starting plaing ESO. In my opinion this game has everything WoW is missing. I love it.
,Not Recommended,306130,12288359,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Kip Cozy,I would be happy to pay 9 quid a month if it was Skyrim online. But its not. Im not happy about how slow the game takes to actually enjoy. Shoud be Free to play !!
76561198095525584,Recommended,306130,12175989,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,HpBoii,"If you are expecting this game to be or play like your typical Elder Scrolls game (Morrowind, Oblivion or Skyrim), then this is NOT the game for you!...ESO looks like an MMO, and it plays like an MMO. Why? Because it is an MMO! But it does have RPG elements in it.The combat is very arcadish, like your typical MMO, but it's great. Whether you swing a Sword, fire an arrow with your bow or cast a spell from your Stave, the combat never gets boring. I can't comment on mounted combat because I don't use a mount. Although I probably should.There are four classes within ESO. Dragon Knight, Sorcerer, Knightblade and Templar. All of which are similar yet distinct from each other. There skills and abilities are different, but they all use magic to some degree.The graphics, for an MMO look gorgeous, and I personally love the art style Zennimax has chosen.The story isn't exactly original, but it is good none the less, a little cliche though... ""Molag Bal, Daedric Prince of domination and enslavement, weaken the barrier between worlds, threatening to merge Nirn and Oblivion into a single, nightmarish hellscape"".ESO has the lore you'd expect from an Elder Scrolls game, along with the Races, Weapons, Armor, Characters, Locations and quest types... The crafting system is pretty in depth. The leveling and skill system also works well... And the voice acting is great, but there isn't a huge variety between voices. But can you imagine casting for that many NPC's?There is loads to do in ESO. Plenty of side quest from NPC's you'll encounter along your travels. Factions and Guilds to join, which of course have their own story to tell. Plenty of locations to discover, and puzzles to piece together... And then there is alway PVP, which is nice, but it isn't exaclty my fortei.All in all, ESO is great. It is well worth subscription fee. When you purchase the game you recieve a 30 day trial, before your subscription starts. But of course you don't get the money back for the game. So it's a gamble, but one I recommend taking."
76561198232813472,Not Recommended,306130,33894686,Posted: 29 July,all,patdaddy1993nlh,"so i go to recover my account and it says my email is invalid... so when i try to make a new account it says my email is in use .... most assbackwards process ever... customer support is dead , the phone number is dead and the help online just loops me back to trying to account recover and it says my email is invalid, dumbest process ever ... goiing to find a different game"
76561198085291750,Recommended,306130,11604000,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Father Guido,Been playing for 2 weeks now and I love it so far.  Plenty to do and tons of customization for your characters.  I've played all the Elder Scrolls games and so far I've not been dissapointed by this one...
76561198044754362,Recommended,306130,11477571,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Dannis the Mannis,"All I can say is try it out. Myself and my two friends are really enjoying it and have completely abandoned games like WOW, Guild Wars 2 and TOR in favour of it."
76561198137559360,Recommended,306130,11760465,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Dead2,this would be a better game if there was not a fee but i know u have to pay the staff so great job
,Recommended,306130,12333391,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Vallon,"Having logged some hours on ESO and only reaching about lv25, I have no idea why many people hate this game."
,Recommended,306130,11714805,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Always Sometimes Futaba,Great Game... Feels even better playing with people online
,Not Recommended,306130,29917821,Posted: 14 February,all,LeakyAbstraction,"I only bought the game because I heard about the upcoming Morrowind expansion, and I was a huge Morriwind fan. I’m not ready to shell out 40 EUR for an expansion that doesn’t actually exist yet, but I wanted to familiarize myself with the base game in the meanwhile.Like many other players, I had some extremely disappointing and annoying experience with the launcher: it simply stopped after “preparing to install”, without any error message. I had to spend half of my day just to get the game run, which I find completely unacceptable from a big company like Bethesda/Zenimax. (Hint: Starting my system in safe mode with networking did the trick; the launcher was able to proceed.)Now on to the actual gameplay experience: As a new player, I found the graphics and the atmosphere truly amazing; almost every area I visited so far feels like a piece of art. The voice acting, the sounds, the particles and basically everything else feels polished and well designed. I never had the same feeling in e.g. WOW.The progression and the adventuring feels a bit boring for me personally though: it seems that there is nothing really interesting to find in the world, it feels very repetitive and completely predictable after only a few hours of playing. I was also unimpressed with the skill tree, it simply seems boring and oversimplified.Concerning the homestead update and the new home ownership: I was actually quite excited first to get my free apartment, only to find out that you can’t use ANY storage items in your home; you can’t put down e.g. a chest to store your stuff. Really boggles my mind… I can’t see any point in having a home without this feature, but maybe just because I’m such a hoarder.I really missed the economy in the game… Maybe I’m just clueless how to use it, but I didn’t see any auction house or exchange, only some guild stores which seemed limited and completely uninteresting. In an MMO I’d expect to be able to easily sell and buy items to/from other players. Also, when it comes to buying items from NPC stores… for some reason all NPC traders I found seemed to have the same pointless crap for sale, and everything was grossly overpriced: items with real value of 5 or 10 was selling for 100 or 200 golds, I have no idea why. I didn’t buy a single item during my playtime.So overall, I find this game very pretty and enchanting, and I’d want to say good things about it, but to be honest I feel like wasting my time whenever I actually play it. I started to write this review wanting to recommend it, but I had to realize that I can’t actually do that with a clear conscience.To be fair, I’m more into space games and building/survival games generally, so maybe this is why it feels too static for me. So, for players used to complex indie games, or for players who want to hoard and trade… I probably wouldn’t recommend ESO."
,Recommended,306130,11563820,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Zelha,"Alot of people do not like this game, Well i love this game to be honest with you all, Its fun and its somthing new. now some people try it and stop before they even hit lvl 10, i recomened going until lvl 15, finish the first area, PvP, and do dungeons, if you still dont like it then its fine, but give this game a chance."
76561198104036352,Not Recommended,306130,26665662,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,jetqblue,"While I've spent many hours playing ESO, when it comes to playing against other players it is no fun. I'm not talking about winning in combat, I'm talking about the shear difference in survivability I see among many players. Either many players down right cheat and get away with it or many people are using exploits.For instance, one a controller I can execute a skill about once a second, maybe slightly faster. This is do to the delay forced between skills and the like. I use animation canceling but not 100%, this lets me get a bit more dps. My attackes usually hit for 1-3K, but at most 5K(for skills). They hit for 300-1000 if the enemy player is blocking. OK... but when I go up against another player, immediately I'm hit with attacks that do 4-12K, and my 25K worth of health is widdled down quicker than I have time to execute 2 skills. It's a complete wash... so I stealth everywhere just so I can do something, without dying so fast. Some player walk around like their in GOD MODE, taking on groups of 10-15 and even taking them down. It kind of feels like you're a fly and some players just swat you down in order to get at another player that using some cheat/exploit.I really thing ESO needs to eliminate the exploits, eliminate holes that allow players to execute 6 skills almost instantly, catch a permanantly bane every player the uses scripts or controller exploits. It's rediculous. I can tell when I'm playing against a legitamate player, even if I die and I can tell when I'm playing against a cheater and you'll run into those more than 50% of the time. Heck, a lot of players need to win. Oh, and I've maxed out certain builds and that is not the answer, to many cheaters, and they should all get banned.Besides PVP, the game is fun but very long, and because it's long the variety dwindles quickly and you don't even complete much before you get bored. ESO is dead to me now. So long. Whatever you do, don't sign up. If you play just get the man game and stop after that."
76561197972662729,Recommended,306130,12449413,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,kylraven,"Steam is ok and i never have any problems. in fact i got the imperial edition for 40 bucks when it went on special..of course this isnt Dragonborn or Morrowind, but those games were diffrent also..new iterations bring new ways to perceive..u become part of the new environment or you are just an observer, judging evrything against the past..bah..pick up your blades, find a friend and go questing..this isnt WoW or EQ where groups are required ..you can solo which suits me just fine..sometimes groups just blow thru and never even stop to ""smell the roses"" much less listen to whatever content the developer put in place..have you found your  Zen moment yet? i have ..many times"
76561198064270537,Not Recommended,306130,23357471,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Nightmare Moon,"One of worst support help existing, pay to have something, otherwise farm 100+ hours to get enough money for just 1 crafting style, everything what is nice looking is from shop or from paid DLC areas, yes, there are DLC areas like center of Cyrodil. PvP arena is buggy and many times crashes or just brings fps down. Just don't support these greedy..., well, on steam not possible to swear, just don't but if being rich and spending hunderets after buying game for DLC's and shop then thy choice.EDIT:Since that's old and slightly enraged review, will just clarify our point with some changes.First, there is no pay2win... (except best weapons goes from DLC arena, areas and dungeons heh, not realy)Second, performance suck, before one tamriel that was hard to survive in big cities, now that's almost impossible witha ll those ppl arround bosses, anchors and cities are 2 times more crowded bcs we see everyone. It connects friends?, it rather disconnects everyone, literaly. Cyrodiil over lvl 50 became cancer with sets and even without sets, the lag is so huge after that update that never gonna touch pvp again and pvp-ing on lvls 1-50 is pointless since armor now does not scale properly bcs of those stars in Cyro, stats just goes down, make Julianos and other and 2-3 lvls later 1/3 of stats are gone.Third, all nice stuff is for crowns, but whatever!, want to buy the best looking motif in game? sure, go for it, sell it to ppl... who will ever buy it anyway if players can't make BiS armor with it and players can't change motifs of droped items, walking in ugly race armors is so mind blowing, all time running in dress on every character or with Seducer costume bcs can't make nice looking armor with stats that will suit our playstyle, the only usefull sets are made in DLC areas so need to buy from someone or make TBS which is for 9 researches, doing 9 researches takes forever and even after, player better go mostly with just sets droped in the wild.Fourth, economy is destroyed after one tamriel, everyone can get everything (not that crying over finally getting ancestors silk and rubedite ore everywhere not like before ONLY for pay2wins in DLC areas).Fifth, anyone was ever tired of being in the club of Prosperous, Well-Fitted and Trained?, bcs after 2 months still didn't drop divine gloves from sewers... and can't even buy those things bcs they are bound on pick up!, also they added more sets to Undaunted chests which gives..., depending on chest even less chance on getting what player want, divine nightflame shoulder? good luck with that, being stuck with infused for ethernity (not that infused is bad, but divine is better in small parts). Also drops are set for 50% to be trained, well-fitted and prosperous, another 30% to be sturdy and reinforced, then 15% impenetrable and last 5% are infused and divine.EDIT: Sixth, another ♥♥♥♥♥♥, expensive dlc, didn't buy game to play nothing, guess will never come back to this garbage, may the servers of zenimax fry and make them go bankrut."
,Recommended,306130,14941947,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,mattmustang,"Great Elder Scrolls themed MMO. They finnaly got rid of the subsciption fee which is great, but DO NOT BUY ON STEAM!!!! IF YOU WANT THIS GAME, GO ON THE ESO WEBSITE AND BUY IT FROM THERE. The steam version is very glitchy and it may not work with your account."
76561197967126675,Not Recommended,306130,34781940,Posted: 6 September,all,skslater,"Steam says 85GB disk space required, what they don't tell you is that this is on top of the 65GB space to download it, plus the Steam version is massively out of date and so needs another huge download to bring it up to date after install.My advice, skip Steam and download it directly from the ESO web site."
76561198079780782,Recommended,306130,19858014,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Happy,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fuk this shet i bought it yesterday and now is on sale for 39.99 *blows head off*
,Recommended,306130,11650525,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Herr Doctor,"Amazing! A must try for all Elder Scroll fans!The game features 3 factions in this MMO-take on the Elder Scrolls saga, with all the classic races and 4 classes to choose from, there are nearly endless possibilities of customazation of your character.The dungeon systems are nice and beautiiful and the quests are well written, the PvP aspect of the game is still not as big as I would have hoped, but its the whole of Cyrodill (as seen in Oblivion) as one huge PvP field with seige combat, towers and castles to conqure, and quests aswell. The game still needs a arena part for PvP, but it will hopefully be implanted later on.The recent justice-system update have really given the game a nice touch as you can now trespass, pickpocket and steal all you like or murder an intire city (as long as you either pay the price for your mayham or prepare to take on the city guards).I'v already had a LOT of fun with some buddies of mine, just leveling, running around as werewolfs (yes there are werewolfs and vampires) and just doing dungeons and delves, and enjoying the game with no stress.Really recommendable and a fresh new view on the whole MMO-genre :)10/10"
76561198087214439,Recommended,306130,12214342,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,justin,Awesome addition to The Elder Scrolls franchise. The Lore is a huge part of what makes this franchise so great. And this game delivers. The characters and world is so immersive and it was finally nice to visit the places I have read about in the previous games. My only complaint is I can't seem to get into the MMO aspect. This was my first MMO and maybe my last. There is so much to learn while playing it kind of takes away from the experiance typically offered in an Elder Scrolls game. I recommend this game to a wide variety of people. If you like MMo's this game delivers. If you want more from The Elder Scrolls this game delivers. But if you aren't into MMo's than you are SOL. This isn't Skyrim or Oblivion so don't go into it expecting that. It is unfortunate but the MMO aspect really does fit TES so I can't blame them for developing it that way.
76561197975553094,Recommended,306130,11800359,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Ultanemesis,"Honestly, the game is not as bad as reviewers/people say it is. It is not worth $60 or $15 a month, but it is definitely worth getting into. The gameplay feels and looks like an Elder Scrolls game. The quests and dungeons are a mix between WOW and Guild Wars 2.  If you are a die hard Elder Scrolls fan, you definitely want to pick it up. :-)"
,Recommended,306130,12321207,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,SirJonas,"After playing this on the normal launcher I decided to buy it on steam to give away a free code, hence the low hours.But on clocking around 400hours in the game, I find that most negative reviews are based on people lack of willing to pay for a game. It has all the right components for a nice MMORPG, and still has a nice Elderscrolls feel to it unlike skyrim.Aside from early game bugs I have to say the games been mostly flawless."
76561198125501552,Not Recommended,306130,21376846,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,WarGuy22,"I'm an Elder Scrolls lore lover. I loved both Skyrim and Oblivion and even read a whole guidebook for the lore they put in the oblivion game. This game however doesn't touch the franchise's immersion. It doesn't touch the open world and I know that it is obviously an MMO but imo they should've waited to released Elder Scrolls VI. First off, side missions are more of a labored task then anything and the combat is so off for me. I sometimes wish this were some kind of nightmare when I think of this game because it was clearly to make more money for maybe an even more radical game on the horizon but I just couldn't get into it. Some others say if you compare it to Skyrim or Oblivion then yes it's not going to meet up to it's expectations but they say it is a decent MMO. Not my cup of tea though."
,Not Recommended,306130,21803304,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Hedi,This game is unplayablefps drop huge problem very very very laggy in pvp100 mbit internet and R9 290 4gig normaly 120 fpsDont buy and waste ur time.
76561198149352507,Recommended,306130,11806412,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,sharkmuncher12,"Epic MMORPG. Bethesda worked hard to transfer the Elder Scrolls franchise from a single player game to a multiplayer (co-op and competetive) game and it worked really well. There are a few critiques that I have for it however. The fact that you have to pay a subscription for about $15 a month was a bad move for Bethesda, I wish they were a litlle more reasonable, like $10 a month fee. One critique for the competetive multiplayer, it unlocks at level 10, and if you want to play against other people of your same level so you don't get continually murdered, you are out of luck, because most people in the PvP campaigns are at least level 40. Besides these two critiques, The Elder Scrolls Online is an amazing MMO that I would reccomend to anyone."
,Recommended,306130,11813941,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Too Many Tamales,good game
76561197995530299,Recommended,306130,12029331,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Wookie_as,absolutley awesome to escape reality and go on a holiday! 3 thumbs up!
76561198093617205,Recommended,306130,14938293,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,xXnickrockXx,since the subcription is finally gone is definelty wrth the time fo playing
76561198086871595,Not Recommended,306130,34477129,Posted: 25 August,all,S?S Toukka,"The thing is, I would want to play this game. I would like to spend hours and hours just exploring and grinding, but there is one thing that always comes between me and the game. The endless amounts of errors!When I downloaded this game the 1st time, everything went exceptionally well until I decided to launch the game. Errors and errors which required manual tinkering with the files. In an hour or two, the errors finally vanished and I could play. Then on month later, the glorious patch manifest error (which killed the whole game for hundreds of players) came in. I was stupid and i tried to reinstall the whole game. First time the download went corrupt when the downloading process hit 90%. A day later, when the downloading finally finished, the patch manifest error wasn't even fixed. Couple of days later, the patch manifest error was finally fixed and I didn't have to do the reinstalling process for the 4th time.Now a month later, sh!t hit the fan again. Developers published a fantastic update, but guess what? The whole game went corrupt and even the repair function isn't working. Sending tickets 24/7 would be so fun, but the errors come so often that I could build a house out of them. I like this game so much, but I cannot even launch it. I am a heavy gamer and this is the first when I have been this disappointed. Seriously, how hard is it to design a game not to have this many errors? Maybe it's the steam version, but Zenimax is the one pulling the strings."
76561198107998926,Recommended,306130,12270941,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,RocksMane,"One Of The Best Mmorpgs I've Played In Awhile, A Bit Expensive Though"
,Recommended,306130,12271130,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,jinxbart,absolutly . i have no complants on this game
76561198053850315,Recommended,306130,12263004,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Antony,"This is the best P2P game so far. A lot of improvement with recent update #4. Should be soon but still no player house yet, however."
,Recommended,306130,12418065,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Big Daddy Hitler,"Before anyone says something, yes this was a commercial failure. It has unremarkable graohics:nothing we haven't seen before, but where it shines, it makes for a decently fun game that rewards you for adventuring with other players as well as on your own. A lot of people are saying it isn't a true Elder scrolls game, and i can't argue that point much of the creatures, and lore from skyrim aren't present.But that's because most of the lore from skyrim hasn't taken place yet. From my experience with the game, i haven't run into a single familiar enemy, everything has been completely different and puts me outside my comfort zone and actually gives me a fair challenge. This is because if you poured hours upon hours of time into skyrim and oblivion like i did, you get to know alot of the enemies you''ll come up against and will already have  strategies to use against them. The combat, while not exactly like skyrim, feels very familiar with the addition of hot keys and different skill trees. Overall, i believe the game deserves an 8/10."
,Recommended,306130,16858087,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Stopman,Got killed by a mudcrab... in glorious high definition.11/10 why not zoidburg?
,Not Recommended,306130,33269873,Posted: 5 July,all,Aryeah,"I wanted to refund this game because it takes so long to update and repair and update and repair, on the first day, it says that I cant refund this game because beyond the refund terms.... I haven't even played the game yet and I cant refund it.. This game is rigged. Now I lost a lot of money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
76561198004558343,Not Recommended,306130,34829988,Posted: 8 September,all,Exposed_Entrepreneur,"If you want to play a good elder scrolls game then just play any of the last 3.If you want a great time while playing them use mods.If you want a good mmo play wow, archage or tera.If you want to support a company that is paving the way for paid mods to be a industry standard and have no fun while doing it, play this game."
76561198094611201,Recommended,306130,12111548,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,AWAY! AWAY!,"Overall a decent game, story and characters are a tad bland and the resource gathering levelling can be tedious. However, this game is a great addition to the Elder Scrolls series."
,Not Recommended,306130,15267661,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Mshai.DeMutė,"I am playing this game without steam so ignore 2 hours official play time.Ok, before I start I am a huge TES fan. I've been that since Morrowind. It is hard as ♥♥♥♥ for me to hit that not recommended button, but for now it must be so. I will gladly change it if more improvements happen.  Yes yes, it is b2p now but it is still not that good. So I will focus on what I dislike about this game:- character generation sucks big time:What year is this? Last time I checked it was 2015. not 2010. Characters are ugly, whatever you do you will simply make another twin to your previous character of same race, not enough variety of anything regarding to the facial/body features and no character physics! ESO team should really look up towards the Eastern MMO games and their character creation and their physics. And no, I am not talking about bouncing boobs, I don't care about that.- classes:I get the idea that you wanted to allow players a larger variety of gameplay styles - but don't do it in this way. Basically, whatever class you pick won't matter because you can play all other classes through it. Not to mention that you have only 4 to pick, where 2 are quite the same. So to be perfectly honest, ESO team created for us a SINGLE class to play, with 4 subclasses. WHY?! WHY?! WHY?!- leveling up:If I understand it correctly, the only way to level up in this game is to do quests. Everything else takes forever. No comments how ♥♥♥♥ed up this is. -.-- crime system:GREAT IDEA went horribly wrong! I adore it that I can sneak, still, pickpocket and kill... BUT, when those ♥♥♥♥ing guards catch me and I start to run - I've been killed through WALLS, I've been killed from HUGE distances with arrows, I've been killed through ♥♥♥♥ing MOUNTAIN!!! How pathetic is that guys that you created your terminator guards with their godlike abilities that define all logic? What's the point in running away if you can't run away?!- swimming, flying, climbing - what happened?ES Lore has a class that lives in swamps, in water and near water. Why was swimming not completed?! Why can't you climb? Why can't you glide or fly or whatever? Again - what year is this? We are surely not in the 2015. with this game.- still buggy:I've red that ESO until Tamriel Unlimited was buggy as hell and that they've fixed it. Well, I can state that in my 20-30 hours of gameplay I've encountered broken quest bugs, unable to click/use something/someone bugs, I had 1 game freezing where I had to hard reset my computer...All in all, this game is not yet ready to be truly enjoyed. It simply feels borring. It feels unfinished. I heard that you had 200 million dollars budget. That's a shame. You could've rather used 77 million to create a missle launch and launch this as far away from previous Elder Scrolls gems as possible."
,Not Recommended,306130,13370500,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,skullsies,this game could be better but its too expensive...
,Not Recommended,306130,13381427,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sambo #JeSuisCharlie,People say alot of the negative reviews are from people expecting this game to be Skyrim.Im the exception. I havent played Skyrim and I still give this game a bad review.The community is great. Very friendly and helpful. The graphics are pretty good too.My problem is with the gameplay and story. The characters are forgettable and all have names which I cant remember or have no interest in remembering. I have played upto level 12 and every level seemed a slog and a chore. Not at any point was a truely enjoying playing or truley interested in what was going on.For £50 payment then £10 a month...? Nah. Im afraid somebody at Zenimax needs to be sacked.
,Not Recommended,306130,13825440,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Aspen,"The game is definitely beautiful, but that's about it for the positives. If you're purely a fan of Elder Scrolls games and are curious, my advice would be to pass. It feels like they took all of the good parts of the Elder Scrolls series out in order to make it massively multiplayer and added in a long leveling grind and boring quest system. It's basically another WoW clone with an Elder Scrolls skin."
76561198125831337,Not Recommended,306130,34559663,Posted: 28 August,all,izod89,"Don't buy it, the game isn't even starting. Freed 100G of disk space, waited for 8h to download, and what am I seeing? Another installer, that tells me I need 85G more. Glad I haven't wasted much more money on the DLCs, as it seems there is no solution currently."
,Not Recommended,306130,16779638,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,myles.,"ESO is okay.  It's a bit bland, but if you're in the market for an MMO give it a try.  I can't recommend this game if you're already invested in another MMO, you WILL lose interest.  ESO simply doesn't offer enough to jump ship (in my opinion).  It looks pretty good, plays quite well and is well optimized.  However, I just can't get immersed or interested enough to invest the hours required to compete.  The quests feel incredibly dull and I just find myself skipping through all the dialogue so I can go kill more stuff, this is partly my own fault and it's left me completely lost with no idea what to do - but I can't be the only one.ESO had a lot to live up to, coming from the makers of great games such as Morrowind/Oblivion/Skyrim and Fallout 3 then trying to complete with the likes of WOW/Everquest/RS; it was doomed from the start.  This is NOT Skyrim: Online, and you will likely feel disappointed (as I did) if this is what you were expecting.That said, if you're new to MMO's and aren't currently invested in one then I recommend you give this a try, just be careful how many hours you play for if you plan to return it."
,Not Recommended,306130,34470629,Posted: 24 August,all,zandagain,"I wanted to like this game, but after awhile I realized that it's nothing special. Same old boring and grindy MMORPG gameplay, same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ played out fantasy tropes, and just a dash of Pay2win to top it off. Just like all the other games I tried to replace WoW with, ESO doesn't have the ""soul"" that WoW does. ESO never drew me in in quite the same way as it's predecessor.That said, ESO is better than most and certainly better than any of the F2P MMO's I have tried... it's not bad, just nothing new and not for me.Oh and there is no real auction house, lolwut?"
76561198220410292,Not Recommended,306130,17148095,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,darkuw,"Fatal error, nothing usefull on support forums, somebody help me...I bought it, and can't play, every time a launch it, steam tries to install it, but its already installed, and if i go to .exe file manually, it gives me fatal error 8."
,Not Recommended,306130,21421521,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Kdux,"its okay... i mean its okay maybe if it wasnt boring and the gear looked better and cooler i mean i love elder scrolls i made like 1000s of screen caps of the ebony armor in skyrim but some hgow they just drained the life and the feel of the elder scrolls out of a game that i felt showed such promise, if you are a fan of the series and want it just play it for the lore thats all it has going for it."
76561198016381485,Not Recommended,306130,16508489,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Piranha,"I wouldn't recommend this game at all. The gameplay is tacky, there is zero encouragement to interact with others, the movement and animations are uninteresting and overall it seems they spendt all their money on voice acting, rather than making a good game.If you're seeking a good MMO, I suggest you look elsewhere."
76561198038290352,Not Recommended,306130,16606322,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Azg,"This is not a good game. I don't want to be overly dismissive - there's a lot of good content here: it's beutiful, the characters (not the quests, the characters) are well written, and the combat is engaging (even if, in the end, it doesn't affect much to go from ""tab-targeting"" to ""location-based"" in PvE). That's about all the good though: the quests invariably consist of ""follow map icon to key point/person/item, press E, follow map icon..."" there's absolutely no thinking, no way to mess anything up (seriously: major heists that could use cool stealth/jump mechanics just turn into talk to servant, get drug, drug guard, get item). It becomes a bit insulting after 30 minutes or so.And then the MMO part? Not well managed becuase nothing is instanced. Turning off world-threatening devices is less awe-inspiring when 5 strangers are doing it with you. It just makes no sense and turns the game into a ""lets press E here and get to the next point even more"". Then add in 20-30 people doing the same thing at the same time for a super-low enemy saturation: so you rarely have to/get to fight becuase everything is killed by others.  Nothing seems epic or even notable. Quests should not feel like grinding, but ESO somehow pulled that off (though the characters are, as I said good).Also, everyone seems super-exited about theft. Every time you go to a town you see 3-4 people stealing. Can you report them? No. Can you do anything? No. It's a fine SP mechanic transplanted to an MMO.In short, this feels like a Diablo 2 (for really simple quests) mixed with Elder Scrolls view/combat - and the servers are overcrowded.  It would be an okay Single Player game, but the game crams too many players into zones without making anyone feel like its a joint effort."
76561198074328745,Not Recommended,306130,24586646,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,justcallmepeter,"so it took 4 hours to download from steam. after i was done downloading it, i had to install the freaking game that took another 3 hours to do. i played it for a bit and it was generic af. wasnt immersive, boring looking, the gameplay was alright but definitely not worth $60.i had only been playing for 30 minutes and i had enough. i wanted a refund but was denied because when the game installs, it counts as if you're actually running it so i already had 3 hours of gameplay when did not.it was a complete waste of $60 dollars that i could've used for csgo skin.i advise you do research about the game so you know exactly what you're getting into."
,Not Recommended,306130,24583497,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Alcatraz,I don't recommend it.
76561198136764622,Not Recommended,306130,24819247,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,fabioecco,"I love The Elder Scrolls, but I am honestly tired of fail to install it. It is the third time I have downloaded lots of Gb and I can't play it. First came the Steam's download that took me one day. Then the first patching attempt that returned Error 206, one more day wasted. Following the oficial support I retry and I downloaded all again. The second patching attempt gave me Error 210. I won't waste another day trying to fix it. Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,306130,29947872,Posted: 15 February,all,Wilhelm,"DISCLAIMER: I love the game itself. The only reason I am giving a thumbs down, is because the system they have in place to download and launch from steam is absolute garbage. It says I have 25 hours in the game, but those are hours spent trying to fix the launcher, downloading patches, ect. I still cannot launch the game as it is. If you're going to buy the game, don't buy it from steam. Buy it from their website. Avoid the headache. Hopefully Zenimax fixes their system."
76561197972082261,Not Recommended,306130,32582018,Posted: 19 June,all,TheBrokeNZ,"This game has no Auction House, it has guilds dedicated to trading with kiosks instead!It's catastrophic to have this in a modern MMO today. If you can't even provide something as basic as a bloody auction house then you devs have no business making MMO's in the first place. Try and learn from the masters, GW2.This is a deal breaker for me, a big one. I don't care about your ""lore"" or your ""immersion"" since nothing breaks immersion more than throwing your dices and hope you landed on a trade guild out of 120+ and hope it has the items you need at a reasonable price after traveling around the world. Why not remove fast travel as well? Breaks immersion too.If i knew this before i bought the game then i wouldn't have made the purchase.ESO community is split between those who want stone age trading system and those who are more used to the modern civilization. The ones that are for this stone age trading usually say ""it's fine as it is! don't change anything!"" for reasons that are just... Quite frankly, intellectually dishonest. Trade Guilds does not efficiently replace Auction House on any level what so ever, it's a farce! I've even read how scamming and ripping people off is a part of the ""lore"" and ""immersion"" being said in forums as if it's a feature. ""With this system it's possible you can find a really good item at a bargain!"", you mean it's possible to find someone ignorant and screw him over his fair share of gold? Vice versa is also possible, overprice a mediocre item to hell and have some poor sucker buy it thinking he got it for a bargain.Or this intellectually dishonest argument! ""I don't wanna compete with every seller on the entire server."" Yeah that's why the entire world has moved on to a modernised trading today where the free market decides the prices. To rid archaic inefficient trading with efficient, convenient and secure trade so people like you can't take advantage of ignorant customers.  Turns out there is a demand for more convenient, efficient and secure trades! Ain't that an eye opener?!I haven't read a single argument that actually has a point against having an auction house,because there is none."
76561198052262870,Not Recommended,306130,15516584,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,stefan.popov,"Wouldn't recommend it. It is dead boring.I bought the game in September 2014, played it through the free month, got bored  and quit my subscription.I gave it a second try with Tamriel Unlimited, but still found the game to be too boring and stopped wasting my time.So far I have reached around level 40. I wanted to reach 50 to be able to revisit Vvardenfell, but I just can't force myself to play anymore."
76561197978859309,Not Recommended,306130,13499738,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Big Balls Richy,"A poor version of any Elder Scrolls before it and an even poorer example of an mmo:Bland/short quests.Too much stuff going on all at once in the UI.Awful inventory system.New players  can pick up a million things and not have a clue what to keep,throwing players into the deep end isn't always a good thing.Overly convoluted crafting system.LAG LAG LAG (I have fibre).Takes the already clunky combat system of ES and somehow makes it worse.Waste of time and money."
,Not Recommended,306130,15478017,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,luckyjoe80,"Probably one of the buggiest games I've ever played. In a little under 4 hours of playtime, I've had to log out/force quit about 10 times due to sync issues with the server. I will suddenly lose the ability to perform most functions (aside from moving), which prohibits me from fighting, interacting, etc. I've died a couple of times in battle because I could no longer fight.I bought the game because I couldn't miss a chance to see Tamriel again, but this is no fun so far."
,Not Recommended,306130,13728485,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ensomoto,"I really tried to like this game, but as I primarily play an archer, I cannot.  My only judgement comes from playing Skyrim, which may or may not be fair, though.  In comparison to this, there is an obvious MMO aspect built-in to the fighting style, in which the arrows tend to find their mark if you hover somewhere close to the mark.  There is no ""aiming"" in any real-world sense.  You just wait for the enemy to show you that you'll hit, and you hit.  There's also no way to run out of arrows, numbing your mind of any care.  The big surprise came when I was playing with a friend (no, I never made it very far into the game) where I started a quest that forced me to play it alone.  Apparently, this is common.  Why am I playing a multiplayer game if I am continuously forced to quest alone?  In any case, stick to Skyrim, unless you've already played that one to death."
,Not Recommended,306130,30985677,Posted: 6 April,all,csgofade.net,unplayable because of ping issue in NewZealand
,Not Recommended,306130,20393593,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ben,What a disappointment.
76561198080851083,Not Recommended,306130,21820873,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,cheap weed n apple sauce,dont buy this spent 50$ on this and made a account and all that fun stuff just to spend 37 hours trying to log in to the game and try it which never happened. overall just one great big ♥♥♥♥ you.
,Not Recommended,306130,20009540,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Rhen-Ratel,"Like a cheaply made model of something far bigger and more famous than it will ever be in itself, The Elder Scrolls Online is a shifty attempt to move into Tamriel. It looks pretty, to say the least, but it performs no where near as well as it appears. Technical errors are as abdundant as skeevers and dremora--though, you'd understand that a bit more if the game would let you in at all.Don't waste your time, money, or effort. ESO is a fine looking attempt into Tamriel that, more often than not, will not even let youinTamriel."
76561198177957222,Not Recommended,306130,29170844,Posted: 10 January,all,coruptminds,"if you want to play by yourself and do the quests dont buy this game. unless your in a group you will constantly die, to the point where it becomes unplayable and you have to seek help with the most simple kill tasks. single players beware this game is not for you. i know it is an mmorpg but it was also advertised as single player freindly which it is not."
,Not Recommended,306130,17281861,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Generic USB Device,Have spent at least 8 hours trying to make the damn broken game work. Currently awaiting support to talk to me about my error 301 when trying to log in. Seen no gameplay despite my 41.1 hours logged on the game.
,Not Recommended,306130,18917229,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Gannicus,Please don't waste your money on this garbage.
76561198055168386,Not Recommended,306130,22009979,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,m00seface,"Hello AllI have put in 20 hours into this game, 20 painful hours hoping that gameplay would improve. I have no idea what the dungeons are like but I can describe the grind involved with leveling up your character. Very very frustrating…Let's start with the map system because your going to spend a lot of time looking at it to orientate yourself. You get a world map, town map and compass. The compass would work fine if your destinations where all in a staight line. Since you cannot fly you will be forced to navigate around the countless obstacles like towns, mountains, bridges, water, and the like without the aid of a mini map and to make things even more difficult to arrive at your destination, 50 percent of the time it will be dark…The inventory provided with your character is extremely limited which really adds to the frustration of continually returning to a town to unload. You will spend a lot of time, running, walking and riding.You are also required to learn all the trades and skills as a level up option which is confusing due to the limited storage space. So after you learn them all, you can only concentrate on one due to limited space. So what's the point of giving them all to you ???????The fighting is slow and awkward with no real sense of when you're in danger until it's too late. You will have a very difficult time playing this game alone. I have better luck with the mouse and keyboard as it is not controller friendly on any level of this game.The quests are found randomly by exploring with no real or believable indication that you're ready for this quest.The colours green, yellow orange and red next to the quest title are what you get….you'll get you’re a** kicked on yellow most of the time and some green are impossible alone and by the time you are strong enough to combat it alone the items and quest will be useless to you. Its just hard too hard to lvl up alone....This game does not hold up to its cinematics, not even close...it is free to play however with no catch of additional purchases to win. So if you like spending most of your time exploring, crafting and riding thismgame is for you.MichaelPART2:With additonal 20hrs added the game, half of which was contributed to locating the destination indicated on the map and btw when you get to the Wood elves  ""Grathwood"" be prepared to multiply your travel and frustration by four as you will never be sure if the destination is up or down the multiple levels of trees your going to need access too. They capitalized on the poor compass and map option provided in this game. WOW! .....I did several dungeons and most are very dark so if you fall off the trail, good luck getting back on....I just was not impressed with the level of game play required to conquer the main objective, very boring indeed..."
,Not Recommended,306130,22478253,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,jacobsanders35221,Has no feel as to the Elder Scroll series. I was just expecting it to be a little more like the old ones and not like a completely different game. I would not recomend this game unless you have seen video footage of someone playing on YouTube and feel like you would enjoy this game.
76561197971625269,Not Recommended,306130,17547745,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,sigp22,This game is linear and repetitive. The lack of auction house is pointless. I got bored with the game within a week and went back to my mount and blade mods. People who claims that this game is better than the launch version are lying to themselves. This game is BTP because people don't stick around too long so it's pointless to offer a monthly subscription.
,Not Recommended,306130,20683296,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Toe,"This game Feels as though it should be a free to play game. After playing neverwinter for a few hours I was struggling to find any differences between the games besides the lore. The character animations are simply awful, thrid person mode is unplayably bad (Your crosshair must be Pointed at the target whilst the character is far to the side of the screen). The game is overprices as balls. You will be paying 'Witcher 3' money for what should be a free-to-play game.  So after paying around £50-£60 for this bad game you will then be offered microtransactions? Really Zenimax? Also the quests in this game are so predictable and linear. This game just acts as a leech to the elderscrolls series, it sucks the money out of the fans.This game does however feature a well designed world... credit where credit is due i guess.All in all I would not recommend that you buy this cancerus game unless it is at least around £10-£15 on sale (even then you are probably going to be dissapointed)PS- Most of the content you thought would be in this game will probably be a paid DLC."
,Not Recommended,306130,29326718,Posted: 17 January,all,Fractious_Shield,"Just not a fun game. You would expect more out of it but all it is is a mmo with some location name drops. Wanted more, got less."
,Recommended,306130,34334626,Posted: 18 August,all,MrWannabe,░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐█
,Not Recommended,306130,17212880,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,017,"So. At the time of writing, 2 hours on the game. The time I like to think of as ""The time of no return"" seeing as steam refunds are only valid before 2 hours of time on the game according to their policys. Also at the time of writing the game is redownloading itself via the official launcher that steam downloads.Long story short, I downloaded the 48.1GB game files through steam.Opened the game and the launcher said it had an update.Update is virtually the entire time being redownloaded (not sure of the actual size 36-38GB + 12-15GB)Tried to cancel and repair the install to validate files in the offical launcher that steam downloaded.Proceded to download a 12-15GB update, then the 36-38GB updateStill waiting for it to do its thing...Would not recommend at the moment seeing as the game is perfect for wasting time watching it redownload what it already downloaded"
,Recommended,306130,17839678,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Moria,I pooped it came out the wrong way. 10/10 IGN
,Not Recommended,306130,34491437,Posted: 25 August,all,Retro Fox,You'll download 62 gbs then they'll ask for another 89 gbs so you probably wasted your time waiting for those 62 gbs to download.
76561198094239377,Not Recommended,306130,26686668,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Teddy Bear,"When they came out with the trailers i was hyped then, like a gross cafeteria lunch lady they handed me this puke on a platter. graphics♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay like any other mmo, i was one of the unlucky idiots that bought this thing full price expecting ES but getting a WoW wannabe."
76561198358329866,Not Recommended,306130,30455134,Posted: 11 March,all,urielpablo30,does not work when i open it
76561198043893095,Not Recommended,306130,29913154,Posted: 13 February,all,Mystoffeles,********************Warning the GAME will not install****************************************The installer package does not work for a lot people and this has been an ongoing problem for more that 15 months.  If you enjoy spending money on things that don't work and wasting hours trying to install the game you paid for with no support from Steam or ESO this is the game for you.
76561198044554757,Not Recommended,306130,30340255,Posted: 5 March,all,lorihala,"Bought this about a week ago because I heard it was very good.  I played it for 2-3 days without problems now I can't even log in, the server goes down for hours of emergency maintainence, and according to comments on the elder scrolls online forum server issues are somewhat common for this game.  I wish I knew about the issues and stability problems BEFORE I bought this game."
76561198067091086,Not Recommended,306130,33871698,Posted: 28 July,all,Warbird,"The game is fine but since it's through steam, steam is in charge of customer support. Which is rediculous and they won't work with customers. Just send out the same automated email responses. Signed up and paid for a month subscription and then canceled because I didn't want the funds automatically with drawn. So 2 days after purchasing a month I removed the sub from my account. Well, there goes all of the bonuses for being subscribed to the game too! So far steam is ok with this. Horrible service and a horrible transfer of responsibility on ESO's part."
,Not Recommended,306130,33987082,Posted: 3 August,all,stabbyjones,"Played Daggerfall, Morrowind, Oblivioin, Skyrim. Each of them for hundreds of hours and loved them.The problem with this game is it's not an elder scrolls game. It's really just an MMO with Skyrim style and features.This is an MMO first and an Elder scrolls game second, it's not interesting enough to keep me playing."
,Not Recommended,306130,34928208,Posted: 13 September,all,ｓｎｕｆｆｔｂｕｎｚ,"♥♥♥♥ off with the creation club♥♥♥♥ off with the re-released games♥♥♥♥ off with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ businesspracticesBethesda has, in the span of under 3 years, completely annihilated any and all goodwill myself and many other games had towards them by either sheer oblivious idiocy or seemingly purposeful tactics. I don't know which one but both are equally idiotic. You've given me many good years of fun with your games but you won't get another penny from me, unless you do a 180 on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ business practices and start releasing quality content from now on.And Bethesda aside? The game itself is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and an insult to anyone who loves Morrowind. It has the sights and sounds but none of the spirit. Also it's a really poorly developed, greedy, overly casual MMO DLC fest. It was a waste of money.I bought because of the Morrowind expansion. I did not expect a real Elder Scrolls experience in the mechanics or gameplay in any way. But I expected to have somewhat of the same ""feeling"" and there was none of that there. It doesn't just feel like an MMO, it feels like a bad one. Ignoring the fact that they charge 60 dollars for the game, once you're in it feels like a free to play with all the microtransactions they cram down your throat. So much content that should be in the game is cut and locked behind either a $15 a month subscription or the crown store. The combat isn't bad but the looting is. The writing somehow even more bland than skyrim as well. There is absolutely no rich content here to justify the price. All it is now is a slap in the face."
,Recommended,306130,11399666,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,[GWJ] ruhk,"It's not multiplayer Skyrim, and because of this most people aren't giving ESO a fair chance. As for what it IS, it's an MMO, and if you come into the game expecting anything else, you're going to have a bad time.But for an MMO, it's good. Really good. Combat is action based and requires observation and reaction, the quests are all story-centric and add to the lore of the world instead of just sending you somewhere to kill 10 rats, and the game is filled with unexpected subtle humor.But no game is perfect, and ESO isn't without it's flaws. Like any MMO, it's a work in progress, so there are bugs. Sometimes quests are broken, or npc's don't spawn, or abilities don't proc correctly. For the most part, Zenimax has been good about quashing these bugs as they are found, but like any MMO, there are always more. Also, certain ""dynamic"" events like the Dark Anchors tend to be a bit too easy and repetitive, while others are excrutiatingly rare. There's an achievement for robbing wandering merchants, but even after hundreds of hours of playtime I have yet to find a single one. Lastly, the campaign-based pvp, while fun, is set on a map SO LARGE that just travelling anywhere takes forever, making organizing more difficult than it needs to be.It's not for everyone, and it's been harmed by expectations and hampered by it's lineage, but there's still a lot of fun to be had here."
,Recommended,306130,11527892,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Aiden Pearce,Not every one may like this game because of the subscription and how overpiced the game is with or without the dlc once you get past money the game is amazing ive been playing a while and have only found one bug i do agree that this game needs work but that does not make it less fun in my mind and so i do recommend this game if you can get enough money to buy the game and pay for the subscription.
76561198040567767,Not Recommended,306130,33334167,Posted: 6 July,all,Der Prophet,"This game had ripped me off so badly. I bought the game for $60 (when it was still $60) and started installing it. Turns out I only installed another installer, so I go ahead and install the actual game overnight within the in-game installer. I then finally jump into the game for about an hour and instantly get bored, I don't know why, but it was really dull for me. It (in my experience) was really hard to get into. I then wanted to refund the game and go through the steam process of refunding a game... but I can't refund it. The installer apparently took 11 hours to install the game and it counted towards my playtime. (Those who do not know, you can't refund a game on steam if you've got more than 2 hours or had the game for 2 weeks). I could not refund the game. I got so angry, and is why I am finally writing this negative review. $60 wasted."
,Recommended,306130,21110517,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GrandEagle,".(I will write the review when i finish the game, but now only recomended)"
,Recommended,306130,15008840,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Trillmatik,good
76561198068832857,Not Recommended,306130,29492586,Posted: 25 January,all,Robin Wyle,Whelp. Was a decent game until I got banned for something stupid. I refuse to support a company that loves censorship so I'm definitely unsubscribing. Good day.
,Recommended,306130,31123318,Posted: 13 April,all,Council House,People just give this game a bad review because they expected it to be Skyrim online. It's a MMORPG not a Singleplayer RPG.
,Not Recommended,306130,34296341,Posted: 16 August,all,Mr.PinkPedo,So I just bought the game the other day and I was banned the same day I bought it. They never even told me why I was banned I didn't hack or anything like that I just played and BOOM you're banned. Seems legit what a great game 0/10 (DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ON STEAM THEY OFFER NO SUPPORT FOR STEAM USERS IF YOU GET BANNED YOUR DONE IF YOU DO BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME GET IT ON A SITE LIKE .K.I.N.G.U.I.N. OR .G.-2-.A.)
,Not Recommended,306130,34176255,Posted: 11 August,all,bobdumbylumps,Why pay $59.99 for a game when you can pay $109.98?
76561198044350568,Not Recommended,306130,13253639,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,brysonmr616,the errors need to be fixed but they refuse to do it
,Not Recommended,306130,17059339,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,®Ⓑ↟,"Don't expect this game to be a ""Skyrim Online"" It's not.I don't enjoy this game as much as I enjoyed Skyrim.But I haven't played with my friends yet, so I might change my opinion later.The stuff I've been enjoying the most are the Character Creation and the one dungeon I've tried.Even tho I feel the game was overpriced I still think I got a lot of files for that money since it took like 60gb +"
76561198045237648,Not Recommended,306130,15549221,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,coolsage999,"So you played Morrowind, Oblivion or Skyrima nd liked them? Well, forget everything, this game has NOTHING to do with the previous games, the gameplay has been completely anihilated. It is just yet another MMO. And that's not even mentionning its completely ridiculous price. I had more fun on Mount and Blade for less than a third of the price. Even the multiplayer aspect of the game was simply inexistant to me, players barely interact with each others, unless you have friends and that you can see (And not even all of the time) other players."
,Not Recommended,306130,13821916,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Burten Muffigur,"The game was a waste of money for me and I really wish you were able to get your money back since it would've be better spent on almost any other game, even better, on a good indie game.A big thing wrong with this game is that its like any other MMO, lets say WoW with a Elder Scrolls reskin. Also steam shows that I played this for 29 hours but really about 27 - 28 of it was actually me accidently leaving the character selection screen open when I fell asleep. I forced myself to continue through that 1 - 2 hours, trying to squeeze the $20 I wasted on it to at least get a little satisfaction from it and got nothing. Of about 4 sessions I ultimately just let my subscription run out and forget it ever happened.PROS- graphics, not only is it some of the best for an MMO, its some of the best overall, excluding the computer GPU killers- enviroment, kind of goes with graphics but gets some extra attention, the water looks great and the use of some vibrant colors in the trees and stuff kicks it up a notch- audio, it has some of that great sweeping atmospheric audio that you love from the other Elder Scrolls games- character creation, though I'd like some more choices but it is far superior to most or any MMO's and you can generally make a character exactly how you'd like them look... to an extent.- voice acting, I was amazed when I found out you could almost talk to any NPC and get a response, aswell multiple responses. It was a huge plus that really stood out to me.- Unlike some other MMOS you can not only go in first person but use your weapon and shield without the action bar! Finally some minimal attempt to do away with the atrosityCONS- everything else, yep its awful. Don't get it unless it becomes free to play like SWTOR did.*WARNING* THE BELOW REVIEW IS A RANT AND YOU CAN READ IT IF YOU WANT TOBottom line is this, if you want to play a WoW style MMO with better graphics go ahead. Here are a couple main things that instantly killed this game for me. Dungeons that are pethetic and poorly designed. First off, if I want to go in a really high level dungeon at level 5, just let me, dont close them off and not have a pop up or anything telling me why (I literally stood in front of this dungeon where people were going in asking them why I couldn't go in, cause I really didnt). I did get in a dungeon and this is what I found, a even scattering of enemies, no hidden loot and stuff that I loved in Skyrim (fair, its not supposed to be Skyrim afterall), a boss that I didn't know was the boss, killed him, looted him, pressed a button, a door opened, and found out that was the end of the dungeon and the door just took you back to the begining so I can run back and be like, wait wasn't I just here..... OMG WTF.Next killing factor, action barrrrrr. I hate action bars with a passion, why do they feel the need to stick one in every single MMO? cause WoW did it? I guess thats reason enough, ok, throw it in there and do away with how every single person that played the other games expects it, its ok really... after all its not the other games. The single nail that killed the whole game instantly for me was the combat. Maybe I am biased after playing games with some of the best combat mechanics (Dark Souls I & II) but there is no responsiveness to your attacks at all, you can run up slash a whole bunch while they are slashing you back. You can use your shield and block an attack and it doesn't stagger them much or less do anything to you... so I guess just keep slashing. So melee was a flop maybe I should try something else, maybe ranged? Alright this is better, all seems good feels like more of a game when I'm using a bow (a huge bonus was when I block I look like I'm holding up a cross to people and start backing away saying begone demon was probably the most fun I had in the whole game)... wait a second.... you can't shoot enemies until you get to a certain distance? Wait wait, let me try, yep, you have to wait until the rectacle gets bigger when you get close enough to them and then you can shoot them.... Wait... get close enough to shoot them? Did I not create a ranged character? The game was dead for me by the time any way, I already walked over to my brothers room like 40 times to complain about all that is wrong but this one cut deep. Does anyone recall trying to do some skillfull long range kills in Oblivion and Skyrim, how about head shot even though they didn't mean anything. How about a head shot across a endless chasm seperating you and a skeleton/  zombie thats on a broken boat in a awsome dungeon? Well this game doesn't have it since there is some kind of max distance that an enemy can agro and not only that regains its health and stands back where you first found them. It was obvious that the combat wouldn't be that good and even Skyrim is dead terrible compared to a game like DS I & II but come on.Here are some extra things that were bad. I had a quest where I needed to put out some fires in burning buildings while there are enemy bandits around and save the villagers that are trapped inside. The first one goes ok, oh look a couple people are doing the same quest as me neat! NO, they put out my fire now I have to wait till it respawns. The fire respawns and so does the bandit, alright have to kill the bandit cause you get interupted when putting out the fire when he attacks you, NOOOOOOOOOOO YOUU SON OF A, birds chirp, the smoke clears,and the area around you gets that golden warm sunlit feeling that you feel when you wake up in the morning with your blinds open, the woman is saved by a flying♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that came and put out the fire as you kill the bandit that was keeping you from putting it out in the first place. Alright I think thats enough actually, its terrible thanks for listening to my rant."
76561198037366033,Not Recommended,306130,19344573,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Linger,This game is hollow.
,Not Recommended,306130,20877589,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Dreehh,I just can't get into this game :/
,Not Recommended,306130,21170852,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,🏴💊⚰️🏳,underwhelming and easy
76561197972704009,Not Recommended,306130,21803476,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,cptsteel,bored me to tears aftr only 7 hours of gameplay.  Many said it could not be compared to skyrim but i disagree.  Skyrim is fun this isnt.
,Not Recommended,306130,17274776,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,CarteRockeT,"I am sure this game is great! But the sign-up process takes forever and I have been waiting for hours for the multiple verification codes! What is this, the early 2000s? Who still uses access codes as part of game security?"
76561198026706822,Not Recommended,306130,24120037,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Veskarra,"I bought the game on sale and was excited to try it. I cannot play because i do not have an access code that never reaches my email. I cannot contact support about this because i need said access code to do so. Do not buy this game. If you do not get the access code you are locked out of game and will not be able to get help to fix it. You will not be able to get a refund if the initial patching process takes to long because steam counts that as time played. Buy at your own risk.After writing this i found that you can submit an email to support via the ""can't log in"" then ""compromised/suspended options. tech support was fairly quick to reply and help me fix the issue. I still feel that i cannot recommend this game to others until the issue is fixed though. From what i could tell they have been having problems with this since January leaving a lot of people frustrated with no clear way to play the game they just bought but i digress. The gameplay itself is good. Despite the lack of classes i feel like i have plenty of options when it comes to choosing a play style. The voice acting is great and i love the game world. Professions are fun to pursue and joining factions like the fighters or mages guild give you access to new abilities and i am excited to see those. This is not Skyrim so if that is what you are looking for you should play Skyrim. If you enjoy the world and lore of The Elder Scrolls then this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,306130,21039191,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,JF,not recommended.. boring af you need friends
,Not Recommended,306130,20141138,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Makraw,"the registration process is so terrible, i got cancer. the game needs to be downloaded twice in order to play, both times using ethernet taking more than an hour. you need to create a sepperate account that takes forever and has more hoops to jump through than any other mmo ever made. i couldnt get the game to start because they demand that you use codes from multiple emailts  that constantly change. all of your entered data is deleted if anything is wrong, and there is almost twenty boxes of data. i dont want to break into fort knox, i want to play elder scrolls online. although i guess i dont want to play anymore. worse than bad rats. 0/10"
,Not Recommended,306130,34980884,Posted: 15 September,all,Enward,"If you're a fan of modern MMOs then you'll most likely enjoy this game as it clones many aspects of other successful MMOs such as Guild Wars 2 and WoW.. However, If you're a fan of modern MMOs then you can understand the limitation of this game before you even play it. If you're a fan of the regular Elder Scrolls games, then this may not be the game for you as it lacks many traditional mechanics of the Elder Scrolls series while the traditional mechanics that it does such as the crime system, just seems poorly implemented and tacked. Overall, its a pretty good MMO, but I cannot recommend it as it represents the Elder Scrolls in an almost grotesque way. Without the Elder Scrolls skin over it, it's nothing special or even worth paying for. If you like Elder Scrolls then keep playing Skyrim, because this IS NOT The Elder Scrolls."
76561198047307308,Recommended,306130,23371243,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Baka`kun (LJ),Oh! You finnaly finished downloading 60gb? Let me add more in the updates.10/60gb
,Not Recommended,306130,15570893,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Z e n o,"I tried liking the game, I really did. The game is a glitch, it never was a game. The UI is bad, it glitches a lot, etc. The pvp? Not fun when you can't cast spells because the servers cant take it. You fall out of the world constantly, players instakill you with abilities, isn't balanced at all and so on. I haven't done much PVE. I guess PVE part could be alright, if your UI doesn't glitch and you are unable to use a potion/cast a spell/move/interact with NPCS/fast travel/etc... I played in the beta, quit. Came back recently for two months, still as bad as in beta. 3/10 Needs many fixes."
76561198408125735,Not Recommended,306130,34326747,Posted: 18 August,all,ansvarstagande,"The almost 4 hours of playtime I have for this game was spent in the installer trying to get the game to actually install. In the end it did not work and I asked for a refund, but was declined because my supposed playtime had gone for over 2 hours. If you plan on playing this game, do not buy it through Steam."
76561198080099141,Not Recommended,306130,18622436,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Morbleue,"Ok I played this game about 100 hours by now. But not through Steam. See below.The Good+) Well if you are a fan of Elder Scroll Series is great to continue.+) Quest system is unique and generally they dont feel like grinding+) Quite free to build the character how you want, like you want. That is if you dont have FPS issues (see below).The So-So!) Very slow to get through to level 50 cap. The xp system is unbalanced. The best way to get xps is to kill mobs in dungeons whitout completing it. Site quests give miserable xp.!) Inventory management is just awful. If you want to make money to buy a horse you need to sell through guild you join - NPCs merchants buy from you at 1/10th of the real price. Provisioning and Enchanting give you to too many mats who clog your inventory. Places to sell are far and wide!) Immersion is not good. You are alone in a Dungeon, progressing slow, stealthing, repositioning, doing your quest, then suddenly a group of three guys coming for the skyshard with over level characters zip through and clean the place in seconds... Awful just awful.!) Add-ons are cool and helpful but not as great as in Skyrim. No content Add-on. Only Add-ons that makes your live easier.!) Crown shop (for money) is generally selling uninteresting stuff at inflated prices.The bad-) Low appearance customization of your character. Faces look the same. The dye option for cloths is clunky and gets to very weird end results.-) FPS crashing in towns and dungeons. I have a good PC play numerous recent Multiplayers online games on it without issues (including large scale battles in Guild Wars 2). ESO was the first big issue. FPS is 80-100 most of the time. But in cities it drops for short moments to 10. In group dungeons 30-40 most of the time! But you can still move around with jumps and positioning with fights is bad but workable if you spam certain skills and gear for survivability.-) FPS in PvP makes it unplayable. When I join a small skirmish of a few players. FPS crashes down to 1-5. Which is just unplayable. I tried 5 different techniques to increase FPS with mix results. The main culprit seems to be their game engine and how it uses sound cards and CPU. I had to stop playing through steam to gain a few frames.-) Interaction with others. Guild chat is not good. Group chat is not good. Zone chat is mostly about selling. You feel surrounded by ghosts in Tamriel. Not by players. Also in PvP, group search lags and is unresponsive. PvP map is huge and you will have a hard time finding where the action is. If you dont have a horse, forget it ... will take you an hour to get to the other side of the map.Generally, not happy about the purchase. Delete it? No, I ll quest solo a bit more."
76561198148029804,Not Recommended,306130,35008407,Posted: 16 September,all,Min Min,"All of the quest are the same bad fetch quests. There are no actually dialogue options in NPC interractions. The story is boring and not immersive. Grinding is boring because the combat is simple and consists of mostly spamming left click. Graphics are bad even on the ultra-high setting. I had to delete ALL of my other games and mods to download the game. Most of the game is DLC. The game took like 3 hours to download and install. Would not recomend even to play with friends, since most of the main story-line consists of ""solo-quests"" where every player is in there own seperate dungeon. A complete waste of money."
76561198117525431,Not Recommended,306130,34748817,Posted: 4 September,all,Ghost Hunter 2501,"TL;DR - Outside of US and EU this game is unplayable with broken connections and ping 999+ :(It is with a heavy heart I must downvote this game to the very depths of Hell.For what time I did spend in this game I loved it but alas, the server problems begun and have never stopped.  After doing some research I have discovered that this is always the case and if you are not located in the US or Europe you get boned for trying to play this game.  At first I dealt with it then after hours of play and multiple attempts to even just login I decided to change servers from US to EU (♥♥♥♥ it I'll deal with the difference); only to discover that the EU servers have a permanent ping of 380+ (making the game barely passable if I was drunk off my rocker).The constant login fails, terrible ping then NO WAY I repeat NO WAY to directly contact customer support is the bottom of the barrel.  I have many screeenshots of different days and times to prove the problems I am having.Before you jump up and down - my rig runs this on max at 1080p with ease and I have a 50Mbps connection.  EVERY other game I have runs like butter online - even Tera, Blade and Soul and Black Desert Online never, EVER hit a ping of over 250+ even in busy periods.In this day and age just because myself and thousands of others live in Australia we can't play a game of this magnitude is just ♥♥♥♥ing pathetic.  Loved playing when I could but for me, it's a No.Bottom line - Outside the US or EU avoid this game like the plague."
76561198053427443,Not Recommended,306130,34845677,Posted: 9 September,all,Wolfsbrother,"The game becomes really boring after copule hours of play, quest are, compared to Oblivion and Skyrim, poorly written and monotonous, I didn't expected that game mechanics, like combat were like in Skyrim, 'cos it's MMORPG, but I hoped that storyline and quest are interesting...The game is simply not worth that money, not to mention that publishers want you to pay more that 15 $ just to play as an imperial, my fav. race in series."
,Not Recommended,306130,31618446,Posted: 7 May,all,Gonzo850,"I have fun playing this. I'll probably intermittently come back for more. Good quality, engaging content and I usually have a good time with the community.But even though the lore and game mechanics kinda feel like an Elders Scrolls game, it's not enough for me and I keep going back to Skyrim. Mostly because when I play with people, the story gets rushed. I end up beating bosses without the slightest clue who the hell they were or why I'm fighting them. Sometimes I don't even know how we beat the boss because I'm playing with some master lvl 100 wizard that did everything for us. If I play alone at my own pace to enjoy the lore I end up feeling stupid cause this is an MMORPG and I'm playing alone.If you're anything like me. You are looking for a game that is more Elder Scrolls than MMORPG. Take this review as a disclaimer and not so much a negative review when you consider your purchase.Also remember that when this Elder Scrolls stops being cool, they will pull the plug and this game will disappear. Meanwhile I can still load up Morrowind and continue playing whatever story mod I had started 6 years ago."
76561198248994418,Recommended,306130,31116831,Posted: 13 April,all,Valiriken,I woke up ... I had breakfast ... I launched ESO3 Hours later I was already : What is happening to the time ... :D :D :DAmazing game
76561198272932346,Recommended,306130,24627556,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Deagle Beagle GamDom.com,its awsoome
76561198030533917,Not Recommended,306130,28246102,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,FallopianJones,Terrible costumer support
76561198016219487,Not Recommended,306130,26344916,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,monkeyboy246,"game would not let me log in to my account. changed password and updated account on their website with no results. spent 4 days e-mailing them and only ever got back an automated response telling me if i had fixed the problem myself not to respond to their automated system. So I suppose this is not a negative comment on the game itslef as I never ot the chance to play it, but a negative comment on the company itself."
,Not Recommended,306130,28979019,Posted: 3 January,all,roganpowerr,"I WANT to like this game. I'd even like to play it someday.ZOS InstallAnywhere has had issues since its Thieves Guild update. Namely, where the installer will not install. I wait 7 hours for the game to install on Steam (third time's the charm?), press play, wait for the progress bar to swiftly go to 100% and then...... nothing...Yes: I meet minimum specs, have un/reinstalled, have disc space, run as admin, run in compatability for Win7 and 8.The thing is that I shouldn't have to answer these questions. When one buys a product one expects that product to work. I was ready to dive head-first into the game but not if ZOS won't let me in. I want this to have a thumbs up so I will edit this if ZOS answers my ticket, if I get assistance, and to chronicle for other users who call for answers and are met with silence."
76561197995163718,Not Recommended,306130,34999274,Posted: 16 September,all,cptbreecher,"The latest updates are killing me, so much so I have to uninstall. I clicked on ESO, knowing I needed some updates, so I waited until the end of the month when I know how many gigs I have left on my plan. It was over 50GB. The launcher comes up and I let it go, it was not too bad. Maybe 6-7GB. I let the ESO launcher do its thing. Then I started it up and Steam says awaiting updates for the game, after ESO launcher was done. Now steam wants to redo the entire game. 68+GB. This is next to criminal, and I just can't do it.The game is NOT worth this. It is OK. You can run in and out of storylines because there is nothing to define them. That is god and bad. But you have to like it. It is not as good looking as Elder scrolls V or Special Edition. The story is more muddied. Takes a while to figure your way around. But that also means it is a large map, and fairly varied.The creation systems for stuff is OK, but some are too hard for too little gain.Thieving is an open joke.Combat is OK - but generally either you overmatch the enemy or they overmatch you. Few close battles, at least for me.So if you have unlimited T1 this game might be OK, otherwise it is a patchy nightmare, not worth keeping up with.If you are on a limited data plan, steer clear of this and ARK."
,Not Recommended,306130,11631884,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,PromoteFreeThinking.,"Zenimax/Bethesda are big liars, or just incompetent, or BOTH! They launch this game with Mac support, only to be pulled from Steam. I guess the Elder Scrolls Online Icon looks nice, it is a snake that eats itself, big waste of time otherwise since I can't even run it. My only other option is to bootcamp but all these hoops shouldn't make me keep away from, god forbid, actually playing it!This game is Bananas, B-A-N-A-N-A-S .0/10"
,Recommended,306130,32237750,Posted: 7 June,all,Nacho - Nayvia,"Que decir, es un muy buen juego esta en el top3 de los RPG que mas me atraparon, aunque jugar solo no es tan positivo, tal vez se vuelve un poco repetitivo y que no puedas tener tantas habilidades le saca un poco la gracia.Pero es algo distinto de los tipicos RPGRecomiendo el Black Desert si quieren algo mas completo"
,Recommended,306130,31135209,Posted: 14 April,all,t.Minimal,Better than World of Shitcraft (WoW) in every aspect !
,Recommended,306130,29796697,Posted: 8 February,all,伊達 奈々未,"I've been playing this game since 2014, and I really, really like it. It's only now that I've linked it with steam.It is indeed different from all of the other TES since it is an MMO.So what do you expect, an Oblivion or Skyrim game experience?If you don't like the game then begone, if you can't get it running then it's on your end there's like a bunch of us running it perfectly fine, if you don't like the DLC then don't buy the DLC no one is forcing you to buy. Bring your rants and malingering coments elsewhere. This is STEAM hello! A lot of things here has a price."
76561198312066874,Recommended,306130,26673505,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,rip_anus,would play again
,Not Recommended,306130,27366899,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,alienbluntlord,Dead community. Proabably not a wow killer.
76561198189254177,Not Recommended,306130,33317950,Posted: 6 July,all,Buttmunchkin,26 hours in and only 1 thing that really bothers me and makes me not want to play is there is no enemy lvl system. Enemy scale with you so when you get to ebony and♥♥♥♥♥♥mudcrabs can still kill you somehow. The one thing an MMO needs is lvls so if you wanna solo stuff you can just grind a lvl or 2 to do it. Also the new class I think guardian is pretty much P2W in PVP. I have used him and he is so OP it's insane don't know how that got past them. If you can ignore these problems it is fun especially with friends but I dont recommend unless you can overlook everything bad. Best part is stealing♥♥♥♥♥♥only reason I'm stickin with it honestly because nothing drops gold and equipment dropped sells for nothing but costs 10000% more if you straight up buy it from a shop. One last thing they try and shove their dlc down your throat even though I already spent $80.
,Recommended,306130,19448360,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,menwy74,Awesome game :)
76561198391121042,Not Recommended,306130,32776516,Posted: 25 June,all,kungfukenny,"If you want to play elder scrolls, play skyrim or oblivion. This game is a less interesting and less exciting version of both those games."
76561197988749956,Recommended,306130,18563040,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Ultrazen,"I'm trying to figure out why every single person that bought Skyrim, hasn't bought this.  It's a better Skyrim, plain and simple.  The combat is much better, the world is awesome, and the class building is really fun.If you liked Skyrim, to me, this game is the same only better in every way.  Easily worth the asking price."
76561198080089905,Recommended,306130,16508263,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,adaminop,c
,Not Recommended,306130,32005233,Posted: 27 May,all,Dean,would be real fun i bet if i could play it without constant crashes
,Recommended,306130,16091079,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,RORY.D,best game ever
,Recommended,306130,16124093,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lunch Parade,"Waited 8 hours for download, then waited another 2 hours for patch download, needless to say, it was still worth it B))))"
,Recommended,306130,24065014,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kung-Fu Kenny,Velly goedt Geam
76561198144139953,Not Recommended,306130,31237155,Posted: 19 April,all,jamespantheon,why isnt it opening
76561198067897107,Not Recommended,306130,29348134,Posted: 18 January,all,SimplySticky,"zeniy max sucks dont buy, they have lazy devs, cant even get steam to see there game on a portibale drive lol you will be down loading this game over and over again im done with beth and zeny and will be telling every one from here on out, they dont give 2♥♥♥♥♥♥about ther customer base just money :("
,Not Recommended,306130,33691717,Posted: 21 July,all,Toksipluhas,Don't buy this game. It takes a long time to download and it might not even work. I had to delete steam and all my steam games so i could download steam to adisk that had enough space for the game. I waited more than 6h for all my games to get downloaded. When I opened the eso launcher the play button did nothing. I went to find solutions on youtube andeso.combut there was nothing related to my problem.(ps english is not my main language)
,Not Recommended,306130,31935179,Posted: 24 May,all,Rasmus,its so ♥♥♥♥ing boring holy ♥♥♥♥ what a waste of space
,Not Recommended,306130,32468654,Posted: 16 June,all,4erryJane,Очень скучная игра.
,Not Recommended,306130,21798792,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,@Silver,"Ultimately I found this game to be extraordinarily boring. Story, from the bit I had seen, was sub-par. Graphics are absolutely terrible, in comparison to other games out right now, and you may claim ""It's an MMO!"", but I still feel that doesn't justify the bad graphics. I also felt the optimization left a lot to be desired because my FPS was lower than what I felt it should have been, but I'm no expert. I played with a friend, but I feel like questing sucks with friends (Which is the point of playing an MMO.) because they can finish the entire quest without you, and you just get exp. Where is the fun in that? Boring voicing and text, bad combat system (Although Skyrim wasn't good either, if we're being honest.) , and childish graphics. Perhaps MMOs just aren't my thing, but I could never recommend spending more than, say, 20 dollars on this game. Sorry if this sounded overly negative. I spent nearly nine hours playing this game, and after spending 60 dollars, I felt I should have gotten more play time and a more enjoyable experience out of this game. If you're looking for a game to show off how much cash you have by blowing it on pets and mounts, you may like this game. If you're looking for some sort of an immersive experience, I'd suggest looking elsewhere. (Final thought, I will add that I never got to PvP, which I have heard is a huge part is what makes this game fun. I'm just not willing to grind it out to level 15 in this game, because I would much rather have a blast playing Rainbow Six Siege or something.)"
,Not Recommended,306130,16480077,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Hola Uriberto,"Basically need premium for everything. The gameplay is okay and I really liked it but it's not what I'd expect from an Elder Scrolls game, and certainly not as good as other MMOs to catch my attention. If this had a more interesting lore and it didn't rely on having premium (I'd rather see expansion-based content where I need to buy an expansion instead of buying several portions of the game to access them, or paying the monthly fee for premium) it would be an awesome MMORPG but it's not and it's kinda disappointing, specially after seeing other Elder Scrolls games like Skyrim and Morrowind take the RPG genre to another level.Of course I can't expect a game like TESO to be like Skyrim, but that's why The Elder Scrolls should be a single player experience like Fallout and not this.Can't recommend for the full price unless you have a clan to play with in which case you already have this game in your library and you wouldn't be reading this."
76561198107212754,Recommended,306130,16855746,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,4léaf   ᵔᴥᵔ,"In fact, these game attracted me to continously playing for hours and keep me fresh througout the whole day!"
,Recommended,306130,16367524,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Khypher,One of the BEST games i've EVER played 10/10
76561198173989753,Not Recommended,306130,23235744,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,"""Tennish""",fun game at start but very repetative i wouldnt say its worth the meney
76561198054024877,Not Recommended,306130,18754809,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,snow_muncher,What a *HUGE* disappoint this game isComplete let-down to the whole Elder Scrolls seriesUtterly devoid of any of the atmosphere and character of the single-player gamesGame amounts to little more than a MMO scavenger hunt - no place for the gameplay of the rest of the series
,Not Recommended,306130,24121839,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mad Spectre,"After downloading the game twice, at 50gb each, and capping my monthly data, the game refuses to even open a window. I checked the folder, and it's 111mb. What the heck did I download then? Does it delete everything on launch? This is a total rip off."
76561198136504339,Recommended,306130,31606408,Posted: 7 May,all,MrCrusted csgobounty.com,"Exterior: Field-TestedWith its curved blade mimicking a tiger's claw, the karambit was developed as part of the southeast Asian martial discipline of silat. The knife is typically used with a reverse grip, with the finger ring on the index finger. It has been spray-painted using a tangle of masking tape as a stencil. True power is demonstrated with subtle applicationInspect in Game...Tags: Knife, Karambit, ★, Covert, Field-Tested, Tradable, MarketableView in Community MarketStarting at: R 1 755.43Volume: 7 sold in the last 24 hoursSell"
,Not Recommended,306130,17426008,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,TheFrapRap,"Uninteresting, old, and the same bullcrap as all other MMO's. A cash and grab that just sucks up your money. I'd rather play freaking Runescape and the new version that THIS"
76561198011858234,Not Recommended,306130,17539397,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,mjb supreme,"Compared to Skyrim this game is rubbish,Graphics are lame, dialogue is bad, it isn't clear how anything works.Loading takes ages.Ripoff."
,Not Recommended,306130,22277677,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Cesar the suspicious pizza guy,I loved this game for quite a while but after what happened its impossible to play. One day i try to start up the game from the launcher. it loads up and i try to press play but the button wont work! Other people have experienced this as well and still no fix. and because of that. i cannot recommend this game.Edit: after waiting about half a year the game is now working but seeming how i had no help with this at all. I still cannot recommend this game
76561198006649728,Not Recommended,306130,17021002,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,bluefraggle27,So this game didnt even load for me. I had to download 6 times. I gave it all the permissions I could. Still would not work. Repaired it 6 times nothing. It made my computer slow and now Im having problems. Ive had nothing but bad luck with steam so far. What happened when Dawn of war came out I had no problems but now nothing but. Looks like Im going to have to stick with blizzard.
76561198138009775,Not Recommended,306130,18934071,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Danny,well i cant even play the game i just bought because it says that i cannot activate my account
76561198032244679,Not Recommended,306130,20481146,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,UWOStud,Game is fine but the Error 209 is totally unacceptable.  The server will lock you out for days.  Do not waste your time with this terribly flawed set up.
76561198044879488,Not Recommended,306130,20601913,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Yuzacc,"This isn't about the game, as its pretty fun. It's about Zenimax. The terrible, awful, piece of crap company that is running this game. My account was banned, like thousands of others, for no reason. They do automated sweeps for bots, but ban any accounts for no reason. This company deserves to go bankrupt, and its workers deserve to be homeless."
,Not Recommended,306130,19313869,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Saiaku(最悪),"Since the release, this game has a loading screen loop bug. I bought it near the end of 2015. It's still bugged. Avoid it at all cost."
,Not Recommended,306130,19380711,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Foxy,Well it is a nice game IF you can play it but many people have frequent crashes (including myself) and its not a hardware problem because every other of my 400+ games works flawlessly.Now I will give them a week or so to fix this if not its going to steam support and gettin my money back...Will update if they update...Update: No Update. Will ask for refund.
,Not Recommended,306130,20045673,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bizarre,"While the graphics overall are pretty good, I don't recommend playing it even if you are a fan of the Elder Scrolls series. it plays more like a stand alone single player RPG, than an MMO. Community is nice, but the layout for the ability panel and interface is confusing and overly complicated. That being said, if you do want to purchase this game and you've played other MMO's out there like WoW, prepare to be somewhat dissappointed. Lackluster in a sense that they almost shoehorn the ""crown store"" the moment you set foot on the second zone. Please consider for at least a few hours/days before purchasing. :(I should also mention that it took THREE DAYS for this game to download, and 5-6 HOURS for it to update on its own once the launcher for the game started up and the first quest for the game is quite mediocre for all that time I spent waiting. Not worth it imo.But hey, at least the character creation screen is good."
76561197962520178,Not Recommended,306130,20193931,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ZΞΠ,"This game is another example of the casualization of PC games, yes its an mmo rpg for the pc but not primarily. This is a console game first and formost and for this reason alone I'd say skip buying this game unless you'r gonna play it casually with like a controller on a TV or you just don't care and need something to sink time into. But if your looking for good PC game your going to care about... no... I can see why so many people stopped playing that they had to remove monthly subscribtion. You can't take this game seriously if your gonna enjoy it, its a casual console game, dont buy it for PC."
76561198112175585,Not Recommended,306130,20251899,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,flo3ng3l13lp,wenn mein acc gehen würde könnte ich es wenigstens spielen
,Not Recommended,306130,21420208,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,EvilBible.com,"Skyrim does everything better.  Unless you want broken laggy chaotic PvP or a shallow PvE grind that requires a grind to reach.For exploring/lore MMORPGs this one is probably top tier, but I don't play MMORPGS for exploring and lore, I play Skyrim for that. Case closed."
76561198263104188,Not Recommended,306130,22520841,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,naturalmenace,"I payed $24 for this game back in december and have never once gotten to play it.. at first it said i was missing d3dcompiler_43.dll, then i read on some forums to install 5 or 6 other .dll files, reinstall the game, reinstall my entire system. nothing has worked and now i'm told by steam that because they recorded i've played the game more than 2 hours (which was the time i spent with the launcher open and the game wouldnt even start) that now i'm not even able to get a refund.i dont recommend this game or the use of steam powered. its all garbage designed to screw you out of your money. save time and aggravation and just go purchase the game in a retail store and dont use this garbage app."
76561198121372855,Recommended,306130,19530607,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Gedalya_InDev,The disclaimer for this game should read: ESO has more bugs than Starship Troopers!10/10 (It's hard to make that many bugs in one game)
,Not Recommended,306130,19989932,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,menacedd,"this game looks good at first however the more you level up you understand that its just a money grab, late game is very very boring and the pvp is laggy as ♥♥♥♥, also there is no arena, very average MMO and abysmal RPG."
76561198069388629,Not Recommended,306130,17663171,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,CoCO is the best,"So after putting countless hours into this game this is what I have to say. Coming from WoW I wanted to find something new so I looked into ESO. At first I was very happy, the game is beautiful the combat is awesome. However....... this game content is so boring. Leveling from 1-50 was fine because of the story. After that it goes to Veteran 1-16 which is nothing but pure grinding. What I mean by that is spending countless hours doing the same stuff over and over again until you level. That is the most effective way in leveling. Ok lets say you finally got through hell and back and reached veteran 16. Great. What can I do now? Well you can run dungeons which is like any other normal dungeon you would find on a game like this. Cool. Now I am more interested in PVP. Well, there are no arenas, no battlegrounds. So what is the pvp in this game. IT IS A MINDLESS ZERG... Who ever has the biggest group wins.... The PVP in this game is so boring. Honestly, I regret playing this game. This game needs to have a focus on something. They keep throwing out random content, which by the way is full of bugs. This whole game is full of bugs. I wish I did my research before buying this game..."
,Not Recommended,306130,22014402,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Moist_Napkins,terrible
76561198090223119,Not Recommended,306130,20025068,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Carmelazation,"... After days of unistalling and reinstalling this piece of work, it still constantly crashes on me after (n) amount of fixes I have tried, even after numerous searches for fixes and applications of these fixes it still doesn't work. I believe I would've enjoyed this game if it actually worked, it crashed when I was full of hope after being finished with creating my first character. At that point I was still hopeful, then I did the above and sadly my patience has run out. I'm refunding this game.  I hope it'll work for other users."
,Not Recommended,306130,20194698,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bog Yarzon,Essentially a money trap.  I rather pay a monthly fee for a good MMO then have any kind of real-money market in-game.  Ruins the game.
76561198237906776,Not Recommended,306130,17037868,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,dj1net,"Freaking download to play the game is rediculously slow!!! The game looks great, but I am not the only one complaining about waiting....waiting...waiting...hey look!! no still waiting...Come on guys! I respect the art of game building very much so, but if the consumer never gets to the playing board what good is it? So far the graphic look good....Only 18 to 36 hours to download...You have got to be kidding...""Bottlenecked""."
76561198049007129,Recommended,306130,17837844,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,jino750,play it
76561198208986100,Not Recommended,306130,18964518,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,N-N-N-Naoto,"I don't recomend this game for afew reasons. One being it loads A LOT and for no reason."" walking in a town"" LOADING, ""Fighting stuff"", Loading. It also has a very dull one walkway overworld that is just very plain and boring."
,Not Recommended,306130,32452086,Posted: 15 June,all,-Dank,game takes up 150 gb piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,306130,34026008,Posted: 4 August,all,🔥ActivGaming🔥 Hellcase.,I linked the wrong account to the game and now i cant unlink
76561198089584286,Not Recommended,306130,34738220,Posted: 4 September,all,MYSTERIOUS,"Do not buy this game. Everything on this game is pretty much pay to play. Sometimes when you make a purchase that doesnt go through, their web assistant doesnt do♥♥♥♥♥♥to help you. They always stall their responses and in the end they never resolved the problem that I had. Some game bethesda has created."
,Recommended,306130,24700143,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Spyro,"Bought the game yesterday, went on sale today....... RIP"
,Recommended,306130,24715166,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Okazaki,"This game has been way too underated, but i guess there are good reasons for that.Pros:+MASSIVE amount of quests, not just the boring ones ""Bring me X of these"". (Of course there are some like this, but far less than in skyrim).+Massive amount of info about tamriel lore, much more than in skyrim.+Huge map+Crafting system iswaymore elaborated than in skyrim.+Not laggy+Millions of npcs, with much more voice actors than in skyrim. You wont hear the same voice in 34 different npcs again.Cons:-Mob respawn system is terribly wrong. Imagine you enter a cave, kill some mobs and survive with 10 hp.Now, someone also wanted to enter the cave at that moment so he does.And what does it happen? Well,ALL MOBS RESPAWN, ALL OF THEM. You get killed, and you loose all your progress.Why cant they set the cave to be isolated? Is it really too hard? They did that perfectly well with dungeons(those are bigger caves, normally meant to do in coop), but when it comes to normal caves they just dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥-Character's body customization is not as good as in skyrim. And its not 100% free.  You need to pay for some hairstyles for example.-No voice chat-Charge you 15$ to join the dark brotherhood or the thieves guild.-You have infinite arrows (wtf)-Just like in skyrim, your character becomes overrated by doing some ridiculously easy tasks the rest of npcs couldnt do. Yesterday i killed a lion with a few hits, because a hunter on his deathbed told me to bring him its hide, as he has been trying to get itALL HIS LIFEand he couldnt manage to do it. Im talking about someone withDECADESof hunting experience and without much things to do besides chasing that lion. Daedric lord Hircine himself appeared to congratulate me for doing such an ""impressive"" hunt.Besides that, you will constantly see ""legendary warriors"" doing less damage with their greatsword than you do with your fists.That sort of inconsistensy annoys me a lot, i dont know about you. But expect aLOTof it in this game.6.4/10If you liked the elder scrolls series, i guess you should buy it to avoid missing the lore info.Do not think its completely broken because of the cons, the millions of things to do will keep you from thinking on the bad sides of the game.DO NOTbuy unless its on sale.Its not worth the full price."
,Recommended,306130,25335590,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Bloodkeeper Thickmeat,Beaut1ful w0rld.  Gameplay is ok.  Lor3 is gr8.  88/88
76561198045668373,Not Recommended,306130,24455676,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Steel Arbitrator,"I wish I could recommend.Not a huge amount of time spent playing, what I have played I've enjoyed. If you're expecting Skyrim or Oblivion forget it, this is an MMO with Elder Scrollsish feel to it. Which is still fun. Sadly I wont be recommending as I CAN NEVER PLAY, THE SERVER RANDOMLY THROWS ME OUT CONSTANTLY. I understand this may just be my connection, and yet not a single other MMO or online game does this to me. ESO constantly lags, then sometimes throws me out, or just wont even let me log in. Every time I start it up its a coin toss. Man people might stop hating on this game on the web if you guys just managed to do what every other AAA MMO has managed to at least kinda do, and create some stable servers please! That and quit the cashwhoring DLC you keep throwing out. Please, let your game be as good as it could be. Megaservers are dumb."
,Recommended,306130,24595211,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ArcaneReflux,"One of the best mmos I've ever played, Highly recommended to fans of elder scrolls or just mmos."
,Not Recommended,306130,28046440,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Quester,"Loading simulator.It took me several days to download, somehow something went wrong and I had to download again the whole game (It's like 60 gigs, yay me), then I had to wait for it to patch and update, than I had to wait a 10 full minutes long loading screen to the character creation. I changed some settings and when I clicked apply another loading screen popped up and this time, I waited for like an eternity and was still loading. It was basically stuck. Tried to exit the game and restart, still infinte loading screen. This time with stutters in audio too.There is only so much time I can wait for a game to load, refund."
,Not Recommended,306130,26751458,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Ainsley,"I have been on the menu screen for 12 hours and I still can't get in If im lucky I get to play the intro, but when it loads into the next area the game will have a problem connecting to the server and put me back to the title screen. Please fix your servers!"
76561198023959080,Not Recommended,306130,28169129,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ashwuk,"Game constantly crashes, tried 3 reinstalls, using a pc linked account. Used an old character.. crashed... started a new character.. crashed.. totally useless.Shame really."
76561198063155723,Not Recommended,306130,28954937,Posted: 2 January,all,bisal,good game but expensive pay for this pay for that not cheap
76561198038513086,Not Recommended,306130,29912722,Posted: 13 February,all,Vasilas,"ESO Gold top seller in Steam? oh boy some people didn't do their research.The Good-Graphics are very good, lightning is amazing. Sounds assets are ok.-Leveling up is meh in ESO, quests are your default run of the mill, fetch/kill quests. At least there are spots where you can grind mobs for xp.-Collecting stuff like, motifs and achievements is fun, if not a bit grindy at times.-Level design, costumes, effects are ok, most of the time.The Bad-Dungeons and exploration are mediocre, nothing really interesting or different from what you've propably already seen from an Elder Scrolls game, or any MMO fantasy for that matter.-Gear system SUCKS so bad. You will have to wear very specific pieces of armor/weapons if you want to get the max out of your gear and aquiring those pieces is VERY grindy, which lowers your enthusiasm for experimentation.Also no 'transmogrify' here, your character will never look the way you want him to look, despite the myriad of awesome styles of armor the art department has created.-Also, like the above, Racial unique stats suck, each race is focused on being better on a certain stat. So if you want to focus on stamina for example, a Redguard is far superior when compared to other races and you would be just gimping yourself by picking something else.-Very, VERY grindy mount upgrade system. It literaly will take you 6 months to fully level up the stats of your horse. And it's not even account based, you have to do that for each character you create. -Unless you spend some extra real money of course--Which brings us to the next awful system. DLC. The game is sliced into DLC pieces that cut some serious content from the base game. Some examples: Cyrodill PvP area is DLC, Orsinium province is DLC, Thieves GUild? DLC. Dark Brotherhood? DLC. Imperial race??! DLC!Why would they make those core content elements into DLC when they already have extra COSMETIC DLC? if you want to ""support the devs"" (despite you already bought their game, it's not exactly free2play), cosmetic DLC like mounts, pets, costumes etc would be sufficient one would think? Well the devs think like this obviously ---> $$$The REALLY BadThis is what made me quit the game in disgust. PVP is simply unplayable.Firstly, you can only PvP in this huge area in the middle of the map, which you enter through... a menu system, because screw immersion.Secondly, the map is so damn huge, this makes finding fights almost a quest on itself. Especially when you ride on a low level mount, which you will most certainly do when you first start playing.But hey you can always spam ""LFG"" in chat and hopefully get an invite to a larger group, which in this game is known as a Zerg. And more of a fitting name, could not be given to describe what you do in a Zerg. Mindlessly running from point A to point B killing anything you come across. Skill? tactics? strategy? nah this is THE ZERG. This is how EVERYONE plays in ESO PvP and the reason is following:This game is so damn laggy, the framerate drops SO low and on top of that, there is this weird input lag that no one can explain or fix. In big fights, all these problems get multiplied and you get the feeling that you're playing in a half-baked beta version of the game.So the only logical solution? Run in Zergs and get kills & assists by the numbers. MEH.To top that awful PvP system, the devs have created different kinds of PVP campaings. There is one for levels 1-50, one for maxed characters with no champion points, another for maxed characters WITH champion points (here you will discover how much unbalanced the game is), another that lasts 7 days and all of them have 1-3 extra duplicates of themselves!! Way to keep the community separated guys!!Finally, there are no PvE raids. So if you bought this game thinking you will do some PvP action, then you are screwed.If it wasn't for the insane lag+framerate drop+input lag in PvP, the game would worth a try, otherwise stay away, this is not playable."
76561198022896374,Not Recommended,306130,34407169,Posted: 21 August,all,matt83,"At first I really loved this game when I bought it. I was a long time player, and it was fantastic in 2014.However, recently the game has gone downhill. The level cap is absurdly high (Champion Point system), for which you will need to grind HUNDREDS of hours to compete with end game players. But this is just to compete. Every 3-6 months they change up the meta, so you need 3-4 different characters to stay competitive. You literally can't compete if you dont play 50 hours a week every month.I get this is an MMO, but this is extreme even for an MMO.This game is dead -- don't buy it. Trust me."
,Not Recommended,306130,35008366,Posted: 16 September,all,Dirty Doge,"This game is not fun, most of the quests are bad (usually fetch quests), the story isn't immersive at all, and grinding ain't fun.It *can* be fun with friends, but most of the actual good quests (main storyline) are solo dungeons.My friend also had to delete all other games so he could download this, and now we can no longer play other games until he re-downloads them.Also, download times suck."
,Not Recommended,306130,33974495,Posted: 2 August,all,rachhernandez,"To be honest, when I first played this game at the beginning of the year I fell in love with it. Yet, now I can't even get onto the game, I don't know where to report my issues so I guess I'll just semi complain on here so other people will be aware of the constant battle. Firstly, the never ending loading screens! I haven't been able to get past the first loading screen on this game for months, I don't get to picking my character. Secondly, the random loading screens you get in game, mid fight with a boss? It's okay there will be a loading screen there to ensure you have your butt kicked.Let's now go to memberships eh? I have this game which I also play on console Ps4. I purchased my membership and well guess who doesn't have access to anything and took my money!Honestly it's a good game, but you need to focus on small fixes instead of introducing larger DLCS to draw more and new people in, focus on the fans of the game you have first."
,Recommended,306130,24360379,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Whogoeswhere,Love the game A LOT. If you like a good mmo and you like the elder scrolls buy it
76561198076244219,Recommended,306130,24396689,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Spanky Despacho,It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
76561198034644349,Recommended,306130,25046116,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,暗い魂|Naoi,"Seems nice,but still lacks the Elder Scroll feel."
76561198048150340,Recommended,306130,24406030,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Tony™,Hands down one of the best MMO-s I have ever played.
76561198081060425,Not Recommended,306130,32081997,Posted: 31 May,all,seachingfour,"I did the beta for this game and it didn't work than. I $59.99 for the base game, now its $29.99, so I got cheated by The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel whatever. I do not get to see anything cool because I not spending tons of real money on this game. If you do not want to spend a lot of real money on this, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! Its a true waste of time. Although Skyrim I have spent over 1300 hours played, the difference is Skyrim is a epic level game and this is showing Elder Scrolls is just plain greedy, and greedy does not sell!"
,Recommended,306130,23454937,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Spooderman,"This is the only game that bethesda has made, that's actually playable. Im glad Zenimax took control of the studio and fixed  this franchise up. *thumbs up*"
76561198008251405,Not Recommended,306130,31138793,Posted: 14 April,all,Boanerges,"OK, this is it - I just do not try anymore to get this game working.Took 2 days to find out that I have to update the NVIDIA-drivers...Then it was installed and I was able to start the game yesterday evening.Made 1 char to have a look...Today I was happy to get into it... started the game via steam... game starts, music starts, log-in-screen shows up... and then... tries to connect but stops.""You need to start the game via steam"" the computer prompts me... ffs I DID START VIA STEAM...Never lost so much fun in playing a game... so I need to refund that crap"
76561198123705115,Recommended,306130,17044911,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Sadness,"48GB download top get the game then i click play and wait for a 15GB download to actually play the game, still waiting, this game better be godly or i will be vary angry that i wasted all this time."
,Recommended,306130,21114707,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,MmT.oZ,like skyrim with swords
76561198324885172,Not Recommended,306130,31412690,Posted: 28 April,all,Gaydar,"The problem with this game is the lack of options to play like you want to play, there is 33% chance you get a type of armor you prefer (Heavy, Medium or Light armor) because there is no way to set which armor type you want, so if youre unlucky, you will be forced to play with extremely underleveled gear or switch your playstyle.You can say ""Well you can just buy it off of other players and you're over exaggerating"" and so on, but thats either relying on other players to play the game and the game progression is based on luck.The classes are unbalanced and there is no diversity in playstyle because there is always that one best build and one best playstyle that beats everything else. And also the built in market in this game is dead, I was searching the market for light armor pieces to buy for level 37-41 and nothing came up.The classes are unbalanced and the game is full of DLC's, I dont think you can even attend proper PVP unless you pay more money.Don't buy this game."
76561198038953808,Not Recommended,306130,31470992,Posted: 30 April,all,mudpukket,"Where to begin...First bought this game when it came out circa 2014 – ran very occasionally before crashing on the hour every hour. Game play was just dull, group play would have party members vanishing or phasing out of existence. Go into town or city with more than 20 people in it and the servers would slow to a crawl then implode. Demanded a refund after 2 days of this.Now in 2017 – was persuaded by friends to give it another go. “Come back” they said “it’s much better now”.Have now downloaded and installed the game 3 full times. Refuses to run properly when launched from Steam (it just repeats an install cycle and nothing happens).Managed to get the game to finally load to the login screen to be told that my client version (on a freshly installed and fully patched) game is – out of date. Steam file verification process is useless, no way to perform a repair install as with just about any other game I’ve played other than to download the full game each time after the Steam “verification” process.5+ hours of website browsing to try and find a solution – lots of forum hints and tips tired nothing works, files tweaked, drivers updated, setting changed etc. Still won’t run properly, still can’t log in even on the rare occasion I manage to get to the game login screen.This was a buggy piece of trash when it came out and it’s a buggy piece of trash now. Save your money for a better quality game that doesn’t require hours of forum trawling to try and get it to work."
76561198157404746,Recommended,306130,18321968,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Weiners,10/10
76561198357395038,Not Recommended,306130,34012480,Posted: 4 August,all,kibblet04,i cant get unbanned (im permanently banned) but i only sold a few items and thats what it says its for i sold some aetherial dust faily don't get this as stupid unfair banns like this happen
,Recommended,306130,31108844,Posted: 12 April,all,jacob,pvp laggy
,Not Recommended,306130,34793500,Posted: 7 September,all,Apagando Las Luces,"Lots of bugs and error, always disconencted when loading new map and must repeatly relog to open the new area, and this issue haven't been fixed since first released,Total play: 1 hour in game, 2 hours relognot reccomended"
,Recommended,306130,18301494,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Teeny Warrior,"pros:like it alot!very fun charictors to chat toall the new weapon types and bringing back all the stuff from morrowindALL THE PROVINCES!!!!!!nice communityin total its a very good bright sidecons:just drops you into the middle of everything once u get finished with the toturialnot very orginizedcant help but say that the any race, any faction is super lore unfreindlyand why did they have to make the imperials a add-on?it took 10 hours of download!the cons may seem bad but i LOVE the game. its worth the 60 bucks!"
,Recommended,306130,21683332,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,e l l y  ☼,Awesome game to play with friends
76561198004363174,Recommended,306130,17989452,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,MoeMaynard,Buy it
,Recommended,306130,26724434,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Reichsführer Heinrich Himmler,"An utterly brilliant, amazing MMORPG. If you haven't picked it up, do so. Far better than any MMORPG on the market, with being equal to GW2 in my eyes.Great graphics, solid combat, and PvP to die for(Literally!)8/10."
,Recommended,306130,23744107,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,JallerGrum,"i want the imperial edition dlc, but already have purchase the gameHELP, how can i buy ONLY the imperial edition DLC?"
76561198116233110,Recommended,306130,29791693,Posted: 8 February,all,Major Rovinak,eh its pretty good i guess
76561198158885164,Recommended,306130,21758396,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,uchickenhorse,best online game ive ever paided for
,Recommended,306130,16165733,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Capoozii,<3
,Recommended,306130,16111316,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Prince Pringle Berry Abdullah,This game has ruined my social life and I almost want to quit my job just so I can level. I have owned the game for around 5 days and I have already logged more than 60 hours. Food and sleep are nothing but a distant memory to me and I do not regret it at all.  Thank you Based God!10/10
,Recommended,306130,20630569,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,KrazyBropofol,Almost done with Character Creation.
76561198095219087,Recommended,306130,22666053,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ELITE,Alot to download but Worth the wait to see more to download :l But its a fun game :D get it :D now :D and download it :D and play it :D Wtf i need friends that play this game :P I actually need friend IRL aswell
76561198155429613,Recommended,306130,18578130,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,kitchling,It's ok
76561198072344341,Recommended,306130,16101874,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dephinition,"Start the game, kill every npc in game 10/10"
76561198112874403,Recommended,306130,15847018,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Jedgar,.
,Recommended,306130,16078307,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Xeal,Improved. Nice game overall
,Recommended,306130,29643959,Posted: 1 February,all,The Thickness,meh
76561197984045509,Not Recommended,306130,31136130,Posted: 14 April,all,oPACMANo,never played a game with so much hack go to crafting table hacks come steal your stuff and the banks too had gold and items stolen they steal drops from mods that you kill too the bosses they spawn on boss when it spawns then kill it when you have been there waiting for it saying that waist a time realy when all you get is gold nothing else game run bye hack not the staff that you cannot speak too to report games a joke wished id never brout it.
76561197974312751,Not Recommended,306130,31127581,Posted: 13 April,all,pandadude,"Even for Bethesda, this game is ridiculously buggy. I played the game once a few months ago and did the intro/tutorial quest then quit to do something else. The game always froze whenever I tried logging in again. Recently I decided to give it another go. I can't progress past the character creation screen. I can't even finish designing a character (and FYI I don't usually spend hours making a perfect character, maybe 5mins, 10 mins max.) before the game gives me a generic error message and asking me to wait a few minutes. This has happened the last few days in a row and I'm ready to give up again. For the  money I spent on buying the game, at the very least I'd like to see what my finished character might look like, even if actually playing the game is too much to expect."
,Not Recommended,306130,32824808,Posted: 26 June,all,Dora The Gamer,"dont buy this game, ive got CP630 in 3 weeks by doing skyreach catacomb."
,Recommended,306130,31960836,Posted: 25 May,all,prograrona,UuuuuuuuuUUUUGH.my looooOOOOORREE!Still can't wait for Elder Scrolls VI: Skyrim II.
76561198006662592,Recommended,306130,17856064,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ceix,really good game
76561198100522540,Recommended,306130,32318470,Posted: 10 June,all,TheCloaked,Elder Scrolls Online is probably the BEST mmorpg out there. Very fun!
,Recommended,306130,31944241,Posted: 24 May,all,doodle,If you liked Skyrim you are gonna love ESO.
,Recommended,306130,34513681,Posted: 26 August,all,yes,Ok.
,Recommended,306130,32312703,Posted: 10 June,all,First Jungler,Good Game:D
,Not Recommended,306130,34591779,Posted: 29 August,all,waterbottles,"I've never played a more boring MMORPG.  I've seriously tried to like this game but the quests....OH the quests.... literally 95% of all the quests ive gotten so far (9 hoours in) have all been 'go talk to this person, then this person, then this person, then theres a dungeon but before and after u need to talk to these people 5 times!' like ♥♥♥♥.  I've been waiting for it to end BUT IT NEVER DOES!!!With the combat you can only have 5 abilities set at any given time...so thats not fun...honestly nothing about his game is very fun.  It's just brainless tedious quests over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over."
76561198304773611,Not Recommended,306130,34593374,Posted: 29 August,all,t.tv/SpiritSail,"I really did not enjoy my time with this game, the progression doesn't even feel remotely satisfying, the best items are desirable but take hundreds and hundreds of hours of miserable sidequests which feel like they were rushed and not much love put into them. Even though the graphics are good for the fps this game is just not enjoyable to play and I was disapointed to hear that I couldn't refund the game."
76561198018292879,Not Recommended,306130,34772310,Posted: 6 September,all,blasio83,"I enjoyed the game and dont want to go any deeper in that topic because I have around 12 hours in it which is not much.The resaon why I dont recomment it is the horrid ""support"" if we can call it that way.After a windows reinstall I tried to log in but forgot my password so I tried to reset. I couldnt so I made contact with the """"""""""""""""""""support"""""""""""""""""""" team.... oh boy.We did some exchange of letters. Maybe 20 times? And all the way they responded me pre-written answers Im sure of it because most of them did not even addressed my complains just told me to reset my password. Which was my main problem.I dont consider myself as a person who is lost on the internet but lets say I screwed up something obvious. But I dont think so. And I think it says something when you google ""elder scrolls online reset password"" keywords and on the first page you dont find answers but see complains about the same situation you have.My experience is that ZeniMax provides the bottom of what is called costumer support so I say keep away from this title."
76561198052094515,Not Recommended,306130,34744375,Posted: 4 September,all,Ochetar,"Has been downloading the launcher for 2 days now. After downloading the launcher, you eventually start downloading the game itself trough the launcer. After downloading i try to start the game and get a crash. Try verifying trough the launcher and after 30 mins, it starts downloading again. So after 'playing' 61 minutes i'm done and asked for my first refund..."
76561198177133371,Not Recommended,306130,34737014,Posted: 4 September,all,Sharkanoh,"Ok. I'm gonna give it to you straight. This game is terrible and fun at the same time. The variety of classes is very small (Yes there is the subclass but even then there isn't much). The mechanics can be clunky and the pvp is just♥♥♥♥♥♥ The storyline is ok, can't complain much about it. I realise that I have only played this game a little bit but that's all i need to know that I shouldn't play this game. Too bad I can't get a refund."
76561198085449396,Recommended,306130,16575223,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Beer.exe,"I was a Nord Dragonknight with rags! Then i find a skeleton near a cliff with a tankard,and a full set of armor and axe!10/10 this guy will be remembered!   BTW the game is AWESOME!"
76561198030322126,Not Recommended,306130,17949550,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,roy1951,"Well, after 47 Hours & counting of downloading Updates to Defenations, I thing I want my money Back....   Went to Support page. Followed instructions to the letter, But no still no game!!!!!!!! All I get is MORE Updates......... Some one please explain how to get past this problem.   Thanks to any help       At this time I would not recomend this game! !!!"
76561198068520584,Recommended,306130,20224929,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Audiophile,Love the game so fari recommend it other than i was gonna play with my friend and if you choose the wrong alliance you cant play witht them. then i made another guy and i didnt know it was colums and limited to 3 races in those alliances so i was tryig to be a breton cause i always am and i kept getting confused how i was still in the same alliance. then i figured it out when my friend told me and i had to be a dark elf (im magic) so thats the only real thing i ran intot hat was a♥♥♥♥♥♥off lol other then that i though i wouldnt like the game cause it not really skyrim at all more of adiffrent path. but i love the game and ill be spending much more time on this game indeed.
,Recommended,306130,20999406,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mr.Dot.,Good game
76561198030832113,Not Recommended,306130,20104609,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,arrlain,"Simply said, this game has some major issues when it comes to staying logged in, or getting logged on at all...If you dont mind being kicked out of the game randomly and unreliable login, some huge lag issues... well it is holidays after all, and players volume might be higher than usual, but both US and EU servers are clogged. Not to mention they require separate downloads of over 30GB each...If you can get over these issues though, it is not a bad game. Hopefuly it will improve in the future, though the lag issues are lagging - got the pun? - for quite while according to forums."
76561197973488854,Not Recommended,306130,20309046,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,DeadMan,BAD!
,Not Recommended,306130,21142465,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Joca,"Lots of bugs, conecting errors and problems. More than a full year with the same issues, same posts and the same distant and unnefective answers from the channels of comunications for bug reports.The game crashes, stop working, stuck, and nothing,  nobody, anywere, anytime seems to care about the people who are buying a game, paying subscriptions and are being kept offline from it because of the very own game problems.Hundreds os posts on the internet reporting the same issues, and the company (and Steam) still giving the same excuses and blaming our machines.DON'T BUY THIS! Wait for them to finish it and stop with the toying they are doing with us players.Go for a real work from real people who really cares about the customers who pay for their work.And, yes, of course it's working for a lot of people. But several said that, with the time, bugs comes. And then, when it's with you, forget about your money or game. Nobody cares. Nobody will fix it.First time EVER that I REALLY wanted my money back."
76561197987163544,Not Recommended,306130,17365640,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Buckarama,"Seemingly I can't find a way to cancel the monthly charge. I have to go the steam client (I think, it's never stated anywhere that I can find) Just going to the games Web site it doesn't recignize my username or password. So I'm just calling the bank to today to make sure they dont' accept anymore charges from this company.The game is pretty mediocre. Play the free version if you're bored."
,Not Recommended,306130,17375445,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Ricethin,"Tons of technical issues on Windows 10.  Machine runs other games seamlessly.  This stutters, screams audio clicking and snapping, freezes, crashes, and just generally doesn't work.Probably got about 40 minutes of acutal time into the game - maybe less.  What I did play was alright.  Will be requesting a refund :("
,Not Recommended,306130,19790081,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,DEFIANT,"This game if painfully average. Carrying the Elder Scrolls name is all that I feel may be holding the game up, it is certainly the only reason I bothered to buy the game.GOOD = Strong, fun and engaging leveling system coupled with a fairly nice combat system were the only strong points to this game. The PVP was pretty good, but as I am not one to enjoy PVP all that much this was of no real use to me.BAD = The looting, weak economic system and purchase to enjoy type in game store ruined it. Has some fairly Average Graphics, to some times very weak Graphics... especially for an Elder Scrolls game. Also the Questing/PVE with friends system is utterly broken and absurd. There is no real questing together, it is mostly you and your friend or friends questing single player, but just happening to be able to see each other in game. Often there I found my self dreading other players helping or even just joining in a battle at the last moment. Another note on questing, it became very monotonous, and much like busy work. Also weak traveling options aside from the outrageously expensive mounts made questing a chore. Battles, in game story quest, boss fights and the like were very often anti-climatic. Like I mentioned loot was appallingly weak, spending lots of time on a quest to end up killing a boss and be reward 2-3 gold was very frustrating and made me regret doing stuff. Battles for towns consisting of fairly weak enemy numbers and friendly NPCs that would stand around doing nothing... Compared to what the trailers and previews for the game would make it seem like were almost a spit in the face from the developers. It seemed like they spent more time making the advertising for the game almost more enjoyable than the game play and story line its self.For now it is not a subscription based game which is good because that was one of the only things that made me willing to buy. This game is nowhere near 60 or even 80 dollars, especially when your going to find yourself after having played it feeling like you need to spend more on the in game store just to enjoy it. Also at that price for such an average game is not worth it. Do your self a favor and if you absolutely must get this game like I did being a big Elder Scrolls fan, wait till its on sale. Other wise I suggest finding another MMORPG, there are some very good ones that are also non-subscription based games you should look into."
76561198087933931,Not Recommended,306130,20596971,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kuthvir,"just loads and loads. can rarely get to launvh properly. when it does, the game is just dull and grindy. lacks immersion"
76561197974162711,Not Recommended,306130,22625942,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,zer0,"I can't play the game due to a well-known memory leak.  Spent my ""three hours of gametime"" patching the game every time a patch came out hoping that they would fix it.  Alas, the memory leak still makes this game unplayable.  Tried every fix I could find on Google.  Tried to get a refund, but Steam won't refund it.  Haven't made it out of the tutorial zone because the game crashes every five minutes."
76561198035808475,Recommended,306130,15755341,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Señor JOPPY,nice mmo and lots of content just sad that if you have completed an area where the stuff changes when you do and you want to help your friend in that area you cant since he's not gotten that far yet and can first be helped when he's at the same point at you in the quest :/
,Not Recommended,306130,16938752,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,zombieVegas ;),"im a big fan of MMORPG's, and i liked many games with this genre, but for now for me TESO is actually offline game, that gives only little amount of possibilities to cooperate with other players. No arenas or battlegrounds, which should be included in any game, where many people are involved. Also quest system is created mostly for solo game, there's no solid advantage or comfort to play with friend. I like TES, and i think that every game from this collection was pretty good. But for TESO, as a MMORPG, i dont see solid multiplayer part, so dont think that it can challenge any other classical MMORPGTL DR : Pick other MMORPG or play Morrowind ;)"
76561198030671795,Not Recommended,306130,17328874,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,mauricebuddingh,"This may be an awesome game, but I will never know. I have had it for over a week but cannot get it to launch.  I have been dealing with Zenimax technical support with no success. They cannot find any reason why it does not work. My system exceeds the recommended requirements by a considerable margin. I have loaded exception and exclusions on my antivirus and firewall, deactivated all my security programs, reset my hosts file and performed a clean boot. I have provided Zenimax with a Game Consultant diagnostic, which they have analyzed and given the all clear. Yet I am still stuck. On attempting to launch the game via either Steam or the icon on my desktop, I get a brief dialogue stating the 'Elder Scrolls Online is preparing to install'. The progress bar runs to 100%, and then nothing. I have noticed others also reporting the same and other similar issues over the last few days. Clearly there is some new issue that Zenimax is unaware of that is affecting at least a handful of users. I would recommend steering clear of this game until they work it out. Personally I have given up, requesting Steam for a refund. I run hundreds of other games and applications without issue. ESO sets a new benchmark, but for all the wrong reasons."
76561198041770796,Not Recommended,306130,17513485,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,rbryan,"OMG.  Buggier than WoW, customer support worse than Dell!  What a waste of money; no game should be this much work just to get it to work"
,Not Recommended,306130,17521980,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Nyxie,"I wouldn't recommend this game at all. I spent almost 2 days trying to fix a patching error that so many people have been having. I finally fixed it after hours of googling. However, once I finally got into the game after logging onto my account, I had to wait at the waiting screen for almost a half hour until I closed it and relaunched the game. After almost a hour and a half I was able to make a character and get throught the little tutorial. I got off for a little bit because I was going to go to sleep. I couldn't sleep so I had gotten back on to play more when I was sitting there waiting almost a half hour for the loading screen again. I googled this issue and it says that so many people, recetly too, are having problems getting into the game. Especially people with expensive and amazing gaming computers that also pay monthly to be set in a higher priority queue can't get on. I'd say save your money or buy a different game. I will only buy this game again once the issue is fixed and it would be on a PS console. Sad, I was so looking forward to this game honestly."
76561198111056275,Recommended,306130,17527280,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Billy,it is an okay game it has great combat but the leveling is to slow knowone wants to spend 500 hours leveleing
76561198183222081,Not Recommended,306130,17647816,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,thejoker2654,okay im gonna start with the cons this game is really good now that u dont have to pay the mothly subscribtion fee is it worth 60 idk i waited for a sale but the good things many player get to play with friends a beautiful world and landscape weapons and skills are awesome but thats as far as it goes for me things i hate the fact that there is so little money u get from the world u would get lucky to get more than 1 gold for every enemy u kill and they try to hide this by for example say  you are fighting a group of enemys non will drop♥♥♥♥♥♥but the one at the end will drop a gold peice for each one not to mention how u need a damn horse in this game so bad especally in pvp if u dont want this to be a walking simulartor.if u have the time to farm that much to get a horse then go ahead maybe this game would be funner if you were to get the imperial edditon i dont know. and the fact that some quest make you spend your own money when the game bearly gives you any is dumb that is what really anoyed me about this game aka this feels like a pay to win
76561198012573314,Not Recommended,306130,19592371,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,areomatic,I sincerly regret purchasing this game. I haven't been able to play it after purchasing it on steam. I doubt I ever will.
76561198057986477,Not Recommended,306130,20001651,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Sherif ★,ive spent four hours on the launcher trying to get it to play the game i paided for
76561198232591148,Not Recommended,306130,20054101,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Seriously_Gay,"I have spent I solid DAY trying to get this thing working and every bit of advice I have come across is for X-box, Playstation 4, and Mac, literally EVERYTHING OTHER THAN what I am using. It says I have palyed htis game for five hours but ohohoho, nohohoho I haven't. In fact, I haven't seen the character creator screen yet! That's right, I have been stuck on the launch screen for 5 HOURS.I would not recommend this if you have Windows 10, or Windows in general, but if you got a console or a Mac go right ahead. This review is coming from a guy who, despite all of the negative reviews, STILL bought the game to see if they held any REAL truth, and I cannot say, because I have had this game for three days and have not been able to play it."
,Not Recommended,306130,20103964,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MalBear,cant conect to the controll to play
,Not Recommended,306130,20130823,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,țestoasarapidă,"I bought this game with MANY MANY hopes. I decided to do not listen to ALL my friends advices. After a 30 Gb Steam downloading and another 30 Gb updating the launcher pain, the game doesn't even starts. Just a black screen with the loading mouse on it. I've tried everything from the internet, but nothing.Because of that 30 Gb f♥♥♥♥♥g update, I have now 5 hours of gameplay, so I can't return the game anymore.Well, at least I got 0,09€/tarding card, however this doesn't improve at all the HUGE disappointment I got from this game."
76561198045346476,Not Recommended,306130,20183225,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,President Eggman,"I had high hopes for this game, i really wanted it to be fun, but it simply wasnt.After coughing up $40 during a sale, i expected an intence elder scrolls MMO, but it wasnt an MMO, it feels more like a watered down, single player elder scrolls where theres a bunch of people running around stealing resources, farming bosses (you have to at least hurt the boss to count as you killing it, meaning if a lot of people are there, a quest might be unbeatable), and stealing all the loot. Only a few countrys are avalible, in fact, only one is compleate, and its extremly dull and looks the same as the rest of the country. Oh but dont worry, they'll get around to finishing the other lands, just cough up another $60 please!"
76561198049906324,Not Recommended,306130,21024856,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Slant,Crashes too much
,Not Recommended,306130,21962507,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Loboramdk,"After having played Bethesda's games for years and enjoyed it I thought that the torch would be handed to a worthy and capable company to carry on the legacy of Bethesda. HOWEVER I am extremely sad to say that this company is NOT worthy of the legacy and perverting the game as in Elder Scrolls Online is to belittle all of the previous company's work and effort.There is Nothing about this game that links it to its predecessors unless you count the ""world story"" which is quite nice and has many of the elements of the older games, but it is far from enough to make up for the fact that this game is a parody of Elder Scrolls.In the old games you would often find yourself so immersed in the game that you could literally jump in your seat from something unexpected happening in the game but it just doesn't happen here at all because it simply lacks the immersion factor of the older games.Factors that detract the most and make the game really bad:The characters, creatures and NPCs all have a BOX of graphics protection which means that your character occupies all the space inside the box although the box is bigger than the character, which makes movement clumsy and bulky. No more sneaking around and finding the best possible way into somewhere because there is NO other way in now, only one path exists and climbing is not even part of the game.Skill system and combat has been reduced to pretty much what you can expect from ANY other MMO, so it is extremely simplified and easy to use but offers NO real options or customization. It really doesn't matter much how you try to fight because in this game it is either very easy to complete something or very nearly impossible to without help.Crafting system and economy in general leaves the game again wanting because of simplification and ease of usage takes precedence over functionality and customization.Last but not least this new company is out to make money and it is not being shy about it either so if you are a poor person like me this game will only leave you cursing at rich spoiled people who just buy all they need ingame and don't have to work for it like I do, which of course leads to huge game unbalance between the have and the have nots.Please Zenimax, give this game back to the original company and give them a try at making this a game I would like to play..."
,Recommended,306130,28380078,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Xeroxinator,"Initially, I gave this game a negative review due to its theme park feel. The immersion is not as deep as previous Elder Scrolls  games. Strangely, after putting this game down for almost a year and coming back to it about a week ago, it has me hooked.However, the real reason I am updating my review is not because of any miraculous change in game play or experience (although both feel improved). No, the real reason I'm giving this game a thumbs up is because of Michael Gambon. :)10/10 for hearing Dumbledore's voice as the Prophet."
,Recommended,306130,34020990,Posted: 4 August,all,.мистэчэ,What they did with this game..? ITS GORGEOUS!
76561198184224647,Not Recommended,306130,31189538,Posted: 16 April,all,GFX,"First of all, my system requirements meet the RECOMMENDED specifications, yet I have to play at the lowest settings with low FPS. Second of all, I cannot play my god damn favorite race of the TES franchise (the imperials) because I'd have to pay additional 16$ to unlock it. My internet speed is decent, 15 mb/s with a ping of 70, however I lag so much at this game... I think it's simply badly optimized for PC."
76561198162283167,Recommended,306130,15042974,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Dawnstar,"Cant play!! when i get to the main menu, it wont let me log in by saying my account info is incorrect. I am not doing it wrong, plz help!"
76561198328698342,Recommended,306130,29314828,Posted: 17 January,all,D e [M] o N,its a good game.good graphics.good game ply..good anything..but one thing that makes me angry is the numbers .... what did i mean ?? ...i mean the number of any thing in game are so big ....like ..i am lvl 15 and my hp is 15000 ........! my damge is 11000.........my armor is 8000 ...what happen if i reach lvl 50 ...i think it will be like 99999999 hp and 99999999 damge ..............! its can semply be like 20 armor and 500 hp ......it will be better like that.....this is the only problem i found...not a problem for all .but form me its makes me so mad.....!
,Recommended,306130,16371089,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Lord Bradshaw90,"Excellent game, love this game, best Elder Scroll game besides Skyrim hahaUPDATE several months later...game is ok, got old real fast and not even fun now."
,Recommended,306130,16870290,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Methfred,"its ok, combat is dope, it looks sick, connection is always good. Stuff its need, pvp arena, lvl 10's in pvp should be weaker than lvl 40's otherwise wtf is the point on getting new gear and lvling. pvp should not scale everyone the same legit worst ♥♥♥♥♥ a game can do for pvp, dc universe did it and now look at that the pvp server on that game is dead, u se no more than 2 people every hour, pvp is for ganking low lvls who dont have gear or people who dont know what armors and wepons to use, not making it so everyone is the same and its fair thats just bs. skyrim was funner even offline this game is worth 30$ tops, if i didnt give all my items away on neverwinter i would play that and thats free and its not even open world."
76561197994300214,Not Recommended,306130,17253875,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,TheRealBilleh,"At the moment i cant give a clear recommendation because i still cant get on this stupid game, hence the negative review, after downloading and patching the imperial edition, hours and hours upon waiting on a slow internet, it doesnt even load, verify the cache to find out i need to download anouther 48 GB which may not even fix my problem, frustrated isnt the word."
,Recommended,306130,17294326,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,TURBO,Love the Elder Scrolls aspect of the game.Love the idea of an elder scrolls mmo.Could've been so much better. Still very worth playing.8/10
,Recommended,306130,26796611,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AlterRektMLG,"JUST 5 MORE MINUTES AND YOU PROBABLY MISS YOUR JOB, COLLEGE, SCHOOL, STUDIES.ABANDON LIFE?"
,Recommended,306130,28318383,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Macbeth Plisskin The Cat,Me and my band of sneaky khajiit friends are robbing all those pesky citizens of tamriel!
,Recommended,306130,31592607,Posted: 6 May,all,Borrowing Kellzebub's Machine,I mean you're playing Elder Scrolls online what more can I say lol
76561198298932564,Recommended,306130,29809307,Posted: 9 February,all,█▓▒░ENDER░▒▓█,i love stuff like elder scrolls so im going to give it a thumbs up but i cant launch game any more which welp sucks
76561198317566134,Recommended,306130,29810345,Posted: 9 February,all,N7DarkLord61,it wont start
76561198348502441,Recommended,306130,31032142,Posted: 8 April,all,ladyziero,am upset the fact i purchased this game and i cant run it on my pc so i asked for a refund cause i cant afford new laptop and steam refused and denied me it looks like a really fun game and i would love to play it but my pc isnt compatable with it
76561198144184017,Not Recommended,306130,18230482,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,MojoJojo42,Crashed consisently. Won't even let me play.
,Recommended,306130,28027851,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Brian,best mmorpg
,Recommended,306130,24396086,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,ↁuckling,My experience with ESO was wonderful but when I bought it I had to wait 20 hours for the original install and when that finished i had to wait another 5 hours just for a secondary install. Then when i finally got in after the extensive and sometimes broken loading screens I had framerate issues and one crash and broke my audio making me have to reset my PC. But these where my issues at the start and more I play the game the less the issues occure. It might have afew bugs and issues here and there but its still a wonderful game and even better if playing with friends.
,Recommended,306130,26395277,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Daniel.Drache,Great game
,Recommended,306130,29978206,Posted: 16 February,all,The Listener,WoW and Skyrim meet.
76561198037567013,Recommended,306130,26651683,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,bubu,It is real fun. Just login for an hour everyday. Real worth it
76561198125000231,Recommended,306130,31238211,Posted: 19 April,all,TheGriffin,"Very good MMO, nothing like skyrim but that's good because skyrim isn't an MMO.Don't know why it has so many bad reviews.In my opinion it's better the WoW and TSW.(I'm still new to the game so if you got any tips leave them down below!)Have a good day!"
,Recommended,306130,21921455,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Master0fBlunt,"It's exactly what most people think it is, Skyrim, with the option to join a guild, or just group up and help each other quest. I personally love it, the only gripe I have is the same gripe I have with any other MMO: in game currency is way too hard to acquire, and anything noteworthy costs your entire bankroll in-game. If you do decide to get this game, it is a bit of a grinder but it's not that bad. It's still plenty fun and playable whilst not having all ""Legendary"" equipment and weapons lol. I suggest buying the games' DLC outright using crowns, instead of getting the paid membership. You'll save a TON of money. The only benefit of the membership is they give you a couple crowns to use towards their micro (well more like massive) in-game transactions, i.e. Exp scrolls, mounts, etc. If you love The Elder Scrolls, then please give it a try. Btw the minimum requirements for this game should say ""TI-83 Graphing Calculator"", because I could seriously run this on a Mac II, so fantastic job by the devs on that aspect..."
,Recommended,306130,24605840,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Tundra,great game
76561198151496312,Recommended,306130,25434020,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,PiPi,love it.
76561198107374203,Not Recommended,306130,27355326,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fiddler crab,didnt catch me off the bat which led me to dislike it. i got it for 10 bucks and regret it
76561198053604069,Not Recommended,306130,27908553,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jeeves The Goosifix,"""This game didnt work. Launcher didnt start, and therefore game wouldnt open."" -MistMasterWorked ok for me though"
,Not Recommended,306130,28029921,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Haxxxor man X 911,"Don't you hate it when you play a game so great that time passes you by without you even noticing. Well forget about that sheety feeling with this boring repettitive re-skin for Runescape while you complete fetch quest after fetch quest followed with a mediocre voice acting. Did you loved the gameplay mechanichs, the graphic style and the general ambient feeling of the original games? Well have none of that with this generic click smasher-equipment driven-lvl aimed excuse of a game.Now seriously, if you're looking for an elder scrolls game with an online aspect don't go for this. This is just a Generic MMORPG with TES lore where you don't even need to interact with other players."
76561198024664009,Not Recommended,306130,28303168,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,SinisterPony,"It feels a little bit too pay to play, not win, just play. i get that is a style for MMOs but as someone who has played them a great deal i didnt enjoy it. you either go the world of warcraft route, make bi annual large expansions and some in game items you can buy (only mounts and pets things that arent important). or you go the F2p P2W style, make the MMORPG free to play but to get further you must put installments in to proceed further, and typically have a in-game currecny for purchase. both have pros and cons;but ESO goes somewhere in the middle charging 30-40 dollars and then requiring the subsequent purchases on small expansions that dont feel worth it at all. it has tell tale signs of a wow mmo, offering a subscription for the expansion, but it doesnt feel like they are worth it. they feel like the housing DLC from skyrim. Gameplay and atmosphere is quite solid however. to me though, the game doesnt act like it values your time, there are several levels missing that make succesful MMOs like wow feel alot more alive and not just a cash grab. paying for a dark brotherhood questline? i dont care how good the quest is, things like world of warcraft add an entire new continent, levels, classes, races, gameplay changes. you just dont get the same level of love in these dlcs. you could argue the other way because they are slightly more frequent but they just dont feel even worth buying."
76561198053720624,Not Recommended,306130,28106629,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,The Prophet,"Dont Buy this game,first at all the game stuck at hero select and then kicked you out to the main screen,then ESO customer  support will not attend you and the♥♥♥♥♥♥of steam will not refund you for a game did not want to function properly only because i have a few hours more than max cap for refunding limit hour,i♥♥♥♥♥♥in all personal steam's stuff"
76561198060674643,Not Recommended,306130,30066714,Posted: 20 February,all,Saxton Hale,"Listen, this game is ok. I don't regret buying it but...the quests are vauge there is only 1 way in doing stuff and it's nothing like KSyrim, maybe I'll play it again when all of TAmriel is done but for now I can't. And I wont refund it becuase it is a bit fun and I don't want to cheat the devopers out of their money."
,Not Recommended,306130,30345456,Posted: 5 March,all,ASSHOLE,This game is terrible. You can't even play it.The game is plagued with unresponsive login servers that zenimax seems to ignore no matter how many times they get told it's happening.I want my money back.
76561198036423482,Not Recommended,306130,30451411,Posted: 11 March,all,Moto,Was looking for a good MMORPG to play with my wife afte rwe got bored with Final Fantasy AAR.  This game was disapointing and dull.  Story content was poor and quests were uninspired.
76561198163093855,Not Recommended,306130,26227457,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,CRYTH3R,"Really wanted to play this game unfortunately after the big download and the login and i'd just finished making my character it would always just log me out no matter how many times I tried so I could play the game, had to refund this game. Im not saying dont buy this game but be warned this game may not run because of the bug that still remian in the game"
76561198233552992,Not Recommended,306130,28109279,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,︻芫═─Astro─═芫︻,I bought this game to play with my friends since we are always on different quest we never play together all i seem to do is running around in circles and hardly any fighting and since my name Baiiz has been banned for being a sexual name i tried to talk to them about it but all i get told is it sexual  name i tried to explain and got no reply only that your name now permanently changed to ILoveUnicorns i am over this joke of a game you pay money for a game then SUPPORT mocks you
,Not Recommended,306130,28513035,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Slideshow,"ESO lore doesn't really coincide with the already established lore of the Elder Scrolls. Alliances between mortal enemies were formed and with just that a lot of people were turned off. Now with One Tamriel, you can group up with your rival faction, but only in PvE.It's not Morrowind/Oblivion/Skyrim Online.Inventory is not slot-based, not weight-based.You can't join every faction introduced in the Elder Scrolls series like the Great Houses or the Morag Tong. Thieves Guild and Dark Brotherhood are behind a paywall.Dark elves are selling horses instead of guar for mounts.Game is fun for the most part. PvP has major issues.People who revel in achievements will have a blast. You can unlock costumes, pets and novelt items. You can even customize your armor's color anytime. It's just that most colors need to be unlocked by getting achievements. They range from♥♥♥♥♥♥easy to ♥♥♥♥ my life.Crown store prices are *rubs hands*Think of the game as a spin-off rather than a prequel and the game automatically becomes better. Not great, just better.Summary:If you've loved the Elder Scrolls series since Battlespire and Arena then don't buy this game. If you do love the Elder Scrolls series and still want to try this then treat this as another game that's in no way related to the series except in name.The first two hours of play time Steam tracks is loading screens nd the main menu.Buy the Gold Edition when it goes >=50% off.Vvardenfell is coming at a way later patch."
76561198045208429,Not Recommended,306130,27274247,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KlonoaKiat,"some player from malaysia and Romania cant login sometime , server said that connection time is out ,but we bought the game for fun , if we cant play whatever time we want , how to having a fun ? we fail to login time is about 12am~5amplease take this to be a serious problem ......."
,Recommended,306130,26748382,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,HEAD,"Awesome game, I love this game"
76561198090323902,Recommended,306130,23300514,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Ducktator,good game but updates take WAAAAAAAAAAAY too long and I don't have a very good computer so it takes around like 5 -6 hours to complete
,Recommended,306130,30602743,Posted: 18 March,all,King Of Laggy Games,this game is quite ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
76561198272057481,Recommended,306130,20174857,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BOT csgoboss.com,"The videos make the game look really fun, but I can't even log in. It says EOS error, how can I fix this."
76561198113626031,Recommended,306130,20618567,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,galileex,The Bestest game i have ever played so far...... and i think the bestest game i ever found on steam
76561198166738590,Recommended,306130,23539607,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,aidamnn,I can play this all day
,Recommended,306130,24115585,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Veiko86,Very Good and Funny
,Recommended,306130,28188128,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Joseph Stalin,"Good MMORPG, 8/10, definitely recommend."
,Recommended,306130,23594276,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dreadlord Jaina,THESE GHOSTS NEED HELP - the game
,Recommended,306130,31156419,Posted: 15 April,all,[RG]Ango,Tis Gud Yis
76561198026984916,Recommended,306130,26684496,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Gary Hydra,"GOOD GAME ,BUT WE NEED CHINESE"
,Recommended,306130,26741272,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,♋[Pumkmine]♋,GG
76561198163332119,Recommended,306130,31270838,Posted: 21 April,all,Sahvoz Viing,good game
,Recommended,306130,31270279,Posted: 21 April,all,Bukake Iraqi,"If you love stroking the big fat♥♥♥♥♥♥of capitalism, then this is the game for you"
76561198011886852,Recommended,306130,23850018,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SnowManBear,Saw a bear next to the river.
76561198079126725,Recommended,306130,23848999,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Doctor Faggot,Broke into ladies lockboxShe called the gaurds so i killed herI started fighting the gaurd and other players were healing mei got away10/10 would break into that ladies lockbox again
,Recommended,306130,20482292,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,StillTheTrueCuck,"This is a great game, but it has alot of hate."
,Recommended,306130,20020492,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Alien006,"For Badge 8). Also its fun to play too, steal at the begging for money."
,Recommended,306130,33077300,Posted: 1 July,all,I ♥ Pankaj,"If you like updates every 10 minutes, then you will love this game"
,Recommended,306130,25592029,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,CJBlackout,Good.
,Recommended,306130,26736116,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ladykiller_,"This game is brilliant fun.Only one thing i dont like is that all quests are solo instances, so if your in a group you have to do the quests at the same time. Not the best.9.5/10Menus and everything are very simple for an MMO. nice graphics as well."
,Recommended,306130,27522956,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,⭐🅲🆁🅰🆂🆂⭐,"Directions1. Cook noodles according to package directions; drain. Meanwhile, in a Dutch oven, cook sausage, beef and onion over medium heat 8-10 minutes or until meat is no longer pink, breaking up meat into crumbles. Add garlic; cook 1 minute. Drain.2. Stir in tomatoes, tomato paste, water, sugar, 3 tablespoons parsley, basil, fennel, 1/2 teaspoon salt and pepper; bring to a boil. Reduce heat; simmer, uncovered, 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.3. In a small bowl, mix egg, ricotta cheese, and remaining parsley and salt.4. Preheat oven to 375°. Spread 2 cups meat sauce into an ungreased 13x9-in. baking dish. Layer with three noodles and a third of the ricotta mixture. Sprinkle with 1 cup mozzarella cheese and 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese. Repeat layers twice. Top with remaining meat sauce and cheeses (dish will be full).5. Bake, covered, 25 minutes. Bake, uncovered, 25 minutes longer or until bubbly. Let stand 15 minutes before serving. Yield: 12 servings."
,Recommended,306130,26705189,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Salmonella Sam,It's fixed so go ahead
,Recommended,306130,26704510,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,anthony_stratton,"I have been playing this game since Beta, and thanks to the free weekend I finally added it to my Steam account as well.  haha. I love the PVE in this game and have tried the PVP a number of times.  I prefer the PVE but do have fun when PVPing.  I recommend this game to any TES fan, as well as to anyone who simply enjoys a good Open worlder.  Great game!"
,Recommended,306130,31189002,Posted: 16 April,all,Hensley💦,Not remotely close to the enjoyeability of GW2 but has very nice visuals.
76561198106375937,Not Recommended,306130,31763343,Posted: 14 May,all,blueboy,endless downloads and repairs but game doesn't even open
,Recommended,306130,16916707,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Wilson1,♥♥♥♥ing great game! Top purchase
,Recommended,306130,32720034,Posted: 24 June,all,SuesUX #pvpro.com,"Good one, but, for me, Skyrim physics is better. :)This game, still playable."
,Recommended,306130,28635312,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ShrekTheRapist,This is one of the best games! #worth!!
,Recommended,306130,23126360,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,The Grimm King,♥♥♥♥piss of sheit
,Recommended,306130,21832063,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Hyouke,Best MMORPG had ever played.%102 Worth
,Recommended,306130,24000404,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Chewybumnz,pre solid
,Recommended,306130,28632545,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Max Wang,I have no life anymore...
,Recommended,306130,31189217,Posted: 16 April,all,「 A 」,Pretty fun I guess.
,Recommended,306130,26738333,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,GhostAssassin47,I Love this game it like playing Skyrim it was awesome! XD
,Recommended,306130,28697612,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sintrome,Just like Elder Scrolls Skyrim! LOVE IT!
76561198018844360,Recommended,306130,17955556,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,TheOldMan,"perfect mmo game, also nice team game."
76561198367724115,Recommended,306130,31202877,Posted: 17 April,all,UxoriousNav,Fun to playFun to play with friendsFun bosses to battleFun MMOI highly recommend it if you like MMO RPG games
76561198130796371,Recommended,306130,26565770,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The Shitbag Soldier,China.
76561198035712462,Recommended,306130,25556222,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Reaper,Open World
,Recommended,306130,20012156,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,##,"Was doing a seige on some hold in CyrodiilOnly one player holding the fort, and like 50 NPCsAttacked the guy as he went up to a watchtowerFalls off and dies of fall damageWe take the fort10/10"
76561198075799104,Recommended,306130,26754438,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Kwanele Babafemi Makumba Bongani,"Nice story and group dungeons, Especially with friends who bully you and call you a ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Graphics aren't too bad either. Be sure to verify account right after you make it though because it's quite a pain to do it later if you forget your password."
,Recommended,306130,20814589,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Phnjx,best mmo ever
,Recommended,306130,29428258,Posted: 22 January,all,Kiasta,"I want to love this game, but I don't. I've played quite a lot of it. I even have a Max level character (still grinding champion levels). They made a ton of changes that don't make sense to me at all. First they removed the purpose of having levels by making every single mob scale to your level and removing the fun out of leveling. Second they have an extrmely limited amount of skills you have at your disposal. I don't know if this is supposed to make it easier to play for children or what the purpose this was.This is onle an Elder Scrolls game in name and lore. Everything else about it is a disappointment. Why would you take away everything that makes an elder scrolls game an elder scrolls game? Why would you create actuall classes? And limit the players based on the chosen class? Why the hell would you even call this an elder scrolls game? I played it and enjoyed it for what it was but it's definitely no elder scrolls game. I still recommend the purchase, it's a fun game but if you are looking for an elder scrolls online game this is not it. This is a sham... a money grab to true fans."
,Recommended,306130,31449330,Posted: 29 April,all,ZoruaXStar,It's pretty okayish
,Recommended,306130,31605335,Posted: 7 May,all,coffeekid1,Is ESO a good game: NoIs ESO fun to play: yes
76561198092517885,Not Recommended,306130,31166637,Posted: 15 April,all,Ydawg Schmeckels,"graphics ehh, interface with other players ehhh, story ehhh...."
,Recommended,306130,31876482,Posted: 20 May,all,Titan Status,"launcher after download, play button doesnt work, reinstalled twice and i have it for xbox one wtf is going on?"
,Recommended,306130,31639056,Posted: 8 May,all,✪TacticalJutJut ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,i didnt play this game that much lol aw well got to go to a different game dododo dooooooo
76561198334859424,Recommended,306130,31604073,Posted: 7 May,all,Balls!,Y did this game more expensive than the gold edition???
76561198064595285,Recommended,306130,31516314,Posted: 2 May,all,Chopper,Great Game! Solid 5/7
76561198117236177,Recommended,306130,31473088,Posted: 30 April,all,walop,a great game for elder scrolls fans.
76561198081175064,Recommended,306130,31506185,Posted: 2 May,all,Buperd,♥♥♥♥ing patch manifest ♥♥♥♥in error man. Good game but the launcher has some problems. buy it when its on sale. :(
,Recommended,306130,31507762,Posted: 2 May,all,KirbyHatesGays,"I also bought this on my xbox, I don't even play on it."
,Recommended,306130,31529599,Posted: 3 May,all,Midren,"This game is the first elder scrolls game to be taken as an MMO, and thus its bugs shine out.However overall there are alot of good gameplay elements, and the game (for me at least) was able to keep my attention long enough in order for me to completely max a character level wise. The end game grind, while long, was not boring and wasent necissary in order to have a good time.However the end game can get a bit stale after a time, and needs a few more options to be added in order to the game to hold up as well as some other MMO end games.Now onto the FTP model. This is one of the best models i have seen, as everthing in the shop is either cosmetic, or obtainable (Excluding things like crown foods and mimic stones, which have counterparts that do similar things). The shop doesnt give an extreme advantage to those that have money to blow on the game, and a person can play with only buying the game and DLC while running into no roadblocks. Without DLC the only real roadblocks you have are with dungeons, and any gear in them is avaliable at shops.Overall it is a fairly good MMO, with a mild end game and a great FTP option. Thumbs up"
,Recommended,306130,26740982,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,neb,"Verified game cashe cuz i was having infinite loading screens.Now i have to redownload all 57 GB on WiFi, thanks :)Other than taht bs its not bad, played it a bunch on PS4 awhile back, and it runs pretty well."
,Recommended,306130,28175710,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,weed nose,Meh
,Recommended,306130,18139987,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Crumb in a Bag of Cheez-It Duoz,"If you actually are reading this, than listen to me! This game is amazing, first of all, it's the Elder Scrolls, second it's just really good.  It has like Oblivion combat, and Skyrim graphics.  I like it."
,Recommended,306130,29176009,Posted: 10 January,all,Osiris48,it gud
,Recommended,306130,30011305,Posted: 18 February,all,dead game,We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Recommended,306130,28856797,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Flowbert,It's alright if you're into this sort of games
,Recommended,306130,30329784,Posted: 4 March,all,WoodsTreesForests,probably the worst game i've ever played in my life.
,Recommended,306130,30358978,Posted: 6 March,all,Яξąνξŋ,Very high quality game.I definelty recommend it
,Recommended,306130,30350046,Posted: 5 March,all,Dr. Graves,"I can recommend ESO to anyone that enjoys an MMORPG. If you're looking for multiplayer Skyrim, you're probably not going to get EVERYTHING you want- but it's pretty close. Lots of fun."
,Recommended,306130,26716648,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,witcher99lvl,"gra typu zwiedzanie, fajna 10/10"
,Recommended,306130,20939031,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Tizma,Love the mechanics and potential of the game!
,Recommended,306130,30348364,Posted: 5 March,all,SApcar,Great game. Great Community.
,Not Recommended,306130,34856067,Posted: 10 September,all,Mr_Monkey278,"Great PVE but if you live in Aus Dont buy this game for PVP 300-999+(have to wait 2 seconds sometimes for an action to start IF it starts) ping against people with 30 just doesnt work out its definetely not worth the money, which is a shame because apart from that its a great game but the worst servers ever!"
,Recommended,306130,23600838,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Deltamike276,Best Game Ever. All elder scrolls lore thinatics will love it!
76561198033907253,Recommended,306130,18028068,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,[bIN]Bellacross,Addicted to this.Game is awesome.
,Recommended,306130,18272719,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,OpsMiller85,"Loving this game. I buy the 2 hour double exp scrolls and it makes me quest in hyper mode. I never been so quick with macros or teleporting like I am with the scroll. I am one to typically look at the scenery and explore. But not with the scroll. I used 2 scrolls so far and I am level 19. No regrets.My character is not exactly what I wanted but I am molding him into a badass Mage.The quests are really well put together and in depth.The scenery is so nice I often take selfies and screenshot with artzy angles.Downside:the players aren't too helpful when joining random groups. Idk maybe its just me.Also, The potion system is really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for when in need. Example: You have to hit Q to open your potion window, use your mouse to choose the potion, and then hit Q again. Like why can't this be easier. I often die because I don't do it right and enrage thoroughly.Also!! why do I only have 5 hotkeys for attacks?Hoping this will change as I level upMost mobs drop small amounts of gold.Overall great game, I'd rank 9.5/10"
,Recommended,306130,18390188,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,french_toast_matt,good game
,Recommended,306130,24015424,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Queen Skyrim,Played all the Elder Scrolls games loved them.Lots to do!!Just bought the game so I will have to see how well the gameplay is but so far I love this game.Recommend this game to RPG and MMO lovers :-)
,Recommended,306130,19216312,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Luke,(Y)
76561198073322211,Recommended,306130,22526197,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Gresona,"As a proud follower of The Elder Scrolls Franchise, I am in love with this MMORPG. It has improved so much over the years as they have really listen to feedback and implemented many new ideas and plans for/in the game. Of course it is not like the Singleplayer RPG games that Bethesda has released, but it still offers something nice for  people who are invested in this storyline/lore to go and enjoy with other people. I am still a player of the game, just not through Steam, don't ask why.TL;DR Awesome game, playing with other people is fun, ELDER SCROLLS!"
,Recommended,306130,18239924,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Hodor,The Ruler of the MMORPG
76561198123789421,Recommended,306130,19987819,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,︻ヂ◤══-●βŁŮЄƒŎX●━━╤デ╦︻,"What is life, M'elder♥♥♥♥♥♥♥scrolls online is life, DEAL WITH IT"
,Recommended,306130,32897910,Posted: 27 June,all,ItsMeMarcus,very nice
,Not Recommended,306130,33162906,Posted: 2 July,all,NoEntryTurtle,"Its a good game but the ""loading screen"" when you try to get to the characters will take  an enterneity, 30 of my hours are sitting in that loading screen waiting, so no don't buy it, (their are ways to fix this loading screen, but none have worked for me) bethesda need to make this game functional rather than forcing player to delete files, do manual bug fixes themselfs"
,Recommended,306130,17254999,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,DarkPyroFangs (226),How do I buy crowns?
,Recommended,306130,21863844,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Boruba gro-Ramak,"Do you like the TES series? if yes, and you don't hate MMOs for a legit reason, this game is for you. Also, if you can't stop save scumming on other TES games, I suggest this even more. BECAUSE YOU CAN'T SAVE IN MMOS! I added that last part because I can't stop save scumming in Fallout and TES from just a tiny bit of damage taken, or failing to pickpocket, or (Fallout: NV specifically) trying to force winnings with slots, etc."
,Recommended,306130,21893143,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Dreamist / Z,"good game , but after updates ..."
,Recommended,306130,25734295,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ryusekigawa,its fun sometimes i dont mind paying the subscription but all in all good game
76561198337723860,Recommended,306130,30632451,Posted: 20 March,all,dcamp4jesus,"I got this message while trying to launch the game The Elder Scrolls Online for the first time. Is anyone else receiving this message, The North American and European PC/Mac Megaservers are currently unavailable while we perform maintenance. I have not played the game yet."
,Not Recommended,306130,32680739,Posted: 23 June,all,Pantallicus,"Purchased this game to play with my best friend, after bethesda's e'3 depressed me again.. I really wanted to like this game, and still play it as an excuse to play with the homie, but there are some things you should know before spending 30 bucks. There is almost no player run economy. I hear rumors about guild trading and selling, but you have to be in a guild to do it. They of course explain none of this to you. I know they want to be different from other mmo's but at least try to explain your game mechanics. The combat is ""ok"" and hasn't put me fully to sleep yet. Although im in the early levels of the game I feel completely unchallenged. The difficulty could definetly use a tune up. You have very limited inventory unless you buy more, so you find yourself ridding it of all the food and cheap things and filling it with ""green"" drops that will sell for something at market. Microtransactions are everywhere and dont look to be worth it to me (One of the player houses on there goes for 100 actual usd). This game will sit in my library as a constant reminder that todd howard spit in my mouth and I pretended to like it while I wait for tes6."
76561198143522208,Recommended,306130,26049299,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,litl snek,"Personally, I really enjoy this game.  You will see a bunch of other people who are really dissapointed in Bethesda for making this game.  But thos people went in to ESO looking for an Elder Scrolls game.  If you are going to buy this game, do not be going in with the mindset of ""This is an Elder Scrolls game"".  The people who enjoy it are the people who are expecting an exciting MMO experience.  This game may not be for you, but If you are thinking about buying it, you should.  Hey, you might really like it!"
,Recommended,306130,31192895,Posted: 16 April,all,Fuck Your Great Wall,Its a good mmorpg with an Elder Scrolls feel.
76561197987096424,Recommended,306130,31194420,Posted: 17 April,all,(B.H.S) D.va Is Bae,"I purchesed this game last year because one of my friends got it and said it was fun, so i decided to download it and tryit myself. once i downloaded i had to go through the initial set up, which took a while because you had to enter a bunch of codes whitch was annoying but not horrible. once i got to playing this game i fell in love with it. i found it cool to be able to go to all the old cities that you got to go to in the elderscrolls games. there is only a couple things that i could think of that would make this game better.1. bigger skill bar- I think this game would be fare better it had a bigger skill bar. World of Warcraft has a nice big skill bar that allows you to fit tons of skill from your class on it at once, making it eaiser on the player to be able to make a powerful skill set up.2. Auto attack- i found it quite annoying to have to have seperate skills for your weapon. haveing to have seperat skill made it difficult to have all the abilities you can get from your class trees. it would be much simpler if the game automaticly swung your weapon around when you wernt casting spells/skills.3. quest boss difficulty- i feel that the boss difficulty for the quests are way more difficult than they should be. im all for supporting the idea of working together in a group to fight a boss but, you should still make it possible to do missions solo. not everyone is going to have friends to play with on this game all the time so the develpers should make it possible to do quest solo. if your going to have hard quests that are going to take multiple people to acomplish, put somthing in the quest givers text the say ""this is going to be a difficult task. you may want to get some help with it"" and list how many players minimum its going to take to acomplish the quest.these are my thought on the game. these problems listed are annoying but they arnt going to to stop me from playing this game. these suggestions would just make the game more fun and enjoyable to new players and expirenced alike."
76561198155275173,Recommended,306130,21567163,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Edge_Lord,great game i like it
,Recommended,306130,18281802,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Exeltor,Selling and trading Mouse styled helmets. PM me for more information and donations of even more Mouse styled helmets. All types of armor and levels welcome.
76561198151296983,Recommended,306130,21916578,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,badwolf1906,"Personaly i have played the crap out of this game, 57 hours on the steam version and even more on the ESO launched version. I have played a lot of mmos and I think this one is by far one of the bests. the guild system is well layed out and the quests are easy to understand. Its not that repetitive of a game and it keeps your attention the whole time as well as tells you things about the lore and world you are exploring. overall i would definatly recamend this game and give it a 9/10"
76561198165603610,Recommended,306130,22069555,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,TwistedIllusion,You know you've ♥♥♥♥ed up when you've played 24 hours of PvE and then the rest of PvP...
76561198012490117,Recommended,306130,33080275,Posted: 1 July,all,DaRkLotus,It is Elder Scrolls with online functions. Great.
76561198069470741,Not Recommended,306130,32297866,Posted: 9 June,all,Inkythulhu,"I jumped into buying this game relatively blindly on the prompting of a few friends of mine. I'm sad to say, I'll not be able to play the game at all. (Refund pending at the time of this review)I cannot in good concious recommend this game. Unless your computer is extremely good AND your internet connection is also /EXTREMELY/ good, I would not buy this game. Save yourself the 30+ bucks, go buy Skyrim. (Which, oddly, I can play just fine, even with a lot of mods)Of my small amount of 'play time', almost the entirety of it was spent in a load screen. What little wasn't spent fighting the mighty load screen boss, was spent fighting with the character creator. (I had to wait an average of 45sec-2min for any change to actually apply to my character) Couple these issues with the ~10+ hour download that literally ate the entire internet connection for my household (hard to do when normally we have several computers and a TV all on the same connection doing different things)....Yeah, this bundle of trouble left a bad taste in my mouth and an ache in my already thin wallet I'm hoping will be soothed shortly."
,Recommended,306130,20459310,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Festive Crocodillo,Spent hours on end with supportCouldn't get past the launcher10/10
,Recommended,306130,26296905,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Azzy ゴ ゴ ゴ,"Probably my favourite MMO i have played, just because im a sucker for betheda"
76561198016751051,Recommended,306130,32164742,Posted: 3 June,all,Clof Dawg,Rating:★★★✰✰ (3/5)
,Recommended,306130,22509446,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Lonesome_Drift,Absolutely
76561197985698611,Recommended,306130,22511781,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,LordKato,MMO with Elder Scrolls Lore
76561198147190129,Recommended,306130,22512081,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Mashallah,Amazing game
,Recommended,306130,30036793,Posted: 19 February,all,FTc,same old skyrim but even better its online :D
,Not Recommended,306130,32439360,Posted: 15 June,all,Vault Boy,It's alright
76561198136185664,Not Recommended,306130,32554599,Posted: 18 June,all,[☠Icon☠] Boss Of Death,Disconnecting all over the place. Do not recommend this game if you are in the east coast.
76561198063100325,Recommended,306130,26710431,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ExiledAlpha,...Yup
76561198147280672,Recommended,306130,22400546,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Pillette Gaming,some times i see dark elves hanging from trees (good game)
,Recommended,306130,32014943,Posted: 28 May,all,Cole W. F-168 | 3C-511,"""I'm Complex42, and this is my favorite game on Steam."""
76561198317212799,Recommended,306130,31127819,Posted: 13 April,all,Vampire0997,Great game
,Recommended,306130,26425967,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ｏｈ,Don't buy crowns on steam they are a massive scam you need to redeem a CD-Key on the ESO website but you don't get a CD-Key so steam just eats your money i lost 30$ and it is so BS.
,Recommended,306130,32185567,Posted: 4 June,all,pkuesis14,Love this game so far. If your looking for a MMO to dive into this is it.
76561198032165334,Recommended,306130,24129361,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Its Just a Flesh Wound,for  a mmo its good
76561198144950217,Recommended,306130,24129988,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,<INSERT_COOL_NAME_HERE>,Life ? Girlfriend ? Nah.P.S: This game is really fun and if you love The Elders Scrolls series then you will enjoy this game too.Ohh and btw don't expect it to be a Skyrim Online.
,Recommended,306130,30112510,Posted: 22 February,all,Gjallarhorn,"Okay, where do I begin with this one.Elder Scrolls Online is a MMO and it feels a lot like one, if you're playing without friends the game gets boring decently fast (depending on the person you are) due to the group quests and such. I had played it awhile ago on console and thought it was an okay title and defintely wouldn't of supported the subscription (when that was thing.)ESO in 2017, is beyond an amazing MMO, insane fun for people who love to dig around in dungeons per the usual game and also a ton of fun for those interested in diving into the Elder Scrolls lore.I completely back dropping the subscription fee for a yearly expansion and some microtransactions digging around in there for those that want them (because come on, supply drops in Elder Scrolls aren't really making waves to anyone.) I would more than suggest for newcomers to dive in before the Morrowind expansion if you are interested in that so you can grind through a decent amount of levels.Grab your friends and explore Tamerial because it is in an insanely vast scale in ESO, as well as Zenimax used a much more rich color scheme to add more character to the world than Bethesda had with the older ES games.8/10"
,Recommended,306130,26674224,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Murica,"this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good. give them three fiddy and pick it up during the sale. close client and restart steam after install and you're good.I can not strees enough with words how much fun I am having and i'm a salty salty beast.10/10 would Skyrim again.------------------------------------------- Update:130 hours later I bring you this.As you can see from my review and post history I am, to be blunt, not a kind man.That said this might be the best game i've ever played. It's hands down the best mmo.People of all levels can quest and run dungeons together. the combat and game in general feels like you are playing skyrim. I literally can not articulate all the reasons I am freaking out, literally spazzing.Be dirty with this game and touch it with your eyes. you will came."
,Recommended,306130,31383521,Posted: 26 April,all,I make a lot of grammar mistakes,"I've played for quite a bit and I can say that the discovery rate in this game is absolutely phenomenal, but did you know that all fighting in this game is caused by misunderstanding? The way we create our enemies is through hate or misunderstanding. It is a common practice for humans to kill one another just to achieve that golden trophy so you'll know that you won't go to hell. And besides that who can really confirm that God actually exists?  I mean I've walked 50 miles thinking about religion and why I don't believe in it, but then I realized I'm educated on another topic which is biology. When I first discovered about DNA I was absolutely fascinated by it. After awhile of being passionate about reading articles on how changing the genetic code could lead to the perfect human, got me thinking. If we are able to change a genetic code of an unborn animal, can we change our perception and reality? This is where I started to reach higher consciousness. I finally started to understand world's structure. Ever since then I wanted to become an architect because I wasn't doing so well in academics. Once I started to slowly major in architecture I've gathered another experience which helps me determine whether the structure is complex and interesting or just plain and boring. Same thing could be applied onto one's personality. It is interesting how the human brain is able to function. How one's ego controls the character which is just a set of ideas that have been gathered throughout the years. I've heard that the experience  that you gather can be used in arguments better as to compare to knowledge. I've heard that if you were to put an argument between a smart person and a dumb person, the dumb person would beat the smart person down to it's level with it's experience, and it's actually true. But aren't experience are just a set of memory that are stored within us? of course. Memory is a very unique thing.Once  I thought to myself that Alzheimer's could be a gift, and reason being is because you'll constantly forget things that have happened, same thing goes for ignorance is bless. People who don't have a mind that is fully developed are stuck within their own world, they aren't able to see the bigger picture or understand one's suffering. At the end does it all matter? I mean the world is so complex that even I don't understand why I have to spill my guts out on a steam review game, either way I'm still typing and trying to understand why I'm still going but can't really think of any reason. With all of that said I'll end my review here. I give this game 7/10."
76561198308438969,Recommended,306130,31384469,Posted: 26 April,all,twigtera,"Hands down an amazing game, totaly worth the money."
,Recommended,306130,31385739,Posted: 26 April,all,Dr. Leckon,Great game with a big world great player base and loads to do but there are some items locked behind a paywall but they arent necesary and completely optional so overall a good game
,Recommended,306130,19352711,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Kravchenko,Dis game is GOD
76561198110566433,Not Recommended,306130,30835964,Posted: 30 March,all,tommy,Can't reccomend a game that has infinite amounts of start-up problems. You buy an expensive game only to not be able to play it and yes I have tried community fixes and contacting the dev team.
76561198090191107,Not Recommended,306130,31713559,Posted: 12 May,all,manzano0627,"This game is constantly denying my login. I honestly can't be bothered having to reinstall, update, and figure this crap out on a weekly basis. Good riddance."
,Recommended,306130,31651287,Posted: 9 May,all,Obi Wan Kenobi,It's alright
,Not Recommended,306130,34583951,Posted: 29 August,all,Neora,"After multiple downloads the launcher keeps giving me the same error to extract the launcher/installer on a different drive, but doesn't even give me the option to select one of my other drives. This means I cannot install the other updates, which are needed outside of Steam, to launch the actual game.Unless I find a fix, I'm keeping this as a negative, as the game doesn't seem to work for me."
76561198142547724,Recommended,306130,23597289,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Papa Boi,Yes it offerse die hard elder scrolls fans to play with thier die hard elder scrolls friends.
76561197984636266,Not Recommended,306130,34613600,Posted: 30 August,all,QuartsBanger,"Went to launch the game for the first time in a long time, left it to do its annoying update business the entire time i owned it. relaunched it, wants me to download 45 more gigs while i have the entire game installed because they were too lazy to code into the launcher the previous install directory automatically, didnt give me any clear instructions or options to set my previous directory, and now i cant find the previous install wherever the ♥♥♥♥ they flashed it form my drive to. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198289680515,Not Recommended,306130,32839785,Posted: 26 June,all,Kniteone_OW,Game wont open at all
,Recommended,306130,27014904,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Core2Duo,"The Elder Scrolls lore, good graphics, fantastic soundtrack and multiplayer. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,306130,33633797,Posted: 18 July,all,c1,good but 500 gb
,Not Recommended,306130,31662583,Posted: 10 May,all,Arkanae,"This is the most grindy and arbitrarily limited MMO I have ever played.Regardless of how much money you sink into this POC your inventory or bank space is always going to be limited to about half the space you need to actually be able enjoy the story rather than spend most of your time going back to town after each item you pick to free up inventory space.The level of encounters is most charitably described as... needing a lot of work. It's random, all over the place, and with a level of difficulty that is in no way related to the interest or significance of it. That leads to whole swath of the story and world that are better left ignored because simply not worth the annoyance and grind.This is not worth playing on its own merits, and however much I like the Elder Scrolls universe, this is also not even worth playing to get more of that universe."
76561198088035660,Recommended,306130,33489629,Posted: 12 July,all,Sewitscher \('''.''')/,OMG !!! SO AWESOME . RELLY ITS FANTASTIC
,Recommended,306130,31668494,Posted: 10 May,all,Jack of Blades,Good story linesmusic and visuals pull you into the game
76561198326251979,Recommended,306130,33021801,Posted: 29 June,all,biberovic_biber,Great game
76561198119625925,Recommended,306130,23589466,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mungo,"FORGOT THE WOW... This is the best MMORPG in the world, has a big map to explore and gives you the really sensation of ""Im doing Everything"" ... I love it!"
,Recommended,306130,29475055,Posted: 24 January,all,BlueJay,The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited™ is fot elder scrolls fans
76561198303577189,Recommended,306130,31046971,Posted: 9 April,all,Backwards_Burrito,pretty good i guess...yeah
,Recommended,306130,34097180,Posted: 7 August,all,Slick Rick CSGOGEM.COM,10/10
,Recommended,306130,35038088,Posted: 17 September,all,sweaty dyke,nice if ya got mates and shiz not so nice if ya dont7/10
,Recommended,306130,19967036,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,twitch.tv/penginh,login failed10/10
,Recommended,306130,19932922,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,dubu,Perfect in every aspect10/10
76561198266750251,Recommended,306130,34280084,Posted: 16 August,all,max 12377,i played till i could not take any more quests lol
76561198054735238,Recommended,306130,29061951,Posted: 6 January,all,Fanciful Spoon,"So I'll update this as time passes by, and when I have time to figure out how to explain to you how awesome this game is.Anyhow, first thing I have to say is: This game has a very unique feel to it, that I did not expect. The community has literally like...NO TOXIC PLAYERS, like... AT ALL (as far as I've seen).This game has alot of freedom, you wanna break the rules, be a rogue/assassin type class with heavy armour n a two hander sword (aka what I did.), HELLS YESS DO IT.So this is only my first 86 hours of ESO and I've finished one huge area + beginner zone and got up to like 24 levels.. I am a Bosmer (Wood Elf, we're so small/short D;) So I started in Khenarthi's Roost, did that place, n then I moved on to Auridon n Completed all of Auridon. So just that one zone in all that time, in other words this game is so awesome and big, It will keep you occupied for a long time. I'd imagine thats a thing people look for in games, the amount of fun/occuppation you can get out of it.Also I know for alot of MMO's a major turnoff is boring as hell quests, like kill 10 wolves or collect these bundles of hay, my back is broken I cant do it myself kind of quests. ESO is alot better than that, the quests are like..unique. Like hey, there is a pirate invasion on the southwest coast, you need to infiltrate the pirates and steal something from them in order to help get past a magical barrier on a lighthouse, that they'll use to call their ships to raid the coast.So what I mean to say is, there is alot more story to quests than other games which are basically as story filled as, hey I need these wolf pelts for a new coat so I can survive winter, or hey my horses will die if you dont do my work for me n bring them the hay.Oh and if thats not enough for you, the amount of skills you can develope is pretty cool, making combat interesting. You can even morph skills to give them extra bonuses, its like an evolution of power bwahahha.Crafting is cool too I think, and the economy is interesting to be apart of I guess.If you're new though, feel free to ask questions on Zone chat  ( /z or/zone ) , cause people are usually more than likely able/willing to help you.10/10 would break the rules of my class again...oh wait, nope, I already did! HAHA! Yeah but I guess I'll do it a third time sooo, I WILL do it again!  NO MORE will wood elfs always be archers, ♥♥♥♥ that!"
76561198044577263,Recommended,306130,17282269,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,pmiley79,just wish it had controller use in game
76561198346046850,Recommended,306130,29084613,Posted: 7 January,all,Tea Bag,Good game!
,Recommended,306130,17312019,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Omega,"There is nothing about this game that i would consider a flaw, it reminds me of how Everquest 2 used to be, back when it had a massive player base as well as its expansive crafting system and gathering.Simply put the game is Beautiful. Its everything i could ever want out of the elder scrolls online, I'd rate it out of every game ive played since the early 90's online, to be the best out of the lot.The graphics are Fantastic, i ran it maxed out and it still wasnt ""enough"" for me, so i ran it through Nvidia's control panel and Maxed it out with Super Sampling and Basicly every single setting on Maximum Graphics, and the quality is superior to any other title ive played to date now.So overall 10/10 for everything.The only thing that could possibly be added that would make the experience a lil more random.. would be just that, Randomness.. the possibility of running into random npc's in the wilderness with random quests or random assasins targetting you for breaking the law or the bounty on your head. Thats all ive got for yah though. as this game Slaughters any other ive ever played out there, its a keeper!"
,Recommended,306130,17366530,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Pentigrass,"I can cosplay as Gwyn, Lord of Sunlight.10/10 Praise the Sunny Tamriel"
76561198156605019,Recommended,306130,17471114,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,lthaxxjok3rl,"Magnificient and immersive world. I have long been a fan of the Elder Scrolls series. I owned Morrowind on my original Xbox, and poured hundreds of hours into it. Then later I had Oblivion and then Skyrim on my Xbox 360 and then Xbox One, and likewise poured thousands of hours into the two. Now I have TESO, on my PC, and you can not ask for a better RPG feel, or a better MMO feel then the one you get with this game. I have also played wow considerably and in my mind TESO is 10000x the game that WoW is. Top notch devs over at Bethesda, who could ask for more?"
,Recommended,306130,17360064,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,SOLITUDE,i love the guild war :) its amazing
,Recommended,306130,17315765,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Rezero,yep
76561198202963942,Recommended,306130,17326698,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,joshuafessenden,love it
,Recommended,306130,17348986,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Kazuya,"Plays very long time ago... redownloads a year later, recovers account, and for some reason unknown to god i dont have the unlimited subscription on my account...?? So i reinserted the product key and it obviously said its invalid. I just gave up after that and got the ♥♥♥♥♥ with it and wrote this review for wasting 50gig of internet"
76561198043280684,Recommended,306130,17864075,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Admiral Rad,"Pros:-good and interesting  characters-engaging side-quests-continuous improvement since initial release-beautiful visuals-excellent community-costomization is handled very well (cosmetic variety in armor and weapons)cons:-initial release was very discouraging (subscription fee, excess grinding, etc...)-more MMO, less Elder Scrollsoverall recommendation:ever since the release of Tamriel Unlimited, the game has vastly improved. I recommend this game."
,Recommended,306130,17864656,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Mister D.,"Just started, ill add to it as i playSo far so good, the combat is the funnest ive ever played for an mmo, mainly wow and gw2 and some other free to play ones such as runescape and rift. I like the idea of left clicking to attack and right to defend. Press both and u distrupt a charge attack. Some people have the idea that its a genertic mmo such as wow, it isnt. I was able to loot and steal like it was an elder scrolls game, also the combat feels like a normal elder scrolls game as well as quest and grahics are very nice. Also the game hits the ground running, I havent done a generic fetch 10 blah blah blah. With the no sub, it really seems worth it."
76561198024920976,Recommended,306130,17889736,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,suðrœn_Ásatrú,pretty sick mate!
,Recommended,306130,17921270,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Redeyepie,"An amazing game, so much you are able to customize and do throughout the world. One of my favorite games just like Skyrim!"
,Recommended,306130,34451082,Posted: 23 August,all,Red㊝,"Bruh this game is something else... thats all i could say while playing it... I just started playing the game, and the combat is already so fun, cant wait for whats next"
,Recommended,306130,34452145,Posted: 23 August,all,Acola,Para quem gosta de história e aproveitar um ambiente fantastico vale muito apena.O jogo não oferece nada de inovador em jogabilidade e depois de um tempo se torna repetitivoporém vale a pena experimentar se você gosta de Vanilla SKyrim.
76561198059575792,Not Recommended,306130,34744927,Posted: 4 September,all,BEEP BEEP IM A JEEP,"Just to clarify i have not played this game. I tried to but it gets stuck saying ""requesting log in"" and then crashes. The launcher had to update for a few hours with the newest patches and that counts as game played on steam. When i asked for a refund because the game is unplayble they said it has gone past 2 hours that is the refund policy. I have not managed to get it working and lost my money. If you plan on buying this game do it from another platform or you run the risk of wasting your money. You have been warned"
76561198061971040,Recommended,306130,19584864,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Combustible Roti,"Walked all the way to the Rift when lv12, all creatures there are lv40+, NOPE NOPE NOPE, I'm going back."
76561198203588837,Recommended,306130,21559838,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,SwiftSnowVI,"Needs a little more work. Not enough Magic, Skyrim had a ♥♥♥♥-load but ESO has like 20. Playing with other people is a hassle and I can't play in the Alliance War cause my GTX Toaster is terrible. So in turn, It's fun but it starts to feel grindy and just plain boring. -IGN 6/10"
76561198121554298,Recommended,306130,16609177,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,snowolf,Really good game and fun to play with friends (thumbs up) but conversations with npc's is very boring (so skip that part).
,Recommended,306130,35148129,Posted: 23 September,all,Bucky Lane,"If you are a die hard MMO fan, this game will likely dissapoint or bore you.If you like Elder Scrolls, but are only dabbling into MMOs, this game will more than likely be worth shelling out a few bucks for. It has no monthly subscription and there is a lot to do. I avoid fetch quests and still found plenty of entertainment in it."
,Recommended,306130,35360638,Posted: 30 September,all,neohemp,Meh.
,Recommended,306130,35355799,Posted: 30 September,all,TalonMan92,GOOD
,Recommended,306130,31126681,Posted: 13 April,all,WΞST,HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEPaid $20 now its $10XDDDD
,Recommended,306130,29418398,Posted: 22 January,all,General Hooves'n'spots,best mmorpg ever
76561198200489242,Recommended,306130,34704968,Posted: 3 September,all,Lilyheart,"This game is really fun to play, and I love going around tamriel."
76561198108668989,Recommended,306130,34699333,Posted: 2 September,all,Grim,Boss
,Recommended,306130,28106405,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dubs,very good game i love it
,Recommended,306130,34389900,Posted: 21 August,all,DejectedComic,"7 hours in i finally fixed the ""fatal 11"" error"
76561198044279968,Recommended,306130,24052356,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Evil2Good,I like this game. It is fun to play. Thumbs up.
,Recommended,306130,35469022,Posted: 4 October,all,Foxtrot Uniform,It’s awesome
,Recommended,306130,24052001,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Omega Ω Arxom,Great game. Lots of fun
,Recommended,306130,24355695,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,the entire population of,Can someone please tell me what the DLC adds?
,Recommended,306130,33203138,Posted: 3 July,all,CoClan | Alex,awef
76561198007957678,Recommended,306130,20249220,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MrRugila,A great game.
,Recommended,306130,11301326,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,discombobulated1,nothing special but can kill many hours onit
76561198161526026,Not Recommended,306130,32547350,Posted: 18 June,all,trevoruhl1,"Looks like a great game. However mine is bugged, i can get to the first npc, but nothing happens. I usually have to the game off."
76561197989971166,Not Recommended,306130,32967845,Posted: 28 June,all,cliscool,Bought the game 06-14-2017. Had 4 nights where the servers were down and countless other times where the lag made the game unplayable. I am uninstalling and requesting refunds for my wife and I. The game was fun when you can play it.
,Recommended,306130,35462542,Posted: 3 October,all,Monkeymen87,If your looking for a lively MMO here you go.
76561197989294557,Not Recommended,306130,32297747,Posted: 9 June,all,MeJ,"It's very boring and rather disappointing. I've played all the Elder Scrolls games from Morrowind (the best!) on. I still have not really finished Morrowind after years, there's still locations that I haven't seen before. So what's wrong with it?- OP. Other people. Ocasionally it's quite fun when a whole lot of peole get stuck into killing a mob of monsters.- OP. Other people. Then someone else kills the monster I have been hacking away at and got down to 1 % life. They whip in, one hit, get the goodies. Great. I have to kill it agai - after waiting for a spawn...-OP. Other ?people? Or children? So, immersion? What immersion? Hundreds of (I hope!) 12 year olds acting like 12 year olds turns the game into a kid's playground.  Ruins any involvement fo me, so I avoid the towns and go round edges at funny hours looking for peace and quiet.It's not all bad. I play it from time to time, but compared with a real Elder Scrolls game, it's disappointing. If you don't care about that I suppose it's OK."
76561197973076795,Not Recommended,306130,32675716,Posted: 23 June,all,robert,"Extremely dissappointing. People looking for a Morrowindd fix, don't bother. Back to Witcher III.Comnpletely dumbed down version of an excellent role playing game.Unfortunately it took me more than two hours to download, install, set up account, tweak, so no rrefund available. Take that into consideration when buying."
76561197985903334,Not Recommended,306130,17852630,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Wayzz,"You can play end game from level 15 since every single piece of gear is the same it just gets slightly better stats at higher level. So if you find a nice chest piece at 15, and find it again at lvl 50, its literally the same just better stats. there is nothing new to it. And since this, you can make builds already at 15, hop into pvp, and already play the end game. Why bother with boring linear unskipabble quests in pve.."
76561198087303704,Recommended,306130,20107000,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MadWorld,I love you.
76561198145979910,Not Recommended,306130,11379124,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Joao Pedro,"Don't buy, you need to pay a montly fee so u can play, and it's not cheap."
,Recommended,306130,11409445,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,[Curse]Christmas Critter,"I've read some mixed reviews about this game, but in my first hour playing I think it is pretty fun. Just be ready for a lot of downloading and setting up."
,Recommended,306130,22975593,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,fucknigga,yes yes yespros: everythingcons: need a friendget this
,Recommended,306130,21012800,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Admiral Weeb,"1 hour into game-HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥TUTORIAL TAKES TO ♥♥♥♥ING LONG1.5 hours into game- OMG A CHICKEN IMA KILL IT1.6 hours into game- WTF GUARDS IT WAS A CHICKEN STOP CHASING!!!!!!!!1.7 hours into game- wait i have to pay money for this, i dont have any mody1.8 hours into game- some kind soul payed me money ♥♥♥♥ YEAH1.9 hours into game- okay lets get started2 hours into game- HELL ♥♥♥♥ING YEAH ALREADY LVL 47 hours into game- Lvl 9 still going strong18 hours into game- WTF I AM STILL AT LVL 924 hours into game- LVL 10 MUTHA♥♥♥♥AS IMA DO SOME PVP*gets completely destroyed*26 hours into game-Lets just stick with questing i guess30 hours into game= MUTHA ♥♥♥♥A I GOTTA HORSE32 hours into game-joined a mutha♥♥♥♥ing guild im going places60 hours into game= HELL YEAH REACHED LVL 11 GGIn conclusion i reccomend this game if you want head aches, pain, hours of fun, pain, awesome social life, pain, brainwashing, pain, FAST MUTHA♥♥♥♥IN HORSES, pain, GUILDS, and finnaly.... Pain"
,Recommended,306130,12874772,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Mojo,"I purchased the Imperial version on here when it was on a special offer and had no problems with keys and everything is working well. I was involved in the beta earlier in the year and i can see the improvements the developers have made to the game with each update. Like a lot of people I was kind of hoping / expecting for a Skyrim online - this is not the case.That said what you have here is something different and although in the early stages my character felt completely underpowered and i was struggling with a working setup, Once i got up to level 15 or so it seemed (or maybe it was me) to get a bit easier and this game really encourages you to play in a group and with the recent updates the dungeon difficulty is scaled to the level of the group leader - interesting change.I have to say I'm really enjoying the game and look forward to further improvements."
,Not Recommended,306130,11355482,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,StrawberryR,no i do not recommmend this game after you buy it you have t0 pay a $14.99 subscripion fee every mounth i did not play it but i dont want to pay
76561198076882810,Not Recommended,306130,11672193,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Craptron Mega,"BORING. BORING, BORING, BORING. The game is bad and you should feel bad. I will not be renewing my subscription. I think what the problem is that you have actively made the game painfully slow to entice me to pay the monthly subscription.  Also, you have tried to cater to both MMORPG fans and long time elder scrolls fans but you have failed to meet the expectations of either. I do not have fun playing this game. It feels like a job. A job that I pay to work for. I literally had to talk myself into putting some hours into this game just so I did not feel like I totally wasted my money. Now I have to make sure you do not charge my credit card after you forced me to register a card that I have abusolutely no desire to give you EVEN 15 more dollars. I'm not mad. I'm disappointed."
,Not Recommended,306130,11411948,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Duck,cant get it to work dont know how to find the activation code
,Recommended,306130,12839192,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,XAINNN,"Simple the best!I finished the main quest couple of days back and man it was great!Everything is good about this game!I didnt have any friends to play with me but still it was massive fun, if you have fewfriends to play with you, oh man just play it!big thumbs up!"
76561198007406832,Not Recommended,306130,11575691,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,fglades,Did not download
76561198080963165,Recommended,306130,14941329,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Smccordd07,"Game gets a lot of unwarranted hate. It has improved a lot over time, and now without a sub needed it's probably your best bet for an MMO in 2015 (I hated FFXIV)"
76561198111180329,Not Recommended,306130,11435211,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,clapinp,Logged into game the first time I bought it and now I cant load characters....Game is garbage
76561198047844788,Not Recommended,306130,11348886,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,nation164,"♥♥♥♥ THIS GAMEI honestly beileive that bethesda, the money cluthing ♥♥♥♥♥ that they are, have took a move that i can not forgive. making this game subscription based was a terrible move and on top of that the supposed ""free"" month that you get with purchase isnt really free beacsue you have to play for the next month BEFORE you get the actual playtime. The whole customer service is♥♥♥♥♥♥and has blemished my opinion of them. ♥♥♥♥ BETHESDA!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,306130,11399760,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,tatsuya513,Not worth the monthly subscriptions
76561198017852247,Recommended,306130,11369165,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Faestina,Love it so far! Takes a bit of getting used to for gameplay but it's fun!
,Recommended,306130,11380236,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,BigHead,"So after reading a lot of negativity about this game I found some hidden positive information and decided to take the plunge on ESO and got the Imperial Edition when it hit steam. I have not been disappointed. Trying to push all preconceived opinions out of my mind I approached ESO with as much of an unbiased opinion as I could muster and let the game speak for itself.The combat is a decent mix of the traditional MMO style skill bar and what I've experienced in Oblivion and Skyrim with point and click via the cross hair. The environment is nice. The ambient noises from the volcano that seems to dominate the area I'm in now really help the environment come to life. The music is nicely done and hasn't gotten tiresome for me yet.The maps are pretty big and there's plenty to explore. I found myself at a point where the main story is a couple levels above me now so I know I missed content somewhere and I'm exploring to find what I've missed. Yes, you do have to explore to find content, not everything is handed to you on a silver platter.I haven't done any dungeons yet. The first one starts at level 12 and I've split my time between my sorcerer and a melee Templar. The sorc being 11 and the temp is now 10. I wanted to try ranged vs melee and right now I seem to be favoring the Temp which is unusual because I normally like ranged and healing characters.All in all I hole heatedly would tell people on the fence to take the dive and give it a try. I've been burnt by games in the past and have lost decent money on plenty of them. That's the gamble we take as gamers. This is one title I'd put in the gotten my monies worth column, and I still have three weeks left in my first 30 days."
76561198101752211,Not Recommended,306130,12310199,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Moonbeam,"I bought this game just to try it.  Was half off and i figured what the hell?  I heard you got 30 days of free play time when you buy it on steam, which you do what they didnt mention was that you still had to set up a recurring payment. So unless you still want to setup a payment plan, that 30 days is worthless. What a ♥♥♥♥ up of an elder scrolls game eh?"
76561198145922187,Not Recommended,306130,11515229,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Spinzz,BAD
76561198125369505,Not Recommended,306130,12168976,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Lyokoboy13,"Okay starting off, It was pretty freaking fun, however, when I finally did get out of where I was... I felt trapped, and let me tell you why.  Apon (?) venturing out I noticed levels, and was like yeah okay level me up scotty, but heres the thing leveling is slow, like really slow... and intill you level up or get some of your abilities leveled, you might as well be bunkering down for a while, because without that level you won't survive on the outside world, that has higher level than you...Let me put it to you like this, Skyrim right?  I know this isn't skyrim but I am taking this as an example... in skyrim as you leveled up, as did the world, so it was at balance with you the whole game...  here things already have a set level per area they are in, think of it as a level area lot... so each lot has its level, through-out this hudge area, some larger than others of course, but to make it through that lot, you have to be close to, at, or higher than the level of that lot.  So you can't pass it intill you level up tremendously.Now it would have been nice if you get a good amount of xp from killing this things, but most of your xp comes from quest, and agian if they would have added more quest then it would have been okay, but that is not so, and so you have to stay to your confinied lot untill you somehow gain that level of advancing forward.In other words you get to look at the same locations over and over agian, use the same moves that aren't leveling up fast enough as well, untill you level up, and once you do get to move on to the next lot, you better be ready to be halted at the next lot, and stay in that same place, cause it is going to take you a while.I give this game a 4/10 and do not recommend this game, unless you like repeating the same stuff, not fealling like a badass, and just want to look at the same scenery for a very long time."
,Not Recommended,306130,12292640,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Osterdude,you need to pay monthly so you can play
,Recommended,306130,16385944,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lord Kres,"Back in 2013 when the beta opened, i was checking my email every hour to check if i have been selected...Then the beta was open for everyone, and i used countless of hours to explore and enjoy the beautiful landscapes.It was the best game i had ever played. And it still is.Im not even sure why i didn´t bought this game earlier, since i was waiting for so long for it to be released.At first i was waiting for The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited™ to be on Discount, but then i decided to buy it on the fullprice, because the game is really worth of every cent!My opinion is that The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited™ stays loyal to the Elder Scrolls lore.I was bit worried, that does Bethesda change things too much for it to become an MMORPG.I have always wanted to play an MMORPG:s, but i haven´t yet found one that i would enjoy after multiple hours.But The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited™ is a game just like that.I will propably play this for thousands of hours, and still enjoy it.Hopefully i don´t use all of my money to buy Crowns, and other stuff...I will definetly upgrade my ESO account when i have more time to play.I will also update this review when i have more time, and when i have played more.As for now i only have pathetic 16+ Hours playtime."
76561198078793026,Recommended,306130,11335857,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,bennybirdwatcher,"============================THE ELDER SCROLLS ONLINE REVIEW==================================So lets get started with the good things :D----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+Decent storyline atleast i liked it but thats for you to decide.+Graphics are beautiful on high setting just make sure you can run them.+Physics are nice i like the animations and the feel of just exploring.+Combat feel AMAZING whether you're using a staff,bow,sword and shield,or daggers etc it'll feel smooth.+Inventory management feels nice and selling and such now you can't sell you're equipped stuff to the merchant.+This MMORPG seems to do something that most do not achieve and that is making you feel apart of Tamriel not just some random dude walking the streets. That is something TES series always achieves.+PVP now where should I start the player vs player system in this game is AMAZING it is absolutely so damn fun the ♥♥♥♥ing siege battles are so so fun to do and when you are fighting  another player it feels really smooth as i said when I talked about combat earlier in this review.=======================================================================================Now it is time for the bad things about the game to be honest theres not that much but that differs for different people.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The journal/quest management system is not the best to be honest it just doesn't feel great.-The damn side quest shower things.... lemme explain that in better terms, they show where side quests that just ruins immersion.-15 DOLLAR SUBSCRIBTION.-no fish A.I ;)=======================================================================================Hope it helped and if you do buy the game..... cya in Tamriel!"
,Recommended,306130,14923774,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Alurict,"First impression after a few days of play:This is hands down the most graphically beautiful MMO I've ever seen. Combine that with entertaining combat mechanics (it's not just tab target & spell use), quality storylines, a deep and lore-filled, hand-crafted world, and what appears to be a very fun community of players ranging from casual gamers to hardcore & RPers, and you have a real gem of an MMO.This is coming from somebody who has really given up on loads of other MMOs due mostly to P2W mechanics and boring repetative quests. Of course, I'm only a few days in, so I'll update this later if my opinion changes."
76561197999856567,Not Recommended,306130,11550459,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Jehdye,Worst $60 I ever spent!! Laggy and buggy. I could only get this to work on my laptop. Desktop just keeps crashing to blue screen.
,Not Recommended,306130,19285450,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,discount memes™,"It's still a subscription game, if you don't subscribe you have to keep buying DLC and microtransaction currecy. None of this is obvious because they put all the DLC and subscriptions on their website instead of Steam. It's more like a free-to-play game that you have to pay for (or pay a subscription to reduce the microtransactions).https://account.elderscrollsonline.com/store/product/eso_plusJust a generic MMO reskinned to Elder Scrolls, coupled with a sneaky buy-to-microtransaction business model that is clearly a quick cash grab. Uninstalled and refunded."
76561197989451256,Not Recommended,306130,12271396,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,NightSchade,This game was less fun to play than Morrowind is today.  The the questing is so bland.  I think this game is a slap in the face to the entire series.
,Not Recommended,306130,11762130,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Lulu,"Alright, i love the elder scrolls series till the depths of my soul.. i didn't really listen to anyone about ESO being bad. because i wanted to try it out for myself and i said ""hey it cant be that bad,"" Thinking because its a newer year it would have better graphics. WRONG. it is NOT worth the money, The graphics are TREMENDOLY TERRIBLE. And just no. DO NOT BUY THE GAME!!! IT IS A WASTE OF 60 DOLLARS PLUS 15 DOLLARS A MONTH FOR A♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME? DO NOT AND DO NOT GET THE GAME. PLEASE. I took my own risk of my stubborness and well ..i used to be like youuntil i took 60 dollars to the knee"
76561198148164212,Not Recommended,306130,11712227,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Sausage,"I cant get into this game , everytime i try to launch it through steam it stays on loading screen for as long as i can bare to sit and stare at it........ every now and never it works but i have maybe played 1 or 2 hours out of the 20+ i have spend whatching the loading screen . i have un-installed , and re-installed still nothing , you released a patch and still nothing after i sit and download it thinking you have fixed the problem....... At this point no i wont be recomending this game to anyone as it dosent work .......... but from the 2 hours i have played it seemed like a bad♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Not Recommended,306130,11717388,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,♡ (O_O) ♡,"Don't buy this game through Steam client.This happens to me yesterday, downloaded overnight ... when you complete downloaded the game and clicked ""Play"", the elderscrolls online Launcher pop-up and then it ask for INSTALLING the game...  cuz it shows up as not being installed on your PC.And then you have to wait and watch it download the whole DAMN thing... As soon as it finished it STILL shows it as not being installed.What can I do? DELETE IT !?Now I've deleted the full game content from Steam category and ready to ask for a refund."
,Not Recommended,306130,11779426,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Tallis,"Noooo...nohoooooo! Now... i cant say if the game is good or no, cus i never got to play it! it was a waste of my money!If you anticipate that you will have no technical issues, go ahead and read another rewiew about the actuall game, it might serve you well.however, if you like to take precuations, read on my friend.i bought the game of Steam, downloaded it (remerkably huge file...)and then headed on to set up the sbuscribption via the Elder scrolls online webpage.Except i couldnt...the ""Account"" Section of it all refused to load for me, and the issue remains a mystery.after a bit of trial and error, i made contact with the support group.good sides of the support team.Good:Polite.HelpfullShort waiting time.We exchanged several emails every day in the timespan of a week, where they recommended various approaches.but obviously after a week, i started to become impatient and aggrivated at the lack of progress.After having tried to access the ""Account"" tab from three different computers and three different internet connection points, without success, i served them the ""Ultimatum""... either get it fixed, or give me my money back, i aint paying for a game that dosnt work.at this point they ceased all contact with me, gone a bit more then a week since last correspondence, still no sign of a solution, still no sign of my money.after a bit i managed to set up an account using my cellphone, still the game itself refused to let me on.as far as i am concerned i was just scammed by one of the most popular game creators ever."
76561198044097989,Recommended,306130,11335699,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,omegablue0231,"I wish there was a neutral option for reviews or a rating system. I guess I'll just recommend this game.It's a good MMO, and worth the 50% off price going on right now. That being said this is not a multiplayer Skyrim, it's a first person WoW with a few improvements that help it stand out and somethings that are worse like limited number of skills you can have on your bar.I've played a few big name MMOs and I'd rank this one above SWTOR and WoW, but below Guild Wars 2."
,Not Recommended,306130,13627249,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Wea Wea Boo,Does not accept Discover
76561198068666388,Not Recommended,306130,12175582,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Emacs23,Really boring
,Not Recommended,306130,11955281,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Artix_Pheonix,You might as well get WoW! This isn't the Elder Scrolls I Know and Love...
76561198154062134,Not Recommended,306130,12094228,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Sukidar1011,"Don't buy this game on steam ,Purchased from 9/12/2014 and then they closed my account permanently  at 9/13/2014 ,they only give me one day to play :) ,even if i didn't use any third party programs such a bots/hackthey just looking for your money , beware !"
,Not Recommended,306130,12084523,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ThameR,Skyrim is much better
76561198009650773,Not Recommended,306130,34419786,Posted: 22 August,all,lefab,"Too many updates (and huge size), servers too often down, invetory management even worse than Skyrim, fights still as boring as Skyrim (most of the time, just stand and hit same button non stop), downloaded files location and installation folders not properly managed with Steam (basicall it downloads 80GB for installer, then uses 80 additionnal GB for installation, does not let you choose properly the installation folder, so if you have an SSD with less that 160 GB available, you may encouter issues).Huge deception for me."
76561198134687341,Not Recommended,306130,12280273,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Laviniu.L,"let me get this true so i take the game ,pay it and i can;t log in in to my account!WIth the purchase you have 30 days so at least first 30 days i don;t have to pay because i take the game si somebody cand explain?""Notice: Elder Scrolls Online account required to play.30 days unlimited game play included with purchase. Valid payment method or paid game time card for subscription and persistent internet connection required.The purchase of a Standard or Imperial Edition game cannot be combined with any existing Elder Scrolls Online account and has to be accessed separately through the Steam client. The 30 days of game time is only accessible with a new account and cannot be applied to an existing account."""
76561198089347664,Recommended,306130,11342746,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,daydreamingbruce,"it's a decent game,you just need to accept that it's a mmo that also provides the experience of single-player rpg,the graphics are good , soundtracks are great, at least half of the missions are interesting ,monthly subscription is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for sure, but you can always unsub if the game runs out of new features, and come back when big updates hit the ground, i'll recommend it"
,Not Recommended,306130,13160347,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Alec The Cowboy,dont buy this it is a waist since you have to pay the full price then over priced memberships that are very short
,Not Recommended,306130,12075637,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,George Bush,it doesnt work
76561198036731306,Not Recommended,306130,26676817,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,poh,"Got hacked and hacker used my account for gold farming. Reclaimed account, got banned for actions of the hacker. Spend your money elsewhere"
,Not Recommended,306130,28902406,Posted: 1 January,all,xaP,"There is no customer service! almost all the replies are automated. you cant even appeal to them because you are talking to a ROBOT.CE = temp banWrit exploit = 3 day banAcount sharing = temp banPermanente stunning exploit = no ban (RIP PVP)Gap closing up keeps or whatever = permanent banNone of this makes any sense at all!if you make a thread on official forums complaining about this, they will close it due to DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS!!! WTF?overall, game with good porential with no HUMAN customer service"
,Not Recommended,306130,34002781,Posted: 3 August,all,Leo Ri,"The game is boring:1) most of the quests are boring (yes! i read them)2) inventory limit is annoying - it fills too quckly and then they offer to solve the problem by buying super duper cranky plus account, but i already bought the game(!), so, most of the time u simply look how to free your inventory3) i start to fall asleep in dungeons: too easy, the best way there is to get the wrong partypros:1) elder scrolls lore, thats it"
,Not Recommended,306130,34049391,Posted: 5 August,all,ChIcKeN,Massive RPG = Pay to playMissions are repetitive... Borning and not engaging in any way.Leveled to 10 as soon as I could so my friends and I could do some dungeon play only to find out you need to buy DLC's  what a crock of♥♥♥♥♥♥..I would return it but I went over my 2 hours of game play. Skyrim was a awesome game but this one licks pouch.
,Not Recommended,306130,34102854,Posted: 8 August,all,CozyBunneh,"I don't recommend buying the game on Steam, I basically need to reserve 160 GB of disk space for it. First downloading it from Steam takes 75.6 GB, then running the launcher it tells me it needs 80 GB to install, that's just horrible for a game that wont take up nearly as much space in the end."
76561198035845077,Not Recommended,306130,34493526,Posted: 25 August,all,GoatBoy,The Loading Screens: Online. Nice music tho
,Not Recommended,306130,31148383,Posted: 14 April,all,Meddle,It's still bad.
76561198094267043,Recommended,306130,12284074,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,atlfalcon8,ABOSULTELY LOVE THIS GAME!!! All the amazing details and staying with the lore of Elder Scrolls. The ONLY downside is that there is still some minor issues but it is a fairly new game. Does blow that i payed full price and went on sale a week later. Still a great game
,Recommended,306130,12291853,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,SmallBlockNick,Great game.
,Recommended,306130,11430184,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Lukash,"At first when i wanted to buy the Game i saw all these horrible reviews. i still bought it after a fiew times of visiting the page. And its Great. dont expect a Skyrim. People are Idiots of thinking they can Compare this to Skyrim or Oblivion. Like seriously, How ♥♥♥♥ing Stupid can you really be to Compare a MMO, to a single-player RPG. Do you even know how hard it is to Design a Onine MMO with HUGE servers. well anyways the Regular consumer these days is Irrationnal and Obviously Stupid to make reviews like the past ones."
,Recommended,306130,12437747,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Scarlot,"Still haven't figured out how to tame a horse, but I like my staff - it looks like a huge joint!"
76561198062230611,Recommended,306130,12145632,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Hankerfied,"If you were waiting,  I'd wait some more."
76561198117244820,Not Recommended,306130,17125311,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,PainGifter,"Shame on you Bethesda Softworks, this game is nothing more that a money trap. It is not even half the game that Oblivion or Skyrim was. The coop is broken even still, the whole pay for the more access crap just puts a bad taste in my mouth, Pay each month for what, one of the worst games that you have ever made. I paid $80 for the game just so I could get a horse and have access to the imperial race and I honestly feel cheated by it. They had better not do this again or they will have lost me as a consumer forever. With the decisions like they made with this game they probably don't give a F**k. That is what business teaches these days steel what you can and F**k over everyone you can and that is BS. I like how Angry Joe depicted Bethesda Softworks and ZeniMax as Cobra Commander laughing while he F**ks everyone in the A** and taking their money. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!"
76561197996767167,Recommended,306130,11752730,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Mr.GoodKat,download after download. 16 hours later im still downloading :/havent actually played the game yet still gonna thumb it up tho
76561197970339840,Not Recommended,306130,17225032,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,illequine,"*Cynicism ahead, be warned: *I bought this because it was on sale and free 2 play, i'd been in the beta too.My immediate thoughts were, this isnt so bad, after 2-3 hours of play i couldnt help but compare it to skyrim, and world of warcraft.It's neither of those games. The engine running at ultra is pretty poor when comparing it to Skyrim, which is understandable considering it's an MMO. I personally found it difficult to differentiate between NPC's and Players in towns. Weapons and armour have durability, which is a pain in the face if you're playing a squishy class or want to go full healer or something - the AI is actually better in Skyrim from what little of it i'd seen in 2-3 hours.On the plus side, it's a whole lot better than it was in the beta, it just doesnt have the same pull and depth as Skyrim, and it doesnt have the addictiveness of WoW. Which is a shame, because it really could have been a wonderful co-op game.Typical MMO model, pay to get better stuff or dont and grind hard. If that's your thing, go for it.If you're like me and wanted a skyrim substitute dont do it. Preorder Fallout 4 or something."
76561198154029976,Not Recommended,306130,31210328,Posted: 17 April,all,The 9th,Not. Fun.Generic af!Also spent 6 hours downloading patches and crap from launcher and now my refund request has been denied...♥♥♥♥ you ESO!!!
76561198060396398,Not Recommended,306130,13266301,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,STINKFIST,This game is a discrace.  They actually went backward on this game.  Just like WOW nothing new.  Have fun wasting money and time to get to nowhere with little satisfaction.
,Not Recommended,306130,13283094,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Gargantua Profunda,Good:*FPS is highly stable on old PCs*Skill leveling up is well equilibrated.Bad:*The game crashes at every 1.5 hours of gameplay.*Not even HALF of Skyrim is available.*Character animations look broken and not well done.*Socialization is confusing and not good.*All male NPCs look the same.*Quests are rarely sentimental and none of them made me cry (differentely from Skyrim).*Skill trees are heavily limited and aren't shown at character creation.*Graphics aren't even half of Skyrim's.*Way too many over powered characters (Goblins and Zombies and Spiders can kill you at 10 slashes only with a level 8 armor)It's up to you to decide if you want to buy the game or not.
76561197974763255,Not Recommended,306130,13229586,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Kill Switch,"Skyrim or any of the Elder Scrolls games before it?  Yes, I would definitely recommend, but this game deserves neither your money nor your time.  It's extremely mediocre that brings nothing new to the table."
,Recommended,306130,12130235,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,|Xen0[M]orph|*****,great game! me and my brother playing this game and having so much fun. no issue so far.
,Recommended,306130,12300343,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Chief Yeoda,This game is better now for those who doesnt like subscription. Get it now and have an enjoyable time in the land of Tamriel.Probably one of the best mmo's to date.
,Not Recommended,306130,30328234,Posted: 4 March,all,Optimo Joe,"The game is a lot of fun to play but the servers are constantly going down for long periods of time, especially during the weekend."
76561198087007176,Not Recommended,306130,29915754,Posted: 13 February,all,bassjunkie64,fix the facking game launcher already ive spent to much time and money to get f*cked over like that on a game i want to playn i cant recommend this game tell you fix it so its playable one♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off customer
,Not Recommended,306130,32269984,Posted: 8 June,all,Nima,don't waste your moneyridiculous animationsugly outfits characters makeup and ...........
,Not Recommended,306130,24803202,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,cheese.9898,"Disclaimer:This is not a review of the game, but my opinion on the way a few things are HANDLED with the game.This will probably read more like a rant than a review.Here's my current experience with the game:It took nearly 20 hours to download the actual game (my wi-fi isn't the best, so this wasn't unexpected), and then upon launching the game, I was immediately greeted with a massive update to download.That took like 2 hours or so to get to like 30%, but then it said there wasn't enough space available to continue downloading (I had over 5 gigabytes of space, so it wasn't dangerously low or anything).I deleted a couple games, and brought my space up to 17 gigabytes (more space than I had before I'd even started the download in the first place)... And the error message STILL continued to pop up, refusing to accept that I had plenty of space to download.I figured my only option was to close and restart the game, but upon doing so... The download had restarted.When I finally got back onto the main menu (after that update took a couple hours to download), it refused to accept my account.Eventually, I figured out that I had to enter the game's code into my account first (something that was never explained). And this time, when I tried to log into the game again, it said my computer was not authorized to access the game... So it sent an email with ANOTHER code.I entered the code, and was finally able to get to the character creation screen...And then this happened:When I'd finally gotten into the game, I spent nearly an hour creating my character, but didn't click ""create"" yet because I was trying to think of a good name first.So I went to make myself a snack (and thought of a name during that time, which was under 2 minutes), and came back to a message saying the game had kicked me due to inactivity.All of that work down the drain.At that point, I didn't even WANT to make a character anymore... or even play the game at all.I'd spent a lot of time on trying to perfect my character (constantly going back and tweaking every option), and had been extremely happy with the result.This game is the complete opposite of user-friendly.It constantly felt like they didn't WANT me to play their game, and so were purposefully making things difficult (obviously, I know that's not really the case, but that's the impression the game gave me).Who the hell puts an inactivity timer on a character creation screen?And if you decided to do that (for some insane reason), why wouldn't you make that INCREDIBLY clear to the user?Why would you NOT add a message or a PHYSICAL timer that tells you how much time you have before you'd be kicked for inactivity, and as a result, lose all of your progress?Maybe I WILL enjoy the game once I actually play it. In fact, I probably will (I'm sure the actual game is at least decent).However, at this point, I've currently just lost all possible interest and excitement that I previously had for the game... In fact, right now, I actively do NOT want to play the game.It's not like I can refund the game either, since according to Steam, I've played nearly 10 hours (due to updates and such)... Despite literally not even playing for a single second.I really wanted to try out the game, but it doesn't feel like the game WANTS me to try it out.Everything seems to be set up in a very unclear and confusing way, and no explanations are ever provided.This whole experience has just been irritating and infuriating...I'll probably attempt to play the game again soon, and may even decide to take this review down by then (if I end up enjoying it enough).However, I just wanted to make a few things clear about the game first, since my experience so far has not at all been a positive one."
,Recommended,306130,15432496,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Elfezen,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ WHAT IS THIS?? FORGED BY GODS VERY FLAMESDO MY EYES? TELL ME LIES??  A NEW ELDER SCROLLS GAME!THE TIME IS NIGH! I MUST FLY!! VENTRURE FORTH ON MY QUESTGOODBYE MOM GOODBYE DAD AND GOODBYE GIRLFRIENDS BREASTS :(IL BE OFF AZEROTH, SEE YA LATER HYRULEIL BE GONE, ALBION IM NO LONGER YOUR FOOL!!OTHER CRAP FILLED THE GAP WHILE I WAITED TO BEGINTHE ADVENTURE OF MY LIFE IN THE LAND OF SKYRIM!!!(RIP Real Life)"
,Recommended,306130,18831135,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,riot banhammer,someone offered me 1k gold to stand near them and take off my armor
76561198082910703,Not Recommended,306130,13208992,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,fbowna92,horrible staff team HIGHLY DO NOT RECCOMEND.
,Not Recommended,306130,13163850,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,DARK3063,"i never got the 30 days of gameplay codeUpdated Reviewthe game plays like the standard rpg mmo not a elder scrolls game. you can't kill everyone in the town and the only evil thing you can do in the game is stealing things. They also change Your entire chacter to fit their next dlc reset the stats in the skill meaning you'll have farm 1000 hours into getting the now changed skill to the lvl it was, in elder scrolls games i typically run a pyro tank build if you watch my youtube videos, i do it all the time even on the games and they changed my fire skills in the Dark Brotherhood update, and it was changed to poison instead of fire just to fit the new dlc my biggest problem with this is that they did with complete disregard to the people playing the game after this happened i went to support to talk them about it and they said this.my favorite move was the feiry claws but it was replaced with venomous and reverted down to rank 1 witch got me killed and i got confused for a bit then♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and then did this after some pizza then calmed down a bit i don't like that ruined my dragonknight character and normally don't mind updates but this made changes that really effect the game for me because my character i had was mainly fire base and i use mainly stuff that matches my tankish pyro character but now i have this really annoying green with my normally very flame orientated character i would simply like an option for me to have my feiry claws back i know before with upgrading of moves there is branching paths to upgrade system and maybe you could move your venomous claws there and maybe even match the fiery chains with or any other move or even make it a entirely separate class can you please fix this problemTHE PLAYERDARKTheir responseResponse By (Tyler) (06/08/2016 03:50 PM)Greetings Traveler,Thanks for contacting the Elder Scrolls team. My name is Tyler.I want you to know I understand how you feel. I've been there.~~~Unfortunately, I can't change the levels or ranks of your skill/moves.~~~Response By (Tyler)Greetings Traveler,Thanks for getting back to me.~~~I'm going to set this ticket to solved, but if you need more assistance just reply to this ticket. Replying will reopen the ticket.If you have any other concerns, curiosities, or difficulties, let me know!~~~Iron sharpens iron,AND SO WITH DO REGARDS TYLER, WEEELL FAAAACK YOU TWOUnfortunatly this not the last time benthisda support has been an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to meAs even though I have unistalled the game and unsubbed their were still sending me adds about their dlc crap and so i sent them a message again and yes i was slightly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off again at this piont and i was out of pizzaHELL NO I'm 80% i could swore unsubbed this but i will never play that gameagain especially after all the problems I had in the beginning not beingable to play the facking game you're lucky then because the refund systemdidn't exist, otherwise I would have used it and especially at the end whenyou decided to change my entire character to point where the game was a bittoo unenjoyable for me was the final straw and that was a shame at the mostbecause i thought things were looking up tell you did that, you made itquite evident even if you bought the imperial edition you didn't two flyingfacks about players who didn't buy any DLC or paid extra monthly andthat's a real shame because it's rather useless to buy DLC when you haven'tbeat the main story yet now is it, I hope maybe next time you consideradding a bit choice in the mix before you decide to turn every bloody flamein the game green you could have had a completely separate skill tree forthat DLC but instead you changed thee entire game to fit that DLC, morecontent is fine but when you take out the old content to cram it in the newcontent on in there it gets very annoying very fast and that's even with myhorse :LAnd then i was flabergasted at what happen next.Auto-Response By (Administrator)Greetings,Thank you for contacting the Bethesda Team. If you are contacting us in regards to The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited, please go tohttps://help.elderscrollsonline.comand login with your game login details to open a help ticket. This will assist our Support Team in addressing your issue more efficiently.If you are contacting us regarding another Bethesda title, please open a help ticket with our Technical Support Team by visitinghttp://help.bethesda.netand selecting ""Ask Support"".We also encourage you to review our Support Centers for some commonly asked questions in regards to issues you may be experiencing with your products. Our forums are also great places to check for answers to popular questions. You can check them out in the links below:http://forums.elderscrollsonline.com/http://forums.bethsoft.com/Warm Regards,The Bethesda TeamThe facking bot has more power over the game then the people you talk to threw the support.Unfortunatly that wasn't the last time i had to deal with them, the last time was over fallout 4 and i was hoping that maybe this time would be a actaul issue they could be helpful with but they weren't to make things short and the game was completly unrunable it would constantly overheat my 8gb amd graphics card even on the lowest settings. (My biggest complate in the begaining of was they were complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s treating me like i didn't know a thing in the begaining. They wanted me to check amd support and the assumed their was nothing wrong with the game, when i looked threw the support because amd support is just a forum that has other amd custmer in it trying to help other amd custmers and i found the oddest thing alot of people with the exact same card having the same issue with fallout 4. The best thing to come out of going threw amd support was that we figure out how to get cs:go working enough for me to play comp but for some odd reason not casaul and valve was worse then bensidia support but thats for another day)TELL YOUR OWN STORY (this is a lie you get no real choices in the quests)Discover the secrets of Tamriel as you quest to regain your lost soul and save the world from Oblivion."
76561198166506189,Not Recommended,306130,13576080,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Elpresador,"I cant even play the game it keeps giving me errors when i try to download then halfway through the download it restarts, ive spent 10 plus hours trying to install, i wasted 20 bucks on this thing."
76561198149093421,Not Recommended,306130,13625300,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Depression_Session,Completely not worth it due to a monthly or every three month subscription fee. Even after you have dowloaded the game for the full price it requires a monthly subscription wit honly a thirty day free trial.
76561198134779850,Recommended,306130,15003229,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Artemis,"It's not an mmo. It's a multiplayer game that you can play co-op, and it has basic auction house functions and a certain pvp element to it. And you know what, yeah, that wasn't worth the subscription, but with a buy-once model, I firmly believe that it's a damn good price for a damn good single-player game. The biggest plus it has over its SP elder scrolls brethren is the sheer size, each area in this game is much bigger than its single-player equivalent, which makes for really exciting exploring. All in all I'd say you will get your 40-60 dollars' worth of gameplay out of this."
76561198018396515,Recommended,306130,12236679,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Undead Sepoy,After update 3 was released this game became fun again for me.
,Recommended,306130,19464091,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Wodka,"If u force urself to like it , u will like it.i did not like the game but i spent 32euro on it so i forced to like it, now i like it.EDIT: I come from World of warcraft and have had a great experience with that mmorpg , so what i ment in my review above is that i am very judgemental and i just se the surface of the game at start not the depth of it. The depth of it is amazing , I like that its voice acting in all quests. Immersive music. I like the fact it reminds me somehow of skyrim gameplay, That i like very muc. C:EDIT: I am a healer in most MMORPG , and i like the fact that they have not removed the ""healer / tank roles"" like some mmorpg try to do , I like the role system . DPs , tank , healer. Cus i feel special."
76561198066864307,Not Recommended,306130,17837738,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,AKM,"Its not what i expected to be honest. I dont know what I expected, but it wasn't this. Not awful, but not anywhere near worth the asking price, and to think in the beginning they tried to hit you with both a 60 quid bill and a monthly feee. Lol, no wonder they changed that out..."
76561198119371649,Recommended,306130,25232477,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Pusern,7/10
76561198008317102,Not Recommended,306130,28971496,Posted: 3 January,all,Stumpy,"I believe that game franchises are like families.you get the Parent game,where it all started, a game that made us fall in love with the ""family""then its sequal, usually better than the firstwell this is the family's black sheep. the ""special needs"" kid that the family locked up in the basement.im a extremely big fan of the franchise,but this is the first time i regret paying for one of their games.(i purchased the game for myself and a friend)"
,Not Recommended,306130,29848228,Posted: 11 February,all,k a r u z a,"-----Updated-----For anyone who are going to install this game, make sure to apply this hotfix from Nvidia that i got from Nasi_Kucing and Avenging_Martyr. Big thanks and kudos to them.http://nvidia.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/4378/~/geforce-hot-fix-driver-version-378.57This hotfix will repair your nvidia that somehow broke the Java in the TESO launcher, hindering it to launch.But why I put this as a negative review?Because this was a big turnoff for this game. it goes silent a long time, but as the game get discounted and many people are playing, the issues grows bigger and the solution is only popular hours ago.I really wish any new user wont have to struggle with this kind of errors, and if you are going to buy this, get your Google ready.------Previously-------Please can anybody help, I somehow cannot install this game even after ive downlpad it fully, and mu pc specs is high end. The installer somehow wont run after th java run.  I tried to install it with bethesda launcher but now steam wont link to the game and i dont have the account to play.Why i put this on the review? Because ive never been this frustrated with any game before, and this is a great turn off."
,Not Recommended,306130,30337060,Posted: 5 March,all,Dark Cloud,I bought the gold pack and now can't even start the game after 5 hrs of downloading nearly 60 Gb of data!Is it a joke?
,Not Recommended,306130,26606558,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Anthony,"Logged into my account after not playing for a few months to find my character deleted. Yes, I checked if I was playing on the same server, and no I wasn't hacked."
76561197996879709,Not Recommended,306130,35113572,Posted: 21 September,all,Kydum,"For those who don’t want to read it all, just a few words to sum up this game because I will go into details to share what I experienced and hope it helps people make up their mind whether to buy this game or not (this is not a 5$ / € game after all) and invest time in it.-	Awesome wonderful super great ideas and diversity in this game (gameplay, graphics, character possibilities, etc.). Hundreds of hours of gaming to go through the main content.-	Most unstable game I have ever played. It literally ruins the game play, the challenges and the immersion this game COULD provide (Both Player versus Player and Player versus Environment)Thus, if a game that crashes or shows a major bug (need to enter a console command to continue or a relog) at least one time per game session (~1-2 hours), DON’T WASTE YOUR TIME HERE! You are going to get crazy, this game is NOT for you! Otherwise if you can accept that a game producer sells for over 50€ a game that doesn’t even have the stability of an early release software, well this game MAY be worth it for you ;-) Now, let’s see why I say that.After over 1300 hours of gaming, playing 8 hours per day average, I experienced dozens and dozens of different bugs. Graphics, physic engine/collision failures, latency, connection issues, commands input locked and others. After all those hours, even if there were amazing ground breaking ideas, the first word that comes to my mouth when thinking about this game is BUGGED! Right now, I end up knowing by heart the time worth waiting before crashing the game manually with windows task manager because it is faster to just restart the game and relog than wait for the loading screen to end, or the issue to be resolved inside the game.I have nothing personal against the game developers/designers, the content is amazing, they put great efforts into improving the game for Player Versus Player (PVP), there are tons viable of equipment/sets, skills, class, races possibilities that make this game one of a kind. New content (Zones, Dungeons, Trials) is always great to explore in Player versus Environment (PVE) and the initial content is already HUGE! DLCs add real challenges that make room for every player, so that you can still have fun as you get more and more experienced at the game.But the bugs ruin it all. April 2014 is the release date of this game… More than 3 years past that and still feels like a good early release. In April 2017 before buying the game I read older comments talking about bugs and thought they would have been fixed. THEY HAVE NOT! I cannot understand. The community, that is very nice, has been asking for fixes over the years and crashes are still there.What is important for me when I play a game are the feelings I experience and the challenges I overcome. This game is made of strong challenges that makes you feel awesome when you succeed, yet the technical issues of game implementation seemed to be stronger as the overall feeling is bitterness left by crashes/lags/fps drops at the wrong moments and all over the place especially in PVP.For those who decide to buy the game, some piece of advice to enjoy it:-	Get add-ons (disable most of them in PVP), default UI is not adapted to the huge content this game provides.-	Ask the community for help (zone chats/guilds), it is one of the nicest ever!-	Try to forget crashes and enjoy adventure on the go!"
,Not Recommended,306130,33512648,Posted: 13 July,all,The Goat Who Waited,Loading times are insane.
76561198124050708,Not Recommended,306130,33490716,Posted: 12 July,all,big dumbass,"Boring, repetitive, and heavily grindy. Would not recommend this game, clearly just a paycheck for bethesda."
76561198136268486,Not Recommended,306130,32208272,Posted: 5 June,all,lasaramander,"I really do love this game. When i can play it.Everytime there is a patch, maintenance or update there is problem. Just update and i have had to repair the game twice and it still wont let me on.The game is great but you need to be willing to put the time into the updates and constant issues with launcher."
76561198004622020,Not Recommended,306130,11612204,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Mittens,"80GB to install the game? Gee isn't that great. Except it's more like 95. No problem on my desktop, but on my laptop with the 125GB SSD? That's not going to happen. Total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t considering it really only takes up about 40 when it's actually installed. BEWARE anyone who has a small hard drive."
,Recommended,306130,28250945,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,ape child,nicks gay
76561198089443149,Not Recommended,306130,13803123,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,tully.lynch,doesnt even download properly get to 3% and says webget cant be requested
,Not Recommended,306130,15238421,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,µ,It's a good game but I can't enjoy playing it as I keep getting disconnected for spamming without having written anything at all.
,Not Recommended,306130,13839443,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Acepg,you know it sounded great when it was anounced but now that i am trying to log in to the game as ive waited hours to play then i find out you need to buy a monthly subscription to even play now i ask why pay 50 + 13/14 dollars to play i feel ripped off and wish i could get a refund i would not have paid for the game if i knew you needed a subscription to even launch a game that i dont even know if the god damned quality is great i feel this scam should be removed i swear its worse than diablo: reaper of souls
,Not Recommended,306130,15480696,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Pilot,"**PLEASE READ**Honestly I want to like this game.. but I simply cannot. It was fun the first 50 hours, then you come to realize its just another mindless mmo, doing hundreds of pointless quests with little reward in the end. In my opinion, the questing in and mmo is what you are doing most of the time. And questing is missing something in this game, theres no sense of accomplishment when you complete it. And they are, for the most part, just bland ""go kill this"" or ""go through a portal and press a button""  Trust me, it gets boring FAST after you realize what it truly is.Now for the most part, they fixed the long loading screens, but what comes with instant loading is that there are textures, items, and important people missing, so you have to wait 5 minutes some of the time for it to load. Another annoyance I have is that there are forced relogs, every 2 minutes in a town you may show up at a loading screen for about 10 seconds and then you get to play again.Stealing and combat. These are the things that keep this game alive. Combat is excellent, you can really experience the flow in this game. You can move around, block, attack, bash, dodge, and use abilities to demolish your enemies. Stealing lets you steal most of everything in Tamriel. You can also sell the items at a hideout to get a ton of money.Crowns let you purchase special items, including mounts, pets, costumes, consumables and packs. But it takes away that ""elder scrolls"" feel to it. Yes, I understand it is an mmo, but 60$ should be enough for free gameplay.Pvp, the best part of the game. You can siege castles and ride in huge crowds to destroy enemies. Although, pvp does need some balancing for lower levels."
76561198072959719,Not Recommended,306130,13733995,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,FlaccidDongles,"why would i have to pay for download but then have to pay to play, its 60$ for download, i mean this made me so drunk with anger that i punched a hole in my wall. i mean i know it cant be changed now but seriously how much money do u guys need...."
,Recommended,306130,20206562,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Spook Island,"Skryim with multiplayer, more spells and abilities, people can be werewolves or vampires, etc...Gem of an MMO.  Bethesda did a great job and this game will probably serve as the catalyst for any future Fallout MMO they develop."
76561198130398787,Not Recommended,306130,34022220,Posted: 4 August,all,MasterRat,"Don't listen to what these idiots say it's not a superior MMORPG WoW is way better IMH. This game creates a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ elder scrolls experience, it doesn't do a good job at being a single player game, nor a MMORPG. Playing it is like settling for a half♥♥♥♥♥game. The characters are extremely unnatractive, and their models are the equivalent of morrowind which came out over 10 years ago. Biggest waste of money I've ever spent."
,Recommended,306130,19864174,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Kira Girl,This file is so big.
76561198033547435,Not Recommended,306130,17741067,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Ham Lord,it's♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,306130,22079056,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Kanadra,"Boring solo play, poor team tools and almost computer generated feel to the quests. PvP was a lot less epic than anticipated and it has a very bland grinding MMO feel to it. Great communication and crafting tools. 4/10"
76561198309421717,Recommended,306130,24037144,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Erequas,Honestly. Graphics are more like Oblivion than Skyrim. Everything seems to have taken a step down from the last game. It's like the developers thought they could get away with a crappy job by putting in multiplayer.
76561197979080461,Not Recommended,306130,16805465,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,seyber,"The game is ok but after a while it turns into a bit of a booring grind. You soon stop bothering to listen to all the quest details.. blar blar go to this place and listen to this dude with strange name tell you somthing wack. click here kill these guys ... I found it difficult to build the kind of charactor I wanted you don't level up that much and all the combat turns into running a set of special pre-programed attacks. see bad dude prest 1,2,3,4 on your key board. press E to pick up loot kill next dude. ...   The charactor progression dosen't really allow you to become cool at one thing. because you kinda have to have all the skills to some degree.   Playing wiht other people on the lower levels is also kina lame there is no mic link up so you the other players just feel like over actice npc. Apparantly I have played this for 48 hours but my dude is only level 11,  Some comments suggest to game dosen't really start until you reach level 10 and can do PVP,  right but whats the job is playing for 48 hours waiting for the game to start.  Its also kinda over priced for what now fun its not."
76561198131243238,Recommended,306130,18831419,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,michael036k,Such an Awesome game I don't know where to begin listing the awesomeness
,Not Recommended,306130,24283732,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,MidnightSerenity,"Warning to everyone who is thinking about getting this. There is a lot of content for this game stuck behind a paywall. It would currently as of this writing cost you over $100 dollars to gain access to everything. I wish I'd done my research and discovered all this for myself before buying this game.I purchased it, waited over 2 hours for over 20GB of patches, finally got in game only to find I wouldn't be able to do some things without buying multiple DLC's. But of course, the whole time the launcher was up downloading these patches it was counting toward my steam playtime and now they refuse to give me a refund. If you don't want to pay the price of this game plus over $100 more to be able to actually enjoy it then look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,306130,19958592,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SocialistCommunistJEW,Bad game bought for friend and self and downloaded for hours and once it was finally done we couldn't play it black screen and we found no solution.bad game could not even play
76561198193602583,Not Recommended,306130,20574459,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kitchenraider,It sucks just dont get it.
76561198172872825,Not Recommended,306130,23952540,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,suntzu073,"I love skyrim, been playing it since day one. I still play it, thanks to all the modders who continuely expand the world  with wonderful mods. I'm not big on mmos . This game was recommended by a colleague at work, who also  being an  elder scrolls fan, said it was great even in single player mode, which was the only reason I got it.Alas, I played for approx 2hrs.  so I'm stuck with a game I don't even play. I play all pc games with windows pc controllers (I came from consoles  abt 10 years back, never to return ) no plug and play  controller support unlike it's predecessor,  which  has been around since 2011.  That was the beginning, the quest lines for single player ( the only reason I purchased the game )  weren't as epic or had the sense of grandeur I'd expect in an Elder Scrolls game. So disappointment would be the operative word I'd chose to describe my  lofty and probably uneducated expectations.I should've researched thoroughly, like I normally do before I purchased. I definitely know better. I feel like such a noob to get caught out there like that. I heard  Elder Scrolls, colleague skyrim fan recommendation and  attempted to execute a reverse dive; 3 1/2 somersaults, in a empty pool. I blame no one, but myself. I have friends who enjoy the whole mmo experience, and really enjoy this game from that stand point. I'd sell  them the game, if they didn't have it already,so there's that.I'm waiting for skyrim special edition to drop, listen to the feedback and maybe give it another playthrough. Hey it's free, nothing to lose there. So like if anyone doesn't know by now that this game is mainly about online play, not really created for the epic quest driven storyline, single player in mind, this review is for you.Lesson learned."
,Not Recommended,306130,21837418,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ʟʍʟʏ ๖Legend,.
,Not Recommended,306130,22497820,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,DamnSight,"completely NOT what I was hoping it would be.Maybe what I'm looking for D&D in a game with other people.I don't know if such a game exists, but I'm going to find it.I guess I hoped ESO would be Skyrim (immersive solo RP) but as an MMO, which it is definitely not.Sorry."
76561198156682851,Recommended,306130,23738802,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,RagingFrost1771,cool game
,Not Recommended,306130,32487502,Posted: 16 June,all,Satisfaction,"Game is excellent. But i will just press the ""No"" botton.. Updates are made only for the devs to make money. And they are not focusing on the game experience for players with the core game."
76561198220807288,Not Recommended,306130,17730768,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,xXx420BlazeItPoopiedoopie.MLG,"At first glance this might seem like ""Skyrim online"", but its definetly not. Characters look very different from other Elder Scrolls games and gameplay is different. You level up incredibly slow and leveling just feels unrewarding. Game tells you you could build your character in all directions but thats not true. There are ""elitist"" builds and the rest is just plain weak, most guilds dont even let you in if you play the ""wrong"" build. Most skills either look stupid or...well.... are stupid. If i have to skill dragonKNIGHT on magicka do do dps something went wrong imho. Game got like zero endgame and is just about a dicky community and leaderboards. Combat system is a huge backstep from previous ES games. Adding flashy effects doesnt make it interesting. Also the armors this game offers just look stupid and the shields and weaponry seem to be miniatures, seriously a 2h weapon is about the size of a 1h in, say, skyrim. Quests are more or less all the same: go to this town clear this or that threat, go to next town, clear this or that threat, rinse, repeat. Game is not for fans of the elder scrolls series imho and offers a variety of options, that in fact, doesnt exist."
76561198083313463,Not Recommended,306130,17167414,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,94adamtp,"This could have been a good game. As it stands the constant and unrelenting server problems make it a terrible, horrible and unforgivable waste of money. I'm honestly too upset to say any more about it, and if steam refunds did not exist I may have never have bought another game again. This game is disgusting and i wouldn't wish this waste of SIXTY DOLLARS on my worst enemy."
76561198068493720,Not Recommended,306130,25025269,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,XaXa,It comes down to this.   ZOS has a gem in their hands but they dont realize it.  this has the potential to be the best MMO hands down... However ZOS is too preoccupied with making cash grabs from the cash shop to notice.   On top of that the constant release of single player content instead of group content in an MMO means the game eventually gets old.   This is not a game for hardcore MMO players. ZOS current agenda with this game is to sucker in new players every DLC then as soon as those new players become more veteran players ZOS throws them to the side to sucker in a new batch.I had fun at first.  But I have just quit due to ZOS policys.  If they get their crap together then i will return.
,Recommended,306130,25069799,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,God Himself,Its good xddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
76561198110511378,Not Recommended,306130,26512836,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Mo' Cake,"Let's be honest here. Elder Scrolls online is really similar to World of Warcraft. I liked the Skyrim gameplay much better. What's more, there's simply not enough spells and the spells aren't quite awesome enough. However, I can't say Elder Scrolls online is complete fail, as it did encompass some new, exciting features."
76561198091554681,Not Recommended,306130,30194875,Posted: 26 February,all,Luziano (Team Bowhunting),"If you are a fan of The Elder Scrolls Saga, do not buy this game, it will certainly disappoint you. It feels a lot more like a 2010 free MMORPG game than an Elder Scrolls one."
76561198036012838,Not Recommended,306130,30480521,Posted: 12 March,all,Tdangle,Pros:Good GraphicsGood SoundGood QuestsCons:Completely unbalanced PVPINSANE load times 4-5 minutesLack of community
,Not Recommended,306130,28264388,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,artificial.intellectual,trouble linking the accounts
,Not Recommended,306130,28519615,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,hell_spawn_1337,"This game and its developers are terrible. I bought this weeks back and the game has never worked. It says, ""An error occured, please try again later."" Well here I am weeks later and it has still yet to get past the loading screen. Meanwhile, ESO support has given told me to check the forums despite the fact the forums say to contact support for their error. Then they troubleshoot the wrong error code. Then they tell me to open hundreds of ports to the internet in my firewall (not an option) Then they tell me to disable add-ons, which you can't with ESO Gold because it is all bundled. Then they tell me to run the game with administrator rights which didn't work either.  Did I mention that every time I write back saying their suggestions didn't work I get another email saying that they are sorry for my continued trouble and that I need to reply back if I am still have trouble.Bottom line, I want my money back. This company is just terrible."
76561197972215823,Not Recommended,306130,26676427,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Raphael,Wow bought gold edition and I couldn't use imperial.... Also the combat is really boring insanely easy you really don't have to do much.  Quests are boring too fetch quest after fetch quest the tutorial felt epic but after that you're on your own doing fetch quests.
76561198008181515,Not Recommended,306130,29920317,Posted: 14 February,all,jamespbates,"Despite trying several fixes from the forums etc. I could not get the game to launch, after nearly a day of trying. Refrund requested. I also must note that for an online game certain (but not all) sections of the online forum communites were more interested in telling me how awful/stupid/suicide-worthy I was for having problems with the game in giving helpful advice."
,Not Recommended,306130,34404429,Posted: 21 August,all,Saru,Horrible account recovery
,Not Recommended,306130,29445999,Posted: 23 January,all,ryanrx,"£50 for this.I bought this back when it was £50, now don't get me wrong, I like MMORPGs... This is not a good MMORPG, it's boring, the enemies lack variation and everything's very grindy and has a lot of rinse and repeat.Oh, and when I asked for a refund, it was declined! I'd been installing it on the launcher for 2 hours, and Steam counted those 2 hours as playtime which I hadn't realized until another 2 hours later. So 4 hours of playtime and I'm scratching my head for a while wondering what's happened and I finally figure out! I played for about another hour and haven't touched it since the day I bought it. £50 for only 5 hours of fun, jeeze..."
,Not Recommended,306130,31145230,Posted: 14 April,all,Ashrywer,"Quests are amazing but man the cosmetics in this game, ewww"
,Not Recommended,306130,32230902,Posted: 6 June,all,globeadue,"A game I try to get interested in and rapidly grow bored of within days everytime I install.Multiple characters leveled into the 10-20 area and several in the 20-30 area.I hate the interface, it stinks of something designed for a joystick to interact with.I tried again with Morrowind release, 2 days and on the 3rd day I uninstalled after leveling a warden to 15.Perhaps if they got rid of Dolums but at the same time, I bet that's what is keeping the players they have playing. Me, I can't stand that the only constant leveling comes from running back and forth between dolums.Dungeons are fun, of the 20 or so dungeons runs I've done, I liked the mechanics, was utterly clueless of what was going on, and if it wasn't for players in group who had done them before would have no idea about how to beat the boss.  They also seem very long, by the 3rd boss I'm wantign to leave and go do something else but there ends up being another 2 bosses after.Another factor is that they refuse to merge non steam account with a steam account.I can't review the morrowind expansion here despite having 69.3 hours of morrowind play because despite playing on steam, i had a physical key unlock so launched game through Tamriel Unlimited. Really bad mismangement of content/expansion/account synchronization."
76561198073223353,Not Recommended,306130,31682622,Posted: 11 May,all,Peter,"The game was amazing. Before the One Tamriel update.They have completely removed any progression you feel from levelling. If you are level 10, in level 10 Green gear, and you level to level 11? What happens? Your stats go up! ... Right?No. They go down. The level scaling sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I wish they would just remove it. This game is now completely tailored to what people call, 'casuals'.For those of you, who are saying 'Oh! Now it's like classic Elder Scrolls!'. No, it's not. Try that in Morrowind, run to the centre of the island, and see how long you last. Enemies don't scale. You Progress. You could also kill ANYONE in Morrowind, even if they're main questline people. In later games, they're invincible but you can still attack them. Wtf is the point. Oblivions most popular mods, were also mods made for the removal of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ level scaling.Enemies are CONSTANTLY the same amount of threat, IF you replace your gear with level-appropriate gear. If you simply level, then the game becomes impossible. Enemies scale to your level, everywhere.Their excuse for this, was, 'Oh now you can play with anyone anywhere!'. Sounds good on paper, but when a level 9 in grey gear, can out DPS, out Tank, and out Heal you when you're level 40+, in green or blue? Fighting the exact same enemy, anywhere? Where's the fun? What's the point in levelling? Your stats go DOWN as you level! It's absolute crap, and it's a shame. It ruins, what was, my favourite MMO out there. I've only ever subscribed to 2 mmos, this and Neverwinter. Do yourself a favour, get Neverwinter."
,Not Recommended,306130,11614328,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,MaSSlina,"The game is still in BETA. Bugs , unbalanced characters, u feel no drive to play , guild sistem si off and to top things up u feel no connecttion with the story whyle playing.This is a big pile of S**T."
,Not Recommended,306130,11344083,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,-M4st3r Kr3w-,"Nothing like skyrim, its your everyday mmo.its similiar in some aspects while being completely different core gameplay.Because of subscription i dont reccomend. get guildwars 2 instead.both have same elements gw2 seems to have more while paying less."
76561198092451205,Not Recommended,306130,31203662,Posted: 17 April,all,Aerion,I cound not even play the game because I did not got futher then the update screen.
76561197993723445,Not Recommended,306130,34566222,Posted: 28 August,all,pkramer,"I love the Elder Scrolls and I liked this game in closed beta. But it's not honestly advertised. You do not need 85GB of free space to install it, you need 170GB. I have a 256GB SSD, so that was quite the problem. While I was moving the installer to an external HDD I noticed that was counted as ""playing"" the game because I had launched it ""play now"" after a 14 hour download.Having moved the installer from C (an SSD) to E (a USB 2.0 external harddrive) I could install it on E but if I tried to install it to C it asked me to download the entire thing again. I don't find that acceptable and as such I do not recommend this product and have asked a refund.Be honest about your system requirements Bethesda. And don't make it impossible to install it from an external drive to an internal drive. I would have loved to love this game as I am eager to play another episode of Elder Scrolls, I was even willing to let by suspension of disblief go as far as playing an MMO where the world has been saved by every player that came before me but I will not accept a game that is such a headache to install."
76561198083249221,Not Recommended,306130,17245312,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ericschafer7,"Game is very good. Did not get to play except initial 2 hours after download. When I attmpted login the next day and subsequent days, login failed. Steam incorrectly reports 6 hours game time but I have running dialogue wiith game's tech support  that recently insists router problem. My son has down load works on same home network. My account does not work on his machine that works for him and his account does not work on mine. I need a reload and will need new CD key but can't find the uninstall and reinstall feature I used to be able to find on steam for games I purchase. That approach is my last hope as steam claims I have played a game I can't use.  If I can't get sufficient support I will no longer buy any games from steam. ESO's tech support is hard to use too. I guess everyone wants to sell but not support games."
,Recommended,306130,17843913,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,13irth,lol.. I should have bought this on sale.. 80 dollars and I barely play this. :II enjoyed this game for a while.. made friends.. but.. I just.. lost interest..I wouldn't recommend anyone playing unless they REEEEALLY LOVE mmos..
76561198165276653,Not Recommended,306130,15593235,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Foxer,wish it was easer to get started
,Not Recommended,306130,16966277,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,MassacreX95,"I do not reccomend this game due to the fact that this feels like a single player title with the hardest most restricted multiplayer elements in quest sharing i've ever seen....You must be elegible to do your friend's quest. 1. You cannot have already done the quest. Guild Wars 2 had no issues with this because playing with your friends and having fun was the goal. 2. The quest cannot be a main story or alliance based quest. Really? Why not? what's the point of having an MMO that is restricted in all the ways a Massive Multiplayer Online should never be! I regret buying this game because of that one fact...I was able to live with the lack of good voice acting and the terrible server connections, but not when the game totally ♥♥♥♥♥ on the only reason I bought this was to play with my fellow gamers on a great franchise. I personally give ESO a 4/10 in the PVE MMO aspect. The PVP, I hear, is grand and if that's all you care for, go ahead and drop 60 bucks. 10/10 would refund again..."
76561198165578676,Not Recommended,306130,13212829,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,killer16,"is anybody else having trouble starting there game online. i havnt been able to play for 2 days. i restarted my computer and i downloaded the game again but no good,,im getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,306130,13732175,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Cadence,I wish there were a heck no option.1. I had no freaking clue I had to play monthly for a game i already payed a bunch of money to unlock.2. It doesn't work properly on my computer. ever.
,Recommended,306130,17515849,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,kantır strayk hekır,"Yes, and no.-Pros-Great atmosphere.Unique combat system.A more fun type PVP, probably because of the combat system-Cons-Missing several aspects you'd expect from an MMO. These are lack of dueling with a friend,cosmetics,unique item looks,only a few classes and such."
76561198076809787,Recommended,306130,21674040,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,k3231,Best MMO RPG i ever played :D. Looking forward to thieves guild update.
,Recommended,306130,21685376,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Alchemy,"at first the game didnt work, i added some RAM to my PC, and now its a great game!!!"
76561197962570209,Recommended,306130,26636546,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,o(o.O)o,"Like playing Skyrim with Friends, and not Pay-2-Win!"
76561198116827908,Not Recommended,306130,32834399,Posted: 26 June,all,SinnMaster,Plagued with micro transactions. Great game but the micro tramsactions are what bring this game down.
76561198030626127,Not Recommended,306130,31279818,Posted: 21 April,all,w00tist,"How this game has a 'mostly positive' user review tag I will never know.I didn't spend a second of playing this game not being frustrated over something, whether it be the dull and clunky combat or the glitches (not the charming funny kind of Bethesda glitches, the game breaking kind of Bethesda glitches) or the unpolished look of the game or the unpolished general feel of the game.I guess comparing it to the other games in the Elder Scrolls series is unfair because those games weren't concieved as some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ side project but I can't help it. This game just isn't Elder Scrolls material.I feel that if they started from scratch and made the game feel like the real Elder Scrolls games it would most certainly be worth playing but in the state it's in I just can't recommend it.Really annoyed that I spent money on this 'sub free-to-play' tier game.If you really want the Elder Scrolls Online experience and want to save money, create a character on one of the real Elder Scrolls games you undoubtedly own and then bash your head in with a brick.TLDR: Fisher Pryce Elder Scrolls, aint worth yo money"
76561198259281095,Not Recommended,306130,26693073,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,blindbat119,I found this game unlikable after a short period of time.
76561198068615216,Recommended,306130,16860963,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Dark Omen 1031,"This game is absolutely a blast. I uninstalled skyrim. loved the music and story! I suggest the imperial edition. mount unlocked for all charatcers is sweet. Graphics, gameplay, story, muisic ++++ Its a nice balance between MMO and first/3rd person shooter with full rpg feel."
76561197975814352,Not Recommended,306130,17277850,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Shadowdienastie,"Even with the updated graphics....this game is horrifyingly horrible. The only thing to do is quest and craft. Questing consist of running back and forth talking to people. The crafting is extremely simple. Gathering the ingredients can be difficult on a populated server. Just rush around and hope you happen to stumble upon what you need before somebody else does. When you do fight....it's insanely slow. When using a bow, you literally have to sit and wait while your guy slowly pulls back the string before each fire.  Although I was the same level as some enemies, I only did a teeny tiny amount of damage. They did even less to me. Therefor the battle was never hard, it just took way too long to kill one enemy. There is no way to sell and buy items aside from visiting guild stores that purchased a temporary store front that you can only buy from in one location. If you do join a guild (which I never figured out how to do) you can buy and sell but only within the guild. There are NO npcs that sell crafting material. They only sell stones that are sort of like crafting tokens. You need one for every item you make. I spent about six hours gathering iron to craft, spent about 200 on the stones, and then crafted some items and sold them. My reward....I went from crafting level 2 to level 3 and I got less than 100 gold back. The effort is insane and the reward is worthless. My favorite thing in MMOs is crafting and buying and selling items. Those two things in this game are completely broken. I'm seriously sad and want to cry right now. I was a huge Elder Scrolls fan."
,Not Recommended,306130,21845945,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Burning Rose,"To be honest, I regret every penny I spent on this. After just 10 hours in, it took me out of the action, and begun to bore me. It wasn't about having fun anymore, it was about progressing, hoping that the fun I had with my first couple hours of my game, would return. It didn't. I began to grow more and more annoyed with the toxic community, the less and stellar gameplay and fun value, the poor performance, and the constant crashes. (Which I've heard is only present in 64bit users.) This game isn't a game. Games are supposed to be fun. Games are supposed to be compelling. This is a chore. A ""romp"" through the garbage to find what few good moments there are. Go spend your money somewhere else. This chore is literally one giant fetch quest, with 5 celebrity voice actors/actresses. ""Go here, kill the thing, come back."" Which, you could say Skyrim/Oblivion was the same, but at least I could explore in those games, find new places on my own. The MMO concept doesn't work at all for the Elder Scrolls. ""You are our only hope."" The NPC says to 100 other players. This isn't compelling. I want a refund. But it's too late to get one. They made 5 hours of a really good game, and kept me compelled and intrigued for 5 hours, and bored me for the rest. 4/10. Too many issues. Not fun. Toxic Community."
76561198049434488,Not Recommended,306130,24121996,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MarshallLaw,"Too many hoops to jump through. After a 60GB download and a 35GB patch, ESO didn't send me an email to authorize my PC. If this is how they run things, I'm not interested. Refund Requested."
76561198140226887,Not Recommended,306130,22097716,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Falwinshair,"So far Tamriel has been quite boring. Other players kill enemies on your quest whilst they are doing the same one, so it's so easy to finish them which is highly irritating. The only good thing I have to say, is that the music is good, as well as visually, but nothing spectacular and definitely not what to expect if you have played the original Elder Scrolls games. Will update when I've played more hours, but so far, I am not impressed at all."
76561198202409780,Not Recommended,306130,20160143,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Slimy Turd Ball,"Ok this game looked quite good in the trailer. But in game nah, didnt like it. I have played past Bethesda game like Skyrim, Fallout NV, Fallout 3/4, them games where outstanding. It is probrably the MM0 feature. If you like MMO'S get it. If your looking for an other skyrim well this isnt that. If you want another Skyrim just go back and mod skyrim a butt tone. I would not recommed this game."
,Not Recommended,306130,17674702,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Snus,"Combines the worst aspects of a typical MMO (dull and repetetive combat, dead/non-dynamic world, forgettable NPCs, boring story and dull quests, predefined character classes) with the worst aspects of TES games (linear dungeons, a lack of interesting landmarks, bad UI and clunky inventory, dumb crafting system).Back when I played Morrowind in 2002, I thought it'd be great to live in that world with other players. But, as they say, be careful what you wish for. It's clear now that the magic of TES series is in the fact that you're alone in that world and no other players (jumping or running around) could ruin the immersion for you.P.S. Skyrim and Morrowind are still great."
76561198098426058,Recommended,306130,17838159,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SpeedBall Tucker,"This game is much, much better then any MMO I have played. The various bad reviews are very overblown. The side quests are very good for the most part (Not many fetch quests, and I haven't watered anyone's plants yet), and the main quest is also very good.  Make sure you get into a guild that is active, I find that the game is more enjoyable with allies."
76561198023381158,Not Recommended,306130,18975080,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Bowling,I've bought the Imperial edition but I don't see my Mudcrab Vanity Pet in my inventory
76561198030944187,Not Recommended,306130,21766229,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,AW AW aaaaww,"Crash at start everytime after they update thieves DLCvery very dissapointed, already do everything recommended.even reinstall 36gb (my zone internet connection less than 1mbps so it means about 40 hours)i dont understand whats the point of submiting crash report if nobody contact meluckily i havent spend any money at crown store"
76561198096318896,Not Recommended,306130,21953348,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mr.Roboto,I'm bout this game expecting more then what I was give.●Game never launched passed download and updates●More hype to this game and not in it worth playing●Lastly never actually played the game but it never launching made me never want to play itIn the end I just want the money I spent on this game back but probably will never happen. Thanks a million for zero compensation for buying a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,306130,18535957,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,X A N A R C H Y,cant even get past that loading screen
,Not Recommended,306130,19793586,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mixairian,"Take everything that you loved from the Elder Scrolls series. The unlimited freedom to do whatever you wish, take whatever you want, go wherever you desire, scale great heights, and then remove it from the game. Add other players, grinding quests that can be poached by other players, a lack luster storyline, and you've got ESO. This was literally the first game I've ever returned through Steam.There are plenty of free generic MMO's out there. Snag one of those if you're fiending for an MMO. If you're looking for something of depth and substance, grab Morrowind, or Skyrim."
76561198198959338,Not Recommended,306130,17961224,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,PasstheSkooma,I leveled up fairly quickly because I was ESO plus member perhaps I was looking forward to the DLC as being a member entitles you to the DLC I was never prompted for the download and when I wasn't a member anymore I can't play it! I was a plus member for a long time and paid  a lot for than the game is worth. It's pretty much pay to level up at a decent rate or else you are gonna be a level or two than lower than you should be if you want to progress with quests.
76561198050616832,Recommended,306130,19319119,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Celuthien,AMAZING!!!!!
,Not Recommended,306130,20135644,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Duk on Quack,I dont recommend this game i spent more time fixing this game then playing on the other hand i havent even played this game because of so much problems. I thought this game will be good but no i hate it!!
76561198208166635,Not Recommended,306130,21867738,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,tehcodbreakdown,"This game has a really cool and refreshing combat system. The block mechanic means you dont just cast a spell that will block for you and your team and automatically blocks incoming abilities, instead you have to click your mouse button and predict or react to mobs abilities or auto attack animations. Honestly, the game did a lot correctly in the sense that there was a trinity, there were leaderboards, cool visuals etc.Now, Why do I not reccomend this? So to begin with I didn't play much of the game but that was the issue - I was bored. The start of the game was interesting because I had a new combat system to play with and a tonne of things to get my head around. But then once I hit around level 9-10 I just kept seeing the same thing over and over again. The stairways to dungeons were the same, the bridges used the same design, the mobs were the same and there was an awkward leap between questing levels meaning I was either breezing through mobs or getting my butt handed to me meaning I had to grind on mobs that don't give much exp.I just found myself bored by level 10 and that really isn't a good sign. It was feeling grindy already and that is meant to happen around level cap and due to the flexibility of each character, there is no real incentive to create new characters like in other mmo's.To be fair, I didn't play through on different characters but I predict that they would feel very repetitive. Every class/race can acess all the weapons - which is OK. BUT. There are no different skills - THEY ARE EXACTLY THE SAME as if you were to play it on a nightblade or a sorcerer or a Dragon knight.. This is really disappointing to see. I have played about 1000 hours of gw2 and what I loved about that game is there was a lot of variety. If you picked up a greatsword on a Mesmer it would have different skills and in this case a completely different range than if I was to use a greatsword on a warrior. This is an awesome feature as it kept the game fresh. I was so disappointed that ESO didn't include this. I understand what they were going for but they really ruined that for me.In summary, feel free to try out the game, the beginning is awesome for sure but if you have had MMO experience then I really don't see how you would hit lvl 50 or VR16 and maybe even make some alts, because its just a lot of the same content which is a massive shame. There is some awesome nostalgia from Skyrim - not as much as we would hope but it is there.Hope this helps you make a decision. I realise I stated pros and cons but maybe it will make up your mind. If it were me, I wouldn't listen to some review on steam and I would want to try it for myself but this is just me giving my piece of mind."
76561198066318281,Not Recommended,306130,17278403,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,derstorey,Recently game has become unstable - crashes virtually every 30 minutes. until this problem is fixed - not recommending game.
,Not Recommended,306130,21555835,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ArchRay,"I remember playing the beta back in the day thinking "" This game wont last 1 year untill F2P mode comes out"" boy was i right. The bugs and glitches, the lack of personality and depth of the story and the horrible UI makes for a desaster of an MMO. The fact they released the theives guild as DLC is a theift in an of its self. Dont buy this unfinished mess of a platform for DLC you wont get your money's worth even as a F2P game...go get GW2 it has a better story than this mmo and you dont need to buy the story to get what you paid for!Skyrim is a Bethesda game...this game is not a bethesda game. And this game will disapoint you if you go into it thinking it is."
76561198033272626,Not Recommended,306130,23425800,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,*IZUMO*,"I've paid 40$, downloaded 60Gb, passed thru weird and confusing registration process - and after all that it crashes on the Login Screen! Miserable :("
,Not Recommended,306130,19732878,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Jabberwookie,"This is still a bad gameand there is a bad fan boy problem with this game which is the only thing keeping it aliveI am a huge fan of the series, I have played every elder scrolls game since Arena and have tasted every mmo since everquest... But I cannot recommend this game to anyone. It's a very shallow game, no matter how far I play that's what continues to bother me, I would rather go play Warlords of dreanor to be completely honest and pay a sub for that terrible heap.No I know this isnt skyrim and I never had that expectation, since 99.9 of people use that to sully poor reviews.I get it... its elder scrolls, but as a fan I cannot excuse a cheap game.all in all you get massive group all with the same abilities, some times having warrior types, rouge and magicka users using the same exact skills.... thats if you can get past the fact that there is usually more human players then npcs in most areas, so if your down for fast paced action.. good luck, the balance is just off for pve, not to mention poorly executed, sub-par level design like the brothers of strife mission... a massive battle in town with a the release of a creature amounted to three are four npcs dueling it out on the beach and 5 people on this boat supposedly carrying a massive amount of soldiers..Like reading the books and lore? good go play skyrim, oblivion and Marrowind because its just copied and pasted over.recycle, recycle, recycles the same damn art and textures over and over and over in level design and npcs, all the way into the dlcs, adding lackluster armor skins at best... it gets to the point you no longer care about your armor because it becomes a blur, only thing I can say is the justice system which, amounts to stealing items from npcs of alternative money making is innovative but will get old since they put limits on it and invincible guards. kill a mountain of deadric forces, but a guard is literally a god in this game.there is some serious fandom surrounding this game and people praising it since its ""better""it is better... its just not goodit is sad because this game hard true potential, infact, still could if they added more art, classes/ sub specs, fixed the world... really just make it a better game... the game is there, you can just tell it has bare minimum effort put in but started out to be amazing and got scalped in the end and remained that way.. or zenimax is just not good at making MMOs and they know it failed in the beginning... so they are using just enough effort to keep some revenue streaming from it with its name...but never giving the attention it really needs.pass this one over, the only thing that is amazing about this game in the massive beginning cinimatics you can view on youtube. The game bares zero resemblence to this game.dont buy this just because you like elder scrolls and need your fix, just pretend its not here"
76561198161570867,Not Recommended,306130,29236420,Posted: 13 January,all,Cunning,Would not recommend. Seems like a perfect game to play with friends and then those♥♥♥♥♥♥♥go play on there own. 10/10
,Not Recommended,306130,33950880,Posted: 1 August,all,Papa Pyro,"Actually a decent MMO, but because it took on the Elder Scrolls name and ♥♥♥♥ed it anally and then shot it with a double barrel, I have to give this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game a no"
76561198098243191,Recommended,306130,19486199,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Margarello Spaghetto,"GET THIS GAME NOW! BEST MMO IVE EVER PLAYED, ITS LIKE SKYRIM WITH 5 EXTRA BONUS MOVES (MMO ATTACKS) YEAHHHHHHHHH ITS CHHEEEAAAAAPPPPP 100% WORTH IT"
76561198009443165,Not Recommended,306130,34585929,Posted: 29 August,all,JumpToDie,JUST GOD DAMN USE THE STEAM UPDATE SYSTEM THAN YOUR BROKEN♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING LAUNCHER.I had too remove 3 games on my HDD just to update. And what did I update? DIrectX and uninstaller + a patch that took only 10 secs to download(I have around 10 mb download speed on speed at max.I had around 30GB free. It needed 87 to update these things.So. Now I need to install 3 games just because of this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198053570671,Recommended,306130,31069781,Posted: 10 April,all,oqo,"Let's see,- Time sink = yes- Sucks money out of me on regular basis = check- Hours of entertainment = bingo- Is more addicting than McDonald's french fries = YupGreat, game, highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,306130,28997724,Posted: 3 January,all,Patch,Not fun.
,Not Recommended,306130,27909647,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Atomic,this game is worse than alot of other mmos because the grind is worse than vanilla wow or burning crusade and it wasnt ez to lvl there and doing missions and stuff like dungeons doesnt feel rewarding at all in the fact that u can grind hours on end just to get lvl 20 me and my friend grinded idk maybe 9 hours and i got lvl 17 so uh yep i do not recommend this mmo4/10
,Not Recommended,306130,28941060,Posted: 2 January,all,Skywarp,Crashes when i hit play and i have tried to redownload and fin fixes but i never works
,Not Recommended,306130,28987895,Posted: 3 January,all,Kiwi Spy,I did not recieve a CD key so I can not play. :(
,Not Recommended,306130,28962713,Posted: 2 January,all,Woyts,sucks can't play
76561198197816478,Recommended,306130,31119523,Posted: 13 April,all,nuclear0_0war,"just downloaded this game, huge game so it took about an hour, then im hit with a huge patch?!? not cool, at least the launcher is pretty fast"
,Not Recommended,306130,34921745,Posted: 13 September,all,Radegast,"This game won't start trying to contact the support no luck, asking for refund been refused too What the ♥♥♥♥!"
,Not Recommended,306130,32358215,Posted: 11 June,all,rattle rattle,"Oh wow, Toddlet and Bethesda just shekel'd paid mods back into their games. As if having to pay $40 for ESO Morrowind wasn't insulting enough, this.Go back to your midget farm, Todd."
76561198241193962,Not Recommended,306130,32301048,Posted: 9 June,all,N7cengiz,"Do not ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game. I ve seen games in early beta that can function better than this game. The party tool is broken since forever, the monday patches seems to fix nothing and bring up 10 new game crashing bugs. The developers do not know how to create exciting new content. Personally, consider myself lucky if can go trough with a trial vet or normal without crashing once. The grass and the lightning still bugged for AMD GPU's since One ♥♥♥♥ing Tamriel. The new class that they implement is worth nothing as a magicka damage dealer, if my memory serves correct the ice mages in any elder scrolls game were pretty ♥♥♥♥ing powerfull and what we got is this flower loving bear hugging class that does♥♥♥♥♥♥damage. Not only that but this game should ve called elder sustain scrolls. The developer comments at this point is there to justify the incompitence of the developer themselves. There is no verity in builds. Almost all magicka builds uses the same ♥♥♥♥ing gear. Same as stamina. No ♥♥♥♥ing difference between classes. With the morrowind patch half of the exsisting races rendered ♥♥♥♥ing useless because why they lack the necessary resource management perks. The questing in Morrowind is make you feel like a glorified mailman.''go there fetch this go there fetch that'' AND ON TOP OF THAT ME AND MY MATES WANT TO DO A RANDOM VET RIGHT FOR XP AND STUFF IT TOOK US 2 HOURS TO GET IN ONE YOU KNOW WHY GROUPING TOOL IS ♥♥♥♥ING BROKEN. But wait they implemented a ♥♥♥♥ing talvani costume that you cannot dye properly and a ♥♥♥♥ing dewemer spider with steam power. Yay. You know i hope they ♥♥♥♥ing go bankrupt. I hope Gina never finds a job again because she pretty much failed as a community manager. She supposed to be a bridge instead with every ♥♥♥♥ing eso live stream she just waved and smiled away the exsisting problems. Such as loot, lag spikes in cryodil, grouping tool, lag spikes in trials, random ♥♥♥♥ing crashes, broken and cheesy setups. And Wrobel you smiling♥♥♥♥♥♥head there is no place even in hell for you. You should stay the hell away from gaming industry until the end of days. There thats what i think about elder scrolls online.You ♥♥♥♥ing idiots PART 2Well i was wondering how low you guys can get and i should tell you, you guys never seize to amaze me. Now you guys launching another DLC which is a DLC of the DLC? What did we ♥♥♥♥ing paid for when were purchising Morrowind ? Fetching Quests ? The dungeons that you are going to release in 4 days should have been the part of Morrowind and you guys are ♥♥♥♥ing know it. But i get used to it from you guys. Infact i was ♥♥♥♥ing very suprised that you actually fixed something like que for example. You sure took your sweet♥♥♥♥♥time but it is fixed. But it was too little too late. Already people are looking for a new game.  and you guys have the curtisy to say we are gonna stick with the sustain ? Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me? Still insisting on single unified gameplay ? Let me be perfectly clear; not just you but no one can actualy balance 2 different aspects of the game which are PvE and PvP at the same time. One of them will allways be Over Powered at the end. Divide the ♥♥♥♥ing things already and create an envoirement where everyone get what they paid for within a limit. But before you do, ♥♥♥♥ing fire everyone who ever joined to you live streams. I ♥♥♥♥ing hate those people to the point if i see them on streat i will ♥♥♥♥♥ slap them until i get my moneys worth. While you are at it fire some of the suits too because they do not know how to gain trust of the customers. Speaking of which your customer service is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. Before every monday patch i have to take a screen shot of my inventory and bank. You know why, because in past patches i lost 250k gold 1 defending sword of the dragonguard 450 spell potions a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of crafting mats and everytime i went in to have a chat with customer service you know what they asked? A picture. A ♥♥♥♥ING PICTURE. Okay, so are we have to take a screen shot every ♥♥♥♥ing sunday to prove that items are there? What kind of coding is that? Or what kind of bussiness is that? I could actually give you a few tips how to ♥♥♥♥ing save this game but why would i bother? Am i getting paid for it ? ♥♥♥♥ing Nope. But let me clear the day that this game becomes 10$ with all the DLC's i will be laughing my ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥off. You see i have time and you guys are running out of it and with every executive decision you are making it is hasting the process of unavoidable demise.  Also the morrowind is more expensive then base game wtf is that ? How can DLC with no ♥♥♥♥ing fun quest can be more expensive than a base game? Seriously you guys are shooting yourself in the ♥♥♥♥ing leg and dont mind me i love a good gory story i am here to watch and laugh to your failure so go ahead charge people with another DLC of a DLC and launch another DLC of a DLC charge more i am sure it will work. DLC's are the best way to bring back the community togather. Wait i have a better idea why not charge people extra who had purchased morrowind wait you guys are already doing it my bad. Carry on...You ♥♥♥♥ing Idiots Part 3Why do we have PTS testing? Why are the changes that were made to the HotR DLC changed in last minute without notfying the community? Why is the Coding of a simple value is that hard to make? You know what i have no clue what you guys are doing. But to put it bluntly, you are not just shooting yourselves, you are also putting the youtuber's who are making money by creating content about this game at risk. Those youtuber's are the source of your positive advertisement. They are the ♥♥♥♥ing reason why some people still give a damn about your game.  But please continue. You have a community manager (Gina Bruno) who is incapable of communicating. You have a lead designer whose talent and imagination is no deeper than a ♥♥♥♥ing tea spoon. You are  unable to balance nothing and change things for the sake of change. With every patch instead of learning from your mistakes you kept increasing the number of failures.  But who am i right. Lets do recap about your fall;You aimed big and tried to overthrow the World of Warcraft.The game was promising in beta, all of the testers were reported numerous bugs which you failed fix or fix for failure.The big breakout from Eso started, people started to leave the gameThe game became hugely unpopular for a game that is only subscription basedYou guys abandon the subscribe only part and made this game free to play without upgrading your servers.Huge crashes everywhere to this date.You limited the people who can use PTS forums and made it subscribe only there for you missed alot of meaningful feed back from players who used to subscribe but stopped paying it.And now, you guys start to change things in an overnight and PTS meant nothing 1 month testing went in garbage.And you have the audacity charge people for your incompatance ?No thank you."
76561198400686236,Not Recommended,306130,33586967,Posted: 16 July,all,JmZ-x-,"Everything is expensive, you pay for the base game then they want another £40 off you to have the complete game. What a complete scam this game is.Everything is a boring, stale grind with no real interest. No content unless you want to remortgage your house to pay Zenimax for it.An embarrassment to ""The Elder Scrolls"" Franchise and should be discontinued."
76561198062821172,Not Recommended,306130,34578758,Posted: 29 August,all,Face McShooty,Ridiculously broken...But!If you are determined to play:1-Set steam compatability to windows 7 and run as administrator (End all steam tasks to apply)2-In control panel uninstall microsoft C++ 2010 (64) and (86)3-Restart pc4-PrayGoodluck
76561198083393672,Not Recommended,306130,11328133,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,MAKINGDONATION,I'm stuck on loading screen cant do anythings.after I purchased I never play the game.
,Recommended,306130,16492529,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Oricks cs.money,its SO HARD to get coins in this game but the game is gud gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8
76561198104523705,Not Recommended,306130,31229496,Posted: 18 April,all,MexicanHulk,the game wont even start and i cant connect to the eso website to link my accounts.
,Recommended,306130,23271487,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Hbfv,Amazing.
76561198263888242,Recommended,306130,28473874,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ETHAN BRADBERRY,"At first this game is fun but after hours of playing, it gets so boring. The fighting gives me aids, it's so terrible.If you do like skyrim, buy the solo game not Elder Scrolls it's much more fun."
,Recommended,306130,28340323,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Cloud,I only played it for a little bit.
,Recommended,306130,31192756,Posted: 16 April,all,Shaiq,amazing
76561198034308939,Recommended,306130,20220502,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,twitch.tv/wiggly_diggly,Best install simulator on the market10/10 would install again
,Recommended,306130,20238703,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Emacdaddyfunk,Its like Skyrim with guns!
,Recommended,306130,23969286,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,yung vista,"its like doin it while wearing a sanpaper c*ndom, cuz you still get to have s*x but it aint the best cuz you wearing a sandpaper c*ndom"
,Recommended,306130,18937862,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Gavin,So i started a Redguard character and as i was walking through the town all the guards asked me to stop and i put my hands up after this happened around 3 times all of a sudden out of no where a guard runs up behind me bashes me in the head repeatedly then finishing me off. I rate this game 10/10 for being realistic with police brutality.
,Recommended,306130,14440975,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,NEB.ULA,This Game Is Simply... AMAZING!
76561198096268411,Recommended,306130,21071022,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,[RAC AP]SimpleSea[Monster™],"Good game, stil got a lot to learn"
76561198068493817,Not Recommended,306130,16148898,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,broang,"This game support is a cancer. I just played it 1 min and logged out to play LOL. When i wanted to play it, but my account got banned, I was trying to  solve it with their support. They just gave me an excuse that i violated rules in game. How could i violate when i just played it 1min and it is my 1st time to play this trash. When i asked them the details, they refused and said this case has been closed. I hope this company can go bankrupt as soon as possible."
,Recommended,306130,28117725,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Justfrost,"Game is fantastic, sure its not skyrim co-op as what most people that gave this game negative reviews expected but i personally find it be quite close to it, its more of a skyrim and a typical mmo mix and it makes this game awesome.The terrible start and all the negative reviews this game had received is what had driven me off this game earlier, i regret listening to all of them.Game is worth a try but for the love of god do not go into it expecting to be literally skyrim but just with other players, its not, its better once you get into it."
76561198376671653,Not Recommended,306130,32175720,Posted: 4 June,all,parabol42081,my charcter keeps getting locked and the game co help is half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cuase they dont recognise my email buy the game from the actual company so you have an actual account and an actual customer service line and can easily cancel yer account imm still trying to figure that out cuase steam dont navigate easily to the parent company site btw my main has been blocked 2x once for 5 days now this is the second time im done im no troll and my name is sees stupidity so no name violation figure out why im blocked and ill give you a cookie
,Recommended,306130,20061482,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Almighty UnicoЯn,"Good game, wasted 3 days playing this xD"
,Not Recommended,306130,31614445,Posted: 7 May,all,Kinzuko,"community = cancercustomer support = lazyend game grind = 20 sided dice with 1s on every sidedungeon finder = queues that are several hours long unless your a tank or a healerif you like♥♥♥♥♥♥people, 0 customer support, antagonistic RNG and a dungeon finder that punsihes you for having the audacity to be a DPS then by all; means buy it!"
76561198008833110,Not Recommended,306130,32341008,Posted: 11 June,all,Masterman,"I have played 200 hours and I think I should write a review.First of all I stoped playing this game. Yeah the main reason is the community.You can play a lot of solo content but in the end game you have to rely on players/groups toget through the trials and vet dungeons. If you want to experinece the story within a dungeon or trialwhile doing them without your guild.........forget it no timing speeeeeed run......realy annoying.As good as the story is and the different classes with the CP system (which is like paragon from D3) realy are working well.....the community at times is crap. If you search role playing guilds....nah forget it. If you are searching for relaxing guilds ok you may find several but you will only have 6-9 players online at the same time at max.Or you go to big guild.....like 230 + Members....where you can forget building relationships cause the size is just to big.The graphics are realy nice and the customizing of the characters is a real beauty.The class system with 5 active skillls 1 one ultimate kind of reminded me of Guild Wars 1.But it works realy well.You can realy explore a lot, and it is what you expect from an ES game. Everything is very detailed.But what also crushed it you don't have an auction house. You have to join a trading guild (you can joind max 5 guilds) then the guild must bid for an merchant and when you have outbid every other guild you can place orders there. And hope that someone wil buy your stuff. Sure you can sell within you guild but.....I even gave Morrowind and the new warden class a chance but the whole area was overun......Ah yes for geargrinding fands at level 50 with CP160 it ends from gear side. You can level through the 1000+ CP but the gear stays at cp160.Well enough said for me it was not wasted time but I will move on. :)"
76561198046119089,Not Recommended,306130,31561084,Posted: 5 May,all,Inglorious,"This is an amazing game ruined by their programmers. I've been playing for half a year, being subscriber for the past 3 months. But i got tired of the great amount of bugs that Zenimax  doesn't even care of fix. I'm tired of the 12 hours maintanance every monday during daylight in the EU servers and I'm tired of the unbalanced pvp that totally ruins the experience. I've just uninstalled the game and cancelled my subscription. It's the only thing that I can do as a consumer. Maybe in a future they decide to fix the game and I'll return."
76561198054081729,Recommended,306130,22543575,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,lazyloaf,if ur a furry buy this game and choose khajiit and you will have the closest possible experience to being an animal who gets all the pu55y.
,Recommended,306130,26616531,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Scala,Not nearly Skyrim but MMO none the less!
,Recommended,306130,26714441,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Sejeong,perfect!
76561198046814046,Not Recommended,306130,32055183,Posted: 29 May,all,TNT,"I thought this was WOW, ♥♥♥♥ing deleted. 0/10 /s"
76561198113971159,Recommended,306130,34424922,Posted: 22 August,all,Hazze,good
76561198075843830,Not Recommended,306130,31670309,Posted: 10 May,all,Señor Fuego,"Long story short: It doesn't start.Did the reinstall thing, didn't help. Deactivated my antivirus, didnt't help. Actually, I cannot accept, when a game I pay for doesn't work properly (Alpha/Beta stuff excepted). When I have to work on something to make it work properly I won't pay for it. And this thing doesn't even start at all. That's nothing but a effrontery.e/ The 10 Hours are solely spent in the installer"
,Not Recommended,306130,16975917,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,XxKaTiLGeNcOxX,I have downloaded for 2 days but when the download finished i started game but then the patch is downloading for 3ish hours.And steam counts that as playing hours.So i can't return the game for now that i didn't even play it.Don't buy this game if you don't wanna waste your money.
76561198194529557,Recommended,306130,17868948,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Deathminiman,this is different from the skyrim but a good playthe deadric armour needs to be improved though
76561198308627577,Recommended,306130,31491314,Posted: 1 May,all,Keyser Soze,like skyrim
76561198220830816,Not Recommended,306130,20008960,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,KATAKURI!,"i bought this game this day. and install updated, but they didnt send me my id ticket how should i play?"
,Not Recommended,306130,20294739,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ChiliSauceBottle,"Let's get this ""First Impression"" underway.Yes, I only played for an hour or so. And I can honestly tell you, the game still has some bugs, and if you're looking for some immersion.. Don't. It's still bland as a stale piece of bread.But don't let that be the main point here, the game does boom on some aspects, like combat, crafting, and the like. But the problem is, it doesn't have the same ""Spice"" as the single player games. But what can we say? It's an MMO elder scrolls game after all.I could stomach the blandness of the immersion, the little to no thrill in a fight. But there are some bugs as usual, like when I got off my horse, (I had a bounty on me) I was stopped by a guard, but it didn't continue on with the arrest action, my character just went on doing a hands up motion endlessly, while I keep hearing. ""Halt! Damn you!"" until it reached the point of me pressing Alt+F4. But of course that didn't stop me. I played on, and tested it out for my buddies.So far I gave them an A-okay!But then as I try to back it up just in case. It redownloads the whole game! ""Great! I'll waste probably 3 days now! WOOPEE!""10/10 Will let Steam do the deciding. Luckily for those of you who want to play, the devs do answer sometimes. And I can't really recommend you to play the game since it didn't really meet my expectations, I just had to stomach everything. And yeah, I know the review isn't much. But hell..... I ain't going to waste 3 days again...(In short) You want to play this game? Don't hit that PLAY button on the ESO launcher. Exit it make a backup, and be ready.If you don't want to play this game, then I'm wondering why you're still reading this. When you could be looking for something else.Now I'm off to give my buddies an F for FFS!"
76561198089175428,Not Recommended,306130,22057008,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,grothartiligan,"the problem of this game in my opinion is the lac of accessibility, and also a problem with the choice of publisher. a game in my opinion should be easy to access, but this game has so many errors that happen within the install that they have over 200 types of errors that can occur. this is simply a company trying to make a quick buck and failing. not to mention that this publisher also has ruined many online games in the past for me.it seems zenimax has alienated many people in trying to keep within the mold. i so wanted a elder scrolls game were i could go online an meet friends or others. maybe this is not the was it should happen. personally i think they should have scrapped the project and concentrated on something special were like in dark souls you could invite people into your world of Tamriel. all together getting online is just horrible, (and that's with high speed) and the game play is just disappointing."
76561198138112224,Not Recommended,306130,18907396,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,knicksthe1,Wont launch for a month now? I
76561198231481788,Not Recommended,306130,19353155,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,FINITE.,why the ♥♥♥♥ does it stop right after the intro to the game after i log on. it does the preview for the game then i just am in the loading screan for ever. i did just download the Buy The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited Imperial Edition but it wont work for some reason keap in mind i didnt buy  the regular Buy The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited whats going on?
76561198205719067,Not Recommended,306130,19736992,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Bobzilla,"""Host_AuthFail""I was able to play it for a while and it was very fun, but after about a week i tried opening it and it gave me a ""Host_AuthFail"" message. I tried searching online and for answers/solutions but came up with nothing, even tried redownloading it multiple times, nothing worked. Customer support was not very helpful either, so im out $60"
,Not Recommended,306130,19941642,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SWR,"I tried hard to play over 10 hours but... (Nord Race Level 7 Dragon night)Armors and weapons with low graphic resolution, character creation with poor diversity (The Nord race .... they look like Ken from Barbie dolls.And how about the map? It is horrible! poor quality as well.I am very disappointed and frustrated. The quality is too far from the Skyrim V.I have deleted ESO from my pc in order to release space for other game."
76561198007451105,Not Recommended,306130,19963795,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,bigbazza,dont buy this game when i first got it was great but now i cant even play for more than 2 minutes then it crashes not enough severs
76561198035803248,Not Recommended,306130,16547499,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Evan,I have updated the game and it refuses to lawnch for me!!! ive even gone to the point of uninstalling the game and reinstaling it again and it still doesnt work!!!! =( if anyone is willing to help please do so  because nothing else has been able to do so far. I would really like to play this game!!!
76561197995537031,Not Recommended,306130,17274097,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Chesty89,"****It's good, but it's not quite Carling!****I really REALLY want to rate this review with a 'thumbs up' but I am finding it hard, I am a huge elder scroll fan!I can't lose myself in this game and that's what I am finding really hard! I can't explain, there is just something missing, it's like bread without butter...I will give it a break for now and try again in a few days, hopefully it will change my review on this game, we will see..."
76561198082498414,Not Recommended,306130,17320256,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,PapaPonting,Not worth any money yet it is priced at 40 pound .Its hard to reject this game after the ♥♥♥♥ing amazing trailer and previous games in the franchise but this game is unbelievably stale. There are as good free to play mmos out there so go play them instead.
,Not Recommended,306130,17428481,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,elmokiller143,Nope I dont like it take it away!
,Not Recommended,306130,17653194,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Þ,"EIGHTY. FIVE. GIGABYTES. of other players ruining any chance of the game feeling like part of the Elder Scrolls series.♪Uninstall, Uninstall♪"
76561198048202509,Not Recommended,306130,17951246,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,AL The Borlan,"I, personally, am not impressed and feel I spent WAY too much money on this. I have played 16 hours and don't think I'm going to play it ever again.My favorite con:How the idea of emersion, which TES games have been great with, is crap in this. Enemies spawn right in front of you...... and just don't mind, so long as you don't move.  Only MMO I played prior to this is Dragon Saga/Dragonica (I played over 200 hours of Dragonica)My favorite pro: How the game wold is just SO FRIGGIN HUGE and already familiar."
76561198053648536,Not Recommended,306130,18350627,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,MikiRules,"I loved skyrim a lot!  I was hoping for something similar, but was dissappointed. The quest are just boring.  Run here and talk to this person and then run there.  Not enough action to make it fun.  Leveling is just a boring pain and not challenging. What a pity. I had such high hopes."
,Recommended,306130,19641730,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,DigitalMCA,♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME OMISTICOMEGA SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥AT THIS GAME THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥DONT BUY IT!
76561198271947317,Not Recommended,306130,19967393,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,White boi,wat is going on i brought eso yesterday and i have it installed and i click play it tells me i need a so weird program
76561198070637629,Not Recommended,306130,20108802,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Angelo ~,"This game sucks. It has a horrible gameplay, nothing like the previous Elder Scrolls. Enemies are appearing and disappearing, you can't collect what you want from dead corpses, there is a fu**ing huge amount of GIANT INSECTS wherever you go. Quests are totally random, combat system is probably the worst ever appeared in a videogame. Plus it took a whole life to download and activate.Don't buy this game. It is not worth the money."
76561198028583837,Not Recommended,306130,20122529,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,brentallen,it is Dec 30 2015  and so far i regret my purchass.  I was in the beta and as far as I can tell   game play has not changed  much if at all.     I still have had little luck in finding provision recipies  and had to resourt to exhstortion level prices on the player venders  as in  2500 gold for a bottom tier recipie.   I do not recomend this glob of code they call a game.  I would even go as far as to caution you even if it was free  as a waste of quality game time.
,Not Recommended,306130,20306732,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mariner,It is nothing like the previous Elder Scrolls games and is probably the opposite of what you expect!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!
76561197998046227,Not Recommended,306130,21180825,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Kiesnowski,"I bought this game as i had friends that played.  I figured it would be a good time.  prepare for two overnight download events one when you buy the game throught steam and another when the game updates through the third party.  Then my experience was consistant crashes EVERY time when loading the game through steam.  I finally found the direct launcher and was able to make an account and finished an intial quest line to get to the first area.  When i tried to get to the first area I had about a 30 minute load wait for the area which never completed.  Finially decided to exit the game so I would be able to request the refund.  I may try it again in a couple of years if the game is still around and the loading issues get fixed but right now I can't reccommend the game.  BTW I have a new tower, max memory and a  T1 connection.  Not an issue of hardware on my end."
,Not Recommended,306130,21532610,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Aluze,"After the fiasco this game was on beta, 2 years later I decided to pick it up.Most of the major problems (phasing, lack of rewards, lack of economy) have been fixed, while most other persist (poor PvP zone optimization, very basic character appearance customization (and this is an Elder Scrolls game lol), very unbalanced Magicka/Stamina builds that make it impossible to create a purely meele type of character).However, worst aspect of the game is Zenimax complete disregard over it's customers. At the moment I'm writing this, the game has been inaccesible for all countries in South America for more than 3 days (since Thursday 25/02/16). ESO support offered no feedback, or even acknowledgement on the problem and closes tickets with a cookie cutter response that does not even apply to the situation (think the typical ""have you tried turning your modem on and off"" from ISP companies and you got the picture)No F2P game that I've known of has been down for a major part of it's population for more than a day. (I have played PW, Aion, Tera, BnS among others)ESO is b2p, with content paywalls, and it has been down for more than 3 days.Game is moderately fun, but you will get your money's worth anywhere else rather than here.//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////Luego del fiasco que fue este juego durante su beta, 2 años despues decidi darle una nueva oportunidad.La mayoria de los problemas (phasing, malas recompensas, ausencia de un sistema de broker) han sido resueltos, mientras que otros persisten (mala optimizacion del juego en las zonas PvP, customizacion del aspecto del personaje muy basica (y eso que se trata de un juego de Elder Scrolls jajaja), builds de Magicka/Stamina muy pobremente balanceadas que provocan que resulte imposible crear un personaje puramente de combate fisico)No obstante, el peor aspecto del juego es la completa falta de respeto que Zenimax tiene hacia sus clientes. Al momento de escribir esto, el juego se encuentra completamente inaccesible para todos los paises de Sudamerica desde el dia 25/02/16. El staff de ESO no ofrece soluciones al respecto, ni siquiera reconociendo la existencia de dicho problema, cerrando tickets o brindando respuestas premoldeadas que ni siquiera encajan en la situacion (la tipica ""intento apagar y prender su modem?"" de las empresas de internet)No conozco juego F2P que haya estado caido para gran parte de su poblacion por mas de 1 dia. (He jugado PW, Aion, Tera, BnS entre otros)ESO es un juego B2P, con contenido detras de subscripciones, y ha estado caido por mas de 3 dias.El juego es moderadamente divertido, pero mejor invierte tu plata en cualquier otro lugar."
,Not Recommended,306130,23237483,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,haviik,"The Elder Scrolls is my favorite gaming franchise ever. It's great.A lot of people were telling me that this game wasn't worth it. That it was a disappointment to the Elder Scrolls community. And while it didn't necessarily live up to the hype, it's not a terrible game.The story isn't too great. It's watered down and definitely doesn't remind me of a typical Elder Scrolls story.Combat? Eh. For an MMO, it's pretty good. Most MMO's have a combat system that I really don't like, with the point-and-click system, but this one is a little more reminiscent of Skyrim, maybe.Like a normal TES game, the player is given full customization of their character. They look like whatever you want them to look like. Their powers are whatever you want them to be.Honestly, this game can get pretty boring. If you aren't a high enough level, you can't advance in the story, meaning you have to play many useless and boring side-quests. That's annoying.I like the game, but I wouldn't reccomend spending that much money on it. If you can get it for like $11 on♥♥♥♥♥ then give it a try. But until the price on Steam is down, I wouldn't reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,306130,24188791,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,zedazlt,"Even if you buy this game,  some dungeons and zones wont be available to you, you will have to buy DLC if you want to play full game.To buy all DLC u will have to spend another 60 euros atleast."
76561198198616742,Not Recommended,306130,17377225,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,HueGanus,♥♥♥♥IN DOESNT WORK SAYS UNABLE TO LAUNCH MISSING EXECUATABLE AND I DELETED THE FOLDERS STeAM SUUpPORT TOLD Me TO RESTARTED MY PC LIKE IT TOLD ME TO AND StILL DOESNT WORK PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198120652460,Recommended,306130,26742328,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,SHAGGYJ,it pretty fun
,Not Recommended,306130,32662543,Posted: 22 June,all,hayls,"Ugh. I wanted to like this game so badly! It falls so short of its predecessors, I have been sorely disappointed so far. For full disclosure, I haven't logged a whole lot of time yet, so this might change in the future.One of the things about this game that has immediately put me off is the inventory management. There are just so many different items for the cool things you can do (fishing, cooking, etc.) that I find myself needing to delete something everytime I come across a new item. Of course, there are ways to pay real money for more inventory space, but for a filthy pleb casual such as myself, this is just not ideal.The quests are just alright compared to the rich storylines of the other TES titles, in my opinion. So far it just hasn't latched me in the way all the other games have. And I sincerely wanted to fall in love with this game."
76561198087568489,Recommended,306130,21898740,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,VAZGHOUL,nice game
,Not Recommended,306130,31935733,Posted: 24 May,all,ClothBurger,Would have been a nice game IF IT ACTUALLY EVER ♥♥♥♥ING WORKED.
,Recommended,306130,31136527,Posted: 14 April,all,SmileyDrums,I like it.
,Recommended,306130,32228995,Posted: 6 June,all,Snoopy,Don't compare it to Skyrim. Buy if you have friends.
,Not Recommended,306130,31189826,Posted: 16 April,all,Phoeboo.The.Emu,"I got the game on sale for $20, and downloaded it. It didn't work, so I did some research and decided I needed to redowload the game to fix it. At this point I had already spent 12 hours dowloading the game, and was kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. So I redownloaded it for another 12 hours and launched the game. It didn't launch and instead told me that my graphics card wasn't working, and I did some research on this too. I did everything I could to try and fix the problem, but it turns out my graphics card isn't compatible or something? Which wasn't put in the reccomended specs of the computer you need. I can't get a new graphics card because I have an all-in-one PC. This meant I just wasted $20 and 28 hours on a game that doesn't work. By this point I had lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥and angrily wrote a request for a refund. Turns out I couldn't get a refund because my play time was more than 2 hours. I HADN'T EVEN BEEN ABLE TO LAUNCH THE GAME! How could I have 4 hours of play time?! Right now I've lost more than my♥♥♥♥♥♥ more like my sanity. Thanks a lot Bethesda."
,Recommended,306130,26725681,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Spooky Weeb,lit
76561198116815058,Not Recommended,306130,17721150,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Der Knabe,Hardly feels like an MMO.
76561198104920734,Recommended,306130,31139845,Posted: 14 April,all,foogi,good game 9/10
76561197993841079,Recommended,306130,16851890,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Jakely,Worth.
,Recommended,306130,17569710,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Laffer Curve.™,"Looking for level 18 quests, quests marker brings me to level 24 area. 10/10 for realism."
,Recommended,306130,16367494,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Techno Angel,WOW! one of Bethesdas Best Works. Probobly even the best!
76561198062856759,Recommended,306130,16870591,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Barbeque,Great game
76561198123518907,Not Recommended,306130,34745762,Posted: 4 September,all,MrFancyDuck,"Refunding this ""game"" wont even install or run"
76561198057050824,Not Recommended,306130,34352571,Posted: 19 August,all,Fullmetal Geologist,"It's just not very fun. Interface is confusing, as well."
,Recommended,306130,31270040,Posted: 21 April,all,The Punisher,"Like playing an Elder Scrolls game, but online."
,Not Recommended,306130,35240417,Posted: 27 September,all,HaloGrunt88,"The Elder Scrolls Online: because you can't break the lore if there's no lore to begin with.Seriously, just Vehking murder me fam."
,Recommended,306130,24253895,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,negromancer,This is much better than it's initial release could've ever been. It's like WoW meets Runescape meets Skyrim. It's a very good.Buy it now for pleasure
76561198257753265,Not Recommended,306130,20311694,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mysto,You see those 33 or so hours up there it says I've been playing this? Those are the hours I've been trying to get this to work. Don't waste your ♥♥♥♥ing time on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It just crashes every time you open the ♥♥♥♥ing game.
76561198007549884,Not Recommended,306130,28147485,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,- TanKowiec -,tragic bugged spending more time dealing with gear then actually playng game i hoped to get somthing better
76561198082302784,Not Recommended,306130,28152958,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,George Bush,"Elder Scrolls Online? More like Elder Scrolls Offline... Multiplayer is a wonderful idea for Elder Scrolls, however, most of the main quests are solo missions. My buddy and I bought this hoping to do missions together but there are very few quests that gave us that option. You are better off buying Skyrim and downloading cool mods."
,Not Recommended,306130,30031943,Posted: 19 February,all,UNO,"-vanilla skyrim with online interaction-the mmo part of this game is garbage at best, stating there's no trinity system But asked you to queue for specific role in dungeon(tank/healer/dps) and heavily relies on tank/healer. or perhaps u prefer pvp? sure get ur♥♥♥♥♥kicked by lv.600 player that is no fun at all.if you want to play mmo with classic trinity system there're Rift, wowif you prefer non trinity there's gw2 (edit: gw2 is equally garbage now they're forcing ppl to use cc on mob )listed a few games here for ur consideration not because they're better but because they're less garbage than this game, some are even f2p.if you got some good mmo and enjoyed playing it plz share it in comments section so I can try them out. have a nice day"
76561198085976439,Not Recommended,306130,28161199,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,pingas09,"I bought eso via steam, and for a week i cant even to try it, because i cant even login, no help from support, nobodys answering about it, so its natural that im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I will never buy any games via steam again."
76561198121085164,Recommended,306130,25538069,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Plushie's Master,Love it
76561198298238765,Not Recommended,306130,28174526,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Gamerboy,this  game would be great... IF IT DIDNT HAVE HACKERS
,Not Recommended,306130,28491919,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,JabberwocKy,"All the trappings of World of Warcraft or Guildwars without the density of content, complexity of skills, equipment or story telling.  Same ""walk to X and press E"" mechicanics for uninspiring characters that I would expect from time traveling to November 23, 2004.  If you are looking for new standard bearer MMO is isn't here."
76561198040573679,Not Recommended,306130,35168765,Posted: 23 September,all,Zevelepo,"First of all - I do recommend this game - at a sale price ($10 or less)TLDRAs MMO - the game is sadly  repetitive, bugged and unrewarding.As Single player's game - any other elder scroll game is way better.Why?It is presented as MMO - but your interaction options are poor and limited, sharing items is limited, splitting mission goals is impossible and trying to coop with another player is sadly useless, since you end up either stealing each other's harvests or breaking up each other's quests (You talk to an NPC and the other player has to wait for it to respawn since sometimes his quest updates and sometimes it doesn't. You kill some BOSS and sometimes your friend gets the chest and sometimes he gets nothing - not even the update). You find yourselves in different phases of existence and spend time to run to your ""party"" etc..There are tons of bugs - which might have been forgivable if the game wouldn't literally make you PAY for them (you get STUCK IN A *** WALL and have to teleport to a shrine (and pay for it). You ""fall"" through a rock and spend 10 minutes waiting to find out if you end up on the floor or  beneath the bottom of the world. Your controls lag during fights and sneaks causing your timings to get you killed or ""disreputable"" over and over again - and so on.At the game's current status, it is not ""pay to win"" so much as it is ""pay to not be a second hand citizen"".The world is huge and beautifully made with huge amounts of content, but it keeps reminding you that to experience everything (be that races, mounts, map zones, chests etc..) - you need to pay and pay more and more."
,Not Recommended,306130,12307336,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Noctys,"After playing this game for a few days (time on record is not accurate in this game) I can't find anything to set it appart from other MMOs and several glaring issues that make the game lacking in fun.  First and formost it takes 5 -10 minutes to get to the character selection screen - it also takes another 5 - 10 minutes to load into different zones...  It's painful.  A quick google search shows that this has been an since the game was released and no fix has been releated.2nd -- the auciton houses are only within guilds - so you find a cool item and the only way to sell it is in Zone chat -- so zone chat is full of people looking to sell items.Lastly - it's just boring. No unique quests of puzzles that I was able to find. Take you typical MMO, toss it into the Elder Scrolls setting and that is what you have.  Just gald I got it on a Steam Sale."
76561197998871632,Recommended,306130,17327393,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,MastadanZx,!! BEST GAME EVER !!
,Not Recommended,306130,34888463,Posted: 11 September,all,Eadgar,"I just couldn't get into it. Maybe it was the graphics, maybe the atmosphere, maybe the loot. Or maybe I'm too used to LOTRO."
76561198036691029,Not Recommended,306130,12383228,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,The Madcap Jeffster,"Elder scroll is a good game with awesome stories and all, but the online version with steam just seems like I can't play it with out problems for some reason compared to other games i have no issues."
76561198128295858,Recommended,306130,35465204,Posted: 4 October,all,Stelio,Buying. Selling. Trading.
,Not Recommended,306130,32211510,Posted: 5 June,all,DeathMirage,"Amazing game!  Triple A title!Here's the pro's-Trailer looked cool-Earned a trading card for 7 mins of windows 7 launcher permission screen-Only needed 5 minutes of windows 7 launcher permission screen to gain enough in game minutes to write review of game-I have more time for myselfCONS-Doesn't run with launcher-Game client not updated via 64bit exe, game shuts down.-Doesn't update client-Doesn't play period-Roughly 4 hours to download to have HDD space consumed.-High blood pressure-Abominal amounts of swearing involved.-Actually worse then starforge-Wasted money, like starforge"
76561198024792220,Not Recommended,306130,31668374,Posted: 10 May,all,Aedrion,"Sucks you in, then sucks up your money, then your soul.Then you begin to realise it's a grindfest without balance, decent PvP mechanics or decent coding.This video sums up ESO just right.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tz6pTxyD_CYPlayed a good chunk, came back 3 times. Quit 3 times because they neglect to fix the hordes of bugs and instead make another silly hat for people to waste their money on. This game is run by the Daedra."
76561198008757070,Not Recommended,306130,34347257,Posted: 19 August,all,defrag2010,a good game gone bad. to many abusers in servers
76561198038154807,Recommended,306130,31172249,Posted: 16 April,all,CaoCao,good
,Not Recommended,306130,11342139,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Spoonie,"DO NO DO NOT DO **NOT** DOWNLOAD THIS GAME VIA STEAM.IF YOU WANT THE STEAM SALE, GET THE CODE FROM STEAM FOR THE DISCOUNT **THEN** GO TO ESO WEBSITE TO DL.I HAVE BEEN ATTEMPTING TO INSTALL THIS VIA STEAM AND OTHER METHODS FOR 13 HOURS NOW.GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER, STEAM."
,Not Recommended,306130,32872646,Posted: 27 June,all,>//The_FALCON;TnY,"Do not get baited to buy eso+ or crowns because all the stuff is either unnecessary or also availabe with ingame gold and time. (There is no Pay to Win in this game no matter how many people are going to tell you this). If your inventory is full of crafting material DO NOT buy eso+ for the craft bag. The best gear in the game is not craftable and spending less skillpoints on crafting means being able to spend more skillpoints for vital skills. Just sell or destroy crafting material. The best use of crafting is to make leveling gear. If you REALLY want to be a crafter, join a guild instead.ESO is a MMORPG (in case you haven't noticed yet) and this means it's immersiveness is really limited and it soflty forces you to be social. But it's the best MMORPG you could play right now. If you imagine this game as skyrim online, it is not and you should not pick this game up.The biggest negative points of this game are:- Multiple weekly patches (2 patches per week)- Unoptimized PvP grounds- Big size of the game (it's currently taking up 73GB of space on my computer)Do not make the same mistake as I did."
76561198183670089,Not Recommended,306130,32872849,Posted: 27 June,all,SpacemanCaboose,un able to install the game after installing it for steam. nothing on the internet seams to help. just feels like the steam install was pointless
76561198077509590,Not Recommended,306130,32943958,Posted: 28 June,all,stoniestbat,couldnt set up my damn account. ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,306130,21118543,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GETREKTA,it's good
76561198083799362,Recommended,306130,26316109,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Broman Salam,good gamelack oceanic and asia server though
76561198114841617,Recommended,306130,22062634,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Angel.,Thieves guild.. prime time
76561198335873134,Recommended,306130,31449649,Posted: 29 April,all,Unknown_Sniper,the game wont load up for me it is saying that I dont have vcredist_x64_2015.exe can some one please gide me with help.
76561198298457728,Recommended,306130,25677092,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,The Peculiar Guy,"i was walking after i smithed a thing,and then BOOM i smithed a hamburger 10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,306130,22117630,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,FrenchWaffle,"The video clips for this are very misleading, the graphics are like oblivion on lowest settings even if you put the graphics to ultra but the overall game is great! Would reccomend buying when its on sale though. Get fallout 4 in the mean time."
,Recommended,306130,28583437,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,kelvin324,-
,Recommended,306130,16802488,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Black Donit,"I'm a werewolf - 10/10 IGNGame is in the same boat is Guild Wars 2, just better in my opinion. The PVP is incredible, endgame PVE isn't at the top, but as far as i know, they're going to add more content soon. I highly recommend this game, both if you're casual or veteran, there's a place for both. The questing is never boring, because every single quest is unique, in a matter of fact, i would call the game Skyrim online, even though many people would disagree, but thats how i see the game.The world is huge and gorgeous."
,Recommended,306130,17258432,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Nightmare754,"Not even being sarcastic here, most of my hours came from downloading this large game (slow internet download speeds) but it was worth it, let me tell you why:This game does have a reputation of being a bad game in the earlier days, but I promise you they've gotten better. This game does everything right in an MMO and in my opinion, they did a lot of things right as an Elder Scrolls Game.Guilds are always active, you meet people and the community is generally nice and welcoming. I haven't met anyone toxic or rude in this MMO yet (aside from the weird names).The storyline is alright, I find it decent but not as great as Obvlivion's story. Even if you're not into the storyline, there are plenty of other sidequests and side questlines, they are a bit repetitive but I don't find them to bore me easily. To add on: if you don't like quests (Not sure why you're on this page) you can always farm dungeons with friends or guilds, it's always a blast.DLCS: I love the fact the this game is being updated and getting more content. The prices are a lot however. I'm not short on cash, I just don't believe I should be paying the original game's price for an expansion, it should be included in the MMO. (I can't justify the prices because I don't have any DLCs yet)."
,Recommended,306130,20146804,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Grizzly,Like moon surgar...
76561198108245054,Recommended,306130,20998373,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Shakessilver,To much to describe accept it is one of the best elder scrolls I have played it is. Epic I actually like it better then Skyrim
,Not Recommended,306130,30693688,Posted: 23 March,all,Blue_J,"Played closed beta, was meh.Played a few months after launch, was alright, but I lost interest quickly.Picked it back up again recently, and what the hell.  There's no more progression, no more leveled mobs, no more difficulty, nothing.  You can literally run anywhere at level 1 or 50, since everyone and everything is bumped up to CP160 (that is, 160 levels past level 50.. think Diablo paragon levels).  Look up the 1t update and character advancement.  This completely ruined it for me.  Your mileage may vary."
76561198132229587,Recommended,306130,19937845,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,alex1328,This game was very immersive and a great MMO. I think it is a great game.
76561198297978025,Recommended,306130,26736182,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,KingBrawl2004,"From what I played It was a good game, but my computer couldn't handle it that well. *mabe*"
76561198055583470,Recommended,306130,31138283,Posted: 14 April,all,doobies,"those who do not recommend this game are just weak little milk drinkers...... its a good game, keeps getting polished with every new update. I didnt even play tht much but its still very enjoyable for both elder scrolls fans and regular mmo rpg fans. cool beans."
,Recommended,306130,20202949,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,John THICC,Not♥♥♥♥♥♥ solid 5/7 Kappapride
76561198134628715,Recommended,306130,21741356,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,MrFrostyNipples,"Great game, only thing bad I have to say is when you buy it, make sure you have plenty of time to install it :P"
,Recommended,306130,21555588,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Stoli,"On a scale of Cobblestone to Dust II I'd rate this game Cobblestone. It's clunky, confusing and I'd just rather leave it off the map pool."
76561198281812957,Recommended,306130,21744563,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,mrhasifi,"The Best Online Game I ever played, nice graphics even for a low GPU graphic card, i had a minimum graphic card requirement, yet the game give exiting play, online with other people all over the world while still enjoying solo game. I had a little minor problems with my .dlls files but i figured how to solve it. I recommend this game to all my online gamers friends...really2 the best MMORPG"
76561198255310782,Recommended,306130,21740868,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Eternal Wraith,If you are a fan of RGPMMO games I recommend:)
76561198075605958,Recommended,306130,16166490,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Evito,Cool and stuff
76561198281932437,Recommended,306130,24944455,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,the ghostgamer master,need help i'm in the year 016 and i got  accunt i i know the pasword i it is saying that loging not right accunt pasword or userid need help i made like 4 accunts and chaged the pasword like 10 times and still not working plz help me
,Recommended,306130,31128755,Posted: 13 April,all,yOuNg mAN,wanna get rid of that arrow in the knee joke? get this
76561197963910518,Recommended,306130,14782666,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,enchi,doesnt install.. fail.
,Recommended,306130,20215735,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Cheese Prime,"Awesome gameplay.PROS:- It's not about just click and slash, fight againts enemies, nor complete the mission.- The community was good, fun and addictive.- Play it with your friends for best experience. It was much better when you play in a group.And also easier xD- It's not pay 2 win. Everyone can craft their own equipment with a lot of styles, and has their own abilities.- Discoverable quest, make your own journey!- Challange yourself, how you did block, dodge, or else.CONS:- Need more random events by the GM (Community events)- The gameplay was harder when you play solo, I always died in upper level dungeons.- I CAN'T STOP PLAYING THIS GAME.Rated 10/10"
76561198022953203,Recommended,306130,17837256,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Horius Jenkins,"It's a crapy Skyrim with people stealing your mob kills. Still, it's an TES MMO."
,Recommended,306130,21756507,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Doc Holiday,"Music is a lot like love, it's all a feeling. It fills the room from the floor to the ceiling. I see miracles all around me, stop and look around, it's astounding. Fire, air, wind, dirt. ♥♥♥♥ing magnets. How do they work?oh the game is interesting too."
,Recommended,306130,21760241,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,twitch.tv/rileyxelman,"This is a great game so far. Not as grindy as people made it seem, and the combat is unlike any other MMO I have played. It takes the elements of the other Elder Scrolls that I love, but it also impliments some new and improved features. The game runs smoothly on my mac and rarely has a loading screen."
76561198157367314,Not Recommended,306130,31179082,Posted: 16 April,all,FilliamWorbes,"I cannot play the game. . . worked fine at launch, now i am / have been trying to revist fails to launch load or open. as of 4/16 i see a steam update. last try to un/re install before i drop it like a bad habbit and move on."
76561198088361236,Recommended,306130,31197843,Posted: 17 April,all,GregoryA,Pretty much the most amazing game ever made. :)
,Not Recommended,306130,31964052,Posted: 25 May,all,ChiefDijon,"First and foremost, The Elder Scrolls, in my opinion has the most enriched and enticing lore that I've encountered in any video game.  That's why whenever I hear any sort of news regarding any new Elder Scrolls game, I instantly flock to it.  (I, obviously am, mainly refering to the recent release of the Morrowing Expansion.  Just bloody play The Elder Scrolls 3!)  However MMORGP's just bore me to death with the constant grinding and grinding and grinding and grinding.  Oh, and if I forgot to mention, more grinding.  Just repetively playing in the same locations over and over and over again, fighting the same ""enemies"" just absolutely bores the life out of me.  I think Jeremy Soule is an absolute musical mastermind and I always have enjoyed just about every piece of music he has released.  I hope Bethesda gets off the MMORPG bandwagon and has something wonderful in store for all of us in The Elder Scrolls 6.Here's where I fan-boy out:I hope it's based in Valenwood.  Migrating cities moulded completely from nature itself everyone!  Just try to imagine how beautiful it could/would be!  But after all, a better location for The Elder Scrolls 6 could always be made Elsweyr. ha, like the pun i just made?!?! ehhh probably not... End fan-boy rant.Either way I'm sure Todd Howard and the entire Bethesda team would release nothing short of the beautiful open-world role playing video games that we are all accustomed to.But back to my personal opinion on The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited.  The constant grinding of MMORPG's is just an overall turn-off for me but the backstory and my love for the rich lore Bethesda Games Studios has put behind it kept me trucking to a bit over 200 hours of gameplay.  Overall, I sadly, yet humbly, have to give it a thumbs down."
76561197995726729,Recommended,306130,24046237,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,DrMabulle,Excellent !
,Not Recommended,306130,31969738,Posted: 26 May,all,ReapN' it,"a huge world and tons of quest that sometimes its broken,so u cant complete the quest  due to its broken despite you have reach halfway through ."
76561198053646233,Not Recommended,306130,31300202,Posted: 22 April,all,icecold1,major log in problems
,Recommended,306130,24124038,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Botman,- Purchase the game in steam sale- Download the game and wait until it finished- Realized i already have a grandson- Play the game10/10 Would have a Grandson again.
,Recommended,306130,21898888,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,genaws,this game is a okay
76561198053300909,Recommended,306130,23859103,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,RNGsus,Dad died permanently (broke computer due rage). 10/10 Most realistic MMORPG ever.
,Recommended,306130,23388789,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,sawdawg,"It's the most fun I've had in an mmo in years, good community too"
,Recommended,306130,31915046,Posted: 23 May,all,Ryden,gg
,Recommended,306130,33020945,Posted: 29 June,all,Ghostfacekillah,pretty gay
,Recommended,306130,27899886,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SoulBiscuit,You can cook stuff
76561198079475057,Recommended,306130,18854623,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Luck Bisquick,"If you like mmo's this game is for you. It's got cool combat and a good pvp end game however, if you are one of the many who bought this because they marketed it as an elder scrolls game but with other people this is not for you then."
,Recommended,306130,18856198,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Derkadumus,"good game, for an MMO"
76561198193680134,Recommended,306130,18863799,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,leon7065,if you like mmo play this game now
76561198130757116,Recommended,306130,22568351,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Untouchable_King,"AS expected it is FANTASTICK, hope the updates and expansions keep coming."
,Not Recommended,306130,33227112,Posted: 4 July,all,fido9dido,"I'm not going to repeat other reviews as they explained the pros and cons of this gameBut for a game as old as this, the developer should focus on enhancing the core engine of the game  and improving it instead of adding new content with the same old engine. the environment reminds of me of the old ""silkroad"" game, i have to jump multiple times and fail to get over a box,  the graphics of the environment is very old also. as a new player  i have to pay 80£ so far  and there more upcoming dlcs where we have to pay to access.I heard people saying that the developers are working on improving the game nope this is false statement because they are working on adding more to the game and they will charge you for it without improving and fixing the old content. and the new content will come with the old bugs. i won't recommend this unless hey upgrade the engine which i doubt they will do that because it will cost them $$$$"
76561197971861550,Not Recommended,306130,31443267,Posted: 29 April,all,FSBDavy,"It's a good MMO... if you live in the right place I guess.I get ping 210 to over 2000(!!) in game, without any consistancy, changing constantly. Battlenet didnt help despite giving 162 ping to Texas. Checking online, it seems this is both a common problem and a long term one, so is very unlikely to ever be addressed.(I download from Steam at a steady 7.4mb/s btw and can play any other mmo without issue)."
76561198323561713,Recommended,306130,32656677,Posted: 22 June,all,Romance,Well i guess im going to die alone because this game has me addictied and craving more!!!!
,Recommended,306130,30342004,Posted: 5 March,all,Scrombat,It's Skyrim! What else needs to be said?
76561198139419486,Recommended,306130,23322707,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,jedguez,Nice
,Recommended,306130,32641496,Posted: 22 June,all,SlaZe ᶠᶸᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,It's alright but i refunded it because I'd rather play Skyrim or Oblivion in singleplayer
,Recommended,306130,21893940,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,TinkaBal,Great Game!
76561198182949067,Recommended,306130,34079043,Posted: 7 August,all,Hentai_Is_Art,Its ok
76561197997097493,Recommended,306130,31170688,Posted: 15 April,all,Merlins Beard,"""No charge!! To have a look.""""I'll have... what I'm having..""""I love visiting the forge... it's always so toasty in here.."""
76561198247876778,Not Recommended,306130,31722307,Posted: 13 May,all,TacoPotato,"Firstly, I enjoyed it until I kept getting server issues that made it literally unplayable. Unless you enjoy playing at 300ms+ and having random connection problems (not my internet). No server in Australia or even remotely nearby, disappointing considering the size of the company and its fan base 'worldwide'.Secondly, very confusing/erratic levelling system. Very hard to make your own build when you require points in every aspect of gameplay (skills, weapon, armor, crafting, world, guild....) and how difficult/time consuming it is to get said 'skill' points. Its not every level as one would expect with most MMOs but randomly upon collection of skyshards and certain quest completion.Thirdly, the RNG rate is horrible, imagine trying to create a heavy armor tank class and all you keep getting is staffs and light armor? Even getting to pick quest rewards would make this bearable.TL;DR - One big laggy grindfest. Do not recommend."
76561198081461223,Recommended,306130,23688284,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Eustaquio pinto rosa,Muito absurdo \o/
76561198079356871,Recommended,306130,19967392,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,to-tah,Got AIDs 10/10 would play again.
76561197970845155,Recommended,306130,17437447,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,chrisbo224455,"Please be aware that this game does not connect with other platforms (such as an xbox). I did not know this ahead of time and am being refused a refund becase I played for 4 hours before trying to connect with friends (my intention all along). This is not spelled out in the game description.  Good game, but this should be made clear before your (rather large) purchase."
76561198124112142,Recommended,306130,29139375,Posted: 9 January,all,HERRHUND,juz buy it
76561198110248846,Recommended,306130,17322983,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Avila,"Tesão, unico problema que tem que pagar mensalmente :D"
76561198221195848,Recommended,306130,17477522,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,TheRaginMellow,This game is really fun but be cautious  when buying it make sure your computer can run otherwise you are screwed and also be prepared for some long♥♥♥♥♥downloads
76561198170193421,Recommended,306130,17492947,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Kybal,Its  a good game with some bugs but i say its better on consoles
76561198044726230,Recommended,306130,17903312,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sir LaDuca,"I went on a treasure hunt for 10 minutes as a breton, and then found it. 11/10 childhood nostalgia acomplished"
76561198105369326,Recommended,306130,17468424,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,VortexImpulse,"This game...I...W-What...I don't know how to describe this game. It's just too good to be put into words.10/10 would definitely reccommend to anyone that's an Elder Scrolls fan, or anyone that wants an MMO far from the grind and typicality of all other MMOs"
76561198106949983,Recommended,306130,17483375,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,King Vulture,This is a good game! Yes! Este es un juego bueno! Sí!
76561198134116220,Recommended,306130,17514239,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,NeXT Level,"Fus Ro Dull - but it's ES, so yay!"
,Recommended,306130,17333297,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Alpasyon007,:D
,Recommended,306130,17397230,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Eazy Breezy,"Pros:Great graphicsgameplayanimationsbetter fighting style imoa couple othe things i cant think of off of the top of my headHuge game overallCons:poor justice systemother players tend to kill opponents before you get there, making the story gameplay faster than usual with less combat.Other than that, this is a fantastic Game"
,Recommended,306130,17484098,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Dr Feekel Mattor,Made a Human Centipede.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=49438048610/10 would sex train again.
,Not Recommended,306130,31550310,Posted: 4 May,all,"Kid, the COMUNISTAS Hunter","Lame unbalanced game, worst way to waste your money"
,Recommended,306130,29880874,Posted: 12 February,all,SmilOG,im a god at this game
76561198238981820,Recommended,306130,20223715,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,laziowilson16,This is a very fun game but the game constantly crashes and I hardly ever get to play
,Not Recommended,306130,31288321,Posted: 21 April,all,EmpQreR,"It just doesn't have the same feel as Skyrim, cool MMO, but not Cool Elder Scrolls game imo:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyfbrf2HyCo"
76561198172713269,Not Recommended,306130,32400972,Posted: 13 June,all,GoDOFBlooD1,"I liked this game, but now, when I want to update the game, it doesn't work!! I want my money back!!!A sad gamer..."
76561198175553178,Not Recommended,306130,19520468,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,LEROY,you cant put skyrim and warcraft together.it doesnt work like that.now its own seperate game where you can play with friends like borderlands would have been better.traveling to different maps as well all the same sizebut with all the regions in conflict and walls to each area/loadscreens would have been way better.i understand this is a good way to keep a money flow.but i am not impressed whatsoever.sorry bethesda.you definitely dropped the ball on this one.again not impressed with the direction you went
,Not Recommended,306130,23413663,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Arthius,"All the reviews for this game seem very positive, supporting videos and youtube videos show a great game but alas i was unable to see any of this first hand.Right out of the purchase gate I was plagued with connection problems (error 200 mostly) i spent 2 days trying to get round the problem, the official response was to open ports blah and blah to get past the issue,this is a pretty poor official responce, we have the software technology now where servers and clients protocalls can communicate without the need of risking network security, so to require this for a CLIENT to connect to a service and require port forwarding is so 2003 and should not be required for todays networking world.So after the 2 days of struggling with connection issues i have tried the following..reinstalling OS on both my alienware laptop and the desktop pcattempted to connect after antivirus and firewall package was removed (as part of computer reinstall)Forwarding ports as requestedTriggering ports as secondaryTried 2 alternate internet connections other than my ownSo i think ive officialy give this game more effort than any other game to get working (even more than debugging DOS doom exotic sound cards lol) and still ive yet to play it.So even though i bet its a stunner of a game, especially if you like skyrim and other titles from the developer, i cant reccomend this game because of the poor coding and technology used in the networking for the client.The game for me however was refunded by steam,Thanks steam."
76561198144898333,Not Recommended,306130,24188255,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,markharkus,bought elder scrolls online through steam i then upgraded my system to windows 10 and now the cd key for the game does not work anybody got any ideas for this problem
,Not Recommended,306130,21401360,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,oefox,"It gets boring very fast, like in a week fast, and it lacks any real skill to play but what really kills it for is the complete lack of immersion that all the previous TES games had. I want to listen to the NPC's and read the books but it feels shallow. Archery is completely and utterly devoid of fun or usefulness, the magic is lacklustre, and fighting is a mashfest - bring back the daggerfall method or am I too old now?"
,Not Recommended,306130,23414359,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dyrfinna,"I've tried playing this. Made four characters. Played them all for a bit. It's boring. Combat is uninteresting. It doesn't look very good. Voice acting is unimmersive. Too much like a zillion other MMO's to really be worth the bother. I knew it wasn't like Skyrim going in, but it's just too generic. Seeing as it only really makes the grade ""just another MMO"", Guild Wars 2 simply does the job much better, in pretty much every imaginable way. In short, it doesn't bring anything new to the MMO table, there's no reason to switch to this from the last five mmo's you played."
76561198063771379,Not Recommended,306130,19521600,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,yakumo,"you have played 18 hours... nope, I played 0 min. 18 hours is the computer running one day to download the patch (yeah my isp sucks and I let it run all night).Is the game good ? I dont know.Why a bad review ? Because of the refund system."
76561198118525266,Not Recommended,306130,32447566,Posted: 15 June,all,LyrosTome,"i played the beta for this game and was dissapointed because of the quality of a game you would get for a premium payment and a monthly charge but when i heard about the monthly requirment being done away with i thought it was worth giving another shot. first the mouse drift on this game is so annoying and happens with the slightest moevement on the mouse making any immersion i had with this game non existant also the game really should be just called Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel limited because if you kind of have to pay to get the imperial race while not required it is a great starting race being well balanced and also one of the iconic races secondly i had many issues with crashing randomly while not in combat or in a combat zone, it just happens when it feels like it. while this game does have potential i cant reccommend it because why pay 70+ dollars to get the whole experiance when i can go to a game like black desert online and get every class and every part of the world unlocked with the same ingame shop as ESO."
76561198031729345,Not Recommended,306130,23411989,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Hairy Kid Joe,"Game has unreasonable security blockages, and amazingly poor customer support. ""If this security code does not arrive in your email, try again in 24 hours.""  REALLY?! Their answer to us being forced to jump through stupid hoops that don't work is to wait a day to try that same infuriating hoop again?  Steam Refund don't fail me now."
76561198210532908,Not Recommended,306130,20378897,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Commie Killer 247,20£ for a game that will not even run took me 14 hours to download did not work downloaded it again and it still did not work the game itself looks amazing but it was obviously rushed
,Recommended,306130,35149246,Posted: 23 September,all,Zedgar,"when first time i play this i'm belike ""where the ♥♥♥♥ am i this map is so big"""
,Recommended,306130,26256656,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GROM,fun with friends but also notis like skyrim 2 but you can bully you are friends
76561198283289225,Not Recommended,306130,34947882,Posted: 14 September,all,brookover123,I am asked to follow prompts from Steam to install additional streaming software but no addition prompts from steam have shown up.  I have no idea what to do next.
76561197982090123,Not Recommended,306130,30820009,Posted: 29 March,all,2RNIUS,"I really like the game, even got a subscription, but performance issues are plaguing my experience like many other people complained and pointed out. Tried on Alienware laptop with GTX 880m, 16 Gigs of ram, Samsung Evo 840 SSD, i7 processor - fps drops all over the place, tried with my desktop PC GTX 1080, 32 gigs 3200mhz quad channel ram, overclocked i7 6800k @ 4.0GHz with water cooling, 512 Gb Samsung NVMe 950 pro SSD, same problems. I can't enjoy this game at 35-40 fps, it literally hurts my eyes. what kind of NASA-grade supercomputer you need to run this beast of a game to be able to play this game while not having to sacrifice your sight?:DDD Just canceled subscription, can't be bothered, no money for enhanced bionic vision, yet."
,Recommended,306130,34330356,Posted: 18 August,all,Sorex15,"this♥♥♥♥♥♥is limited af, you can't even cross a ♥♥♥♥ing bordertodd howard back at it again 0/0"
,Not Recommended,306130,31403998,Posted: 27 April,all,Simi.chan,"All of the hours that have been recorded as gameplay haven't actually been spent playing the game. I can't get a refund because the download time of about 2 hours was recorded as play time and steam policy says I can't get a refund because of that. So far I've only seen the launcher and heard some slightly cinematic music. Still haven't played the actual game as all the recorded time has been spent downloading, re-downloading and verifying files. ESO support is trash and they had the nerve to suggest I uninstall steam to try to get the game to work as if they can't really offer me a solution. Waste of my thirty bucks if I can't actually play the game or even get decent and timely customer service."
,Recommended,306130,29245454,Posted: 14 January,all,MY HUGE SON MARIO,its ok
76561198159761494,Not Recommended,306130,30811735,Posted: 29 March,all,Jill_rayne,i installed this game so many times and still cant play. it's always asking me to try reinstalling and dont you know that i took 2 days full without shuting my computer just for downloading this ♥♥♥♥in game ? please make it simply like other games. its really annoying when u waste ur time just for download this game and in the end you can't play.
,Recommended,306130,12620258,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,RadaRada,"All these people complaining how it doesnt link with the old elder scrolls III and IV but we all know tht isnt possible with an MMORPG. I personally love this game. Once you get pas the 60 to pay for it its a great game, the combat is fluent and the mechanics are easy and fun. A lot of the side quest are even more fun bringing new prespecyives of old Tamriel and the main story line follows a lot o the tradition and rich history of Tamirel, especially Cyrodill. I feel as though people dont give this game the credit it deserves. Thi is by far the best MMORPG out there when graphics, combat/mechanics, and story and side missions are tied into it. Even the looting features are like Elder Scrolls. All in all, its a great game and well worth the purchase."
76561198048961871,Not Recommended,306130,33835794,Posted: 27 July,all,mdumbleton,Does not work for me. cannot even get a password reset.  Save your cash
76561198117963897,Recommended,306130,25419550,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,BigBlackDingus,"9/10 (MMORPG noob's opinion)I've never really been into MMORPGs(primarily due to many years of console gaming), but I can say without a doubt, this is the best I've ever played. I purchased this after the Tamriel Unlimited version launched because I refuse to do the monthly subscription stuff(too much to keep track of).Note* I first bought this on the PS4, then bought it again when I switched to PC.⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺Pros:+ Very nice graphics(for an MMO)+ Quests don't feel too repetitive+ Decent character creator+ Music is great+ Public events(Great place to earn nice rewards)+ Huge emote library+ Leveling system feels fair+ PvP+ Factions+ Crown storeCons:- Bugs(as with all MMORPGs)- Certain areas get very crowded with players(Fps can take a hit)- Players that spawn camp bosses- Pay to play as Imperials- Pay to play any race in any faction⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺Give it go, you might like it."
,Not Recommended,306130,27534182,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shippoalex,ITs pretty fun by yourself for like a weak and then u stiop playing for amonth and then get back into for a day then stop playing for a year. i HEARD its un with friend so i guess u can give that shot.
76561198228999596,Not Recommended,306130,27652457,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,chr1s33,i played this game on the free play weekend then decided to buy the game now i have bought the game i try sign in and it says incorrect user id or password i know my details are right because i can log in to my profile on bethesda eso web page i cant get a refund from steam as they say i have played it over 9 hours but that was from the free weekend i havnt been able to play it since i bought it so now i dont know what to do its a shame i wasted money and cant play a game i like i tried making a new account but it says theres already a account withg this email adress i have seen on forums a few people have this isue but no one has come up with a fix
,Not Recommended,306130,27109830,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MAFIA KING,"I HATE game makers !!!!!!!!!!!because after update eso doesn't support dx10.i dont have money to buy new computer!!!!i wanna play that game, i don't wanna pay back.""Dog of the imperialist system ZeniMax"""
76561198036178349,Not Recommended,306130,27589200,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Apparadox,Yeah I played about 10 minutes and returned it.  Not my cup of tea.Loved OblivionLoved SkyrimMeh on the turn based kind of gamesMeh on MMO's in generalDon't get this expecting it to be the smooth experience that skyrim was...I'm sure this game is enjoyed by many.  Just not me.Waiting for my money as I type.
76561198213489625,Not Recommended,306130,27469327,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Polar Wars,"Its not a bad game till the guards become ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and wont stop attacking you but everything eles is so so and still have no money because of the $%#$ GUARDS!!! for coming up to me saying "" OH U WELL GIVE ME YOU MONEY!!"""
76561198069638742,Not Recommended,306130,30029263,Posted: 19 February,all,Poltergasm,"Disclaimer: I know it says I have 6.4 hours on record, but I didn't launch this game via Steam. I actually have 2 years experience with it.If you enjoy PVE you'll probably have a lot of fun with ESO.If you're buying it for the PVP, don't. Balance sucks, PVP content is a riding simulator, the PVP servers are hosted on toasters in the Zenimax Online Studios kitchen because performance is atrocious.The PVPers of this game have been crying out for a very long time, but it seems that it has mostly been abandoned. Why work on that aspect of the game when they make more money from PVE?Granted Battlegrounds are coming, but what fun will they be when the classes and abilities are still not balanced?The sad truth is, they had the PVP right over a year ago. It was the most fun I'd ever had, but with each passing update it gets worse and worse.I quit playing this game over a month ago and my blood pressure has finally returned to normal."
,Not Recommended,306130,34323845,Posted: 18 August,all,peanut15,"It is bad enough the spell casting in this game is dry and fell way short of my expectations after Skyrim was awesome.  This games ""Megaserver"" is constantly down.  I would have much more time in this game if that weren't the case.  It would be nice if I could actually play the game I put over $300 into...Literally the last 5 or 6 times I have had time to play and sit down to get going there is some issue with logging in or with server maintenance.  This one has been all day and I am really just not gonna reccomend people pay for a game (Especially ESO Plus DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!) that is constantly inaccessible and sucks wind pretty hard when it is."
,Recommended,306130,33031052,Posted: 30 June,all,Frogburt,It's like skyrim with guns
,Recommended,306130,25777913,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,arceless,lets face the truthits that waythis game is good no matter what pepole say
,Not Recommended,306130,11343622,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Ditters,Considering how much this costs and how long its been out its shamefully buggy.
,Recommended,306130,11331972,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,JiiPii,"Best MMORPG I've played so far. But that's my opinion. The combat system is pretty cool because it's real action time and the skills have no cooldown. Every class and races in this can do any of the 3 main MMORPG jobs (Heal, Tank or Dps). The best part of this game is the PVP. I've never been a big PVP fan but this game brought something awesome to PVP and that's the fact that every class and races in this game can do any of the 3 main MMORPG jobs (Heal, Tank or Dps). So if your character is not strong enough yet, just switch to a support build so you can still earn some points in PVP without leeching.Although the game's pretty boring right now because there's not a lot of people logged in at the same time, the Undauted pledge and the update 6 that'll be coming in janurary with the champion and justice system is enough to keep me playing every days."
76561198130091484,Recommended,306130,11536432,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Ｂｅｅｐ,a great game that deserves more appreciation however very pricey
,Not Recommended,306130,25679926,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Danizal,"Little more than a story filled running simulator. Combat is clunky and buggy at best. Quests are a joke, the endless running and spam-clicking through uninteresting dialogue. The AI is terrible, attacking players while 'Hidden' in stealth or buggy teleporting while they swing their weapons. This game is nothing like the elder scrolls series and that by itself is just sad. Everyone knows Bethesda can make games. I believe it's Zenimax's contribution that soured this game. Even with the Steam special, this game isn't worth the effort to slog through the very common and uninteresting parts of today's MMO rpgs. It honestly feels like the creativity behind the Elder Scrolls games was just mysteriously lost in this title. Sure, it's online. But it's plagued by the same issues as EVERY MMO made. Bots, trolls and lack of creativity. It's depressing, it really is."
,Recommended,306130,11347866,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,MikoSphinx,"I lov this game alrdy for even the graphics or the gameplay they changed from the other games to this one where u no longer will b over encumbered, tis just by space now not weight in ur inventory!"
,Recommended,306130,12692745,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Riley de la Croix,"Alright boys and girls, it's your favorite person here to correct all of your silly mistakes. Preface: This game is easily a 9/10. Let's begin with what you all assume and get wrong.1. For whatever reason, I see the complaint about a monthly subscription. I really shouldn't even validate these complains with a responce, but I feel the need to remind you all that this is an MMO, and all the best MMO's are sub games. It's what pays for the amazing content updates you really don't get in FTP. (Free to play)2. ""Skyrim Online"" I really kinda wish this wasn't a complaint, but people seem to have gotten under the impression that this game was going to be Skyrim Online. Now, I don't want to insult anyone, but I have to assume everyone who thinks this is a little kid. First off, the game was designed by a completely different studio, during the time when Skyrim was in development (or even before that), so there is no reason to link these games together, they only share the same Lore Universe. Second off, the concept of an online Skyrim, even just a co-op one, we are not near that capability. The game would have to be tiny or look like crap.These are some huge issues players have with the game that lead to negative scores the game doesn't deserve. It doesn't help the game or the community when misinformation and shallow reviews muck up sites like Steam and Metacritic, because unfortunately people are affected by others opinions. It drives away people who might genuinely enjoy the game if they see consistently low reviews, but for reasons that don't really exist or may be misconstrued.Now on to the really good part. The game itself.1. This is a beautiful game. The developers really cared about how the world looks and feels, so you're gonna get some magnificent backdrops, weather, water effects, armor, spell effects, creatures, and more. It runs fine on my mediocre system, and I still get great lighting effects, nice looking water, and decent draw distance.2. The combat. People who have played both classic trinity games (WoW) and more action oriented MMO's, (Wildstar, GW2) will both feel at home in ESO. The game utilizes and system eerily similar to the classic TES system of click swinging and blocking, but gives you the added bonus of skills that define your playstyle. This is where it gets fun. On top of the three skill trees you get from your chosen class (Sorcerer, Dragon Knight, Templar, Nightblade) you also pull from trees dedicated to each weapon type, soul magic, guilds, PvP, and a few extras I won't spoil. This gives your character amazing possiblities, enhanced by skill morphs, which gives you the choice to alter your skills with new benefits. The in game combat is akin to the Guild Wars 2 style, with more mobility and positioning, but the trinity is very much alive, parties will want dedicated healers and bulky tanks. The class system does not limit your role however, Sorcerers can easily don heavy armor and a shield and tank with the best of them, and Nightblades can heal as well. The game is incredibly flexible, and gives you freedom. While there are a few skill imbalances, nothing sticks out, and its contstantly tweaked by developers.3. The game itself is set in a few different locations which TES fans will be able to identify easily, with each faction getting access to different provinces. The Ebonheart Pact, a patchy alliance of Argonian, Dunmer, and Nord find themselves defending Morrowind and Skyrim from opposing forces, for example. A few raise concerns about all the areas unavailable, but I feel like I should remind you that for an MMO the game is very young, and future updates promise increased world size.4. Updates, updates, updates. This game is being updated and improved constantly. Many of the original issues have been patched already, and the future updates bring even more fixes and improvements. Soon the game will have a justice system akin to classic TES games, with stealing, fences, fines, and even allowing players to hunt down criminals. The game has limitless possibilities, and is being made even better as we speak.I write this mostly for my fellow gamers who need only one good review from a regular guy to take the plunge and buy the game. The bad reviews are daunting, but if you're a real TES fan and not just a Skyrim bandwagoner, you will be right at home in ESO."
,Recommended,306130,11349161,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Micknator,"I've played this game for over a 100 hours before being released to Steam. Along with multiple betas.Looking at it as an Elder Scrolls game, it's not up to par with other like Skyrim or Oblivion (which would be impossible). Nevertheless it's not too bad as it still holds that Elder Scrolls feel that the previous games give you, but now with multiplayer.But as an MMO, it's pretty good. Active combat, first person, extensive crafting system, ever growing skill tree, ...Overall I'd give it an 8 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,306130,11550793,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Thehighking420,horrible peic of trash i now hate zinimax for trashing tes
76561198043002161,Recommended,306130,11339582,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ralin4k,"I read the bad reviews for this game and I have to say I don't agree. I have played Elder Scrolls games since the Vvardefell and each time a new Scrolls game comes out there are people who are upset because it isn't like the previous. This is an MMO in all reality it is a different type of game than the past Elder Scrolls games. And just as in the past it is different than the previouse. All in all it is a very solid game, the quests even the side quests are well written and the game play is familiar. If you take some of your favorite MMOs there is some similarity in the controls but the majority is closer to past Scrolls games. I have had a great time playing this and it doesn't seem like a carbon copy of MMOs I have played in the past at all. As far as the F2P debate goes I am always on the side of subscription because it allows for not only a well supported game but for more submersion into the game as well. I have play some ok F2P games but haven't really seen any that I could call great. But everybody is different.So in short buy the game and play it, it is fun and a still evolving MMO world. But remember it is a NEW Elder Scrolls game so expect it to be different."
76561197969062305,Not Recommended,306130,12237489,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Big_Dog,"I can't overstate how disappointing this game is.  Now, its true I didn't keep playing it, so maybe it gets better.  I got out of the towe and in town and then just couldn't keep going.  Its also $15 a month.  Really?  I wouldn't buy this again just for the base price."
,Not Recommended,306130,11467168,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,§ɱõƙƩ §µɱ ƧƠɳ LA 323,i bought the game it sucks that u got to pay but the game doesnt look good♥♥♥♥♥it seen so isnt worth buying if i had read the comments before buying i wouldnt trust me as soon as my subscription expires im canceling
76561198044581038,Recommended,306130,11625327,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Rye,if you like MMORPG games and youre a kind off a hardcore gamer you should try it
76561198085988801,Not Recommended,306130,11542553,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,B2K x N4ch0,"The game sucks i mean pay to get to play i mean u already spent 60$ why pay monthly i didnt know that i had to pay to play i wasted my only money i had can i please have a refund i did not know u have to pay, so no one buy this game if u dont want to pay to play"
,Recommended,306130,14929564,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Kronos9294,"It's has amazing quest, the best I've seen in any MMO. That's coming from a LVL 100 ful geared Mage from World of Warcraft!"
76561197999527066,Recommended,306130,13100830,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,the outcast,best game of 2014 good game GRATE GAME AAAAAAAAAAAAAwwSOME GAME!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198079991214,Not Recommended,306130,12394345,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Duffyy___,DOSENT WORK AT ALL WHENEVER I FIX IT I BLUESCREEN AND WHEN I LOG BACK ON THE FIX IS GONE--THIS GAME LOOKS COOL BUT SUCKS DONT FALL FOR THE 59.99 ITS ONLY FOR THIRTY DAYS AND A SUBSCRIPTION IS REQUIRED AND BY THE TIME I FIX IT MY 1 MONTH FREE WILL BE GONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197991065560,Recommended,306130,11407308,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,kokane,"let me put it this wayi never played any previously Elder Scroll titlesbut i like playing MMOsso, i got a beta key, played less then 10 hours and it hooked me upi stopped, saying myself ill start playing the game when it will go livei play it since headstart, with some breaks, now and then, and i like iti like the pvp system, but it needs a huge overhaulconclusion - if u r a MMO player, ull gonna love this gamebut if u r a skyrim, morowind, w/e titles were previous, fanboy, ull pretty much hate it cuz is a MMO and not a solo RP Elder Scroll gamestill, from a working dude perspective, u can always give it a shotbuying the game, and start exploring for urself in the next 30 daysand c if its actually fits ur playstyleenjoy ur play!for my fellow romanian playerswe have a ro only guild on Aldmeri Dominionfeel free to ask for an invite if u feel like trying the game"
,Not Recommended,306130,11688447,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Just Another,"So let me get this straight, I pay a good 60$ to be able to play this game right? Then i have to download  it like 3 times i believe. Then i create an account on their website all fine and dandy, but then I have to pay an EXTRA 15$/mo to play this game for 30 days. Thats downright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I was extreamly looking forward to try out this game but im not going to spend MORE money for a dumb membership. Like the game, love the series, but absolutely hate this membership."
,Recommended,306130,14945099,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Shaniqua,Awesome game for Elder Scrolls and MMO Fans!
76561198085395238,Not Recommended,306130,11813024,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,ZdOlLaR$,"Im sure its a great game, if you can actually get it to work, have now downloaded the game from steam 42GB's, 3 times and the update on the launcher 27GB's, 3 times. Tryed multiple things to repair it with no luck"
,Not Recommended,306130,12003651,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Sir Artorias,This game could never get me hooked for more than 20 minutes at max....the game is messed up...think zenimax online has done what it does the best-RUINING A GREAT GAME
76561197976178495,Not Recommended,306130,13576312,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Jigglypuff,"The community is tiny, end-game material is lacking, and classes (and skill trees) have huge balance issues in PvP.Many known persistant bugs.Generally, not worth the time."
,Not Recommended,306130,13646873,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DOOMSLAYER454,why the ♥♥♥♥ do i have to pay for the game and a submission why it should be a free game and pay submission or pay for the game and no submission never have both on mmo i will kill these basterds because i wanted to play the ♥♥♥♥ing game wich i cant cause i have to pay for a ♥♥♥♥ing submissionso ♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198051384176,Recommended,306130,15937941,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,♋️LunarCainEX🐶,It has downsides and good sides because you have to install mods >_> But the game is good especially PvP and I sht you not its huge and hard!
76561197974908025,Not Recommended,306130,28899007,Posted: 1 January,all,A Few Manuvers,"Garbage gameplay, terrible community big disappointment if you have played other elderscrolls games.  Regret my purchase."
76561198079098785,Not Recommended,306130,13016660,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,CrusaderDogger,I LOVED skyrim oblivion and morrowind the game is just a waste of space on ur computer the quests are so boring and pointless and i had to repurchase the subscription once ive acually bought the game so a waste of 90 dollars ♥♥♥♥ you bethesda
,Recommended,306130,11483377,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,The Lepidopterist,"It's a nice change of pace from classic MMO's.  I have only a few hang ups.  One being the prevalence of quest XP over classic experiences of Elder Scrolls.  The second hang up is the game doesn't encourage exploration like the single player titles.  You still get a rewarding sense of exploration by finding materials and chests in rarely traveled areas, but there is a lack of dungeon crawling for the love of dungeon crawling.Overall, the game is an excellent addition, and boasts a story line that is well written.  I would definately recommend the game for what it isn't, namely a WoW clone.  I would also recommend the game for its difficulty in leveling.  Some fights have made me evolve my approach to combat due to the difficulty in timing blocks and abilities.9/10 on the Lepidopterist scale."
76561198119446852,Not Recommended,306130,11972531,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Ghatzul,ABSOLUTE♥♥♥♥♥♥BOUGHT THE GAME AND WONT EVEN LET ME PLAY . any body have any advice?
,Not Recommended,306130,12285042,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Shn00pEY,u get all excited and wait a whole day for it to download u spend a bunch of money and then BOOM TOO ♥♥♥♥IN BAD U NEED A MEMBERSHIP GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELF
76561198085264874,Not Recommended,306130,17246045,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Waves,Horrible game
76561198107079947,Not Recommended,306130,29806539,Posted: 9 February,all,anoutdoorurinal,It won't launch
,Not Recommended,306130,11323911,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,ERG Death,"****UPDATE****So I noticed that Zenimax had changed the system requirements to this game. I decided to give this another shot. I still can not recommend this game. The game is very unresponsive. Takes for ever forever for enemies or NPCS to appear. The game is constantely disconnecting me as well. Before anyone says its my internet its not. I work for the internet company and can see my connection and signals are fine and I am running with 105 meg download speed. This game has even disconnected me stating I was spamming chat. I was in the tutorial fighting the boss not chatting at all. The main fact is yes they did fix the FPS issue, but now they have a server issue. I have set my firewall as well to allow ESO and still the same issue. Once again I have read many people having this issue since a patch 1.4 or something. The issue is with there servers. No other game has ever dropped me this much.This review may change with time but for now I can not recommend this game. It has nothing to do with the actual gameplay or graphics as I didn't even really get that far but for what I did get to do it didn't seem bad. The main issue I have with this game is that it uses sooo much of your cpu it makes it pretty much impossible to play as it constantly freezes and lags even on minimal settings. I thought this was odd since I am able to play many games on high or ultra settings. I started to look around forums to see if it was possible my computer but I was not the only one having the issue. Many people with heavy duty computers were also experincing these issues. From what I gathered is that the games engine is accessing mostly your cpu and not your gpu. If Zenimax can fix this issue and make this game actually playable I will give it another shot, but until then if I were you I would not even spend the money."
76561198002471320,Not Recommended,306130,12379262,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,redy2rumbl,"This was a BIG let down for me.  I have tried playing a couple dozen times and to put in mildly, this game really sucks a**.  I was and still am a very big fan of SKYRIM,  this falls way short in my opinion.  Video games are suppose to move forward,  this game has taken 2 steps backward IMO.  No native controller support, game play is somewhat jerky ( I have 2 780 ti video cards), and no matter how much I try I cannot get used to the mouse keyboard  gameplay.  I have even tried using gampad mods, but its too involved trying to work out all of the bugs.  Waste of 60 bucks."
76561198047765174,Not Recommended,306130,16034400,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Magnussen,"This game is great, but people behind is crazy. zenimax is evil, i just play the game for less than 2 months and started to recommend the game to my friend so we could party together, what did they do to me? they banned me for no reason at all, when asked for the reason they only reply ""We reserve the right to not disclose any information regarding the action taken against your account."" over and over again. i am not a cheater never have i got banned from other game for cheating or violating the rule.so i search the internet, then i realize i have trust my money to evil publisher, go check for yourself before purchasing the game. zenimax are evilhttps://www.google.co.id/search?q=eso%20mass%20ban&rct=jSTAY AWAY FROM ZENIMAX!!!"
,Not Recommended,306130,15884034,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,SubterfugeParadox,"This is an incredibly beautiful and extremely well made game that is unique from other MMO's. That being said as a fan of the ES series since I was but a child, I found this game to be extremely disappointing and an overall waste of money. The immersion from the series is completely annihilated by Bethesda taking what should stay a single player franchise and making it into a MMO. What normally is an experience of being a unique and powerful figure is now just being another tough guy in a room full of mostly tougher guys. If you enjoy MMO's this game is most definitely for you, but if you love ES for its story lines and immersion as well as the uniqueness of your character then stay away from this game."
,Not Recommended,306130,22307002,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Jambus Gaming HD,"1. Buy this game for 60 $(!)2. Install (53Gb)3. Start playing, fun and cool story and quests4. After 3 hours you will think, hmm I want to go to other cities5. Find out you need a online subscription to access everything (ON A ♥♥♥♥ING 60$ GAME!! 11!!)6. Uninstall and think about what cool games you could have bought wit that much moneyI would spend even 50$/Year if this game was free to play. but after spending 60$ on a game, and finding out that it limits you to 1/8 of the map without DLC or a monthly fee, im just disappointed."
76561198061938900,Not Recommended,306130,33925966,Posted: 31 July,all,LiterallyCancer,"Bought it 2 years ago, I think. Contacted support several times. Doesn't work or shuts down after 10min.Grafics are bad, quests are boring. It's not an elder scrolls game at all"
,Not Recommended,306130,33936061,Posted: 31 July,all,LowSodiumCodRoe,kinda boring
76561198087276536,Not Recommended,306130,13648192,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,rogueshadow1,"I didn't read the ""Notice"" below the game that basically said you need to pay a subscription to play the game. You have to pay a monthly fee to play a game you already own. Now I feel pretty stupid and dissapointed. I was realy hoping ESO would be a great game, but before ever playing it, I already hate it.Save your money for something else."
76561198150331280,Not Recommended,306130,13626697,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,bribs,It is a subscription based game so unless you want to pay about $15 a month to play then don't buy this game.
,Recommended,306130,15023448,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,good
76561198121770983,Not Recommended,306130,33707361,Posted: 21 July,all,gwent,"Feel like GuildWar 2 all over again with Skyrim theme.~85 GB download prob full of voice acting, quest with storytelling I barely care aboutNo functional community at lower Lvls except joining guildBelive it or not this game is kinda overpricedMy inventory always full because of crafting items, you have to buy monthly Sub to get unlimited craft bagSo basically I paid $30 only to expect to pay more (got baited kid)Stuck with this game because got rejected for refund by Steam due to GOD KNOW WHY 2 hours playtime policy (already spent 4 hours when request for refund) in which I believe this rule is impractical to be applied in this game and this was my first refund request after many years using Steam ( Will think twice before buying game on this platform again, swear to God)Overall, disliked."
76561198116839805,Not Recommended,306130,29138952,Posted: 9 January,all,DinoBlight,I live in New Zealand
,Not Recommended,306130,31066163,Posted: 10 April,all,TeamChao,I thought this game was going to be another Elder Scrolls game. Instead I get another cheap mmo that's almost nothing like the other games. I also have to restart my computer everytime it updates or the game freezes in the loading screen. Did I really just spend $50 on this garbage? I couldn't even return it because the game takes so long to download and install it put me over the return hours.
76561198011065136,Recommended,306130,11324931,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,SilentForce3,"Having come from ESO Beta, and finally into retail,; ESO can be a mixed bag depending on your MMO preference. While ESO is a PVP game, I am against rushing to the end simply for end game.ESO doesn't exactly reflect the Elder Scrolls series as an RPG. So far, I would agree with another reviewer that the characters you meet, even during major events, left me feeling detached, however so has every MMO I've played. Combat however DOES remind me quite a bit more of the ES series rather than general MMO combat styles. I find that to be a huge perk, combat in ESO is more ""hands on"" than many MMOs. One of the real perks for me about ESO is the exploration part of the game. The game world is by no means empty, plenty to see and do, and snipets of ES Lore to pick up on and the occational lore character to run into. As well as towns and locations not yet experienced in a 3D ES world.My advice to anyone considering this game is simple. Thus far, ESO has not struck me as a game you should rush to the end game and pander around for the next highest gear sets or kill stats. The ESO World is a world to be explored, throughly,with friends. I would image ES Lore fans will find considerable more immediate enjoyment from this than new comers. Generally, ESO sports a game world that is not to be rushed, circumvented, or overlooked. You will find yourself lacking in the end.The graphics and lighting are rich and vibrant however the character models leave me thinking they're lacking. I personally can overlook it. The game world graphic models remind me more of WOW vs say Guild Wars, but not quitethatcartoony. Overall, the graphics quality is very good.Lastly, the subscription model doesn't really cater to those without a credit or debit card or PayPal, other payment methods charge immediately (before giving you your 30 days free). It is certainly an older model, which I prefer, but I also matured in MMOs before the F2P model was ever rolled out.Again, ESO is a mixed bag. Expectations need to be left at the door if your willing to try the game."
76561198099883092,Recommended,306130,15020265,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,XD,Very good game would buy again  10/10
76561197975119113,Not Recommended,306130,23319017,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,SealCubClubbingClub,"I played and played ESO for about 6 months.I liked merching for a while so did that and got over 20 million in value.I get an email saying I need to stop trading with fraudulent accounts.I ask which accounts so I can stop trading.They reply saying they can\'t tell me.I reply I think I know who, which I stopped trading with this person, and I asked if they could tell me at least if that wasn\'t the person or only person.I trade with friends who are selling at legit prices, not unreasonably cheap.I try to log in says invalid information.I check my email says I'm banned.I argued my point of the story and all I got was replies saying final decision without addressing my points at all.On a lighter note being banned was the best thing that happened to me with regards to ESO.I went to play other games and realized how garbage ESO is.The game is trivial at best.If they allowed like 15+ spells to be barred at once PVP would actually be fun.The PVE is a joke.I would give the rating lower than an F if I could.Don\'t waste your time on this game."
76561198160014061,Not Recommended,306130,13624914,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Minecrap0505,Im having problems with installing this. For some reason it takes 5-10 hours to install it. It installs completely and I NEEDED TO INSTALL IT AGAIN. I NEEDED TO REFRESH MY COMPUTER BECAUSE OF THIS. PLEASE HELP.
76561198044723649,Not Recommended,306130,15505170,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Leo-9,"Very Disappointing...The good.Its Elder Scrolls, and it has all the perks of it, love the series! The races are just as you expect, awesome detail. You have classes now, but still have the ability to be a Sorcerer wearing Heavy Armor and a Greatsword if you want. So its every bit the Elder Scrolls you love! Perfect in that regard.The bad.Over crowded. The dungeons and world are free to roam, for everyone. So it can be hard and annoying trying to grind or just have the time to level abilities up with everyone jumping onto your bad guy and beating him down... There is no experience except the ""use of the skill"" type, and just because you hit the bad guy first does not make him your kill. You hit him once, a high level player will walk by and slap him down. So there you are only getting a couple of hits in on things here and there, makes leveling skills up super annoying. And with the over crowded, you are in a dungeon and five other people are there right on top of you, so same issue with all of them jumping in on your bad guy without you being able to do anything about it. I have tried to say fine, I will wait, let them move on, just wait for the respawn. Nope. More players are ready and waiting to take the place of any that might move on.So yeah, Elder Scrolls is just as awesome of a game as the single player ones previously. You guys make some seriously awesome stuff. :)  However, this online version is way too crowded and doesnt allow you any way of getting people off your kill, or from screwing up any fun that might be had.Sorry Elder Scrolls, but I would not recommend this one. Close off the dungeons to just the ones that enter it as solo or groups, and this game would be perfection! But as it is, way too over crowded for the leveling system in place. Way too annoying with everyone rushing in and just killing everything in sight, not even caring about other people trying to have fun..."
,Not Recommended,306130,29057870,Posted: 6 January,all,MegaEast,"Today I am writing a review of Elders Scrolls Special Edition & Elders Scrolls Online after playing the over 40 hours:What I Got: Elders Scrolls Special edition is a single player standalone edition, with good graphics good story mode and huge game play, nifty graphics and full of surprises and deep involvement of player, played hours and enjoyed the game and mods and loved it. Elders Scrolls Online is also a single player standalone edition, the graphics are not as good and the interface simplified, you do the quests yourself the only difference is that other players online at the same quest are around you doing the same and you can see them, and killing the same enemy.What I Expected: This is definitely not what i was expecting, i hoped it was two groups or two or more armies or war of territory, some kind of online gaming concept, which this online game lacks. The game has simplified graphics and very basic inventory interface. it is still a game of quests with a huge map keeping in the commercial aspect to buy crowns and spend in game, and to keep earning money from the players who have already purchased the online version. the inventory capacity is also limited sometime forcing people to buy their plus membership to access exclusive items.What I recommend: Massive changes in game play and online concept, no more commercializing in the game. give the people their full worth of money not trying to steal more from them. better interface and more user friendly options.I would rate online version 5/10 comparing to Elders Scrolls V Special Edition"
76561198119214978,Not Recommended,306130,29124744,Posted: 8 January,all,whet15,"Worst Elder Scrolls Game ever. This game isn't good and my computer stopped runing this game and I requested a refund. But I had 12 hours of gameplay of Installing Patches, the time I could play the game and trying to mmake the game run. So this game is sh*t."
,Not Recommended,306130,28837873,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,StanicEnemy,"i wish i could refund this game right now,biggest disappointment in my life."
76561198050931009,Not Recommended,306130,26671320,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,coreyfpiazza,"It's a free ESO weekend and I've been eager to try this game out, but I'm finding that it's a roll of the dice on whether I can get on to enjoy it's content because 9 out of 10 attempts to login and I get the ""Connection to server has timed out, please try again later."" I looked online and noticed others have been experiencing this since release and didn't see a resolution that actually resolves it. And the few times I am able to actually login, the loading screens could take from a minute to almost ten minutes of waiting. This game was released in April of 2014? More than two years and this is still an issue? I'm sure the content of this game is worth playing if one could get there and I was just about to dish out the money to buy it, as I love the Elder Scrolls franchise, but I want to actually be able to enjoy what I paid for."
76561198172224498,Not Recommended,306130,35495383,Posted: 5 October,all,Tiiko,"Do not buy this game on steam. At least since 2014 the installer does not reliably work with steam, but the bug has not been fixed by the developers as of October 2017 (!). Just look online and search for “Steam install Issues”. Apparently the developers abandoned this game and/or have no consideration for their users once they got their money. Saddening."
,Not Recommended,306130,11386452,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,[DubWise]BennyBoy746,"Although a new form of an MMO, not all new things are good. If you are really into MMO's then you should stick with WoW. The game's story is too fast paced, can't keep up with what is going on (with the main quest). The only thing that I enjoyed was Michael Gambon(http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0002091/)voicing the main character ""The Prophet"". 2/10"
,Recommended,306130,14944690,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Safire,Great Elder Scrolls themed MMO
76561198071406791,Recommended,306130,12418264,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,ImTranced,"Loving this game, if you are into the Elder Scrolls Lore you will definitely love this game. Although they did kinda shoot themselves in the foot as far as race alliances go. Not really sure what they were thinking on that one. Overall though 7.5/10 would play for days."
,Not Recommended,306130,30789898,Posted: 28 March,all,Fantom,"In this review I will tell in the most part inherent in the Russian-speaking half of the players. The first problem is the lack of localization into Russian language the game is translated in German, French and English, but Russian fans of the game clearly forgotten. But it's not the most important issue is the second DONUT on almost every corner, the developer proposes to invest in a game for the Russian gamers are quite more money but the problem is not serious and the cost to play for my country! But there is not such a terrible problem like a huge donut in the game but the absolute lack of interest in jobs TESO is a game they're completely humiliating the genre of MMORPG it boring quests of which you can perform with pleasure 1 of 10 There's an interesting part of the game is war of the Alliances on this a huge thank you to Zenimax Online but to play there normally and you who didn't kill at 7 times per battle right level and good pumping equipment and again the same problem to get the level and snaryajenie need to perform these tedious quests during which time fighting off the desire to play and perhaps the main the audience of the game is sumashetshie fanatics obsessed with TES series and are playing this boredom not noticing the flaws of the game and for them it glows and it glows with happiness that he found the money and bought the game finally. I was so though I was glad that I could go all over Tamriel I dreamed about this back in Skyrim! But ""All of Tamriel"" We have about 20 fields and then to get into some again, you need to invest money in the game, it smacks of greed not the most respectful approach to players who purchased the game and love the TES series, don't you think? And just an update or addition to the game like Morrowind to play that guess what to do? Right to pay! In General to sum up. The game developers covered by a thirst for money and put unrealistically high prices they do not even wearied, to make the game more interesting, or at least to do a translation I'm serious developer literally killed TES as a game! And I hope that TES 6 Will do Bethesda not These greedy, killed the project and TESO as a game and as the genre of MMORPG Zenimax Online!"
,Recommended,306130,13694965,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Meggegg,1
,Recommended,306130,14765713,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,M5,خيال
76561198118183767,Recommended,306130,12282141,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Cypher,GREAT GAME
76561198061070755,Not Recommended,306130,13207724,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Deadmancw,completly not worth it
,Not Recommended,306130,13802899,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Captain Emiel Regis,"This is the worst game of my life i would rather play adventure quest comparing to this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t,do me a favor and dont buy this game because the developers are some fat moneyloving ♥♥♥♥♥♥s that dont care for the franchise at all and only want money"
,Not Recommended,306130,13707086,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Bornix,Awful. Just Awful.
76561198088696161,Not Recommended,306130,13738633,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Autism Incarnate,"The game is unplayable for me, after 3 minutes of playing my wifi completely disconnects, which means that I can't even create a character. The worst part is I can't return the game."
76561198044809347,Not Recommended,306130,14569005,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,m_carson316,cant get my damn account info and cant play the damn game i payed for. starting to feel like i been scamed.
76561198058982501,Not Recommended,306130,13871753,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SuperBeefyTaco,"boring bland ugly unspired game , questing, combat system, spells, animations. just really generic all around.if you're a skyrim fan skip it. if your'e a elder scroll fan move along. if you're a mmo fan there is so much better out there for free even."
76561198030967734,Not Recommended,306130,17921582,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Twoseeeye,SO FREAKING BUGGY!!!!! Play this game if you love taking betwen 5 minutes and an hour to log on just to be disconnected while trying to log into your character.. The servers and SUPER unstable sometimes you get put into a login queue but the game doesn't bother to tell you if you are 2nd or 1002nd thus the 1 hour log in time. No one in the entire game has yet to talk to me (Take note I played a few hours off steam) I've tried talking to people and they just ignore you. You can't change the ui size and the text is so freaking tiny and half impossible to read. The crafting system is nice. When you are pickpocketing it gives you a % chance to success but when you press the button your character moves so that you're getting seen.. -_- What's the point of putting the success chance if the second you press the button it changes??
76561198079351310,Not Recommended,306130,17213375,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Bluejaydavy,"Fix the freaking launcher. I have 2 freaking hours on record already, and I haven't played a single second on the game. A pure 2 hours of my life has been wasted, waiting for a launcher that eventually says either ""HTTP request failed"" or ""WebGet request failed."" For God's sake, fix your freaking game"
76561198137274228,Not Recommended,306130,17216081,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Abadacus,This is perhaps the most frustrating game I have ever installed and its sign in multiplayer thing wont let me log in again. I love the elder scrolls games but this one just makes me want to break something.
,Not Recommended,306130,35155713,Posted: 23 September,all,lars ye ass,"Fun game to play for the first few hours as you build your character - then unless you have friends, it can get♥♥♥♥♥♥ and fast. The graphics are nice enough and even at a fairly high level my old computer can run the game well. Download and loading times are a ♥♥♥♥♥, however. Plots are boring and annoying to do, there's little pay-off for some♥♥♥♥♥♥ And not to mention the dreadful customer front - this game will steal your money, fully. The entire thing's a ♥♥♥♥ing cash grab. Want a cute pet? Want that cool new armor? Christ, if you pay £7 you unlock a pack of 6 new animations for your player model! Congrats!TL;DR If you must get it, then get the base version during sale for £6 or so, and ignore the suck of the crown store. Elsewise - wait until it's gifted to you."
,Not Recommended,306130,34560972,Posted: 28 August,all,Pilgrim0fDark,"this game has issues,which are not bareable,and ofcourse this game will tempt to into buying expensive stuff which you will regret buying when you stop playing this game because of many issues it comes with like connection issues,unending loading screens,frequent server mantainence etc.Probably not for anyone outside europe and american circle."
,Not Recommended,306130,17765829,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,FULLY AUTOMATED GAY COMMUNISM,"The servers are garbage and never work, they bug out 100% of the time and crash far too frequently. This game doesn't feel anywhere close to finished, and is just broken."
,Not Recommended,306130,35243006,Posted: 27 September,all,Vampaerr,"It doesn't feel like a mmo, it doesn't feel like a typical offline Elder Scrolls title either.I don't know what's wrong with it, but it's just not fun at all.I don't feel like the characters have any proper role in the game like in other mmos. Healer, tank, dps, it all seems the same. Armor pieces, same thing, not any distinctive stats or properties. Light, medium, heavy? Same thing.Dungeons are easy, repetitive and boring. Then you just get one shot by some bs. PVP and raiding, meh.Ah, let's not forget about group questing, everything's ready, let's go together, oh, wait.. SOLO dungeon... sighI love the Elder Scrolls but this one is just not for me."
76561198122994882,Not Recommended,306130,29513993,Posted: 26 January,all,LightTrack,"DO NOT BUY THIS!I spent a week trying to understand why the ♥♥♥♥ the Launcher gets stuck in the middle of patching and guess what? THE FILES ARE CORRUPT. I kept re-downloading them through Steam integrity check and after that it locked me out of the Launcher since the corrupt files count as an Update. Uninstalled, reinstalled. Same thing. You can't run the game like that. Stay away from this! Maybe the one on their official website works but this is a scam. ESO Support refuses to help me. They spam ""We're sorry we haven't been able to help you. Ask if you have any further questions and we'll help."" like wtf? This game is a very expensive scam. ♥♥♥♥ing never again am i buying an 80GB game with a Launcher.Edit:I tried using the repair function before verifying through Steam. The piece of crap crashed on 3% and overloaded my disk capacity.PS:Oh and by the way, the Launcher counts as Playtime. That's right, if you fail to download the patches (which you will) under 2 hours, say bye bye to your money."
76561198026252268,Not Recommended,306130,18338869,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Innovate,Two good reasons to quit this game 1. The end game is bad 2. To grind weapons you have to buy expansion and grind in a imperial sewers where everyone from other alliances can kill you in a couple hits and the gear is way too expensive to buy whoever has the best gear will always win  in this game doesn't really take any skill all mmo nowadays are dull thats why world of warcraft has become so popular the best of the worst.
,Not Recommended,306130,34106349,Posted: 8 August,all,fookie bookie,"aidswas fun for 12 levels but then got bored, but unique questlines like that one quest to liberate that one city (even though it was very tedious)the whites are the best race, cause of the snowy place you spawn near, then the sand people and ♥♥♥♥ the elves"
,Not Recommended,306130,32290461,Posted: 9 June,all,0-0,">download the game through>open the game>3h long in game download>play 1h>try to refund> ""you cant refund, you played more then 2 hours"""
,Recommended,306130,15281196,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Rekuzatus Riki,You can transform into a Werewolf or Vampire if you pay a few thousand gold to someone to bite you.10/10
,Not Recommended,306130,25961182,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Deisophia,"What little I did manage to play of ESO seemed quite fun, I can't comment on the graphics as I had to run it on low settings and the textures were very blocky and unbecoming, but the gameplay and movement itself was smooth and comfortable to control.The reason I don't recommend it, as I have endless problems with the launcher. Every time the game updates it fails to properly update and I have to reinstall the game in its entirety before it will work as it just descends into an endless cycle of 3mb of download remaining before ""completing"" and then recycling itself to do the entire download again.It makes playing the game nearly impossible."
76561198015148579,Not Recommended,306130,26409109,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,H1N1,"This is an ambitious game made and managed by an incompetent team - ZOS. Gameplay is destroyed by endless and persistent bugs that existed since the beginning of this game. PVP is almost none playable as you will randomly enter the never ending load screen of death randomly. I used to support this game by buying the premium because I love the Elder Scrolls series. But after so many years of disappointment, I gave up."
,Not Recommended,306130,28325945,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,twitch.tv/MysticFist_75,"PRO: If you liked Oblivion and Skyrim you might like this one too. It is more or less the same except you can play with friends. But it will be easy to start to play it if you are used to the other elder scrolls.CON: Personnaly i prefered Skyrim as you had more freedom. In Elder Scroll online you can't kill guards, if you have a bounty in 1 city ALL cities know it which is stupid. If you like to play in a group you will notice that a lot of quest wont be shared. Some are but then a lot are not. So you just run near each other but each one has to do the quest. And then my biggest annoyance: They also need 6h to do the maintenance every week which is way too long. Unbelievable they need that long to install a few patches. And they do it from 9AM - 3PM my time. Sorry but normaly i play duirng these hours. After 3PM kids are home and then i can't play until the evening. So plan these maintenances during the night ( example 4AM-10AM) if you rly need that mch time. Personnaly i will never understand why they need 6h. 1 or 2h should be more than enough unless they don't know what they are doing.I think it is too bad sneaking is not a leveling skill anymore. Now everybody can do it immediatly and doing it one a day or every single second result in the same skill. That's too bad.PS: I would rate it average but i can't so i give it a negative feedback just because of the long downtimes during maintenance. If they fix it and reduce it to 1 - 2h it will change to positive."
76561197977097068,Not Recommended,306130,26743238,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,mandellorian,"This is a pretty game and it does take from the Elder Scrolls world quite well.It has the lore and tons of easter eggs from previous incarnations.Unfortunately its souless,continuing the trend of dumbing down the series the combat,skills and talents are all greatly simplified and to top it off there is no real point in levelling as everything in game will scale to you turning what had been a relatively fun game with easy and hard points into a bland mush of same♥♥♥♥♥♥different day.Its free so dive in and look around just remember the experience from level 1 to level 170 is virtually the same no matter where you go."
,Not Recommended,306130,27728935,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,YesItsBurla,"♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥login failed with useless support  and FaQ only supports console ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s why won't bethesda burn to the ground instead of fixing the game connection problem that the google is full of? no, better ♥♥♥♥ing put the game on sale so 50 000 people could complain on the internet within one week. well played ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198020904562,Not Recommended,306130,28101670,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,DaBaX,"Not a bad game, but its definitely not a Elder Scrolls game in the traditional sense.I just dont like MMOs."
,Not Recommended,306130,28154002,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Piccadilly Pineapple,Everything you do in this game feels unnecessarily drawn out and irrelevant. It has a similar feel to some phone mmos. Overall a disappointing experience.
,Not Recommended,306130,30213722,Posted: 26 February,all,[HB] Karma ♞,"I have encountered the same problem as xboxfan1992, unable to log into account, have never gotten to play the game, have spent hours trying to fix it and enter my account. SHAMEFUL on the devs to make a system that tells you you have the wrong password then fails to let you fix it."
,Not Recommended,306130,29852282,Posted: 11 February,all,K1T,"So I had this game for a while and finally decided to give it a try since I really wanted to start playing some MMORPG.Is this game worth the money? Well yeah, if you buy it on a sale like I did, it worth around 10$.Well, what can I say about the game? Graphics are awful.I understand the preformance issues and stuff, but the textures and npcs are drawn amature and boring. Monsters made me feel like im playing runescape . Even on the loading screen pictures look like they were stolen from deviantart fanmade elder scrolls page.Also , I also dont understand why is this game even an online? In order to get experience you need to do quests which are very easy. Monster drop a little exp and killed very easly. in 10 hours of gameplay my hp didnt drop below 70% since enemies do not do any damage. All I did for 10 hours is running from one quest npc to another. So if you dont have any challenge killing mobs  while doing the quests, what do you need the online for? The story is very predictble, most of the main characters are ""strong independand women"". Inventoy is unconvinient. As an Orc character villagers in the Orc island adressed me as a non orc which disapointed me even more. You stuck in textures all the time. I can go on and on....The things I did like about the game. Tresure chests are fun. Crafting system is nice. A lot of races to choose from and customisation is not bad. Thats pretty much it.I love bethesda. I love Elder Scrolls. I love Fallout and the rest of their games. But ESO is just awful."
76561198102776288,Not Recommended,306130,32525906,Posted: 17 June,all,Fauxesune,Just spare yourself the loading screen and don't unless you're desperate to play a game with friends who already have it. It's fun enough on its own but the loading screens are unforgivable. Long enough to kick you out for inactivity while trying to log in. I wish I was joking.
76561198145239055,Recommended,306130,11670782,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,soroush,"8/10Reviews are inherently subjective, so I will give you a little background on my experience before listing liked and disliked features. I've played a lot of single player games and am a fan of Bethesda games having logged around 400h in each game (Fallout 3, Fallout NV, Oblivion, Skyrim).  I however haven't played many MMORPGs.• First difference between this and single player Bethesda games; it's quest based, meaning you get close to nothing XP for simply killing creaps and the main way to level up is by completing quests, don't worry though there are literally hundreds of quests lying around, in fact most of the time there's at least one quest associated with each location on the map. Once you understand this difference and begin to adjust your play style from random exploration to completing objectives you begin to progress in the story, levels, maps... and the game starts becoming enjoyable.• Same excellent UI and controls as in Skyrim; compared to WoW or GW2 the UI is much cleaner, easier to use and the controls (specially when it comes to camera) just feels better to work with.• Compared to other popular MMOs this game is laking in secondary features, but they are updating things somewhat regularly. As a mostly single player gamer I was pretty happy about how things were and only felt the differences when I compared games by putting them side by side.• Beautiful art style; characters and colours are more realistic (less contrast), and the scenery is very vibrant. This is simply my opinion, since I prefer ESO's style to GW2 or FF.• Helpful and mature community; in the 100h that I've spent in this game I've never seen anyone being rude or swearing, people were always super helpful. I would attribute this to the game having a slightly older player base because of the price and art style. This isn't just in the game chat, people always help each other out in dungeons or raids without even speaking, most people are very co-operative.• Fun player interactions; the PvP content is designed to force players to work together, it's takes a bit to learn and adjust to the change in play style but once things start rolling it's extremely fun and enjoyable. The same can be said for group dungeons, I've grouped up with random players to complete a difficult dungeon and those have been some of the best moments.• Don't expect epic loot; one of the biggest disappointments I've had is with the loot system. For example you complete a chain of quests and finally confront the main 'bad guy' for the first part of the game and once you beat her you get... wait for it... 2 gold coins, yay.• Contrary to popular belief, not that many bugs; Bethesda games are famous for having many bugs and I had heard bad things about the bugs in this game, however upon playing I didn't encounter a bug until I reached level 35 (out of 50) and it was nothing game breaking. I would same that throughout my 100h of gameplay I've only seen around 6 or 7 bugs which were mostly visual and none were game halting.To wrap up, I would say that this game isn't as good as 'the next Elder Scrolls game', but until that arrives it's a great way to spend your free time."
76561198216493548,Not Recommended,306130,17241840,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Sammo7777,All it does is crash. Can't even log in.
76561198055845063,Not Recommended,306130,15443024,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Shoji,"As an Elder Scrolls game, it isn't. As an MMO... it's not great. The game is stuck in limbo between the two in a completely dissatisfying way. The spirit of the Elder Scrolls series as a whole was lost on this title and I must say I don't really recommend it.EDIT: Upon further review, the developers decided to back their policy of ""who would want to play cooperatively?"" The entirety of the new expansion was plagued with PVP. Trying to play the story of the city? How about instead, you get stunlocked repeatedly until death. Want to just SEE the city you loved playing oblivion? How about enemy factions that stand near where you respawn? That would be great, right? There isn't really as much PVE as there should be for an Elder Scrolls game. It's like PVP, with a handfull of daedra. DO NOT spend money on this expansion if you dislike the broken-ness of this game's PVP system. For PVE outside Cyrodiil... It's alright."
76561198125514318,Not Recommended,306130,16443705,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Gman,"This is a terrible, Error spamming, Crashy MMO out there it spams the same error I tried fixing it with the options and support they provided and it did nothing to fix the problem. Recommend not to waste $60 on this terrible game."
,Not Recommended,306130,19487904,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,TheRazorHaze,"Really boring, dont let the fact that its an Elder Scrolls game fool you, do not buy"
,Not Recommended,306130,22693413,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Maelstrom,"TLDR: ""Watered down version of Elder Scrolls with no raiding"" - not my words but this about sums it up perfectly.This is my 3rd review of this game.  I put a lot of hours in and I want so much to be able recommend this game, but the further I go the more apparent this game's flaws are.  I'll probably keep playing until Legion drops for WoW just because I've come so far already but I really have to suggest you pass on this one.ESO is a second-rate Elder Scrolls game and a second-rate MMO.  Lackluster graphics, on-rails gameplay, and too many filler courier or kill-ten-rats style quests make it a poor Elder Scrolls game.  Unchallenging and rarely updated group content, an almost criminally uninformative UI (that can only be partially fixed with mods), and a largely solo-focused endgame (if you can call it that) make it a poor MMO.The community is a mixed bag.  This game doesn't seem to retain many players, especially compared to other MMOs I've played.  People are nice enough but they're mostly noobs like myself.  I rarely run into anyone outside the one PvE-focused guild I'm in who's been playing more than six months.  Given that FF14 and WoW are both miles ahead of this game when it comes to endgame content I can't really blame them.  I'll probably go with them actually, although I will say it was fun while it lasted.I'll admit - the crafting is great, the voice acticing is decent, the main storylines are actually pretty good, and the game does make a very good first impresion.  But the further you go the more you'll realize as I did that ESO is the worst of both worlds.  You're better off playing World of Warcraft with a side of Skyrim."
76561198142428510,Not Recommended,306130,23427956,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,ClockworkPigeon,"Dont get this game if:-You don't like grindy, boring gameplay-You aren't a fan of in game purchases-You have a mediocre internet connection-You are a fan of The Elder Scrolls seriesDo get this game if:-You get turned on by stunning graphics-You are a fan of awesome character creation"
,Not Recommended,306130,21265222,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,christancut,I can run the game but when i launch and login it crashes. I need help.
76561198078334616,Not Recommended,306130,21607374,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Forshame,End game content is bad and pvp is just one huge lag festival
76561198082925866,Not Recommended,306130,24117252,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Tidalmonster,♥♥♥♥♥♥E GaMe.
76561198045148546,Not Recommended,306130,17003637,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Creator Of Empires,"I've had a few hours of gameplay and I heavily enjoyed it but crashes and launcher errors prevent me from playing the game. The game itself is not problem, it's the launcher that can't seem to do anything without getting an error. I reinstalled three times to no avail and it has become frustrating. I would love to recommend this game but until Zenimax get their act together and solve these launcher issues (that have been plaguing users since release) I won't be doing that."
,Not Recommended,306130,18957041,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Oli-avy,This game is like a terrible version of skyrim if it was 10 $ it would be worth it .. Dont buy !
,Not Recommended,306130,20629125,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,M0T0CH33Z0,ruined my life
76561197976010521,Not Recommended,306130,30845232,Posted: 30 March,all,GoForTheEyesBoo,"Zenimax's greed has turned into something grotesque. I don't know if the players are rich enough to spend x2, x10, x100 the price of the game on bling so they can lord it over everyone else, or if players have compulsive spending problems that are being exploited by Zenimax, but I see enough economic inequality in real life; I don't need to have it rubbed in my face when I log into a fantasy game.If you post an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ comment I'm deleting it. What's the deal with you fanboys going through game reviews to bash the ones who says things you don't like about your game? If you like the game so much why aren't you playing it? Is it because everyone else is quitting and you're lonely now? Did you spend $100 on an imaginary house and there's nobody to visit you but your imaginary friends?"
,Not Recommended,306130,20140375,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Papa Bless,1) Buy Game2) Download Game3) Download 10 Gbs worth of patches4) Find out you need an account5) Make an account6) Sign in7) It doesnt work8) Use code on website9) Sign in again10) You need code from email11) Wait 30 min for a code to log in
76561198126229402,Not Recommended,306130,17479366,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,get_shredded,"Very disappointing, considering the other installments of the Elder Scrolls series."
76561198038677251,Not Recommended,306130,17476085,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,NaZQ8,its soooooooooooooooooooooo boooooooooooring-the leveling takes forever-the UI doesnt feels like an MMO-the group finder is broken-50% empty mega server-you have to spend over 20h to have a mount-no in-game guildfinder
,Not Recommended,306130,20106342,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Boosted Player,"based on the subtitle for this game i expected an unlimited number of Tamriels to explore to my hearts contentBUYER BE WARNED: this game has only one Tamriel, not an unlimited number as the misleading title would indicate"
,Not Recommended,306130,29433962,Posted: 22 January,all,Ekudram,PVP loading screens take to long and suck..  please fix and I will remove this review.
,Not Recommended,306130,33047496,Posted: 30 June,all,コーヒー,"the game can be fun, yeah, and i'll still play it. i didn't pay the $15 on sale for nothing. but this game kinda sucks.the graphics are not only the same as 2014, but if i run faster than the game can keep up, everything starts lookin like the original Doom. also, the combat is really bland, and it's mostly spamming abilities, there's not much skill or precision required. also, most of the actually enjoyable parts are dlc. and the quest system is pretty broken. half the time the objective doesn't appear, and if it does, it switches my quest when i travel to the wayshrine near that objective. it happens a lot. also, the crafting system is really boring. crafting regular objects is really long, and learning traits for them takes ~1 day in real life time, which is kinda bull b/c it's a game, i'm not tryna spend all that time. also, the main questline is really boring and nonsequential at times, and most of the sidequests are just really boring.also, it takes stamina to sneak. what kind of game takes stamina to sneak???but yeah i dont wanna waste my money and i got the gold edition so i can actually play the fun parts."
,Not Recommended,306130,34262747,Posted: 15 August,all,LoliLicker,"They've killed it.  Play anything outside a sorcerer you'll struggle, new expanision (which by their phrasing, all subscribers get ALL DLC included) is not par of subscription bc its a new ""chapter"" not ""dlc"" is just a word game to grind more money out of the playerbase.  Not to mention a playerbase almost as demanding and needy as the LoL community.  They added real world money only items, random lucky boxes, and a medley of other cash shop items.  It may as well be a korean mmo.  I'm just waiting for dwarven demolition derbys."
76561198090507393,Not Recommended,306130,34893052,Posted: 11 September,all,Sir Ferfwaf,"The game is okay in the sense that I can finally play a Elder Scrolls game with my friends, and its good if you are into MMOs or the usual grind and fetch quest that they come with. But I personally dislike this game, and would say to just stick with the single player games, like Skyrim or Oblivion. The game focuses on being a MMO that it forgets that it came from a line of RPGs and large scale adventure, and hey, maybe there is a larger picture, but from the 7 hours I played it all I got was fetch quests and walking town to town."
,Not Recommended,306130,33146657,Posted: 2 July,all,TheCrook,"DO NOT BUY THROUGH STEAM - Just bought the Gold Edition (a 90GB+ DL) and waited over half a day for this to install, I finally go to boot it up and it keeps asking me to RE-DOWNLOAD the whole game. A quick google search makes me realize I've made a terrible mistake and this proble has been around since it's been on Steam from the get go (posts dating back a few years and present day). Just insane they don't have this figured out by now, requested a refund...it's 2017 this stuff should not be a problem.edit: They have ZERO customer support, hence why I'm writing a review to get some attention. Their website is full of FAQs and an email that goes into a black hole. I tried troubleshooting for a few hours with so called ""solutions"" I found online and nothing worked."
,Recommended,306130,16489114,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Tcalvin,"NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER. AS I WAS TRYING TO SAY, I HATE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, BUT TESO IS PRETTY OK"
76561198013486372,Not Recommended,306130,24940122,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Belial,"Well, I could not even get this game to load past the first screen, and i spent two days downloading and reinstalling twice just to get the same issue. When I tried to refund the game, they said because i waited for it to load for over 2 hours total that i had ""played it"" for too long to get a refund, thanks alot For less than nothing bethesda and steam by wasting my time and money. So I cant really even rate the content of the game other than to say there must be a whole lot in the 50 somthings gigs this game is. I could not even create a character, but I guess being able to stare at a loading screen for over 2 hours is worth at least 20 dollars to steam"
76561198110643993,Not Recommended,306130,24552455,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,spiicyboi,dont get the game if you sign up it never recognizes your account
,Not Recommended,306130,27301669,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,XxRaPiD4K3LLERxX,"Pros:-Got a refund-Optimisation is goodCons:-Connection timed out, cannot connect to server everytime!-Graphic settings automatically stresses my GPU, High-Ultra (Auto optimisation is♥♥♥♥♥♥-Ugh... Dead Rising 2 controller support is in this game, way to go. (Xbox One Elite Controller doesn't work, even loading controller default config)Overall Summary:The game looks promising, but I couldn't say anything more expect than how poor the controller support is and the fact server can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Overall Scoe: 4.5/10"
76561198202266704,Not Recommended,306130,30045084,Posted: 19 February,all,Carboniac,"The music is extremely good. The game itself is mediocre, and devoid of RPG elements. The true crime, however, is the exceedingly greedy cash grabs this game comes up with. Be prepared for lots of pay walls and to be nickled and dimed or all you're worth. For shame, ESO and ZOS."
76561198148553318,Not Recommended,306130,26224405,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Borease,"BE VERY CAREFUL if you want to buy this game and put many/some hours on it. Here is the reason:I just bought this game from steam less than 3 days and played less than 2 hours. There maybe possible my browser was affected by Counterflix for some reasons, but it was not MY fault, and it is very common that lots of browser may be affected by Counterflix which just shows lots of pop-ups when looking websites. Even from my very limited computer knowledge, I can still distinguish that the using affected browse to log in my OWNED account is not equal to HACKING their game system. I can't believe such simple problem becomes extensive violation of their ""regulation"". I bought the game just because I read the positive review from Steam, it seems like I should let more people on steam know that if someday your computer affected by some simple virus of website, you account will face PERMANANTLY DEACTIVATION without any technical support.===================================================================================Here is the response of their support team, without any help and any technical support:After a thorough review of your account, it has been determined that the account did in fact violate our Terms of Service.  We regret to inform you that your appeal for an account ban reversal is denied due to the evidence within our system.Due to the extent and scale of the violation, it has been decided that the ban on this account will remain in place, and that all services related to this account shall remain deactivated permanently. This decision was not made lightly, however it is final."
,Not Recommended,306130,30288646,Posted: 2 March,all,Falling Creed,DO NOT BUY THIS THROUGH STEAM THE GAME IS GREAT BUT STEAM JUST TAKES A DUMP ON IT. BUY THROUGH ZENIMAX ONLINE THE OFFICIAL SITE. SAVE YOURSELF SOME HEADACHE AND BUY THROUGH MAIN SUPPLIER INSTEAD OF 3RD PARTY. DOES NOT DOWNLOAD RIGHT 90% OF THE TIME AND YOU HAVE TO MANIPLUTE SOME OF THE FILES FROM OTHER FOLDERS TO MAKE THE GAME EVEN LAUNCH. INGAME PURCHASES ALSO ARE JACKED UP THROUGH STEAM.GET THE GAME THROUGH MAIN SITE NOT STEAM
76561198123321180,Not Recommended,306130,32112570,Posted: 1 June,all,Zachy :3,"Updated the game within steam browser, game ended up crashing with my pc. Since the game took 10 hours to patch it considered it as gameplay, and now I have a game that I cant play and they wont refund it!"
76561198117336889,Not Recommended,306130,28124434,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,canhandle,"Эта игра не стоит того, даже чтобы играть в неё будь она фри ту плэй. Госпаде, худшая пафостная нуднятина из всех возможных вселенных. Много пустой беготни и никакого смысла. ГГ ВП БЕСЕДКА."
76561197995437213,Not Recommended,306130,29910700,Posted: 13 February,all,Knight Tonix,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FROM STEAM.Use the official ESO website, trying to download and use the Steam interface into the ESO servers DOES NOT work. I've been trying for 3 days to get into the game without any sucess. Steam will NOT issue a refund.The game itself is awesome, I've played on the PS4 for 2 years and wanted to get the PC experience with the Homestead update. Unfortunatly, trying to use Steam doesn't work for me. I'll get the game from ESO website or go back to PS4 at this point."
76561198036168174,Not Recommended,306130,29988178,Posted: 17 February,all,M3m3_Machine,Had a problem with it crashing to a black screen. When i thought i had fixed that i found myself with an even bigger problem with install issues and the game doesn't even work now. Can't refund because had to wait 3 hours in sub menu of game to download a patch. Still trying to fix it.
76561198006261081,Not Recommended,306130,28141946,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,bagohaggis,"Downloaded 60+gb download, crashed on login. This is a known problem by many going back years, just look online. Looked online at all the potential fixes by users, as the developer has never fixed it. None worked. Downloaded again, that's another 60gb+  Finally launcher stopped working and wanted to download yet again. Asked for refund.Steam says they won't refund because it's been longer than 12 hours used, which was the launcher downloading the other half of the program 40gb+ twice, only to crash on login. Never gotten past that point. Informed steam of that fact twice, both times they refused refund.I've bought many games from Steam in the past, and this is the first time they've outright ripped me off. Don't buy this game as the quality control is nonexistent and not worth the aggravation even at $9.99. Don't trust Steam as they will do the same to you with the launcher download time if you have problems. I'm contacting my payment company about this."
,Not Recommended,306130,28916779,Posted: 1 January,all,Ｍｅｌ,"I was hoping for a co-opInstead I was greated with severs are down for days.I finaly got in one server egar to create a character, with a moderatecustomization segment Ilked how it was going so far untill I made it out ofthe Tutorial."
,Not Recommended,306130,31593906,Posted: 6 May,all,NightcoreAddict,This is the only time i can say that 99/100ths of my game time was on a loading screen.
,Not Recommended,306130,34282417,Posted: 16 August,all,♥Nightcore♥,"LOWER THE PRICE OF YOUR CROWNS! on PS4 i can get 4500 crowns for being a member for 3 months, i pay for 1 month, i get 3 months, i get 4500 crowns. thats an estimate of 55$ on PC if you were going to buy that in 1500 like you'd get each month on ps4, what a ♥♥♥♥ing ripoff. im not buying that♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you make it JUST the same as ps4"
76561198069278923,Not Recommended,306130,31663464,Posted: 10 May,all,aranybuli,I tried so hard to like this game (like Star Wars episodes 1-3)  but it's just not good. It's nothing like oblivion or skyrim. Nothing like any of the games before it. The combat is boring and the classes watered down. It really is a huge cash grab. Play elder scrolls legends instead. I like that better.
76561198147445969,Recommended,306130,14508524,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,lordloss101,this game is nothing like when it came out. there are all most at what they pomised from the begining with every update the game gets better. it is one of the game i love to play
,Not Recommended,306130,30712121,Posted: 24 March,all,...,"Error when updating game, repair twice and still same, pls fix the launcher, it's really annoying when i have download over and over again."
,Recommended,306130,26693381,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Et iumentum,"oi nah ladspretty fun mmomet some guy on it that teaches me stuff about it and he is a f0cken ledgend he is literally the coolest guy on earth, kind of.also Im pretty sure i met richard branson on this gamebut ye back with the review: its pretty fun to roll about to quests and all that stuff and do the stupid missons its fun. and also to kill the crabs n stuff. but i enjoy it but i dont play it alot"
,Not Recommended,306130,32052826,Posted: 29 May,all,Jyizorz,"Purchased on sale and played til level 9, Morrowind patch came out a couple weeks ago and the game has been broken since. I've reinstalled 11 times, I've repaired before reinstalling 4. No fix by ESO, they lost my money. Such a shame, broken♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Recommended,306130,13215638,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,gaku,Can't even get it to launch...
76561198349177173,Not Recommended,306130,32266173,Posted: 8 June,all,SoldieR || csgo is shit,"played this game over 1000+ hours and i have seen/played every patch and update, i want to warn you and tell you that the game isn't good. I was only still playing the game because i had spent alot of time in the game and my characters on PS4 console. PvE is alright, very boring after a long time though. PvP is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥to be honest, PvP duels is the only fun thing actually but Zenimax Online studio's decided to change the game and sustaining is now harder which i don't like either. If your new questing might be fun, but if you have multiple characters of every class quests are old news too."
,Not Recommended,306130,34296061,Posted: 16 August,all,Brer Fox,9gb patch download in the launcher after you download the 50gb game through steam.
76561198103714182,Not Recommended,306130,16975496,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,OmPasha,It so different engine with skyrim. i feel bad.
,Recommended,306130,17421645,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Juanito Banditoe,I like playing video games hehehe
76561198060554658,Recommended,306130,18806487,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Anna,SHIKARNO!!! kapish?
76561198063521488,Recommended,306130,18798205,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,I8UxAnonymous,Its like wow but not
76561198349934782,Recommended,306130,32442686,Posted: 15 June,all,carterdekruyff,This is the best elder scrolls yet  i love it!
,Recommended,306130,23718837,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,FoxGlove,Spliff it up maaan
,Not Recommended,306130,30064536,Posted: 20 February,all,Helaric,"Not recommended for TES fans.Even though this game has massively improved over the years, it is still mediocre at best and lacks the charm, immersion, and storytelling that the previous TES games had to offer. There is only so much Zenimax can do with an MMO based on TES and they have done the best they could, but it's just not the same.The community itself can be very toxic and defensive when met with valid criticism, so make sure you NEVER say anything critical about ESO in-game or you'll be flooded with rabid fanboys telling you to leave. The in-game ""Zone chat"" is as antisocial as you'd expect from an MMO, the only thing people care about is selling/buying items or advertising their guild.Overall this game is pretty average, but TES fans will most likely be met with disappointment."
,Recommended,306130,16378816,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Hentai Librarian,"Met another player playing as an Argonian named ""Steals Under-pants""Lore friendly/10"
,Not Recommended,306130,34624397,Posted: 30 August,all,duotheslayer,quest match up sucks sometimes waiting 40+ min
,Not Recommended,306130,34473099,Posted: 24 August,all,lemmeSMASH,"braught 3000 crowns linked my steam acc to eso online its  been one week still no crowns not happy, anyone out there that can help me with my problem i have recepts..!!"
76561198117131001,Not Recommended,306130,18167169,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,RueBot~,"I usually don't make reviews for game, but this is just sad.. I bought this game because I wanted it for awhile now. And I'm quite disappointed due to the fact that I can't even play it. I bought the game, downloaded it, then it started to apply a patch, which is normal for buying a game that's sbeen out. Won't even get past 9% before the entire thing crashes. I make an account to file a ticket, went to my email, and activated my account, now it says that I don't have an account made.. But I was able to change the password on it so the account is there. I'm extremely disappointed and I requested a refund for the game."
76561198093274671,Not Recommended,306130,18284518,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Rafiki,cant even play the damn game it keeps crashing after i try to login
76561198172779942,Not Recommended,306130,24120946,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jeff Kaplan,"It keeps loggin me ut every 2 minutes, wth how can i fix this, my internet is fine but idk whats wrong , this game is so crapply made smh. ans i see nobody wth"
76561198083837445,Not Recommended,306130,19695271,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Veritas_,I am really enjoying this gamereally awesomebut i hate when i suddenly got banned without any reasonand the customer service is really poori really want to refund my money:(
,Not Recommended,306130,20218832,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,HiddenWookie,(head ache)  Honestly didnt even get to play it downloaded off steam fine then we got to the update tool which was so slow then a endless rapair file that never repaired then i went to the apparent official website... what i joke that was a nine year old could run a site better no help what so ever or  a mere response from the admins replying or listening to anyone even 0/0 for this game unlesss you get it on console i think thats a different story but this is♥♥♥♥♥♥off a pigs feet i dont even normally write reviews but this has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.Steam should take this garbage off the store immediately will be seeking a full refund.
76561198006361320,Recommended,306130,20756307,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Cat Pussy,"im the lead hooker in my guild, no seriously...i talk about sucking♥♥♥♥♥♥♥everytime i play, sumetimes its more bout tha life exparieance then leik jus talkin bout it not knowin wut u talking about kno wut i mean? leik i suck them♥♥♥♥♥♥♥different ways n♥♥♥♥♥♥ u dun suck an chink♥♥♥♥♥♥leik u suck a russian or them♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥dicks.  holla at me boys im the chicken lady, caw caw mutha ♥♥♥♥as"
76561197965451460,Not Recommended,306130,32489166,Posted: 16 June,all,RobRod,"This is a total ripoff. i have to wait 30-60 min with numerous failures to try and login, and thats just to connect to the game. Then it takes even longer to acctuly connect to the game to play. Once you get into the game the lagg is horrible. When i read online about this problems it seems to have gone on for a couple of years and the developers doesnt seems to care since it hasent been fixed."
,Recommended,306130,17229418,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,"Been patching for an hour, so far it's great."
,Not Recommended,306130,19192516,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,LOGANG PAULERS,the updates for 20 gb
,Not Recommended,306130,19519460,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,TriatomicTex,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS DYING, wish I could get a refund"
76561198271733939,Not Recommended,306130,20211639,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TyDolla,hasn't worked yet....
76561198215510397,Not Recommended,306130,20646567,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,The Running Man,cant even launch anymore WTF?
76561198059938168,Not Recommended,306130,21432084,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Allan_Enraged,"This game can be fun, with a few major hiccups. The on i am going to talk about right now is the thieves guild. When the game released, it had a fighters guild: lame. A mages guild: ended up being boring. And a dungeoneers guild: not bad. It did not have a thieves guild or and assassins guild. SEVERAL YEARS LATER; they finally release a thieves guild. Oh, and it costs 20$. You f**king read that right. You have to pay to be a thief. Maybe they should add in the option for us to just f**king steal it. Seriously. Bethesda please. You are tainting your name with this bulls**t."
76561198044864906,Not Recommended,306130,22015953,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,decoy2,"131 games on steam and this is the only one that I can't play, because it is dx11 only. My gaming laptop from 2009 is dx 10.1, and I can play just about anything out there as long as I turn the settings down on newer games. Can't play this one at all though, unless I disable my graphics card and run it at 2fps. Shame on you for making it dx11 only."
76561198060429875,Not Recommended,306130,24311040,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,riccardomurfet,"Terrible launcher support, if your files aren't exactly the way you need them to be you will end up having to redownload the entire 30+ gibs, not worth it guys...."
76561198029692881,Not Recommended,306130,21128923,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SilverSly,"Very average game and MMO, The progression consists of -""tell me more, i'll do the quest or good bye"" ... I do regret my money indeed. even if i got it on sale for less than 30 E.-Lifeless game, it's like walking around in fix 3D picture. the movement is created only by other players.-graphics are very neat for this type of game. (but forget about touching walls and birds, or braking stuff)-sound is very average, the voices are muted when you turn around.-game economy sucks --the food you pick up in the world costs nothing to sell, complete a quest get a little less than 200 gold or what ever,  1 apple costs 150 gold, 1st price horse costs a dinga dong lot--that's a real bull-pooo-the intro of the game is loosy!!! ---you litteraly just spawn from nowhere-- and then everybody will tell you just some crappy bits of your suposed death. but first you'll have to walk to get all your desired answers. but then you'll just get more of that empty lore.( i mean if you want some lore it's more intertaining to read a book than wait for few hours until your pc is filled with 40GB of beautifull water effects! )god damn i just hate this waste of money for no fun.Just  stay with your old MMO don't waste your time."
,Not Recommended,306130,21430361,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Fizywig,"This is not an elder scrolls game. It is an MMO set in the elder scrolls universe. It is not even a good MMO. There are plenty of better MMOs out there that won't make you pay $60 USD just to try it. If you want another elder scrolls game, do not buy this. If you want an MMO that dosn't make you pay monthly, there are better options. Try TERA."
76561198244322514,Not Recommended,306130,19625169,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,badboythecat01,"I really cant write a review because it will not work for me, yet steam some how thinks I've played for 1.3 hrs. I keep gettingfatal application errorthis application has unexpectedly quitinvocation of this java application has caused an invocation targetexception. this application will now exit (LAX) and it wont let me finish the installhas anyone else come cross this error if so any help would be really great, so for not I cant recommend this game"
76561198064114944,Not Recommended,306130,19487254,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Pickle,"Impossible delays to get onto a server, frequently  5 mins+Once you get on it's good enough, but the delay to get started is frustrating."
76561198046913748,Not Recommended,306130,23494295,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,King Frostie,"This game was fun for the 18 levels I got to play, after that I couldn't even log in. it took a whole day to download it too. its too much of a struggle to play and its not really that great of gameplay either, standard mmorpg mechanics. just go play a different MMO, its not worth 70$"
76561198053118175,Not Recommended,306130,17262524,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,new.grandad/wills661.,Hi People who play on Steam I d/loaded Tamriel Unlimited because it sounded like a good game to play The D/load took 18 Hours to download but when i tried to access the game I found so many little Gliches that doesnt let you play it. The Key to the game from buying on Steam does not work and T/O wanted me to pay and buy another copy which i have decided not to do.Now if i cannot get my money back from Steam and someone else wants the copy i have you are welcome to it. Should you have more computer skill than i do This game may work for you.
76561198046058821,Not Recommended,306130,21989211,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,jhdavidson83,I'd rather play Neverwinter (Dungeon and Dragons MMORPG) for free than waste more hours on this game.  I did not enjoy.
,Recommended,306130,20463704,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Matt,"It's like sex, except im having it!"
,Not Recommended,306130,32613159,Posted: 21 June,all,Ricky Bad Boy,"I'll just say it, I strongly dislike this game. Stories, good and lore for TES in general is good. It doesnt make since that MoLag Bal could be killed in his own relm but they need the way the hero always wins so o-well. But the gameplay is ehhh, like half good half bad. Im not a fan of the launcher part because it takes so long for some people (me included) to first start the game and then is over the 2-3 hours to refund the game. Price $40.00 no charge $20 maybe $25 or $30 but $40 is too much. Not as much glitches because they used a different engine thats good. another bad aspect witch really decided that this review would be negative is DLCs and stuff like that without the downloadable content the game is so limited to just the more dull areas and boring stuff. you need a DLC to do anything fun. Another thing i hate this that one glowing tree in the cave more towards the beginning that was some BS i hate that tree and no one would help me. (sorry for bad spelling and bad grammar)"
,Not Recommended,306130,33300019,Posted: 5 July,all,Wittmann,"Just super boring to be honest, plus graphics look like crap.A watered down TES game."
76561198028380091,Not Recommended,306130,32322721,Posted: 10 June,all,Axolot,"Bought it after playing the amazing game that is Elder Scroll Skyrim and this game does not compare in any way shape or form in term of quality. The combat system quickly become boring and a lot of quest are just getting to one place than an other. Sometimes I feel like I am playing a walking simulator. I gave it a chance, but after several hours it just get more and more boring. A good MMO should keep me interested in the game and give me objectives that make me wanna play more and more. From the combat system, the confusing numbers on stats, the quest that are just flat out boring and the fact that playing with a friend doesn't bring much too the game, Ido not recommend this game, especially for the price asked."
,Not Recommended,306130,31387267,Posted: 26 April,all,Malavai,"Hey that... 11 hours or whatever that it says I've played? Yeah, that's me trying to get into this broken game. It's that bad. The customer support line is horrible and the game itself isn't even worth the trouble it takes to get through issue after issue required to play it.- Absolutely Broken."
,Not Recommended,306130,31200530,Posted: 17 April,all,IIIIIIIIIIIII,MORE PAID DLC!!!
76561198056373487,Recommended,306130,17438845,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Maintenance Representative-#4319,Patching Simulator 2015
76561198070635198,Not Recommended,306130,32172830,Posted: 4 June,all,hot bowl of gravy,"If you like elder scrolls then be prepared to watch it get defiled in front of you as you play through a terrible main story, deal with a horrible ai/ combat system, cookie cutter quest, 10 year old graphics, one sided dialogue, endless grinding, lag/texture popping, giant soulless empty worlds (that are only half finished), a combat system that forces you to use magic if you want to be any good, and endless pay walls. Instead of this game go play any other elderscrolls or a good MMO."
76561197996319603,Not Recommended,306130,32144314,Posted: 2 June,all,[memeclan] Memelord,"Don't ever buy the game from Steam. The Steam version is full of critical bugs that won't even let you download the game, let alone play it. If you want to play it just buy the game from official site."
76561198336825177,Not Recommended,306130,33486360,Posted: 12 July,all,crow,WTF now i gotta pay more money just to play because of your expansion beacuse the game will not allow you ♥♥♥♥ this
,Not Recommended,306130,27970454,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Aglas,A Boring Snorefest dot com
,Recommended,306130,31176304,Posted: 16 April,all,Durelon,good
,Recommended,306130,25361979,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SW3DISH ^-^,i bought the game but then found out that my graphics card did not have Direct X 11 so i could not play it i was really looking forward to play it as i loved skyrim
,Not Recommended,306130,26237695,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,999,cant fu cking get back my account even i changed my password bad service
76561198143304094,Not Recommended,306130,27853050,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Buraqq8,I have played this game since 2 years when i had free times but the game transformed dlc simulator nowadays... So i just uninstalled what a shame...
76561198046640700,Not Recommended,306130,28089247,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,twchris13579,"While the game itself is overall decent there is a lack of service in their customer service department.If you do not spend money on this game or buy a membership I don't think you'll have an issues, but if you do support the company by making any purchases don't expect alot of help if there is an issue with your purchase.  Their customer service rep literally insulted me by blaming the developers for my issue instead of simply refunding the 3000 wasted crowns.  Any MMO of todays world that tells you they can't fix something because their coding doesn't allow it is full of crap, if you can unlock something for your character with crowns then the MMO team on the back end can easily re-lock it and refund you the crowns.  It's like these companies don't think we know what debug menus are.."
76561198299300403,Not Recommended,306130,28140881,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Revenge Of Waldo,"Okay, I bought this thinking that it would be somewhat good because its been awhile since it came out. Sadly, the game wont even load for me. I sat here for 30 minutes just trying to load the game up for the first time. I still have not gotten in because it locked up."
76561197991992490,Not Recommended,306130,29835472,Posted: 10 February,all,Rudicius,"Game won't run. It was working perfectly till some days ago. Big update (is there any small one in this game?, and now... nothing. Can't go beyond the ""PLAY"" button in launcher."
76561198119413677,Not Recommended,306130,29912821,Posted: 13 February,all,Connor,Pretty boring if i'm to be honest.This game is more for MMO players.Warning:THIS IS NOT SKYRIM BUT ONLINE
76561198101066579,Not Recommended,306130,26447841,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Stubborn,"Cant Play, wont link to an ESO account. Complete mess. No code in Steam to redeem to link. Wasted time searching and nothing worked. It should not be this hard just to log into a game."
,Recommended,306130,11894597,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,SuperSweetSucc,Since this game has dropped its subscription I think more people should play it. The game is all your classic Elder Scrolls but online. The End Game is great and there is tons to do.
76561198067543502,Recommended,306130,11340885,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,PunchingPancakes,"Honestly I'm not going to dump on this game because it's not a bad game, it's not trying to be Skyrim Online at all, it's trying to be it's own online experience set in the Elder Scrolls universe. Now before you go ahead and give me hell because you're a huge fan of the ES then wait and let me explain, take into account that this isn't trying to be a successor to one of the greatest rpgs of the last generation, and read this review to the fullest.This game is pure MMO fun, it has all of the basic necessities that an MMO needs to stay afloat, but it's not the epic Skyrim sequel fans were waiting for. This game is huge, the open world spans across the entirety of Tamriel and has many factions, races, and classes that are all capable of commiting to either roll in the holy trinity. This game has some of the best systems whether it's crafting, combat, or social, it's all nicely balanced and is all locked in to make up one of the best in the genre. The pvp and dungeons are where it's at for this game, while you get the entire province of Cyrodil to battle in, your goals are to capture strongholds and take full control of the map, now that's well designed pvp. Also questing is done fairly well in this game but can become a bit grindy, but with any MMO, that is to be expected.You should always be playing with friends and groups which are another one of the games features that are handled really well. You can easily set up a small questing group, a dungeon group, or a raid with just a quick group finder feature that set's you up with other people that are interested in grouping for either activity.Now I know that there are some that just won't let this game have a break because it isn't Skyrim, but from what I just told you, I think you should play atleast 20+ hours before you pass total judgement and cross it off your list, because it's not an ES game, but it is a great MMO and a great time.Quick note: disregard my steam time cause it's not the real time I've had and played this game."
76561198338566423,Recommended,306130,28500048,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,thewidowmakerjs,MY PC WONT RUN IT :'(
76561198151683544,Recommended,306130,15541491,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,stonecold6747,i cant sign in its bein wierd can anyone help me????
,Recommended,306130,21794831,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Rip,1
,Recommended,306130,31146663,Posted: 14 April,all,Dr.Tesla,Amazinggggg!!!! Get it!!!!!!
76561198114551593,Recommended,306130,19145897,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Dodoria is Coming to Town,how can i purchase crowns in steam because i bought it in steam so i cannot access the eso webpage to buy crowns it just keep saying you are not qualified
76561197964271418,Recommended,306130,20644836,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Crackz,.
76561198026210546,Not Recommended,306130,31477573,Posted: 30 April,all,phlaurin,"Very realistic hobo simulatorBecause...- no house because they cost as much as a Dubai palace, anyway you cannot store anything in them.- gang♥♥♥♥♥♥by endless waves of enemies that LEVEL WITH YOU - thus no feel of progress.- the only way to earn money is looting... but of course there's ALWAYS someone who just emptied the best containers mere minutes ago."
,Not Recommended,306130,32370013,Posted: 12 June,all,HazmathraPrincessOfAeron,"Seems like a great game. Problem is, is that I can't even play it. Infinite loading screens are a big problem. I can't even get to the character menu without waiting at a loading screen for a good hour. Don't waste your money or your time with this."
,Recommended,306130,23809054,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Elitelando,"HEY, thats pretty gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood"
76561198105622082,Not Recommended,306130,31465391,Posted: 30 April,all,stephen666,I spent 2 hours reseting my password over and over again and still cant log in
,Recommended,306130,18907689,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Kniffel ♛,Drank too much mead.Suddenly everyone is talking in slow motion.Have to fight and party with nords.Suddenly blacked out.10/10 Would be ruffied again.
76561198112358800,Not Recommended,306130,32777974,Posted: 25 June,all,Gapcom .inc,"honestly no oce servers make the combat feel even slower and clunkier than it already is, the combat feels pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥aswell, i gave up i think 3-4 hours into the game and just cant be bothered, i'd rather just go back to FFXIV and WoW than torture myself with boring mundane gameplay that feels like it honestly wont grow into anything redeeming or worth touching, atleast with those i wasnt bored and completely done with the game within a couple of hours XDDDDD"
76561198071731959,Recommended,306130,26735677,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Admiral Han'Gerrel,gudshizt
76561198126240108,Recommended,306130,19946909,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Jeff,Gucci
76561198163175725,Recommended,306130,20047937,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Arrowdude,"It is cool, but it is just like WoW with an elder scrolls skin"
,Recommended,306130,33701206,Posted: 21 July,all,Hush,This will get downvoted
76561198047151059,Recommended,306130,23857662,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Tino,>Love Elder Scrolls>Summer Sale>See Elder Scrolls Online>Remembers the hates>Hears game betters now>Hears no fees>Is hypes>Wants buys games>Buys Elder Scrolls Online>Put downloadings night>Wake up mornings noons>Go straights to PCs>Game downloadeds>Starts the games before even dressings ups>Launchers and installs>waits>2h finally wents pasts>Hypeshypehypes>Logins>Server maintenances>mah hart broken mah sole faded>;_;10/10
,Recommended,306130,26678390,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dělník1911,Gets boring after a while. Almost no PVP (cause no one is pvping in battle area). Repetitive quests. 6/10.
,Recommended,306130,18849556,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,CascadeCrush,All negative reviews were written before Tamriel Unlimited. Now that you don't have to pay a monthly subscription the game is amazing. I might even go as far as to call it my favorite game of all time.
76561198258521295,Recommended,306130,21897642,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Gold D Galang,Better than skyrim
76561198186688435,Recommended,306130,18854663,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ayersrobert,great game
76561198193376707,Recommended,306130,18856164,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,LunarKittenYuki =( > w Ó )=,I love this game!
76561198202414934,Recommended,306130,30362369,Posted: 6 March,all,poloboo34,"Dragon Age 2 online is great love it !!!! This game is nothing like Elder scrolls, Bethesda stealing from EA, you even go into a fade area but with no demons !!!! i have only started but not impressed but thve game is fun !!"
,Not Recommended,306130,33206988,Posted: 3 July,all,the cobras,Don't get this game if you use a Mac.
76561198057267976,Not Recommended,306130,30562127,Posted: 16 March,all,cccmax,"Quite buggy. Well i kinda expect it to be buggy comming from bethesda ""style"" legacy but not to the point of not able to play at all. Imagine spending 2 day to download the game (Its vry big), first day you login, you can't open the bloody gate because you are stuck in cursor mode. In fact you can't interact at all with the environment. Later a search in the internet revealed that this is a very common bug since day one 3 yrs ago and they haven't even manage to kill that pesky bug yet.A few relogin/restart later as suggested by other player, i've manage to finally ended the cursed cursor mode, or so I thought. 3 days later that same cursor mode bug came back with vengence. Now even relogin/restart ain't cutting it. Well its time to turn to support right. After all I've paid pretty dollar for the game that i can't play. But support is even worse. They limit the kind of problems you can report by preselect those common one. As for my common mouse cursor mode problem, nope...its not on the list. Good luck to me with logging a ""brand new"" bug to those support."
,Recommended,306130,28662340,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,xXBobby_Hill92Xx,"This MMO had a rough launch but has aged very well. It's been polished and refined, definitely worth picking up on a sale."
76561198139638680,Recommended,306130,23708656,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,SvetlinDaBoss,Very good game
76561198252770150,Not Recommended,306130,34499033,Posted: 26 August,all,BeaverTheMlgNoob,i don t like this for me its not good
76561198253450093,Recommended,306130,23593149,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,sergioboy2,YO FIX YOUR ENGINE U GUYS R NOOBS
76561198392510353,Not Recommended,306130,32555887,Posted: 18 June,all,katelinsparks1234567890,why dose it look like♥♥♥♥♥♥its all blurry and the people like like crap
76561198295804666,Not Recommended,306130,33463566,Posted: 11 July,all,Luna2442,"DO NOT BUY THIS ON STEAM. ZOS HAS NO CLUE HOW TO FIX ANY ERRORS THAT CONSISTENTLY OCCUR WHEN PATCHING. GAME HAS BROKEN MULTIPLE TIMES, FORCING REINSTALLS/ SYSTEM WIPES. ZOS WILL NOT, I MEAN IT, WILL NOT HELP YOU IN ANY WAY."
,Recommended,306130,26742227,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,chapel,Good
76561198053252393,Recommended,306130,16214754,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,pikmonwolf,"I am not a huge MMO player, I've done a few (Guild Wars 2, SWTOR, etc...) but from the ones I have played, this is the best. This games gives you so much more control than other MMOs, such as:-A good stealth system-The ability to murder random NPCs-A good criminal justice systemand certainly many more that I haven't even gotten to yet due to the shee amount of content in this game. Definitely reccommend, just don't expect it to be Skyrim."
76561198009360703,Recommended,306130,17808304,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,IrwinNZ_100,Involved in pre-production beta testing.
,Recommended,306130,17291812,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Schism,"Game looks cool but the second download crashed 3 times, and for no good reason I was downloading it at 10ko/s"
,Recommended,306130,17480615,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,neutralpxnda,yes
76561198046675266,Recommended,306130,28653505,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dustin,"The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited is probably one of the best MMORPG game out there.Most games (Guild Wars 2, Archage, etc.) become super boring since you just run around doing the same monotonous quests of attacking, gathering, and returning repetitively.Not saying this game is much different, but it delivers what everyone from the Elder Scrolls fanbase wanted; an MMO of Skyrim.If you love The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim then you'll love this game, especially if you're playing with friends!10/10"
,Recommended,306130,24896181,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Brain Force Dietary Supplement,"Best game I've ever played. Also, best elder scrolls game. It is filled to the brim with interesting content."
,Recommended,306130,24766221,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Fat Lazy And Fuck Yuel,Its nice fun all that♥♥♥♥♥♥  Downfall takes forever to download and getting the login and stuff to work is a little annoying along with some areas not being able to accessed cause you need to buy the dlc? First off why greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥holes.  Other then that the lotting system could be improved but all out good game
,Recommended,306130,34502076,Posted: 26 August,all,Stratty,I love Looney Tunes
,Recommended,306130,16384500,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,nathan,"bought this game at its release, on the release day. havent played it in 2 years."
,Recommended,306130,29628554,Posted: 1 February,all,dwiin,Best game ever
76561198239677292,Recommended,306130,34622371,Posted: 30 August,all,The Three of them,"Take me out to the back of the shed,and shoot me in the back of the headtake me out to the back of the shed,and shoot me in the back of the headtake me out to the back of the shed,and shoot me in the mother♥♥♥♥ing headuh ha ha ha ha ha ha habet you've never seen a wreck like this,yo, but I'm always doing better than your peers and your ♥♥♥♥♥, so,what you trying to say about my wrists?yo, I'm old yeller, yelling at the top of my lungsbut I'm always at the top of it,♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm like the runt litterI made a deal with God that let's me live to the fullest,but with the company paying bitter."
,Not Recommended,306130,34745511,Posted: 4 September,all,erikmd11_ | csgoatse.com,JOGO DISGRETA VEI
,Not Recommended,306130,33863426,Posted: 28 July,all,Reaper,"Don't, just don't. you will vomit."
76561198042869939,Recommended,306130,31123472,Posted: 13 April,all,Xiou,Decent.
76561198275859961,Recommended,306130,26725747,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,derekchcheong,Unable to play after down loading on my PCGame CrashWasted Cash after paying for it
,Recommended,306130,29213113,Posted: 12 January,all,Penguins Are Neato (sick),"Instead of my usual pros and cons list I'm going to tell you a short story.So I was just walking in the rain with weapon. Suddenly I found a farm with a whole bunch sheep things. I then decided to clear the farm and kill every sheep thing I could find. I had found out someone found me and I got a bounty. I was like ""eh... whatever"" and kept killing sheep. I decided to do a quest. Then realizing shortly after the quest was in the town nearby. I then keep going to the town. A guard sees me and talks to me. I then run away. After that the fight happens he wins and (me) the khajit was never found again.Lesson of the story: Never kill a heard of sheep.That's just one of the many things you can do in ESO."
76561198149756054,Not Recommended,306130,34949216,Posted: 14 September,all,chaosgoddess.tj,"Way too lore friendly for my tastes  i need my manly swimming trunks outfit and giant wings XD as an mmo its ok but not great have played better games ie FF14 PSO2 GW2. i purchased ps4 and pc version of this game i prefer ps4 to pc but pc is easier seeing as i can get the addons to find skyshards and lorebooks so basicly if your a lazy as **** player, play pc version to make it so easy you could play in your sleep the addons just promote laziness removing the need to actually look for lorebooks and shards. this to me is boring as hell. will only be playing this game until a better game comes along."
76561198022429860,Recommended,306130,21722962,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,skufc19,ok
,Not Recommended,306130,34309670,Posted: 17 August,all,Hodor,"Feels like Skyrim on novice difficulty, you start as a god and you will stay a god. No point in leveling or this game being an rpg."
76561198065189573,Not Recommended,306130,26458742,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,liamc1989,ok i bought crowns but did not recive in game. bought the 750 crowns one =/
76561198200387613,Not Recommended,306130,28799542,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GeometricAaron,Complete  waste of time. Don't buy this through steam. The launcher is broken and both companies don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥to help.
,Not Recommended,306130,30023746,Posted: 18 February,all,[POSH] Xray,"Very fun to play with friends, or even alone.However, I can not recommend due to absurd problems with installation, updating, and the launcher in general. Very frustrating bugs, with the devs being very slow and dragging their feet with it.If you do not mind the wonky and poorly-made launcher, it is a very good game, allowing most of the freedom that is common within Elder Scrolls games. You are allowed to use any class with any race, and any weapon with any class. Each weapon, race, profession (Smithing, leatherworking, etc), armor type (light, medium, heavy), and class it's own set of abilities. I absolutely adore this system."
76561197975539981,Not Recommended,306130,28094997,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Babbles,"This game is poor, for 2 succinct reasons.1. Level scaling of dungeons simply doesn't work, between relative (% basedskills), absolute (# based skills) and the dependencies on numbers or percentages for these skills to work (one can rely on the other), the game is simply class locked and ability locked - for an Elder Scrolls game, this is nothing like what you would be used too. You simply cannot play a combat mage, you cannot play a damage healer, for all the talk of being able to do so, as soon as you pair with someone higher level than you, the game system breaks down.2. You level skills at a rate based on your total level - so if you are level 50, and select a skill you have never used at all in the game, then fight a level 50 boss, that level one useless skill will progress 1% of the way to level 2. Your choices in the first few moments of the game determine your character for the entire game, essentially. Again, nothing like an Elder Scrolls game.Pay for it if you have the $20 to spare whilst it is on special, not worth the full price for a game you invest time into.This game feels alot like playing Baldurs Gate 2 after experiencing Ice Wind Dale 2 - you want the former's game setting with the latter's game rules."
,Not Recommended,306130,28436451,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,☮ÐΛℕℕУJ745☮,what could have been great sucks♥♥♥♥♥big time it has the fluidity of cinderblocks in a washing machine maybe the developers left this to the kitchen staff to make
76561198047838896,Not Recommended,306130,28799127,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,cLAy_piGeon,"This is a horrible game. I love playing Skyrim and Fallout but this thing is complete junk. If you like Everquest(EQ) or similar like World of Warcraft then you will surely like this game. I personally hate a game like this and find it repetitively boring.You start off in a area that is suppose to be a kinda hell place and this woman comes by and lets you out of a cell. Just by chance she saw you in there and assumes you will help her. For some reason she went to this place with a priest and he got stuck somehow and wow it just gets worse from there on. I mean this is suppose to be a sandbox game but to get you started they just put you in a situation where nothing has meaning nor does it make you feel like there is a meaning. I mean I would have been more involved to start this as a character starting in some town with nothing going on than this crap intro.The graphics on this basicly suck. You would figure with this huge size game file of 56gig(plus) that there would be something to talk about, something eye-popping, but no there isn't.I do not really have much else to say about this game because the content is so dry and done so many times before."
76561198188861042,Recommended,306130,17216933,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Zeref,KELB
76561198050552157,Recommended,306130,11326823,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Jackod,"The hate train for this game is stupid, with many people judging and putting bad comments online without even playing the game. I could not recommend this game enough, though dont expect Skyrim multi-player, because it is an MMO and in my opinion a great one :D"
,Not Recommended,306130,32546929,Posted: 18 June,all,IndomitableFlea,"Tries to Create a character, kicked out, tries again, disconected, tries again, game crashes. and the two hours i have are loading times."
,Not Recommended,306130,34926439,Posted: 13 September,all,Vsmdragon1,"Alright, lemme lay down the law here for you guys. I have 120 hours in this game. Not played. I have a total of 6 hours played in this game. The other 114 hours were from attempting repairs and reinstalls to make the game work, totalling around 5 reinstalls and 3 repairs. I've attempted everything in the forums that could possibly assist in making this game work... but it just doesn't. The first time I downloaded it, it took up 150 GB, which is already outrageous. The 60-80GB steam download is ONLY THE INSTALLER. A large patch will follow requiring another 87 GB. This first download took me two full days to complete, 48 hours nonstop at 8 MB/s at the fastest. It shouldn't have taken as long as it did expect that I believe for 2 hours total it was at that speed. The rest of the time it sat at 1.5MB/s or below, often hitting zero and remaining there for an unreasonable amount of time. Therefore I cannot recommend this game to anybody that has any of these issues or situations:-Any less than 170GB of free space-Want to use the internet for anything else than the download (I don't recommend it, it will be hella slow and will stagnate the download to nothing)-Questionable state of hard drive or external drives (This game will corrupt itself every chance it gets, only one time on my second download I believe did the patch itself not corrupt and require it to start over from the beginning AFTER a 9 hour repair. Two days later the game got an unstable patch and it corrupted itself to the point where I had to reinstall it. It failed 3 times on two different drives, corrupting or refusing to go above 0kB/s for over 8 hours.)~~~~~~As for the features of the game:-Basic yet semi decent character creator-Feels amazing in first person for an MMO-Feels terrible when compared to an Elder Scrolls game (I understand that some elements needed to be changed to make it more MMO viable, but a lot of features seem very bland and lightweight, lacking a lot of OOMF that I've come to appreciate from other games around this time)-Story is mildly interesting, 6/10-Map is just a standard MMO layout with a Skyrim theme (Much less dense and interesting, lots of running around open space with nothing but small, meaningless enemies in between)Taking all this into consideration, I don't recommend this game. Unless you want to take on the challenge, then go for it. I could see myself easily sinking 120+ hours in playtime if Zenimax could put more time into making it playable."
76561198053898104,Not Recommended,306130,32968168,Posted: 28 June,all,Sxyme,Too much lag and server down time.
,Recommended,306130,24053321,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,* Viljamas III *,Up
76561198059603013,Recommended,306130,24396598,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Rexor,Long live the Dominon
,Not Recommended,306130,31714108,Posted: 12 May,all,Moose,"If i could get my money back for this game, that would be great."
,Not Recommended,306130,34317907,Posted: 17 August,all,PublicMasturbatr,As an ESO Plus member; owning all the DLCs. This game gets boring after 20-30 hours of gameplay. The map is gigantic and you can't do much in it.
,Not Recommended,306130,33475324,Posted: 12 July,all,koroshiya-san,Not a Skyrim that's for sure.
,Not Recommended,306130,33688433,Posted: 20 July,all,Knightbasa,"If you want to reach out for any tech support on this game HAVE FUN, you'll click through a ton of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t about the easiest problems, ""is your internet on?"" and get no ""contact us"" or any ""other"" option to ask about, have tried to reinstall this game multiple times, haven't been able to play since I bought it for one stupid issue.Moral of the story.  THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AN ABSOLUTE♥♥♥♥♥♥MAZE ONLINE PREMADE ANSWERS."
76561198319267731,Not Recommended,306130,31627740,Posted: 8 May,all,葬爱家族丶龙少,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198088935841,Recommended,306130,20107096,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BlueWonder,Love sticking my face into butts. My excuse for doing so? I was pick-pocketing :).
,Recommended,306130,33907358,Posted: 30 July,all,†† Varyn Khatar ††,what kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥MMO allows tanks to only have 1 aggro skill.... bich go somewhere..Would recommend.... but avoid being a tank.
,Not Recommended,306130,26678837,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Nazshak,"I gave this game three chances. Once in beta and twice during Steam sales. This game failed to entertain me every single time and what else, their game support is horrible! It takes usualy a week and couple of curse words until somebody starts resolving your issue."
76561198061406103,Recommended,306130,11335898,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Blackfyre Rebellion,"Most the reviews on this game are on paying the monthly subscrition and saying its not worth the money. Put the subscription aside its actually a pretty good game. It has a different feel than most mmorpgs, almost like a mix between WoW and elderscrolls. I can see why some people dont like this game but i think their expectations were too high. Sure it doesnt compare to Skyrim but you also have to remember this is their first mmorpg. Overall I recomend this game if your a diehard elderscrolls fan who wants a different feel to the style."
76561198059969119,Recommended,306130,11449323,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,D0G5T4R AF,"I feel most peoples reviews of this game are harsh and misplaced. Most buy this game expecting World of Warcraft with a Eldercroll skin, or buy it expecting Skyrim with mmore then you roaming the world. Well its not either of this things, it is a game all its own. Don't get me wrong it does have a lot of aspects of Skyrim in it, and does have that very distinct Elder Scrolls feel that has been present over the last three games.......but it also draws heavily upon MMO's that have come before it like WoW, Rift, and Swtor. It takes what worked from each of these games and mixes them up into a completely different feeling game. The combat system is great, relying on you to make skilled adjustments mid fight. The crafting system is completely solid and hard as hell, which is nice to see as I find most games sugar coat things for new players. This is the one game that even in early stages I felt challenges, once again is nice to see as I think MMO's recently do too much hand holding and don't really challenge there players till later content. You have to really think before you tackle a pack or mobs, how many are their, what is the terrain like, are my spells and talents going to be useful. Its a thinking mans/womans MMO at its core. Great game and one I highly recommend!"
76561198017269712,Recommended,306130,11387015,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,OTB OldToothlessBastard,"Regardless of previous bad reviews i'm quite enjoing it.I'm not normally a fan of mmos, but love the elderscrolls series and fallout series from the beginning.this has a different feel to the usual elderscrolls games, and takes some getting used to.I had no problems installing it and setting it up through steam, it runs smooth and does not feel laggy at all.any problems i have had so far have been minour ingame errors, Eso support have fixed them all within 30 mins or less.I hated wow and the abortion diablo 3 but am really enjoying Eso ""go Figure"".new stuff is being added to Eso and they seem to fix any problems really quickly, and their support staff are quick to respond.all in all currently i'd rate this game an 8/10.Theres room for improvement in some areas, but others are just right.if your expecting skyrim online this is not it, but it is still a good game with much to learn and do.well worth trying if you have the cash and like mmo games. if your new to mmos this could be the game for you."
76561198066269415,Recommended,306130,11378923,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,-ShimmyJ-,"I don't know why people are having so many problems playing the game from Steam. I had spent about 30 minutes trying to resolve my ""Wrong Information"" problem when trying to log into the game. I then realized all I needed to do was register my CD Key given to me from Steam onto the account page for ESO and I was up and running.I've never experienced any of these problems anyone else is facing. Just let the installer do the updates. Some may take longer than others and sometimes it won't even look like it's doing anything at all. Just be patient.The game is great and it's worth grabbing if you know what you're doing. Sure it does take a little extra effort getting it working but that's very minimal."
76561197979212435,Recommended,306130,11410399,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Kadaga,"While this game may not feel entirely like the Elder Scrolls experience we are all used to, it is enjoyable and entertaining to play. I haven't yet had much experience with PvP, and perhaps I will alter this review in the future to reflect my thoughts on it. Currently I would recommend this game for those folk I know who would enjoy exploring more of Tamriel because the storyline and side-quests really help to flesh out the world and its inhabitants.There are a couple of things that absolutely take away from the immersion. For instance: The dialog choices are basically non-existent. In regards to about 90% of interactions I have had with NPCs, there is only one response you can choose. There is no way to roleplay any kind of personality other than the one the developers have chosen for you, which really detracts from the whole ""Elder Scrolls"" feeling of the game.Overall, I give it a 7/10. Give it a try if you can find it on sale, and play for the 30 days that are included free. Draw your own conclusions from this game, because it has both strong and weak points."
76561198022230345,Recommended,306130,11380486,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,PhantomWolf,"No idea why this has a 71 metascore.  I almost didn't play this game because I knew I'd be let down.  Turns out I was completely wrong.  It is almost like playing an elder scrolls game minace the that feeling of lonliness you eventually get after a few hundred hours of game play. haha  The world is amazing and deep.  Nothing looks cheap or repetitive.  The story telling sets a new standard.  A must play for fans of the series.  If you're one of those Mt Dew chugging WoW-heads that only care about PvP leaderboards, specific builds, and talking about DPS, maybe stick with WoW.  If you want an imersive fantasy experience, you need this game. Not that I hate WoW or that there is any real comparison between the two, but when it comes to MMOs, one will always use WoW as the standard."
76561197971877162,Not Recommended,306130,11408874,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Asses of Fire,"I have already produced a video first impression of ESO so I'm not going to exposit all that again.  Simply put, ESO is a standard themepark mmo.  It has decent enough graphics. Decent enough gameplay. Its problem is that it suffers from an identity crisis. It doesn't know if it wants to be an elder scrolls single player game or an average mmo with an elder scrolls paint job.If you're looking for a single player ES experience then DONT buy this game! You will barely feel immersed in its world with hundreds of other players in the zone running in and killing all the mobs in front of you then just leaving. THis kind of gameplay experience is very standard in MMO's but it ruins the elder scrolls experience completely.It is very addictive though, as are most themepark mmo's due to how easy they are and the want to get to max level as soon as possible.  ESO is extremely easy.  You will be able to blast through mobs 7 levels higher than you with ease and complete quests 5 levels above you quite often.  These quests then give you rewards that are higher level than you, of which you can't equip for several levels.I haven't quite gotten back to this game since it's gone buy 2 play, but it's definately a move in the right direction for ZOS.  I'm sure the game is worth a buy now. I just dont have the time with so many MMO's on the market now.  In all honesty, b2p mmo's are some of the best because you don't have as many gold farmers spamming in general chat."
,Recommended,306130,11578554,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Nearth,"Wow so many negative reviews on this game. Personally, I enjoy it very much, it feels just different enough from other MMOs. I'm also a huge elder scrolls fan and I just love this game and it's atmosphere. Granted I am only level 10, so I haven't experienced nearly all of the game, but so far its great."
76561198132438384,Recommended,306130,11472412,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Master of Cheese,TRY IT OUT.... ITS AWESOME BABES
76561198077894234,Recommended,306130,11512768,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,johnmccarthy7000,"would i recomend the elder scrolls online, well it all depends. It depends on various things for example if you have played skyrim or if have played other mmo's like wow. I understand that eso has gotten huge amounts of critisism and unhappy players  because of various things like their monthly subscription along with the money you need to pay in the first place , things like housing , combat style  and lack of similarity with skyrim and other elder scroll games. but the truth is that eso (leaving out things that i have mentioned already) is actually quite a good mmo, it already has the infrastructure that it needs , like voice-over, story line, graphics, progression system, leveling system, quests, guilds, castle seiges, dark anchor events. the most important things are already in the game, most of the things that have been gotten critisism will be added or changed, eso including all of its events and quests and endless exploration does provide the player with 150+ hours of gameplay. if you enjoyed skyrim, or any other elder scrolls game, if you enjoy mmo's , i would reccomend elder scrolls online despite the amount of critisism it has recieved , in time things like pricing , housing and accesible locations will all have changed so i would most deffinitly reccomend this game"
76561198098490288,Not Recommended,306130,12311587,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Ethical Coma,WORST GAME I EVER HAD! this is a discrace to the elder scrolls franchise !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
76561198126570025,Not Recommended,306130,12318168,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Alpha Wolfie,you game is♥♥♥♥♥♥if u buy a game that cost this much you sod be able to play it whitout paing again becose wen i bougt the game that window that say you have to pay evry moth did not show
76561198024198899,Recommended,306130,11532655,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,[ZSU]Orpheus,"The Elder Scrolls Online is unlike any other Elder Scrolls Game. Simply put this is because it is using the MMO skeleton to influence play and questing and this, in the beginning, had me worried as it did many other people.After first diving into the game I noticed the art style is very similar to Skyrim (that being one of the two Skyrim comparisons I will make) and the graphics hold their own against may other MMO's out there.Graphics aside, after jumping into the tutorial missions I immediately noticed the abundance of Lore surrounding the events within Tamriel. And after the conclusion of the tutorial the books, notes, and letters which make the Elder Scrolls Games so enthralling for people wanting to get lost in the world and its stories are definitely present and accounted for. Theworld itself is beautiful to explore and if you want to make that tiresome run all the way from the Imperial City to Windhelm you can at any level as combat tends to cater towards your level regardless of the area you're in. Although questing here is unadvised due to the lack of quests you may experience as you approach the cap. Now the combat. Different from what veteran ES players will be used to but unchanged enough to still feel fluid. The MMO hotkey bar is there and there's a very extensive skill tree available to every 'class' allowing to level up the items you want to use so you can ultimately build a truely unique character. The environments are rich and luss as is the color palate and selection of armor and weapons that are on offer. Also a nice added touch is the armor you are rewarded with or purchase tend to reflect the culture of that Region.This isnt to say that ESO is all sunshine and rainbows. There are many things that separate ESO from any previous installment of the serious. The environments are huge and the lands stretch on however, you never really feel that sense of vastness until you look at the map. In skyrim or oblivion you would look off to a mountain and go I want to climb that or spot something interesting way off in the distance and go, I want to find out what that is. It gave a great sense of adventure. That sense is stil in ESO however often the render distance lets it down and often when I went to look into the distance a small hill or clump of trees would block my view making it feel like i was consistently entering a room or instance of the game instead of exploring this vast world. Other then that there are still some minor bugs with the game but most of the major ones that were present at launch are gone. I personally had a loading screen error when I first started to play and I had to restart a few times but since clearly the starting area the error has vanished. Many of titles tend to take a day to load in and allow you to select them are there is the occasion AI bug that means you have to restart a quest from where you left off.Despite these flaws ESO is a solid installment in the series and is definitely going to keep me coming back to Tamriel for a while.SCORE: 8.5/10"
76561198077286047,Not Recommended,306130,11951440,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Ronin_,this game has not worked from day one..... please can i have my money back
76561198026989105,Recommended,306130,14937307,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,alpk-97,best game ever 10/10it is the best mmorpg that i have played and i am grateful that i wont be paying for this paradise
76561198112578858,Not Recommended,306130,31120808,Posted: 13 April,all,deadman3080,Too many DLCs to pay and in game transaccion after you expend a lot for a full game
,Recommended,306130,14929940,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Neverdie,Good MMORPG
76561198041327604,Not Recommended,306130,25444883,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Android Hell,"Thanks Bethesda, for changing the system requirements and making this game unplayable.Thanks for not notifying me, or many other people, about this; I spent many hours trying to figure out the problem.Thanks for taking the 60 something dollars I threw into this game and invalidating that.  I'm not rich.So I can't even write a thorough review of this game as it stopped working a month into owning it. It was an amazing game from what I played.It's likely there's a whole section about system requirments being subject to change in the policy agreement--so I'm not free from blame.Still, they shouldn't have said ""it'll work on  your computer!"" and changed that two months later. That's lame."
,Recommended,306130,11543458,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,TheKarmo,"I have played all main TES games, from Arena to Skyrim. I've also had experience with several MMO's, including 6-7 years of WoW. And all I have to say is that I love ESO.Most people say that you shouldn't approach ESO as if it were another single player TES. I've done it, and I found it most enjoyable. The main quests and important areas for it are phased in such a way that you'll feel like you're doing it alone, and most of the time you'll not even notice people around you, specially if you mute the zone chats. And yes, the is a lore explanation for that, because the whole game takes place during a Dragon Break. Look it up.Quest are incredibly thought and well designed, every area has its main quest and some kind of objective you can do. Side quests are everywhere, and crafting is extremely fun.On the other hand, when I do engage in the multiplayer aspect of the game, is also not bad. The guild system is nice, letting you join 5 guilds, so you'll have plenty of room to experiment. The dungeons are fun and well designed. The class system makes it so you don't have to rely too heavily on healers, tanks or what not: with proper preparation, all clases can heal and/or tank, and most of the encounters in the dungeons don't even need group healing or tanking, as players can (and are expected to) take care of themselves most of the time. I appreciate that.In short, I can't see where all the hatred for this game comes from. It's not half as bad as many say it is. Worth the buy and the sub, IMHO."
76561198054081306,Not Recommended,306130,12039159,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Tom Servo,Worst game ever!! I don't know what is wrong with steam but I am sick and tired of having games work one minute then STEAM loses all the game content and I have to take a day to upload it again.
,Not Recommended,306130,24817848,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,KingPineapple,"The Elder Scrolls Online is a massively multiplayer online role-playing video game developed by ZeniMax Online Studios. It was originally released on April 4, 2014 for Microsoft Windows and OS X.Story- the story for this game is terrible and unimmersive. It is very generic and jsut your typical story but you are not someone special like a dragonborn you are just a normal guy! The story is jsut a load of fetch quests and boring mission. you complete a mission and get a weapon that does slightly more damage than the one you got from doing the last mission!gameplay- the gameplay jsut gets repetitive and same old same old. It is jsut repetitive and feels like a chore to play!combat- the combat is one of the only things that is good about this game. the combat is amazing just like always in elder scrolls! They did not go for your typical MMO combat and stuck to the elder scrolls formula which is great.Character- the character creater is average and nothing special at all. It should be way better than it is by now!skill/perks- the skill and perk system is very detailed and confusing in a good way. it forces you to think about what you are doing and not make blind choices like an idiot.Series-This does not feel like a elder scrolls game as a lot of people say.It feels jsut like an MMO and not an elder scrolls game which is a complete disaster and a crime.Multiplayer- unless you have a friend to play with who is the same race then it jsut feels like a singleplayer game. trust me you will not meet people who will team with you. if you dont already have a friend before you are alone and might aswell be playing a single player game.Dialouge- Dialouge is very generic and boring and not interesting at all. I get to apoint where Isut skipped almost everything and I never normally do that no matter how boring! and I am not the only person! I have noticed a lot of people jsut rushing through the dialouge and moving on!Overall this game is not a complete disaster and has gotten better with age and fixed by Bethesda so I am going to rate it 5.6/10"
76561197970755392,Not Recommended,306130,11450253,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,OPUS,"The Bad:  No Auction House.   Crafting is crap.  I've played 4-5 hours and collected all the required materials but STILL cannot make a simple potion.  Crafting is based on luck, trying different combinations of materials to see if they work together.  If they don't, you lose them!  And yes, you can search online and find recipies to avoid that, but crafting in a game should stand alone and not require offline info hunting.  Also, there's no way to map a hotkey to quickly drink potions during combat.  You have to use a poorly designed radial menu via the ""Q"" key, and during combat it is very cumbersome at best and many people have complained about dying while trying to just drink a potion.  (Edit:  Greymind's Quick Slot add-on DOES WORK!  So at least there is that.)The Good:  The Graphics are nice.  Portal travel system is helpful, but very necessary since the beginning mount costs 17k gold and that takes a long time to make, especially since there is no auction house.   (See?  Even the ""Good"" section has to include ""Bad"" issues!?)Too many frustrating problems keep this from being fun.  Play a better MMO...there are plenty out there."
76561198074700884,Not Recommended,306130,13598920,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DAnkweed42069,"This GaMe Is DUmB I BoUgt fR 30 AnD nw is 20, ♥♥♥♥ U RtRd"
76561198151385130,Not Recommended,306130,12310676,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,zookeenee,you have to pay subscrition!!!!!!!
76561198047771937,Not Recommended,306130,34050023,Posted: 5 August,all,RAPTOR JESUS,"Tried to get into it, couldn’t help but be disappointed. The story’s not as appealing as in Skyrim and the combat is not as in depth. Don’t get this knockoff"
,Not Recommended,306130,14812816,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Spompas,6.3.15 bought7.9.15 wrong client downloaded (either selected eu server)8.3.15 download finished least 135 gb9.3.15 full of bugs. everyone confused in world. bought imperial edition for faster questing. and questing stucked.
76561198031265869,Not Recommended,306130,29507372,Posted: 26 January,all,Thel Vadam,This is not elder scrolls
76561198099845512,Not Recommended,306130,30310579,Posted: 4 March,all,YinYangSparty,"Perma banned on a 1st rule offense (spamming) after more then 3 thousand hours of playing. Good game, terrible community, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers"
,Recommended,306130,11393033,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Narf,"[UPDATE]: IT'S FREE TO PLAY NOW SO FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF! (NO SUBSCRIPTION)So I have noticed a lot of negative reviews, even before I proceeded to purchase the game for myself and I just want to clear the waters here.THE PRICE: This seems to be the main concern for people here. ""I really don't want to spend this much on a game."" You need to understand this game is new, as all new games, the initial price is nothing surprising at all.. On top of the initial $59.99 you will require a credit card for monthly subscription as this is an MMORPG and it is to be expected. Although $15 is quite steep for a subscription, I'm almost certain you will get your play time out of it, which I will adress next.THE GAMEPLAY: This part reallty impresses me, the customization offered when you start your character is incredible! I feel like I am playing my own unique mer, which is a submerging aspect for a gamer to find in an MMORPG. Once you've created your very own character, you then go through a tutorial which teaches you the basic run down of combat and such, and then you are shipped off to start your life in Tamriel! (which is ABSOLUTELY HUGE) I promise you there is no shortage of quests and things to do! you can spend hours upon hours in a city finding people who need an able bodied adventurer such as yourself!THE COMMUNITY: The community has been very helpful in guiding me through everything I need to know this far, all you need to do is reach out and ask, there are many guilds based around helping new players. I find that one of the aspects of this game I have the most fun with is that you meet people(other players) throughout your quests and sometimes even get to team up with them! The game was definitely geared toward having a great community rooted in team work. (although you have the option to solo)OVER ALL CONSENSUS: Bare in mind that every review you read holds bias to the critic. I really enjoy this game and although some people may not be able to dish out a hefty $14.99 monthly to play, I do recommend they give it a taste before throwing it away. The people you will meet are fairly new as well, so you have the opportunity to get in on the game while it's still fresh. My only suggestion is that you don't take the negative reviews so seriously and give the game a try for yourself.I'll see you in Tamriel!"
,Recommended,306130,12618513,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,henryfakesmile,"update from FebGame is developing in the right way. A bit next step to our favorite Elder Scrolls games.to those low life complaining about the MONTHLY subscription, now you got what you want, the game is going B2p starting from 3-17and i understand 80% of the gamer are worthless low life nerds which think $12 MONTHLY subscription fee is an exorbitant amount to pay for a game, which is very illogical considering most people's lifestyles.  because normal people will spend $600 on an iPad, and $5 on a coffee, drop $20 on lunch $20 for a drink on happy hour ,$1000 for a fashion brand clothes ,  but when it comes to spending four or five or ten dollars on a game, it's this life-altering decision. I'm frustrated with thatI am really excited. Great updates come to ESO and after years of just playing every mmo for a month or two I have finally found my home, Other than that, I have seen anything and everything and except for EQ Next and Camelot Unchained, I have lost interest in everything else. Thanks ESO for bringing back my interest in Mmmorpgs.really wish more people would ditch mmo politics and just enjoy the games for what they are.MMORPG discussions are now no better than getting into an internet discussion about republicans or democrats...its just not possible to have an honest discussion where people don't dig their heels in and try to pump their favorite.as you can see bunch of low life Losers keep on talking about the monthly subscription.. jeez, a drink during happy hour would have cost more than that !As it stands ESO was one of my favorite mmorpg experiences, I just hit 50 (bow templar), well VR2 now since the weekend...I'm loving this thing so far. With only a few minor annoyances, this thing is heads above other MMO's I've tried.I thought the story was pretty good. Malog Bol was too easy though. I just kited around and pot shotted him while healing when necessary. Mannimarco was harder - he required good positioning for me to get him with those adds. Dark Mane was the hardest solo boss of the game thus far, if you ask me. He took me forever, I actually had to quit playing for a few hours cuz of him. Geesh. Beating Malog Bol, though, felt a lot like the end of the story in SWTOR - what's the point of continuing? Wish the story kept on going, somehow.I love the steady stream of loot drops, gathering, etc. I like the the crafting feels like you are making your own item, rather than something with preset values - wish there was an ingame model viewer for the different styles, though. Provisioning is a mess, but that's being overhauled, I guess? Too many ingredients with no way to farm them (or so that I've found) - but the only change I'd recommend here is, for example, letting ""guars"" drop guar eggs more consistently (maybe they do, I haven't noticed it in the guar hunting I've done). Things of that nature; but no biggie. I also like that you are pretending like you are discovering potions, instead of selecting from a list; and that the mats drop anywhere and the solution decides the power. That's fantastic.I love the free world exploring and that it's encouraged. If i had a gripe, its that there aren't enough ""dungeons"" (solo) that you can happen across. In that sense, the zones are almost too small - too many quests packed into some areas too. I feel like some relatively open zones that are just totally random would be just awesome.Stamina builds feel gimped in comparison to magicka builds. Since blocking/dodging requires stamina; it's hard to DPS and dodge on elites with a bow. Kinda wish there was an alternate resource for that. *shrug*. I'm almost considering going from bow to destro/resto staff because of that. Wish the ability bar had maybe 3 more slots to it....having to switch out the soul shard thing on occasion kinda sucks. Why, for instance, would you slot the medium armor ""ultimate"" for 15% dodge with such a limited amount of space?My second biggest gripe is the group and public dungeons. Public ones are the worst - since you don't need the trifecta of roles and it's just a DPS race, really - you have to go with the biggest idiot in the group who runs forward without thinking. I'd much prefer ""harder"" solo dungeons where you have to pay attention to mechanics and still play alone. The solo dungeons are too easy, generally. The public ones are annoying. I've skipped the group ones, mostly, because I like to play alone. I did two of them (banished cells, tempest island maybe?). Solo dungeons should be instanced and lock other people out - be easy to complete. Public ones should be optionally soloed, with the power/health etc set to match the # of people in there - be of moderate difficulty to defeat. Group ones should be reverted to the same thing. And made to be pretty hard for 1 person but easier with groups. Something like that.My biggest gripe is what, I'm sure, everyone complains about. The inventory management. Oh my. I have 1 toon, and 5 mule toons to carry mats. I wish the game followed the GW2 model of the void storage system where mats went there for use. I spent 2 hours this weekend lining up toons, and leveling some crafting and selling stuff I wouldn't need in the future.Finally, after playing Oblivion, Skyrim and this; I've had enough of Sheogorath to last me a lifetime. I really don't get why he's so prominent. He's not really funny or interesting, he's just annoying."
,Recommended,306130,11403515,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,@asanil999@,All i want to say is that ^ there is lack of player interaction ^! yea u can chat etc.. but compared to wow it is really boring interaction system ...   after some time playing  i stopped reading the quests  just clicked next next next.... it was really boring..my advice is that :  play skyrim for good roleplaying.. and play wow for good online roleplayin !
76561198213320637,Recommended,306130,23727952,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Nacho_Cat619,I love this games
,Not Recommended,306130,16212668,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Braydo,"It's an okay game. I didn't get too far, I think, but the quests were just too boring. Most of them are just like ""go here and kill 3 wolves"" or ""find 5 of my friends pls."" It felt like an even more boring Skyrim. Given, I have more than 200+ hours in Skyrim and I liked it, when you think deeply, it is pretty slow and boring. I'd only get this when on sale."
76561197977955024,Not Recommended,306130,19849606,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Joseph Malenkov,"It's an MMO, so unless you have lots of time to dedicate, you won't find it very fulfilling as you won't be able to get to know people in game. Again, as any MMO, in the end the quests are mostly the same.Got bored after not much long."
,Not Recommended,306130,13954660,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,THEGAME,This game never runs for me it did once and gave me a error and I had to buy a subscriptoin and I was like and heck no and i didnt buy it
,Not Recommended,306130,17613523,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,фей меня,"i've spent 5days straight for the download and when the launcher came out it updates, not a regular update.. but gigabytes of updates. it may seems no problem for you all in NA or Europe, but it's definitely a problem in south east asia. not all peeps are rich bethesda, please consider merge all of those gigabytes of files, updates, includes in first download of the game, thank you.Also please have an asian megaserver, because neither North America or Europe is close to south east asia."
,Not Recommended,306130,23508014,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Angeron,"After spending 900 hours into this game im happy to say that its complete trash.* Graphics are not even close to 2007.* The game plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Choppy, sluggish with worst animations for combat iv ever seen.* Pvp is nonexistent. If you have say 20k health and there comes the nightblade with Heavy attack for 17k and an ultimate ability for 16k all in 1 second. how am i supposed to live through that and have an enjoyable pvp???????* 5 + 1 skillslots x2 ?! WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ WAS IN CHARGE OF THIS IDEA ?? TO THE GUILLOTINE WITH YOU!* There is no consistency with classes. They say you can play however you want BUT IT DOESNT WORK LIKE THAT.* New DLC's are just copy paste with almost same quest mechanics. You cant advance in DLCs story quest unless you do some random side quest.* This game is moneysink. Want a crafting inventory ? Pay up.     Want cool costumes? Pay up.   Wanna cool mounts? Pay up.  etc. etc.* Pve instances are just Copy paste no uniqueness. To find a group as DPS charecter you have to wait like 30mins to get a party to do daily dungeons.* There is no decent Auction system in place. + Most of the items you get or craft are bound by default.This game is just below average. And this is defenetly not an Elder Scrolls gameSTAY OUT OF THIS GARBAGE, SAVE YOUR MONEY AND TIME."
76561198060980604,Recommended,306130,11484787,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Dren,When you first play it it feels like a eldersrcolls game but after you save the profit and go it open world adventure it quickly looses its magic. Looks like they spent their whole budget on graphics and were innovative in all the wrong places. I really expected a lot more from this game.
76561198171913635,Not Recommended,306130,13842531,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Bustic,"Do not buy this game on Steam. I sadly wasted $60 buying this thinking it would work. After uninstalling twice now and trying to use the ""repair"" option multiple times, I'm giving up. I'm uninstalling steam and going to try and get a hard copy like I should have done in the first place. ♥♥♥♥ Steam."
,Not Recommended,306130,30192409,Posted: 26 February,all,byteManiak,"This game is incredibly boring. The voice acting is bland, the story is bland, the environment is bland, the loading times are immense (yes, it's a 60GB game, but waiting for 10 minutes just to get through a door?), the combat system is boring, you can't advance unless you're in a party...Just... No..."
76561198078064411,Not Recommended,306130,32634579,Posted: 21 June,all,☭ Aquele He-Man,"If you're wondering wether this game is worth playing as an online RPG, my answer is NO! And it isn't worth simply because this is a pay-to-play game, in which the ""ESO Plus"" members have ""10%  upgrade to character progression"". Real life is already so messed up by social unequalities, and the guys have a chance to create a fantasy world. What's the first thing they do? Make easier for those who pay more - I'm not even mentioning that the game is full of bugs in quests and with NPC's. Also, the new Morrowind DLC(!) costs R$159,00 (I'm brazilian). Just so we can have a reference, I've payed R$99,00 in the GTA V - which I think was worth, but still not cheap. I already bought ESO online: ""No, thanks, I don't want to pay the price of two other games to play a DLC in the game I already bought."" And, even though I haven't decided to buy the DLC, the opening of the game comes with the DLC advertisement, as if I had to swallow that crap, one way or another, just because I already bought the game.The sad thing is, I always thought Skyrim online was gonna be a great idea. And it is. The only trouble is that it fell on the hands of a bunch of merceneries. Hope I can play a Skyrim online, someday, where what counts is your time and effort, not your bank account. If I wanted to play like this I wouldn't be lookin' for something in the virtual entertainment. I'd face the world. That's something l respect 'bout Counter-Strike:GO. They made skins their business, but skins don't give you advantage over other players. The game is still fair. Not like ESO.Ps: Sorry 'bout my writin', english is not my native language. Hope my review to be helpful, though. So that others don't fall in this TRAP."
76561198080348844,Not Recommended,306130,24408008,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Phoenix,"This is not an elder scrolls game+ Its online- Unforgiveable loading times- Linear progression- No freedom whatshowever- You cant travel to the next zone without finishing the right quests- Living up to the modern RPG standard of forced quests to progress- You're forced to be the ""good guy"" because of this you have no choice in the matter- Appearantly a good 2/3rd of tamriel is closed off to any given factionComing from someone who's first experience in elder scrolls was Oblivion on my xbox back in around 06 the idea of an elder scrolls mmo could only be a distant dream. Playing elder scrolls with other players and perhaps even friends would've been the best thing ever. And this is what we get for it.It's quite poorly optimized, for me it loads a minimum of 15 minutes and runs at a framerate of 10 unless the game is set to the lowest graphic settings. Even than Im only getting around 20fps even though at the best settings it looks much worse than skyrim which I can run properly so I dont think it's the fault of my PC.I'm not wanting to be the bad guy. I just want the option to not be involved at all, but appearantly that option doesn't exist in modern RPG games like this. Yes every Elder scrolls title has you involved with the main plot to some degree oblivion and skyrim being the worst offender making you ""the chosen one from the emperors dreams"" or ""the dragonborn"" (im sick and tired of that all together) but even there they let you go to explore the world however you want after you escape.  I dont really get what people have with wanting to be the best by default. Not earning it, but instead having it be their birth right.In this game however if you wanne explore the whole game you're forced to play in this role pre-fabricated and forced onto you. They allow you to make your character however you want to give the player a feel of having their own identity (even that is pretty restrictive) yet they force you to play the game like everyone else, just another number on the server juming through hoops.Take Dark Souls for example, yes you're also jumping through hoops to beat the game, the difference is I like that game series. You could consider me a hypocrit because of this. What makes ESO different from Dark Souls than? Unlike Dark Souls it's an Elder Scrolls game where you're expected to have an open non-linear world where the choice wether you're a good guy, a bad guy or completely not involved is entirely up to you. If you choose to say only travel the world after escaping Helgen in Skyrim without having seen a single dragon cause you never did the main quest you can do that. That's what I love about the Elder Scrolls games.In Dark souls you're just a nobody that everyone talks down to, you have to earn the right to be considered anything worth while through hard work and effort. But elder scrolls online isn't open and non-linear and this isn't an Elder scrolls game. This is just another MMORPG where you're the stereotypical chosen hero to save the world and a mediocre one at that.I could go into detail about what I think of character creation, what I think of the restrictive nature there. What I think of the armors and weapons looking nothing like the source material. Or how you're pretty much locked in a weapon class once you start investing in it. How the easily reached level cap pretty much ruins and demotivates any training. But I think I've said enough about the forced game progression alone that I don't really need to go into detail about this.If I wanne play an open world rpg Ill just go back to Oblivion. I made this review after my vacation so I think my time to refund this has been expired, Im still within the 2 hour limit, even if i don't get my refund. It's good to get this off my back. Its nice to see not much has really changed since the beta and Im really not missing out on anything worth while. Confirmation on this is worth the 30 bucks I put into it even though Im completely broke. Im uninstalling it either way cause I kinda need the 100+GB of space this takes up."
76561198150492419,Not Recommended,306130,32191858,Posted: 4 June,all,loganmoch,Everything in crown store needs purchased extra after the fact.  Way to screw over your fans.  No way to earn crowns ingame?!  Im not wasting anymore damn money on this crap game.
76561197974954729,Recommended,306130,11327343,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,sneakerz,I'm really impressed with this game after a lot of negativity i been hearing about. I think people were expecting skyrim online and thats really the whole deal. This is Elder Scrolls. Im not going to lie it's a bit dumb down but it sure is fun and the community is awesome. people just help you or help each other. I've only done a few hours but i sure am enjoying it. The steam sale is a good price just to experience the 30 days.
,Recommended,306130,11397168,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Dominus Arbitrationis,"The controls and set up is intiutive and simple, while providing enough depth and ability to change that you can always have fun. ZOS (Makers of the game) are active in the community and even join games regualarly to talk and respond to players. Should you have an issue, Customer Support is by far one of the best experiences I've had. Most members of the community (Excluding fanboys/girls that hate on any game constantly) are very polite and enjoyable."
76561198000161822,Not Recommended,306130,12615827,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,hrybacki,"I would love to play, if I was given an activation code..."
76561198006165471,Recommended,306130,11323633,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,iFruit,"Back in two years' time, I can't get enough of it.Most immersive MMO experience out there.Only con is Zeni's Sales division inability to address regional pricing issues.Must buy, in any case."
,Recommended,306130,19445985,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Rift,"Ok a little back story.Picture me a 14 year old maleGets SkyrimPlays none stopLoves itWaits a couple years and ""bam"" this comes outI say wow looks coolCries due to feeWait 1 year buys gameThinks it will be like skyrimIts notPlays 20 hours and spent 10 of them jumping on a bearWhy notShould you get the gameYesWhyBear"
76561198140560452,Recommended,306130,12282455,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,JakeTheTbagger69,2kool4school
,Recommended,306130,12381290,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,TickleMeFuze@pvpro.com,"69/10 best geim evar, lost mai job,wif, lif and kidz but it wus wort it Xde"
,Recommended,306130,12310433,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Gavardo,"I see everyone posting on how messed up the launcher is and onwhy not to buy this off of steam...the launcher has been fixed from what they weer posting and i am yet to have an issue with this game, actually it is one of the best games that i have played in a very long time. So of course i will recommend it."
,Not Recommended,306130,31275119,Posted: 21 April,all,Ｊｓ,Pay-to-Play bas*tard game.Also Crown Store system is a cancer.
,Recommended,306130,19449936,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,DaxterWolf,80 Dolars for a free crab 10/10 worth it
,Recommended,306130,15085191,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ＷｉＺ,"Yo DIS GAME WAS BUNsssssssBUT DEY TAKE OUT SUBSCRIPTIONS,GAME ISN'T BUNS ANYMORE."
76561198116230129,Not Recommended,306130,20434433,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,HeadAss,this game is broken my friend went through a tree. dont buy it is not worth it if you can go through a tree
76561198040172780,Not Recommended,306130,21262730,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,vexual.sy,"Well i had so much hope for this game, But to be hoenst, the only thing i want now is a refund.WORST GAME ever made."
76561198013977080,Not Recommended,306130,21759904,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Alaskan Glitch,"Do NOT buy this game.  As of the last update in March 2016, the game does not function.  Steam will not provide you with a refund, and you will have completely wasted your money on a product that does not work."
76561198111475176,Not Recommended,306130,22587817,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,tartarthedinosuar,the game itself isn't bad but im very disapointed with how many micro transactions there are. after paying 60$ on a game i expect to get a theives gulid quest line and dark brother hood quest line at least. then they add crowns to this game and make the game unfair unless you pay for gear with real world money. but the worst thing of all is the fact that you can't travel through all of tamrial only your select factions area. so if i want to be a nord and my friend wants to be a high elf we cant play togather. I enjoyed RIFT far more then i did eso and it was free.
76561197992036311,Not Recommended,306130,23985890,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,shamandan,"Fun game, but DO NOT INSTALL IT USING STEAM... You will redownload the game again and again... (been redownloading 3 times in one month) If you have already download the game using steam, DO NOT BACKUP THE GAME. Thousands of people had the same problem (search on google) and the company do nothing about it... they grab steam customer's money and do nothing about it."
,Not Recommended,306130,34084878,Posted: 7 August,all,Angel rysverma,"gw2 clone with less skills and skills combination, boring craft, avtoleveling (worst thing in tes)btw can`t launch the client after 300 hrs and 2 dlc bought. Maybe it`s because of conflict nvidia drivers and java, but the point is that devs dont careXd"
,Not Recommended,306130,28230940,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Cornerstone,"If you are looking for a game that follows the standard Bethesda RPG style, please look further. This game sacrifices personality for an online experience which, if I had to speak on behalf of those who enjoy Bethesda games for thtat exact RPG style of character creating/building; I would have to say this is not the solution to the crisis that is Bethesda Online gaming. Now everyone and their mothers had ES5: Skyrim and they all wanted to play the game simultaneously in any way, be it LAN or co-op splitscreen. Bethesda then released a trailer for ESO. Everyone wanted it and were excited for the release. On release day the reception was nearly as bad as No Man's Sky. It wasn't the unique character building that we had come to love with skill trees and perks and an epic personalized storyline where one could choose whether or not they wanted to be Dragonborn or cunning assasin or even the most artful theif in all of Tamriel. Fallout 4 brought the same, though in my own humble opinion not done as quite as well as Fallout 3 or New Vegas, in spades with even more additions to perks and highly personal fortresses, clothing, power armor, followers with their own storylines, and DLC. Even more, Fallout 4 and Skyrim had the ability to be modded, this meaning their lifespan became virtually infinite with thousands of options to choose from. ESO had lost all of this. It isn't personal as everyone follows the same questline as you do. That level 4 Khajit next to you? He will become a level 15 Khajit one day and will be at the exact point in that quest you are doing right now. Sure Orcs and High Elves don't follow the same questlines, but all Orcs follow other Orcs questlines. Everyone is the dragonborn and everyone came out of Vault 111 with a missing son, and you can't change it up and be the assassin or be part of the Brotherhood, or else everybody will too. The only customization options that are offered are your playstyle, the armor/clothing, and the initial character customization. Not to mention the servers for this MMO, are garbage which basically voids your 2 hour refund if you hate the game as merely loading the game takes a good 2-3 hours. I'm disgusted with this game. I give it a firm hell no. Stay clear of this game, oh and please Valve update your refund policy to playing the game for 10% of completion to return, or something else to make sure no one else has the problem of not being even able to load the game for hours to find out there is no possibility of a refund on a game that is complete garbage in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,306130,28441040,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,pjsplayez.GS,THIS is the best game ever if only their server near my house
76561198145561708,Not Recommended,306130,28861848,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DARKSIDE,"Best running simulator 2016. Also very good exercise spamming the 'e' key.would not recommend for the casual gamer, much too intense."
,Not Recommended,306130,30176799,Posted: 25 February,all,Logocide,Enthralling concept. Execution was disappointing. Not enough redeeming qualities to consider it among other leading MMOs.
76561198341096991,Not Recommended,306130,28098756,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,fakemmh,"This game has an endless loading screen that makes me wanna kill myself.And when I get to play the game, as soon as you get to the next loading screen...You will have to wait like a  half an year...Subscribing won't let you play the expension Morrowind, what a joke. And the class Warden is put behind a pay wall.."
76561197981086645,Not Recommended,306130,29802576,Posted: 9 February,all,rake,"Elder Scrolls Online does nothing better than any other MMO out there.The graphics are fine, but look like plastic dolls.The quests are quite ok, but not ones that you'd want to do on your next run through.Combat is your typical WoW style DIKU method of tab target.There is no feeling of exploration, you are guided by the quests and you just feel like you along for the ride.For me the killer is you are going to be fighting with the bag space long before you find any challenge in combat.Don't even contemplate crafting unless you pay the monthly subscription, which the game doesn't warrant.It's Buggy and does blue screen crash from time to time.I even had to go into Safe Mode with Internet to get the game to Install from Steam after reinstalling the game.Overall if you are bored of other MMOs this is doing nothing new and does most things worse."
76561198046696616,Recommended,306130,11341701,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,0110Angel 0f Madness0101,"After 647 hours of play I think it's time to revise my initial review of this game. I did at that time give it a positive rating and hold true to that. I called it a Masterpiece and I still hold true to that claim but not for the same reasons I initially labeled it so. I feel there's more to add now, both positive and negative.Main StoryThe main story in this, in my opinion is far more impressive than the ES4 and 5 Main quests., in es4 and 5 I felt that some of the guild side quests surpassed the main quests. In this game the Main story offers a bit of everything. A compelling story delving into tamriel's history revealing things we could only imagine before. It brings to life a lot of old characters we only read about in lore books up to this point. If you can get this game on a good sale, use your free month to play the main story then even that is worth it in my opinion, even if you don't keep playing.PVP MasterpieceI should say that I loathed pvp in other games. That in itself should speak volumes. However, with this game, it is excellent. It combines elements of Co-op siege warfare, missions, etc that you can spend hours at. Really it is the soul of the game -is- the real game and without it there's no way this game would have secured my interest.PVE Fail.The PVE in this, is repetitive and empty. The first few quests you can actually enjoy. But then as you progress to 50 you notice the same story being played out over and over again with different actors. It gets to the point where you can essentially just intuit what's happening without even reading or listening and you just spam through all the mindless quests, go do the fetch, get the exp, rinse lather repeat all the way to VR. Unfortunately this PVE nonsense is the most effective way to level, and it's completely lacking in creativity.General gameplayFlavorless. The landscape is beautiful, the music is beautiful even the dirt is beautiful. However, after the first few days, after you get a feel for how the game mechanics flow and after you realize there's a lot you are doing that you don't need to do and can just spam and brute your way through everything. There is not enough substance to the gameplay to bring to life all the other colorful aspects of the game. There are plenty of ways to do things but really the most effective way doesn't have to include all the machinations and game systems they set up. Aside from all this, I must admit that they have combined the typical mmo mechanics with all the typical elder scrolls mechanics in a tasteful and impressive way but again I must stress that the feeling of not having to do x to get to y when you can just skip it all and go straight to z removes all feeling of purpose from this.My final verdict on this game: If you liked the older mmos and you like elder scrolls, get this on sale, use your free month to enjoy the main story and get to Vet Rank, give the pvp a good run(even if you hated pvp before, like myself) and then decide for yourself if it's worth it to keep playing. For these reasons I maintain a positive rating on this game, but buy with caution."
76561198119130883,Recommended,306130,16646960,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Gursehill,Wish I could play it but all it does is get stuck on a black loading screen when I launch but from trailers it looks awsome
,Recommended,306130,19952197,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Peejay,this is a total ripoff of minecraft story mode
,Recommended,306130,29791789,Posted: 8 February,all,Kittennater,Yees
,Not Recommended,306130,34359861,Posted: 19 August,all,Owen Wilson,"too many dlcs, company too greedy splitting up the community"
76561198073016476,Recommended,306130,16675464,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Doktor Klenk,Got into the first City and started to fight with Guards69/69 would get killed by a Guard again
,Not Recommended,306130,15478298,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Ghan,"Avoid at all cost to buy it from steam, causes more problems than needed.Steam litteraly do nothing for this game. You'd be better off just buying it straight from the ESO site.Don't do the same mistake I did.Not to mention that any attempt to verify/backup the game through steam will result in all game files being deleted because steam believes them to be corrupt (when they 100% are not) and require you to download the entire game again.So do avoid it on Steam."
,Not Recommended,306130,34684677,Posted: 2 September,all,"fhork, dwarven defender","the game doesnt launch properly, and it really is just a horrible nuisance. The 14 hours i have on this game was just from the launcher installing the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now i have to download it again?! i dont tolerate this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
,Not Recommended,306130,30988989,Posted: 6 April,all,Demon,"every single addition to the game, paid DLCpotato servers - drops a lot and when it's up high pingfull of bugs (quests, skills, party, dungeons, achievements,...)imbalanced builds and changes to the core mechanics very oftencompared to other MMO: not goodcompared to offline elder scrolls: not good"
,Not Recommended,306130,34653548,Posted: 1 September,all,Jonde Poka,"Apparently the game is 170 GB and not 85 GB, which is listed below. I didn't have that much space so I couldn't play the game, but just a heads up for those about to buy this."
,Recommended,306130,16650962,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,HasagiNibba,Hella
,Recommended,306130,23717487,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mr. Transactions :yazdguy:,equity
,Recommended,306130,31091500,Posted: 11 April,all,Guccimus Mane LaFlaritus III,"Quit being a ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ and just buy it. For $9 you gets hours of content, and bringing a friend along makes it an amazing experience."
76561198038768920,Not Recommended,306130,33386143,Posted: 8 July,all,Xray,"doesnt even let me download it, crashes every time i try"
76561198122572749,Not Recommended,306130,33751829,Posted: 23 July,all,Ásllat,"A mediocre game for a high sum of money.1. The quests were largely uninterestning, and at some times even tedious to do. They do not live up to the standard of the Elder Scrolls series, and they felt very repetetive; go here, destroy this, go there, kill that, and free these people.There were many points at which a handful of characters all wanted to sacrifice themselves for a certain goal, where the player has to choose who is to live, and who is to die, which is a rather pointless implement when all the characters feel the same. It is as if the game is trying to tug at the heartstrings of the player, but this  does not work too well whenthe characters feel bland.2. Levels and quest levels are balanced, as of now. I find this to be an odd design choice, as i find it much better to come back to a point one could not complete earlier, and go through a quest with ease after level grinding, and aquiring better gear. Even leveled fights can be quite tough, especially if one tackles them alone, and, in my opinion, one should be able to play solo in an online game. After all, it is an Elder Scrolls game, and this is a series ripe with lore; many might buy it purely for this reason, and not the multiplayer.3. With the amount of errors I have had with this game, I might as well dub it the Error Scrolls Online, for I am certain that I have had every code in the book at this point.In all, I found the game rather disappointing; mostly due to the uninterestning quests. I have finished the game, and it felt like a chore, though I will admit that i liked the questing in Valenwood, as the bosmer culture is quite interestning, and has a lot of quest and story potential.Of course, the game was largely visually pleasing, though i would not say that this compensates for the game's lack of strength storywise.In short, it was not worth the 500 NOK that I paid for the game."
,Recommended,306130,17750848,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Thurmanator,"> Named myself ProDota> Went on an epic adventure> scammed people for vampire bites> Bought a horse> Made a guild> Made guild members pay me $2,000 each> became richest person around> Then I came home and played The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited11/10 Worst flight Sim I've ever playedLegit IGN review"
76561198070776237,Not Recommended,306130,34617233,Posted: 30 August,all,chi,"Installation process is completely f***ed up and requires twice the space originally announced (160GB). Workarounds are complicated and not guaranteed to work, plus they require an ability to juggle 65GB locally."
,Not Recommended,306130,18016665,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,JaKa semtime,a vei.. nao fico legal..os graficos cairam muito.. e nada ver com skyrim.. eh tudo pior... ta mais pra um lineage2 e alem de ser pago.. ainda tem p2w
,Not Recommended,306130,17890517,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Cellus,"Game doesn't run, but because I spent time in the launcher troubleshooting as the game devs and community managers told me, steam won't give a refund. First game I have ever tried to return in my entire life and steam will not do it. Lesson learnt: don't troubleshoot games. Abuse the refund policy whenever possible. Don't buy from steam otherwise. Damn thieves."
,Not Recommended,306130,15927747,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,The Suspecting Porpoise,"Great Game and I love playing it.The reason i am giving this game a bad review is the lack of respect they have for there customers, now that the game has  no subscription required (which i agree with) It has these little things called crowns, crowns are a premium currency that allows you to buy premium pets and mounts and other things like that, now you can still p2p if you want you get a 10exp boost and 1500 crowns a month and any new dlc coming out, but if you were one of the people that payed to play before they made it free to play with no subscription THEY GIVE YOU NOTHING and its ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they gave you 100 crowns for every month you payed and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little pet that i dont even ♥♥♥♥ing want instead of just not being cheap and giving you what you ♥♥♥♥ing payed for in earlier months, the people that played this game before the no sub required got nothing out of this they kinda just gave you a pat on the back and said ""thanks for the free money you ♥♥♥♥ing idiot""  im very unsatisfied and i hope someone from zenimax reads this and feels bad those money loving ♥♥♥♥ faces"
,Not Recommended,306130,17257821,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,AdmiralKiwi,"Just bought the game, and I have to warn everyone. This game downloads an initial 60gbs, which is advertised, and an additional 40Gbs after it installs.It does NOT come with one month subscription, which you would think they would give you for making you pay and making you pay to play.Additionally, if you want a refund, you cannot get one. This is because the game uses its own installer after being installed which counts towards your game time. It takes about 4 hours on a good internet connection to download.All around, my game experience hasnt even started and I am 100% dissappointed. I feel that the loyalty I have had to bethesda since the beginning has been met with insatiable greed.As a result, I do not recommend this game."
76561198215697355,Not Recommended,306130,20466841,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,EmaSan,why?! T^T
76561198078708139,Not Recommended,306130,24107906,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nero,"-Warning-Do NOT buy this game if you :+ want a optimized and polished game without any major bugs+ want a game with active/useful customer support (not joking guys)+ want a skyrim with coop (its not)+ want a company that actually knows what its doing+ have a very slow or capped internet connection+ do not have the patience to wait for hours and repair the downloaded files even before playing+ want to get a refundNow with the 2nd Edition Review!(you can find the old, edited review at the bottom)-So, what is (T)ESO?-(T)ESO is a MMO based on the Elder Scrolls Series.You can find all the gods, races and the ""whole"" Tamriel along the lines which gives it a slight touch of Skyrim (or any other elder scrolls game) feeling.There are lots of quests and even more places to explore in the huge world of Tamriel but a lot of the sidequests are very repetitive and get boring very fast.Sadly, its not more than a generic MMO with Skyrim coat and Elderscrolls story.-The game and its gods-(Molag Bal is the smallest threat)-The games is full of bugs, even the launcher can break your neck if you dont know what to do against some of the meanest error codes (while support takes literally ages)-Gameplay & Graphics-Its just like any generic MMO with a skyrim cloak on, the only difference so far is that you can only use 5 abilities + one ultimate at a timeThe only graphical improvement i've seen so far affected some of the races, the rest of the world seems a bit worse than Skyrim (both on highest settings)Not gonna lie, some of the races look really great now, especially Khajiit.-DLC's and new content-After you have bought the game for the price of a farily new AAA game (imperial edition costs even more) you get a nice and greedy slap in the face:New content such as the only(!) dedicated pvp map and other stuff like the thiefs guild, dark brotherhood and more come as DLC's.While all the DLC's can be played for free as ESO Plus member(monthly subscription), you can also buy them through the ingame-crown shop at a price of 2000 crowns (dark brotherhood)(thats about 15 euros for one DLC and the others cost even more)I wouldn't care if it was just bonus stuff, but the only way to get the new abilities, more land to explore and new high power gear is to buy those DLC's (massive paywalls)-Things that haven't been said already-- Dev's cant balance the game properly (some classes are extremely op)- Even the launcher has more bugs and error codes than 70% of the ""alpha access"" games out on steam- Only 2 megaservers (NA and EU) with massive lags at peak times but maintenance every week (up to 10 hour maintenance)-So, what is (T)ESO?-I dont have a clue because after downloading 56gigs through steam, you have to download a huge amount of patches through the launcher itself.I even had to repair it 2 times before being able to start once (a lot of corrupted data) and now the servers are down.-The game and its gods-(molag bal is the smallest threat)-Its more of a gamble if you get a working game or not, some patches break the game for a lot of community members and all the support replys is ""we cant help you, we have something else to do, good luck"".Some of the beta bugs are still around and may devour your entire bank, corrupt your files or steal your entire hard earned gold, while zenimax wants to be funny and randomly bans people without any response why. But dont worry, if you rant in the forums you can have your account back (after another week or two, again without any response why it was banned)A small tip: the launcher counts as hours played, by the time you have finally installed it you already ""played"" over 11 hours (can vary from connection to connection, i have a slow one with 600KB/s on the launcher)-Gameplay (forum based by now)-Its just like any generic MMO with a skyrim cloak on.The only graphical improvement i've seen so far where the claws of the khajiit (finally)-DLC's and new content-After you have bought the game for the price of a farily new AAA game (at least the imperial edition), you get a nice and greedy slap in the face:New content such as the only(!) dedicated pvp map and other stuff like thiefs guild, dark brotherhood and more come as DLC's.While all the DLC's can be played for free as ESO Plus member(monthly subscription), you can also buy them through the ingame-crown shop at a price of 2000 crowns (dark brotherhood)(thats about 15 euros for one DLC and the rest costs more)I wouldn't care if it was just bonus stuff, but the only way to get the new abilities, more land to explore and new high power gear is to buy those DLC's (massive paywalls)-Things that haven't been said already-- Dev's cant balance the game (some classes are extremely op)- Even the launcher has more bugs and error codes than 90% of the ""very early alpha access"" games out on steam- Only 2 megaservers (NA and EU) with massive lags at peak times but maintenance every week (long maintenance)"
,Not Recommended,306130,23474464,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,odiCicaDaOpljune,Login problems big time. Just bought this few days ago and when I try to log in it says account info is not correct. Yet when I go to check account and enter the exact same info it opens the account. WTF﻿
76561197990902037,Not Recommended,306130,24016343,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mystery,"The game itself is great, large environments, interesting quests and interactions, well thought out and fairly customizable class progressions. Unfortunately, I've not been able to play for more than 10 minutes at a time, as I continually am kicked back to the login screen during play. No errors or failures are reported, and no other game exhibits this behavior, but thus far support has not been forthcoming. Hopefully this issue will be resolved soon, because I honestly want to play the game, if only the game's netcode would let me."
76561198069106120,Recommended,306130,18829765,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,HuskyXXII,"Amazing game, love it!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198073356188,Not Recommended,306130,21808699,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,MarkedMan,"Downloaded, created a login and a password, no email confirmation. Best $30.00 I've ever spent. :P"
,Not Recommended,306130,22301046,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Azro,"Terrible. Bethesda, why? it doesn't even work! I try to get in, but I sit on the launch screen for HOURS! I can't even create/log into an account!"
,Not Recommended,306130,22482363,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Deathfather,"PVE: Like leveling up and getting stronger just to find the enemies do with you in all the new DLC zones!? Then this is the game for you! Your level and stats are constantly being adjusted by their scaling system, which means your stats dont matter. This is a complete development cop out. They should remove levels entirely and just make everyone the same strength because thats pretty much what they do right!? Also they promised the game would never go free to play in a public statement after the games initial release and of course that was a lie too. This game is complete and utter trash for those reasons above. This game is designed for casual gamers and was ruined for the hardcore gamers like myself. I know it says I only have 120 hours on steam, but I have put over 1000 hours into this game since launch easily. The level of disgust I have for Bethesda after this embarassment of a game, now prevents me from ever purchasing another one of their titles.PVP: Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥scaling system that is designed to allow baddie casual players to do damage to godly hardcore players. Pretty much the ♥♥♥♥♥iest pvp system I have seen in my entire life. Its like call of duty elder scrolls style. This is all I have to say about the pvp system."
76561198264966144,Not Recommended,306130,29285411,Posted: 15 January,all,skyguydrew,"I got this game on a sale, and it worked only for 2 days. It never loads after that. I want a refund."
76561198075003875,Not Recommended,306130,22750630,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,McGregor932,"this game is such a disapointment, the story line sucks big time, the game play is okay but its nothing special. The thing that annoys me most about this game most though is that it is so far from any other elder scrolls game, so many of the things that made the elder scrolls what it is are missing, there are no permenant followers, enchanting isnt the same, it involves runes and armour can be enchanted away from enchanting tables, magic is a special ability and not a primary weapon (unless using a staff), character animations seem, well more animated and less realistic and the spectacular vissuals of skyrim are totally absent. The ability to paint armour was nice but doesnt really add anything."
76561198040724735,Not Recommended,306130,21046583,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,emaughan,"Perhaps this it is just that I do not like MMOs. Maybe it is because Skyrim, Oblivion, Morowind were such well done games in comparison. The world in ESO is big, ya, but it feels crowded (MMO). So instead of having an imersive experience all to yourself, you go from one local area crowded with dorks who name their PC Godzilla to the next area where mobs of players are bouncing, hopping and doing all sorts of crazy. The gaphics are a step down from Skyrim and I did not enjoy the new atmosphere.Like I said, it might just be MMOs - this is one of my first - just are not my thing. Here is hoping though that Bethsada will relise that their strength lies in creating worlds in which we can explore at our lessure without running to Godzilla, or Fluffybunny14."
76561198045748303,Not Recommended,306130,21257350,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Septhexpenquatriduomon,"I do not recommend this game because I don't like it. I am sick and tired of this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥on so many levels. More than 2/3 maybe even approaching 3/4 of my playtime has been spent installing this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I hated this game before I played it for god's sake.Besides that, the actual game is okay. But I can not bring myself to recommend this game. All I'm gonna say is that you may damn well enjoy the ♥♥♥♥ out of it, because it's alright. When it actually works.Thank you."
76561198181300207,Not Recommended,306130,24775508,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,TheNerdProject,"at first, yes! brilliant game, combat a little lack luster and lockpicking wayyy too simple, until i lost access to my account last night, servers went down, and when they returned back online apparently all my login credentials were wrong, so reset my password a number of times, still wrong, ive placed 2 tickets to support and still awaiting a response other then an automated reply, the customer support/service for this game is terrible, so atm im paying a monthly membership which i cant cancel let alone access"
76561198065242846,Not Recommended,306130,24811479,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,liggi,"While the world is vast to explore, it is lackluster in excitement. You may find a sidequest to add to your journal, maybe you will celebrate this in terms of lore, but unless you are majorly invested in ESO's lore, you will consider it to be boring. The combat, and I realize that low level combat is always fairly easy, but here, it is completely unworthy to be called challenging. Whereas Guild Wars 2 or Black Desert require dodging, I have yet to meet an enemy whose attacks cannot be avoided by stepping aside, or who even manages to reach me before getting killed. The crafting system is fairly innovative, but by no means could it become a driving motivation to be part of the game as economy, at least not from my point of view.Maybe I haven't given it enough time, but waiting for the endgame to not be completely bored out of your mind is simply exhausting."
76561198030156753,Not Recommended,306130,25808272,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,The Parting Glass,"+Looks and sounds very pretty.+A few deviations from standard ""mmorpg"" poodoo.-Very much the standard holy-trinity themeparked one'ish-viable-build/armor set/ability rotation-per-role heavily-scripted-boss-fights mindless crap.-Most peeps I came across consider it to be very ""story/lore poor.""-As for the devs and publisher: the standard f2p-harpoon-an-addict/whale-screw-your-subscribers-and-we-don't-care-about-quality-(launch-a-paid-alpha-)or-our-gamers-lives type of experience.-Seems to be still struggling with most of the technical glitches and account issues prevalent at launch two years ago--just patched up a little bit.-The only mmo I've had major lag issues with.+Looks and sounds damn pretty at certain settings (not the highest in my case), or did I already say that?All in all: the kind of game/business model that gamers are increasingly sick of.Makes me wish I could block publishers and/or devs from 'discovery queue.'"
,Not Recommended,306130,26053722,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,azerisii,"On paper I should have loved this game.Something just refused to connect, and I couldn't really figure out what or why.Turns out it wasn't one something, it was many somethings.  As an MMO this game doesn't work as well as it could or should.It is getting better.  The One Tamriel update was a step in the right direction.But the combat is still awful.Just.Awful.Also Storm Atronachs.  Try killing one as a sorcerer.  I get that you're meant to try and fight them with other people but seriously try getting a group.  I'm not even talking about the veteran ones, I'm talking about the ones from the main story campaign where you're trying to help a certain mage do a certain thing in a certain place then BAM.  Storm Atronachs.  Urgh."
,Not Recommended,306130,26756123,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,moonstrobes,if i pay for something i expect it to work. what the hell is this crap.. scuffed game
76561198052261739,Not Recommended,306130,28213503,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ITrollBecauseICan,"Do not purchase or support this company. They are scaming people with this method of banning accounts for mundane speech infractions which then a person is more likely to buy another copy of this game.Thier MoD's are Nazi-Gestapo's who ban anyone with any type of opinion about anything.They are a joke, fraud and should be reported to the FCC and Better Buisness Bureau and any other oversight.Thier game is trash, they instead of fixing problems with the game , they are more worried about making ingame cash items to purchase for ridiculous amounts of money.This game is designed to manipulate you into thier cash shop by limiting game content and features that you then have to pay for that normally should come with a game.Thats my review, this game is a floating turd."
76561198042426039,Not Recommended,306130,29770633,Posted: 7 February,all,Capt Ownage,"Homestead patch has made game unplayable. ESO Launcher is gone. Reinstalled several times. Says preparing to install, then nothing. Fix or refund. Thumbs down till issue fixed."
,Not Recommended,306130,29912372,Posted: 13 February,all,CHAD KENSINGTON,MEH. NEVER GOT INTO IT. A LOT MORE POLISHED THAN I EXPECTED. BUT YOU CAN ONLY SHINE A TURD FOR SO LONG BEFORE YOUR RUBBING A ♥♥♥♥♥TAINED RAG IN THE TOILET.
76561198049751234,Not Recommended,306130,28763984,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Solyndros,"This game was tremendously disappointing. I love the elder scrolls, after Zelda it's probably my favorite video game series. I haven't played enough of this game to give a very detailed review but I've played enough to give my opinion. The game doesn't know if it wants to be multiplayer or singleplayer so it fails at both. If you're playing alone the gamplay and controls are crap when compared to Skyrim. So just play Skyrim instead. When playing with a friend none of the quests are completed in paralel with your group member so you each have to do the same stuff as if you're not in a group at all making any multiplayer pointless!To be fair I haven't picked this game up in a while. It may have been patched to be better by now but I doubt it.I give this game a 4/10. It's honestly not bad but everything it tries to do falls just short of being good. It's in that limbo where you know you've got good potential in front of you but it's all just too boring!*At the time of this review I only have 9 hours logged on steam but I played this game for longer than that. I initially purchased this game separate from steam and when it became available here I repurchased it and gave it a second chance (that's stupid I know. But I don't care.)"
76561198140650608,Not Recommended,306130,28166830,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,SuccorBenoth,microtrans
,Not Recommended,306130,28099376,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Tasty Tuna For Fortuna,"This one thinks that the game is bad beacause of:Slow unresponsive combat, boring PvE, bad graphics and lack of memorable characters.This one wants a refund, but he is denied by Volvo :("
76561198173254101,Not Recommended,306130,30203128,Posted: 26 February,all,ThescatesWay[    ],"The account you have to make at the start is too clustered,be carefull when buying this,dont get overwhelmed by the whole multiplayer thing,there are issues."
76561198067603547,Not Recommended,306130,33362903,Posted: 7 July,all,Jang Min,"Became a loading and disconnect simulator, sometimes barely playable.Sucked that DLC's are expensive.regretted buying this game"
76561198119167584,Not Recommended,306130,34799730,Posted: 7 September,all,vidalmarb,"This game feels like a scam and steam support nvr helped, i never received a game key so i cant activate my ESO account so i cant play. and steam doesnt launch the game either so i have to manually force it to start then i keep getting error cant connect to steam so this game is a nightmare and doesnt work..."
76561198056092214,Not Recommended,306130,24394178,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Simon Lee Zombie,"This game could be good, but for me it was plagued with customer support issues. I suppose if you have no isses requiring customer support then you will have fun, but once you need to contact these people expect a lot of frustration. Passwords are lost, reset, hacked or whatever. Your account becomes suddenly unusable. Customer support directs you to pages of inaccessible FAQs to answer your questions. It is a nightmare.The game itself is fun but ultimately becomes a lot of the same ol' same ol' over and over again. Grinding, grinding, grinding. The story isn't interesting, characters are boring, etc. I had no problem clicking on ""uninstall"" after the last round of bad customer service."
,Not Recommended,306130,32587798,Posted: 20 June,all,Turan,"I wanted to like this game. Purchased 3x 5500 crowns and 6 months of eso+. But ingame store limited time sales just makes you spend more. Even if you have money, the fact that game forces you to buy stuff because they are only available for a few days is a big turn off. It gives you trouble and stress instead of making you enjoy the game. The stuff in ingame stores should be permanent."
,Not Recommended,306130,34487151,Posted: 25 August,all,Dustijs`,"running simulator , dont waste your money, no action♥♥♥♥♥♥game ♥♥♥♥ it where is my refund"
,Not Recommended,306130,13412360,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Careful Weed,Well. The game is great. I don't like mmos much and dont get the tons of critics on that account. Its gorgeus. Players are friendly. Quests are way better than in many games. You can grab all you see around just like in Skyrim. Hell I was foraging on the Stross M'Kay coast for like twenty minutes harvesting ore and wood and alchemical ingredients...runes. Couldn't stop ))). Combat I find interesting and chalenging. Haven't seen PvP yet. Actualy saw it in beta - i think it was pretty crowded and way too fast. Those castles were switching masters like every 15-20 minutes. Beta btw was pretty finished back than but I did recognized lot of good changes. Found only one minor bug for 10 hours.Lot of critisism on the title but who the hell cares. Its good beyond what they say. The problem is that many people for 15$ a month would want they personal dream come true.UPGRADE) Got bored in a week.
,Not Recommended,306130,31147350,Posted: 14 April,all,Gormander,WOULD NOT GET WITH LOGITECH MOUSE!!!!The mouse accelleration goes nuts whenever you turn making the game impossible to play. This has been a problem for 3 years now and they still havent fixed it. It is a fun game but unplayable and the devs are trying to fix it. Very unimpressed on how they have ignored this problem for so long!
76561198096574245,Recommended,306130,34462284,Posted: 24 August,all,猫霸,虽然是过了几年的游戏，但是依然有味道唯一差评就是没有中文！我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Not Recommended,306130,16195357,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Bloo,"The combat is not very smooth... You can hit people from miles away which takes away half the experience, and it isnt very fun when you just either hold down block or always use huge hit moves. It will also sometimes delay your keys in combat. Then there is the crown store... The crown store doesn't increase gameplay as you can find better items in-game. It is mainly used to ""pimp"" out your character. I just hate when someone goes on by with a horse that is a fortune to buy and you feel as if your poor. Then there will be people who come up and one hit the monster you are fighting because they are a higher level than you. The game needs to balanced a bit more, but I only really bought it for the storyline. The storyline intrigued me and is your ordinary skyrim storyline. Otherwise this game should be more balanced..."
76561198161007162,Not Recommended,306130,17864811,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Ticoco,I bought this game but it keeps crashing ZoCrashReporter it crashes on my mac i watched lots of videos and i saw it crashes for lots of people
76561198152050205,Not Recommended,306130,19322244,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,davidbroom21,I lost my qustion an I get this login error I am going to remove this game an not go to play it give me problems all ready.I tried to use the random code not working I can not even login an play the dam game. the password on its not working.
76561198042558697,Not Recommended,306130,20621559,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,CongenialVirus,"This is a painfully avrage MMORPG. Even as a player with a passing intrest in the ESO lore and universe, this game just couldn't hold my intrest. All quests are voiced, which is a nice touch, but the glaring issue is that most players are going to click accept and subsuqently click the reward button while ignoring the details in between. As is custom with MMOs.Which brings me to another glaring design flaw. There are 3 areas. After you reach level 50, you move on to the next area in the cycle. And when you veteran rank in that area, you move on to the third and final. When you grind out that last area. You get to grind all over again in the first zone you started in. It's painfully bland. Sure the exp, loot, and mobs will be higher tiered. But it is literally only grind at that point. There are no new skills an abilitys to look forward to. As once you reach 50 and grind out vet ranks, your rewards consist of passive points and crafting points. Grinding isn't all bad... But it isn't good either.The crafting system however is EXCELENT. And addictive. It gives every bit of gear use and incentivises research of traits and point investment in your crafting trees. However after the newness wears dry, even crafting is fairly repetitive and mundane. Between the lack of classes, the lack of MEANINGFUL class diversity within classes, and the small number of skills that can be slotted at any one time. ESO give an impression of an MMO with training wheels WELDED on to the side of your motorcycle.PVP is also poorly implemented. For some reason instead of scaling everyone to max level and stats... Your base stats only are leveled. Which means you grind the pve to have even a fair chance and PVP. Not that the pvp is ANYTHING BUT +600 ping groups of +60 players swarming any rival PC. The siege aspect is a joke. It's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome to tear down the doors of a rival keep while your other squad mates fend off enemies while you shoot your siege equipment. But keep defense is utterly broken. It is actaually more efficent to lose a keep and push a different one. Instead of defending it. And only a few trebuchets and balistas are usefull siege equipment. The rest could be useful if the game had better design.In pve the loot drops blow. As the good buddy Zenimax wants you to buy from the cash shop. Gold is hard to find as loot, and most of your income comes from vendoring garbage, and stuggeling to decide to break down gear or vendor it. The auction house is also broken. There isn't a global trader. Instead guilds compete to own store fronts for 7 days, at ludicrious prices in bidding wars. Leading to cancerous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing in zone chat about price abuse, which may or may not be warranted. And it's almost worthless to even sell things to other players as they can just run a duengon a time or two to get a peer quality drop. Else they will consult their economey mods and demand a price that undercuts the actual value of the item. Especially for mats.I wanted this game to be good. But for a ""free to play"" mmo. It's entirely cancerous. Might have a better community on console, but I doubt it. On PC everybody seems stuck at the age of puberty, and it dosen't work as an MMO.... As a quasi single player experince it isn't too bad. But that's not what the game tries to be. Zenimax is a bad company that produced a garbage product. Even the DLC is bad. You have to be end game vet rank to play an of it. Which means more grinding, to grind some more. Go play WoW before the MMO genere dies of the malignant tumors that have plauged it for the last 8 years or so."
,Not Recommended,306130,22554104,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,AGGRO,"I have tried a couple characters on this but i just can't get into it. the story is not as good as previous ES games. PvP and group dungeons are a joke. Since playing morrowind for the first time, i always thought ""oh man, this would be awesome playing with other people!""Yet somehow, its just not. sure you can ride a bear but you can't ride it into battle. so 4/10"
76561198086851154,Not Recommended,306130,17272767,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,cum is just boneless children,this is a rip off! you cannot use steam refund if you have more than 2 hours played i havent PLAYED at all ive been dowloading the game for 14 hours and got 8 hours played. now i cant refund it. Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and a ripoff now im stuck not being able to get my money back.
76561198062358264,Not Recommended,306130,20204657,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ChillNinja,"Save your money.  I put in about 10 hours and it is just not the same TES games we are use to.  Or, waste your money, put in 10 hours, and post a bad review."
76561198121400303,Not Recommended,306130,22553912,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,shadowhawke2,its really a let down. people say pvp is good but you can hardly see any players and not much people play this game
,Not Recommended,306130,23943542,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,shirleyuri,"Can't play it until now. Each time I tried to login, I'm always getting this""Your login information was incorrect"" message.Purposely changed my password and yet it's still saying it's the wrong information when it's not. Then i tried to complain in ESO forum, but i can't make it because it says that my id/passw is incorrect. While there's no problem when i tried to login to ESO website (non forum). Dunno if i would recommend this game or not.."
76561197961314175,Not Recommended,306130,21973703,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Hurla,"I enjoy the game, sometimes. There are a few things that are so bad, that makes you think ""is this a bug?""- The NPCs leave fights in the middle and recover 100% of their health. This happens to me A LOT, where I'm fighting an NPC and it decides to reset. It runs back to it's ""spawn position"" and ignores all damage I send to it until it gets there.- Sneaking is broken (understatement). As soon as you fire something (like an arrow) it punts you out of sneak mode. Even if you are in the pitch black and you try to hide, it's pretty impossible. Also, the advantages of sneaking on previous elder scrolls are pretty much gone on this one.- The levels are shared with other players. Today I was fighing this NPC and as I was about to kill it, some random player comes in and kills it. I understand the MMO part of it, but I feel like some parts of the game should be solo+party ONLY (*cough* Destiny *cough*).- An artifact of the previous point: If you are fighting through something (like a cave) and you have to go back, tough luck because ALL the NPCs respawned. Actually, they will respawn even if you are exactly on their spawn point.- The game drops a lot. I noticed this went all of a sudden I could not run, or open doors, or pick up objects. After a while trying to figure out what was happening, I got punted from the game as asked for my login again. This is specially bad during missions, you need to do it all over again.- Something I always found awesome in the TES games was that most things in the world are interactable. This game is the opposite. You cant interact with most things. For example, book cases, even though i can see they have things on them, the interaction is the same as opening a book. Silver goblets and other items of such, are not interactable.- Most of the missions need to be done in one way only. So if I want to take the violent route, sometimes the game prevents me from attacking NPCs.- Overal unpolished, unimpressive. The graphics are from oblivion era and everything looks a little clunky. The menus, the stories, the interaction..."
76561198072643415,Not Recommended,306130,24192409,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Awesomologist,"Full disclosure, I've played close to 5 hours of this game and it's been nothing but frustration. There's the core complaints that it feels nothing like an Elder Scrolls game. It's just another knock off MMO with an Elder Scrolls skin. You can read through a long list of negative reviews to get this info so I'll end my rehashing of that.Instead let me tell you what my first few hours were like. First off I got the Imperial Edition of the game. NOT WORTH THE EXTRA $10. All you get is a horse. The Imperial Race does nothing special. You get a wedding ring thing you can give to a friend and grants a bonus XP, but it's barely noticeable. You can reskin an item to look ""Imperial"" but it's just as likely to destroy your item. More on that later.So I decide to play a ""Nightblade"" because I normally like to play sneaky rogues, However all three of their skill trees are basically Warlock-like caster skills. Also most MMO's tend to give quest rewards that line up with your class, ESO doesn't do that. The only quest rewards I ever got were staves outside of a ring, heavy armor chest piece and legs, and a great sword. That's it, just staves everywhere. Also good luck finding a bow. So fine whatever I decide to don the heavy armor stuff. At first I thought it was affecting my sneaking ability, but it turns out SNEAKING DOES NOTHING in this game. Sure you can steal stuff, and try not to get caught, but the only lootable things are food crafting materials and drinks. I maybe found some base level ore but honestly I don't recall. If you're in a dungeon and sneak, all it does is drain your stamina. Enemies can still spot you and other players are just jumping around you anyways so that was pointless.Skills and combat were boring, but that's not new, most MMO's suffer from boring combat. Worse still is the crafting which has a convoluted interface. If you try to upgrade an item, you're going to lose your item. If you research something, you lose the item. As a ""bonus"" for purchasing the Imperial Edition you can change items to look imperial. I finally got around to crafting a sword and dagger so that I could dual wield (remember the game only offers staves as quest rewards apparently). I enchanted my sword and when I converted the sword to imperial it disappeared. So at level 9 I no longer had any crafting materials, next to no gold, and only a dagger. Anything of value I had was destroyed trying to improve it.So yeah that was it for me. The first few hours have been such a bad experience for me that I just don't care to play this game anymore. Worst of all, because I played more than 2 hours I can't get a refund from Steam.This game sucks. Go play a real Elder Scrolls game if you need your fix."
76561198070363629,Not Recommended,306130,17678089,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Taufiq86,"Paid Singapore dollars 55 for this game. And♥♥♥♥♥♥I cant even login. Keeps saying my information was incorrect. To prove that I type in the right usedID and password, I tried on the browser and it worked! but not the game. Such a disappoinment."
76561198058327978,Not Recommended,306130,19299053,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,jhonysau,"The game crashes, they launcher doesn't work, the game is not running for everyone of my friends and i, and the zenimax support to solve the problems is POOR! Every new update its a bad surprise! Worst way to spare your coin!"
76561198047181844,Not Recommended,306130,23964433,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,garywkerr,"Holy Cow!!!  8.5 hour download on a fast server, Then another 4 hours downloading update after update after update, after update, after update,etc.  Why should you have more than 1 update on a NEW download from company website.  Two days worth of waiting, and oops...my fairly new laptop cant meet graphic requirements for directx.BUMMER, cause I love Skyrim.Many thanks to steam for refunding my money immediatly."
76561198093578268,Not Recommended,306130,19374222,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,A Slightly less aggressive duck,"I Have just purchased this game, now i cannot log in. therefor i cannot play. I Have changed my passwords multiple times and written them down aswell. How can i fix this?"
,Not Recommended,306130,20340308,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Psyched Seal,Bought the game and now I have to buy dlc? Okay.
76561198197552203,Not Recommended,306130,21598450,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,terra.norte.ecs,"Do not buy STEAM VERSION! Get it ANYwhere else. ""You do not qualify for this product."" you will not be able to buy crowns in game if you have steam unless the DOUBLE 3rd party workaround encoding WORKS.....a greyed out ""you do not qualify for this product"" will make you have salty tears of frustration."
76561198071220233,Not Recommended,306130,22321039,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,drune61,"soooo i just bought the game, got it downloaded, super exited. i go to play it and it says make an account, so cool i make an account. i then put in my CORRECT account information and hit login. I then get the message ""login error, incorrect login information given"". I then spell it in every way possible and still no result. I then made another account thinking maybe i messed up when creating it the first time. same result... i really want this game but if I cant even play it i want my money back."
,Not Recommended,306130,32605197,Posted: 20 June,all,TappySapJr,"So after playing for about 11 hours total and enjoying every second, I finally recieved a crash report from the launcher. After going through all the steps recommended to remedy the situation, I still got the error message and an undeleteable game folder. So, to put it bluntly, I can't play the game anymore."
76561198080830860,Not Recommended,306130,21173744,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,MadeInHaifa,"GAME DOES NOT RUN. gives me an error after multiples reinstallations. ""the application was unable to start correctly (0xc00007b)"". Even upgraded windows and downloaded multiple .dll redists. Support wont respond to any emails, junk...."
,Not Recommended,306130,33754092,Posted: 23 July,all,WhyTheLittleGuy?,Payed 60 dollars and waited 12 hours to install a game that doesn't even open. How does something like this even happen?
76561198064054556,Not Recommended,306130,16986822,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,smitty78749,"it's alright, its good enough... (how ever i can't put a review on their forums because???? i dont have pass?)this is what it needs.- more distiguishable talents, and skills, and abilities- faster leveling faster progression!(i find my self becomming board and playing something else)Really needs more talets and skills(not talking about profesions) Leveling is neccisary but boring.also needs to drop classes and do what morrwind did, pick a constilation and that constilation will have a tech tree with small buffs along each line."
76561198200858918,Not Recommended,306130,32483782,Posted: 16 June,all,kennethachambers,"Good luck getting this game to install correctly, let alone actually load and allow you to play.  Honestly i can't post a true review of the game because I can't even play the damned thing. 24 hours installing this game twice. So much time wasted. Spend your money elsewhere."
76561198205303516,Recommended,306130,31117710,Posted: 13 April,all,Forever alone guy,why why I bough it with 30$
76561198020429630,Not Recommended,306130,34503904,Posted: 26 August,all,35sm,No problem with the game itself.The problem is Bethesda. Bunch of fa*s instead of developers.
,Not Recommended,306130,22075734,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Efminus,"Good: Elder Scrolls.. onlineBad: Graphics, Map markers that dont work, vague quest discriptions, terrible graphics, NPC's that dont move, absolutly no physics in the game, Very static, Takes FOREVER to level unless you pay to win."
76561198301273229,Not Recommended,306130,34798853,Posted: 7 September,all,Lexicon,"Maybe if I was actually able to play this game, I would give a good review. Instead, I've owned the game for two weeks and have been unable to play it because it has apparently been so badly made, at least, for Steam. Steam wants me to install when it's already installed, so I have to sift through ten files until I get to a launher I can actually use, and then I'm given no way to link steam accounts to actually play once the game is up and running. I've searched for days now online, finding many people with my problems but no solutions that make the game able to be played for myself. I bought this game on sale for $10 and I feel so incredibly cheated on that ten. I would be beyond♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if I had paid full price for this trash."
,Not Recommended,306130,34395328,Posted: 21 August,all,Sivalen,"Pros:An okay single-player game if you don't mind missing content due to lack of groups.Fun and varied character builds.Cons:Maintenance times for US and EU servers are the same, which means whereas US servers have maintenance done in the very early morning, those on EU servers are not able to play the game for half the day.Very hard to find people who want to do group bosses. While asking players near the bosses, nobody even responded. Community seems dead.Have to be in a guild to sell loot at a decent value.Most of the cool stuff is behind paywalls and doesn't even have an option to grind for."
76561198146865585,Not Recommended,306130,31682364,Posted: 11 May,all,GHOST50K,it was like Wow
76561198052145778,Not Recommended,306130,31145418,Posted: 14 April,all,Eclipse,"i have it on my steam library as you can see, i bought the gameit aint worth it"
76561198326371666,Recommended,306130,31071422,Posted: 10 April,all,Exello,I am in love with this game. I'm ♥♥♥♥ing hard at all times playing this game.
,Recommended,306130,34687547,Posted: 2 September,all,dayzer0,I'd rather play WoW but it's still a good game
76561198018620940,Not Recommended,306130,16498729,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,munrot07,"IMPORTANT: This is a review of the launcher and support system, not the game itself.Bought the game, installed it (after hours) and created and activated an account. Couldn't log in. Just wouldn't work, kept saying my information was invalid (I checked so many times it wasn't, I reset my password, made a second account, nothing worked). I then followed the online support and none of that worked. So I sent an email to them saying I had tried all the support available and gave them a copy of a consultant report. Got a reply with a copy and paste of the original support I had read and nothing else. It was clear they hadn't even bothered opening the report. Very angry."
76561198255805493,Recommended,306130,24719650,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Hank Hell,+ Looks pretty+ Interesting side quests+ Large world+ Good community+ lots of custimization- Boring combat- Boring start- Some bad performance for me in towns
,Recommended,306130,24611775,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,[FB] Frosty,"Pros:1) Can be exciting at times2) Features characters such as molag bal from previous games3) Art design is good4) Very nice soundtrack5) Good customer support6) The story can be exciting at timesCons:1) Doesnt feel much like skyrim the weapons look different the looks of the regions look a bit different to what other skyrim games looked like2) Dialogue (sorry if i spelt that wrong) Not many choices in dialogue forcing you to either say yes or no or something like that3) Most missions are just go in a cave or in a area and clear it out which isnt what skyrim should be about its about having freedom to do whatever you want like joining the mages and exploring a cave and learning about its past or secrets or joining the dark brotherhood and getting assassinations whilst learning about the people there and working together to assassinate some high profile target4) Trailer is misleading please watch a youtube video and realise its a MMO game5) Limitation like a few games such as SWTOR you have to pay but paying for SWTOR in my opinion was much easier since i love star wars and it is a good game in my opinion and many others but i love skyrim too but considering its price for the game quality i cant bring myself to do it so i dont reccomend paying for Skyrim although it gets you many advantages i dont think its worth it and is just a pay to win6) Players i feel the other players arent too focused on meeting and playing together which i thought was going to be the point of skyrim online and im sure many others thought that too. I expected elder scrolls online to encourage rp with other players and make the game so you can make friends and work together to complete missions. (Maybe make it a option to work as a group at the start of the game?)7) And last one ofc the loot sucks if i steal something from a chest or basket i always get something useless as a potato i think that needs changing but rubies or swords around the place increase stealable props such as bowls and cups i feel the game is a bit boring without them to see what you can steal and how much a golden goblet is, it would add to the playstyle and maybe add passive animals that run from you loads of passive animals so i can be a dammn hunter!Overall: Im not a proffesional at this game im just putting my word out there no clue why i wasted 10 minutes on this but have a good day!Overall: 7/10 Mixed feelings doesnt feel like skyrim but you should try it and see wheter you like itEdit:  I Know Its ♥♥♥♥ing Skyrim! a lot of people that dont play the game 24/7 call it skyrim onlineits a lot shorter than Elder Scrolls Online Tamriel Unlimited if ur gonna be a ♥♥♥♥♥ about it then im going to tell u to to call the game by its full name have fun saying The Elder Scrolls Online Tamriel Unlimited otherwise kill your self"
,Not Recommended,306130,25959860,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Sedyana,"Essentials like access to depositing resources into a resource bag are kept behind a paywall (you'll never fit them in your bank).  No auctionhouse as to dump said resources and buy back later when you need them.  I found the game unplayable not being a member, even though I paid for the game as opposed to some games that give you the software free.  If you want a better experience, Guildwars 2 offers more for less.  They may fix this later, but from all the MMO's I've played, I felt like this was a waste.  Shame."
76561198059259425,Not Recommended,306130,26703820,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Dykes on Pikes,"I've tried to really get into this game multiple times.And I just can't.Despite the steam app saying ""142 hours played"", steam's time measurements have been inaccurate for ages, and everyone knows it.At best, I've probably given it about 40-50 hours of my time.And virtually none of that was really enjoyable.The incredible grind to even get to the actually interesting content (end game) is truly what has pushed me away time and time again.I cannot stand to sit around, killing the same enemies over and over to try and level as if this is some korean RPG, when it's supposed to be a western RPG.You can't say ""do quests"", because you always end up running out of quests and have to do precisely what I just stated.Beyond that, not only do you have to level up your character's level.But you also have to grind every ""skill""'s level. (A.K.A. Destruction, 2 handed, etc).Along with each ""ability""'s level.This game has taken all of the worst aspects of the Scrolls games: the grindy progression system, lack of a compelling story, and endless tedious side quests into an uncompelling mess of an RPG.The content that I want to play, which is this game's ""Realm v Realm"", is something thatI will never truly experience thanks to the rest of the game being in the way.Obviously, I expect to be berated for this just as everyone who has ever brought up the game's crappy progression system will be.But I want everyone who looks at this game to know what they're in for.An insanely annoying grind to get to the actually interesting content, that probably isn't worth it to begin with.You're in for a Korean MMORPG, this time with a combat system that is reasonably well polished, but not enough to make up for the black hole that is the rest of the game."
,Not Recommended,306130,26745453,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Morgan Yu,Locked out of game because their email verification is broken
,Not Recommended,306130,27346016,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,2mil,"Real boring, just a boring MMO..."
76561197968022659,Not Recommended,306130,29925673,Posted: 14 February,all,Reaper,Bethesda stabs all existing fans in the back with this sale.As great as it seems to have the gold version on 50% sale...What about the loyal supporters who get screwed over.It is literally cheaper to buy a new gold account then to upgrade.a GIANT boot to the face for all existing supporters....
76561198028472325,Not Recommended,306130,23381433,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,rath360,"This can not be said enough, IF you never  played any of the Elder Scrolls before you will probibly like this game. If you have....... it does not feel like Elder Scrolls, feels more like a cheese arcade version.  Bad guys are glowing red, you go into a spooky goblin cave only to see about a dozen if not more other players running around. It's more like a cheese circus then the Elder scrolls I Love. Someone told me it gets better. No. I have played for 4 hours, still the same silly clown Sh%$.Again, if you NEVER played Elder Scrolls and you like cheesy MMO action, you should like this game. ANYONE ELSE will probibly be disapointed as much as myself."
76561198027250751,Recommended,306130,11422961,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Humble Normal Man,"Yeah, I do. The game obviously lacks the complete immersion of the Elder Scrolls games, but that's only because such immersion is completely dependent on the single-player aspect of those games. This game feels like an Elder Scrolls game, and the immersion is substituted with the large player base instead of complex NPC's (the game has it's fair share of those, too).The game remains incomplete with more features coming, including a bounty system. If you're strictly an mmo fan I would not recommend this game. And if you're looking for Skyrim online, get out of here. The game emphasizes exactly what Skryim lacked and feels much more reminiscent of Oblivion and Morrowind instead of Fallout."
76561198053392818,Recommended,306130,20003917,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,yare yare daze,i only have downloaded it so yeah....
,Recommended,306130,20055229,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Fiji,got banned for the username autisticnigger 10/10 best game
,Recommended,306130,20278946,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Cheese Juice,U need a high cuality computer or laptop to play this game.
76561198004814651,Recommended,306130,23393017,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Jake,It's like Skyrim with guns
,Recommended,306130,31916400,Posted: 23 May,all,Tony Pulis,Sick Game!
76561198089590032,Recommended,306130,13500263,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,koolaid_man,I DIDN GET A 3O DAY FREE TRIAL ? IF I AM MISTAKING WHERE DO I FIND IT?
76561198090130108,Not Recommended,306130,34239115,Posted: 14 August,all,Skern,ESO: Tamriel Unlimited is an OK MMO but the End Game was mediocre
76561198033174721,Not Recommended,306130,34637747,Posted: 31 August,all,Dikreathz,"Buy the game through Bethusda STEAM have no clue what they are doing and have ♥♥♥♥all support my first time dealing with their ""Support Staff"" and the degenerate tells me i played the game when it has never functioned."
76561198139744318,Not Recommended,306130,24244087,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,AlexWilburn123,"It said that I do not have the right DirectX even though I have checked to see, if it was the right one, and it was, so I can't play the game even though I should be able to."
76561198090549433,Recommended,306130,11369698,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,BlackNinjy,awesome
76561198068358606,Not Recommended,306130,33053809,Posted: 30 June,all,teotwawki_inc,Meh.
,Not Recommended,306130,24168021,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,NagsterTheGangster,"Everytime I go back to Elder Scrolls Online, im reminded of why I shouldnt play Elder Scrolls Online."
76561198060405265,Not Recommended,306130,21500979,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Crookshot,"Don't buy this game, especially through steam.  Crooked a$$ return policy.Download the game, it works for about a week.  It launches an update, now game fails to load.  You go through both steam and ESO's support.  ESO has you do some random file changes to game files that don't work.  Go through Steam support, those don't work.  Uninstall everything, do a fresh install, game updates itself and still won't load.  Ask steam for an refund but despite the game being a recent purchase you get ""we can't refund you, you played more than 2 hours.""...they don't even take into consideration that the update/patching times or that 2 hours in a mmo is like a drop in a waterbucket.  So f'ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  I just want to get all my game codes and be done with steam.The game itself was beautiful for the week and a half i got to play it.  Weak♥♥♥♥♥customer service."
76561198068444657,Not Recommended,306130,23903338,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Grandpa Gonorrhea,"This game is fun, but not worth full price. Its a fun story, but the quests reward you almost no xp. So I find myself leveling up and ill get far enough in the questline where I am too low of a level to continue. Now every quest I do is too hard. For scale, most of the quests I've done reward me with as much xp as I would get killing one or two mobs. If you like grinding, this is your game."
76561198060129931,Not Recommended,306130,23411872,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Joker-JH,The combat system is not fun
76561197975527484,Not Recommended,306130,19539595,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ParaChuck,"Warning, the game will require additional time to download via the launcher, this counts towards what Steam sees as ""Played""... so even before you ever launch the game, it will be non-refundable.For the game itself, it was really underwhelmed. Gave it about an hour before I was bored sensless... But Steam does not care, they've got my money. Guess I'll have to find another method to redeem the value from a Bathesda title... That's the Fallout from this cruddy transaction."
,Not Recommended,306130,31621350,Posted: 8 May,all,paff1987paff,"idk what to say graphic is great game play is great but there is no dragons,... dungeons are too hard and if you have one noob in team you fail dyngeon, the game it self is boring coz there is no new things to do after lvl 50 and there is 550lvls more to play boring same quests same things ower and ower again i regret for buying this game and i buy it for me and for my gf it is waste of money"
,Not Recommended,306130,31622483,Posted: 8 May,all,☺AssaultSponge☺,"for being a new gen game its still running dx9 and not dx11 or dx12 sad news aswell it does not allow hd teaxture mods so your going to playing with ultra graphics that make skyrim on low look good. long story short wait for the game to be less like a guild wars 2 lookalike and become more like skyrim without guilds and auto aim for bows.character models look good but the armor and clothing needs better 3d meshes and more of a pop-out effect instead of being glued to you. if they also add hd teaxturs(4k or 2K will do) and fx cloth phisics like assasins creed, and hair phisics like tomb raider. then the game would be worth it. it only has low res teaxturs even for ultra settings and runs on dx9 by default. this game is a guild wars wannabe and is nothing like i thought it was going to be. (hint: i thought it would look good like skyrim se and have pvp/coop with a larger world) but right now its ui and everything is childsplay, it needs to be more hardcore like skyrim se with frostfall and all the hardcore♥♥♥♥♥♥on.IF AND THIS IS A BIG IF. i will recommend this game IF they add high res teaxture and make the gameplay less mmo and more skyrim-like ."
76561198395954212,Recommended,306130,34490534,Posted: 25 August,all,Catabolt,where should i start........
76561198074731780,Not Recommended,306130,33460028,Posted: 11 July,all,Element,The Grinding Scrolls Online: Unbalanced Deluxe Edition
76561198244189152,Not Recommended,306130,34618938,Posted: 30 August,all,wolf,"Fix the bug that stops you from clicking play, cause when i click play it dosent do anything. ive already reset my pc and unistalled ad reinstalled the game twice. what do i do to fix it?"
,Recommended,306130,34455201,Posted: 24 August,all,Maraldeth,.
,Not Recommended,306130,33009383,Posted: 29 June,all,Chelsea,If you are going to buy this game do not buy it on steam. I does not work and if for some reason it does you have to jump through hopps to get it to.
,Recommended,306130,21085799,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Lizard,skyrim with friends... enough said
76561197970393012,Not Recommended,306130,34782878,Posted: 6 September,all,Somebody Else,"Apart from the cretinous levels grinding and inventory management (I know, I know - I should expect this sort of thing) - it's plagued by bugs that slow progress even more. Great for those who can circumvent that by spending money on this, less so for those who don't want to have yet another monthly bill to pay."
,Recommended,306130,20416386,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,EldeR,hello pls help me i buy this game in steam and creat my accnt in site elder and us my cd key i play 1 day and now hisbeen my accnt i cant login in site in game :(
,Recommended,306130,21716803,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Trash Man,am kahgeet like i do fieesh and game fun you get egg
,Recommended,306130,32226871,Posted: 6 June,all,Lord Davarius,nice game
76561198005442604,Recommended,306130,18057924,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,fyuree,
76561198043110053,Not Recommended,306130,31352582,Posted: 25 April,all,Kastenessen,"Its not good when It keeps updating and I keep having to start a new game again.Thumbs down for this reason.Also, its gameplay and interactions are rubbish compared to skyrim.  So are the quests, and also its not made by the same people that made Skyrim and the other elder scrolls games."
,Not Recommended,306130,31588804,Posted: 6 May,all,mr_j936,"What is this garbage?? After spending a week on my overpriced internet connection downloading through steam, and waiting for the launcher to update. I double click the game to play on steam and steam deletes the launcher and the game... a week and a lot of money on bandwidth later and I am back to square zero..."
76561198077650126,Not Recommended,306130,34627761,Posted: 30 August,all,dac22862,"I need a refund for this game.  It never full installed.  It kept wanting verification. I bought it on sale last week, so no i don't want more than i payed for it, but if my experience is anything to go by your game is broken garbage that you hide behind saying verification! This game rates 0/10, I would rate it lower, but i need my refund to find a game that hopefuly works!"
,Not Recommended,306130,23329114,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,SHOCKCABLE,"DO NOT BUY THIS ONE !!!!!! I put 3000+ hours in and no answer as to why they banned me only suspected of ""CHEAT ENGINE"" but they had not proven it.These guys can ban you for anything they want with this copy of the game. It's a digital version which you have no CD key to. Once you're banned you're ♥♥♥♥ed and you have to buy a completely new game on a new ESO account and if you bought if from steam , you need an entire new steam account.PVP , More PVP, and then when you're done with that...PVP some more. The PVE content always has bugs so I stick to PVP when I've played 3000+ hours so, I know what I'm talking about.XP Scrolls worthless... Takes forever to level even with them. You have to be a subscriber to get the ""10%"" experience bomus that actually helps you level. Or just wait for double XP seasonal event to take place.ExpansionsTheives Guild- Guards are still OPMorrow wind -  They got me! Pre-ordered that♥♥♥♥♥♥then realized them ♥♥♥♥♥es got me good.Morrow Wind, has one new class, a new continent or questing area. Some new pvp♥♥♥♥♥♥OVERALL:2/10"
76561197993995710,Not Recommended,306130,16883724,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,electric_disturbance,In my case the game is not playable. Not because of hardware limits but because it seem to update itself with approx 60 gig from the bethesda and right after to update (the same amount of gigs) from steam. So the update goes on perpertually
,Not Recommended,306130,18153122,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,NightCloud,"Never have I ever worked harder and waited longer to play a game. and Im a seasoned wow player. This game took so long to download which is understandable given the size i guess, however you have to make an account first and DON'T BE FOOLED! When It says you got the username/password is wrong, it really means you have to input the code steam gives you after you launch the game not in the game itself oh no that'll be to easy. After you create an account(and make sure to put your ""user name"" not email.) make sure to put in the code into ""redeem code."" MAKE SURE TO COPY AND PASTE!! It won't work if you type it in, and after all that what well you be rewarded with? A msg after you try logging in again saying you need to log out and input a random code sent to your email...After three days I just made my first charecter and was excited to play in the morning sense I updated everything last night to find out...theres more updates I'm waiting on...AND DON'T EVEN FRACKING GET ME STARTED ON THERE ""CUSTOMER SUPPORT"" UGH! ...I want to like this game, really I do but it's not making it easy."
76561198077183405,Not Recommended,306130,24799691,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,jerryhenderson,"I waited for over 2 days for it too download and install all the updates , tryed to play twice and got to a point where the ai was one shotting me or using spells to lock me in place and drain my health . If  you think being killed and having to respawn over and over again is fun , than this is a great game . If you like games that make you want to throw stuff , than this is a great game . if like me you value your own sanity , and don't want to play games that make you angry , than this game is anything but a great game ."
,Not Recommended,306130,29835284,Posted: 10 February,all,HopelessDecoy,"Download game through steam= Can't even open the launcherDownload game from the official site= Log in play for 5 min intervals getting disconnected on 40mbs internet through wired connection then the 6th drop just tells me I'm already logged in for an hour and I once again can't play.Bottom line, I never have had this much trouble with any game and I just wanna play but can't, there's no way I can recommend this even though I would like to."
76561198073924881,Not Recommended,306130,26716006,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Banisher,i CANT CONNECT TO THE SERVER.  ive tried to connect both server and still remain disconnected. please fix the server issue. i have no problem with other online games
,Not Recommended,306130,27609912,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,chronic,bad
76561198173052361,Not Recommended,306130,27698273,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yamato,That moment when u cant refund game after playing 3 hours :(
76561198097092121,Not Recommended,306130,30042284,Posted: 19 February,all,Georg Prime,"this game is good and fun, too bad the server is stupid. cannot log in to the game, the system tells me the account is already logged in, wait for 30 mins+, same problem still exist. game dev shud fix this, it happened to many times, ignore it, and i hope u choke and die, WORK HARDER u stupid salmon"
76561198130655078,Not Recommended,306130,28460848,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Twcap,Gets old fast
,Not Recommended,306130,29835365,Posted: 10 February,all,SSB Productions,"I've enjoyed some other MMORPGs like WoW and FFX14, but I just can't recommend Elder Scroll's Online.My biggest issue is the leveling system. With the launch of Tamriel One, the North America megaserver, everything is leveled to your player. So effectively, you never. get. any .better. You can never be over-powered. You can't go level up and come back to a boss that you can't beat.Second, they tightly control inventory space, which without paying the monthly fee, crafting is basically impossible. So if you don't plan to pay the monthly fee, don't even consider any crafts.Third, the amount of actual time the game requires. It literally takes six months to fully upgrade your mount. And that's for one character. It takes days or weeks to research single traits on hard craftables.Fourth, their billing system onaccount.elderscrollsonline.comhas some bug where if you purchase anything through their store, they can't guarantee you will get it if you play through Steam. I went back and forth with support about this and have it from them in writing.Fifth, I had an hour to play and spent forty five minutes trying to get into the game, and fifteen writing this review. Why ""play"" a game if you can't play it when you want to?"
,Not Recommended,306130,26737327,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,SupremeBurrito2,"I wanted to play this game, but I never got past the first loading screen.Called it a missed experience."
76561198328446088,Not Recommended,306130,27583549,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheGainsMachine,This a very disappointing game. Definitely wouldnt recommend
,Not Recommended,306130,27696928,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,keep the tool on us,stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ass game
,Not Recommended,306130,29845054,Posted: 11 February,all,White Beast ҈҉♥҉҈҉,"I enjoyed playing the game for a while and after recent update   ,I encountered "" api-ms-win-crt-runtime-l1-1-0.dll missing  error "" which is just for this game and not other games . I found no usefull soloutions and NO valid answer from support .There are a lot of ppl who found this problem , many reinstalled game or installed new windows . most annoying thing about that is no one cares about this and it is disappointing ."
76561197968239905,Not Recommended,306130,35142018,Posted: 22 September,all,Dr Sharples,"1. Little money, lots of time downloading.2. Bugged out, have to tinker on forums a bit, find fix, finish download, install, download update.3. Interesting half hour creating character, tough decision on name choice4. Begin uninteresting, bland and redundant quest lines, with random assortment of strange words (kinda like Elvish from LOTRs) emphasised with urgency and impending world ending armageddon5. Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click*6. Turn Mouse follow arrow*7. Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click* Click*8. Repeat. (don't worry, you won't die btw).Sorry EOS. Bored out of my mind."
76561198182434729,Not Recommended,306130,32968966,Posted: 28 June,all,S3LT,This is a insult to all true elder scrolls fanswould not reccomend to any mmo fans either
76561198140745492,Not Recommended,306130,35434760,Posted: 2 October,all,dlr123456789,"Twice now the game has failed to complete its constant daily updates and refused to run because of that.  The support forum requires you to create an account and supply 1 live infant in order to even read the fact.  Not a bad game, on those rare and magical days I can actually play it."
76561198355813455,Not Recommended,306130,32278928,Posted: 8 June,all,A-GuyNamedJosh,The gameplay at first seems to be exspansive and exiting after an hour or so it becomes quite bland and repetitive
76561198295316635,Not Recommended,306130,34525243,Posted: 27 August,all,Yudachi,"Mac os version: lots of problem to install, needed a few days, then the price go down 60%, the post-download time on mac os counts as hour time, so I don't get a refund for the price decrease. Thanks."
76561198157494220,Not Recommended,306130,32293411,Posted: 9 June,all,rehcirnimajneb,I enjoyed the game for however long i could then i got a game breaking bug and i can no longer play it. I geuss i'm involuntarily ejected from the game
,Not Recommended,306130,32212323,Posted: 5 June,all,BaMitZHaK,I AM THE BOOBOO BANDIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,306130,32281013,Posted: 8 June,all,Munry,"They killed my favourite city, Balmora. It's empty and soulless. Never been this disappointed in my entire life. Morrowind killed the game. Don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,306130,35433344,Posted: 2 October,all,Oliverserker,"Pros:- PVE is fun with friendsCons:- Zerging in Battlegrounds- Champion points are fookin unfair (there are battlegrounds with no champion points though)- No ""no champion points option"" in duels (you're ♥♥♥♥ed outside battlegrounds).- Abilities have no cooldown so there's a ""Break free"" mechanic which removes stuns and gives temporary immunity (stuns are useless in PVP)TL;DR game is fun if you coop against AI, but PVP balance is ♥♥♥♥ed."
76561198067958729,Not Recommended,306130,11490554,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,sweƃ the pleƃ,"I may have never played this, but that's because of the ♥♥♥♥ing stupid subscription plan they have, so let me tell you what this game really is. First off when you see this your probably thinking to yourself, ""A Elder Scrolls MMORPG? Awesome! There could be no downside to this!"" and if you thought that, let me tell you you are very wrong. Alright, so once you buy the game for $60.00 they make you pay atleast $15 or more for their ♥♥♥♥ing stupid subscription plan that you HAVE to get, that's right they make you buy the game and then make you spend even more money for a stupid subscription plan. I have not played this game because I am NOT going to buy a subscription plan, but from what I've heard this game is very buggy and isn't all too fun. Overall I would save your money for a different game on your wishlist, this game is total garbage."
,Recommended,306130,11579004,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,michiganhillbilly,Awsome game play and bridges the complete elder scrolls series well.
76561198025049966,Recommended,306130,11350631,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Dedricus,"While the game had many issues on launch, they are all but non-existant now. I've seen nothing but a great community, a solid story, and immersive gameplay.Don't listen to the angry reviewers. Play the game for youself and see."
,Recommended,306130,11504002,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Mirkw,A lot of peoples underestimate n blame this game and I have no idea for what reason ... This game is simply awesome world is fantastic quests are so funny ... exping exploring dungeons skills skyshards lores crafting treasures dark anchors world bosses and  much much more just fantastic game. Graphics more than okay as well ofc some bugs are there still but zenimax trying very hard to fix everything and make this game PERFECT for sure. So my final opinion on this game is from aside of payments .. u just MUST have  if u are fan of mmorpg (its somehow better than WoW and all others mmorpgs definitely) and without words if u are also fan of Elder scroll series srsly no doubt I can only recommend it for buy n I guarantee u will have a lot of fun in Tamriel :)
,Recommended,306130,12678004,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,DarkKombat25,"Awesome game, really enjoying it."
76561198116850201,Recommended,306130,11584756,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,BOOSA,"I love this game deeply, the way you can go around and do what ever you want at any given time, makes this game great.I recommend this game to everyone guarentee 10/10 must play!!!!"
,Recommended,306130,11478669,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Zach4,First off I want to say that I know that it ESO has a lot of bad hipe but once you look past its not a Skyrim or Oblivion. The gam is really fun. I'm blown away on how big the map is. And how you can be apart of any faction depending on your race and then go fight the other factions in PVP. Which is really well set up. Yea there are still a few noticable bug but that shouldn't stop you from missing out on a really great game!
76561198038074424,Not Recommended,306130,16854312,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Mark S M,"Not worth the price tag. Another mmorpg built around questing with with no real ""elder scrolls play"".  May as well be called The world of warcraft online. I'm tried of quests, they don't make me feel like I'm acheiving anything when they are so pervasive. In my opinion, the only quest player should be getting are those for raids or pvp.  Bethesda's time would have been better spent developing the world map than developing the world map around quests and instances. Charcter development could have improved as well. So much is marked on the map that you find yourself looking at your compass and map more than your surroundings. Over all unoriginal.   A generous 5.5/10."
,Recommended,306130,14949162,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Carl Poppa,"For players like me who never played any single Elder Scrolls title, this one right here, HANDS DOWN!!!"
,Recommended,306130,12604488,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Mezan Irdak™,"Fantastic game, very story-driven with great graphics, and music. Every piece of dialogue is voice acted, which brings a sense of immersion. The combat is fluid and fun. May be a little frustrating grouping for quests at times, as the phasing and instanced elements can make things complicated, but it's all fun and easy enough to do by yourself until you get to the meat of the group content (dungeons, PvP, etc.)"
,Not Recommended,306130,35306777,Posted: 29 September,all,frisk fyr_123,Watching the trailer is more enjoyable than playing the game.10/10
,Recommended,306130,11464946,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,DanobotOfficial,THIS GAME IS MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198027881415,Recommended,306130,11396639,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,yung cheezy,I've enjoyed this game much more than the most helpful reviews have said I would. I would say that ESO was more than worth my money.
76561198055532147,Not Recommended,306130,29312655,Posted: 17 January,all,ranger81,"I have loved elder scrolls for most of my adult life. The last two titles were so rich and fullfilling, no other game rpg even came close.As i finished skyrim i saw this title in steams store. I instantly bought the gold package for 80$ canadian.WHAT A PIECE OF F*CKIN GARBAGE! THIS GAME SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO CARRY THE ELDER SCROLLS TITLE!I FEEL AS IF IVE BEEN ROBBED FOR 80$! I WANT MY GOD DAMNED MONEY BACK U PIECES OF CRAP!but since thats not likely to happen as the money hungry poop studios aparantly even tried to get people to pay monthly, ill settle for never buying another game from them ever..bethesda please take this game back!"
76561198015863219,Not Recommended,306130,34490719,Posted: 25 August,all,daz81,"I was really looking forward to playing the game, having played every incarnation since Daggerfall. I was terribly dissapointed however. Eighty-five gigabyte download overnight then another six gigabyte patch that failed to install the first time. (so basically 12 gigabyte additional download before I could even start the game).When I got into the game, I was greeted with poor graphics, long loading time and mediocre/repetitive gameplay. I played the tutorial and simply got bored once I was on dry land.I noticed the restrictions imposed for Non subscribed members and realised I didnt want to play or invest my time and money into a game like this anymore. Perhaps I should have given it a bit longer, but I didnt feel any urge to continuing playing unlike its offline counterparts such as skyrim etc, fallout 4 (which i stay play and mod).I generally enjoy games like this, I just didnt feel any ""wow"" factor and just changed my mind."
,Not Recommended,306130,29942902,Posted: 15 February,all,unstable,cancer launcher...
,Not Recommended,306130,26683157,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Rogueninja,"I thought this would play like an Elder Scrolls game, but goodness the sound isn't even synced when you hit an enemy, and it feels like a slightly updated version of LOTRO.  The quests seem mind numbingly dull and even with my friends I found myself asking what I was doing with my time in this game."
,Recommended,306130,11386417,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Dubsecks,"LET ME Just start out by saying DO NOT COMPARE THIS TO SKYRIM. YOU WILL NOT ENJOY IT AS MUCH. This is my first MMO other than runecape, and it's fricken awesome. I love this game to bits. It has such a cute and loving charm that makes you want to keep leveling and enjoying. This game is amazing despite what others say."
,Recommended,306130,15001323,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,¯\_ツ_/¯,"If you have a good computer/laptop, the game will look extremely amazing to you. If you have a average computer, the game will look terrible. If your computer/laptop could not handle any game even on low settings, the game will crash you computer/laptop.Points:-MMORPG-Requires good graphics for best experience-Need to spend large amount of time-Need to research on the game and slang used in it-Need to understand the crafting, enchantment and alchemy purposes-Need to join a guild (and be active or most the guild will kick you out)-Must have your skill upgrades according to your best fits-10% of the stuff you get is useless-Best MMORPG for me"
76561198043287363,Not Recommended,306130,34714656,Posted: 3 September,all,Anhaedran,"I tried the beta and loved it, Just got the game installed, (took forever), let it patch (took 9 hours), found out it required direct 11. Well i cant get that.... okay lets refund. OH WAIT THE PATCH COUNTS AS GAMEPLAY?!?!?!? great...now i cant refund because steam support doesnt give a ♥♥♥♥ and has a 2 hour cap for refunds. this is rediculous!"
76561198131400732,Not Recommended,306130,21731146,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Poetrybomb,ive spent over 24 hours trying to get this game to load. im turned off of this game. i want my money back and put on my account but i dont know how to do that. take it away from me im so mad
76561198046485563,Not Recommended,306130,23691368,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,WeWereNords,"Buy this game for console. Only 7% of the population of people in the world that own this game play on PC NA servers. It is dead, you will see the same names unless you play on weekends or certain evenings, in which you see the same names recking all of the new names.PvP has no structure and is consistently broken. ""Super duper cool massive big battles!"" say all the first impression reviews. Truth is these get very old very quick and it's really unimersive when one magicka templar who's a vamp just runs into a zerg and spams one skill plus bats to kill literally 20 people.PvE is decent ish and the MMORPG figures are intact tho. This game is a prime example of why anyone who PvP's heavily is shifting to the MOBA genre. This was a last hope for MMO's, and sadly, ZoS did not take it seriously as a PvP option, and it's understandable. People do not play this type of game for PvP anymore, and if they do, they are just playing WoW. Why WOULD Zenimax make PvP a good feature in their game?As for me I cannot rate that carebear attitude as a thumbs up, so play it for yourself if you like casually running around TES world and not taking video games seriously, for a while it looked like it could go in the right direction, but 2 years in and no progress, i've given up."
,Not Recommended,306130,19950038,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,climate1,This is like any other MMORPG game it is boring after 10 minutes and is not like Skyrim at all.
,Not Recommended,306130,34211849,Posted: 13 August,all,Bob,"a cash shop and ""plus memebership"" in a game you already have to buy is just awful, there is no reason for this anti consumer format."
76561197970701643,Not Recommended,306130,31144851,Posted: 14 April,all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"Daggerfall had rampant nudty, this version doesn't.Women wear the exact same armor as men.https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/159158185358786501/366898BA6963D0D7B3407F34363056E7DEE0A557/"
,Not Recommended,306130,24974550,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Dare,"Takes a good while to level. Quests are boring, let me illustrate I spent twenty minutes for one quest going to each and every part of town talking to different npcs. PVP balance doesn't exist. Group finder will leave you waiting for 7 hours. Do yourself a favor and look some where else for fun."
76561198071985981,Not Recommended,306130,29010101,Posted: 4 January,all,34tower,spent all that money on a supposed good game and I have yet to play it after trying to down load the proper game 10 times or more....????
,Not Recommended,306130,26653380,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Anson,"*YAWN* it's a shame that I have to say what I'm about to say because I love the elderscrolls franchie. First let me start by saying this game looks pretty nice. Could look a lot better but its acceptable. Secondly the game runs really well and the combats also pretty good. Finally this game is legit just erand ♥♥♥♥♥ online. Every corner there is an NPC wanting to make you his next pray for a bad quest, for bad rewards."
,Not Recommended,306130,28198765,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Sapphire Smith,"I was super excited to get the elderscrolls online. It took 2 whole days of nonstop download to install all the patches. Thinking I would be able to explore all of tamriel with my friends in private servers. But I was awfully disappointed to find ouit that it is just a Massively Multiplayer Online game. I was thinking it shouldn't be all that bad, but I changed my mind when I found out there were only 2 servers to select from. Every single mission objective has players crowded around it and every cave or enemy area is always clear. I thought I'd just move onto skills and perks, but I can't do blacksmithing, and customising the look of your character is easy as swiping your damn credit card. This game was just a huge cry from bethesda that translates from Dovazhul to ""GIVE US YOUR MONEY"". This was a huge waste of $50."
,Not Recommended,306130,34674528,Posted: 1 September,all,Trashcan,"Game forced me to download from the launcher for +2 hours. In doing so i cant refund, the game itself if boring to me. Old oblivion type mechanics dont rub me right. Skyrim mechanics would be amazing, unfortunatly nothing of the sort is found in the time i played."
76561198130081912,Not Recommended,306130,32112245,Posted: 1 June,all,Waistband tuck,Got perma banned for no reason....
,Not Recommended,306130,34487822,Posted: 25 August,all,Kaytrox,"I got kicked out of the character creation for inactivitiy.Why the hell would have an afk timer for that?Oh, and thank you for deleting my well designed character, I totally did not waste 1 hour on that...."
,Recommended,306130,26719822,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Kaiser Wilhelm II,10/10 the coolest game and is looking good
76561198038338189,Recommended,306130,11327467,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,McCrackenSkulls,"Don't fret!You can play the game for the free 30 days. The only way though (sadly), is buy committing to the subscription. I choose the one month subscription. This is the only way to play the free 30 days.There is an option to cancel the subscription at any time, just remember you login credentials!"
76561198070415593,Recommended,306130,11396592,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,L33TN00B,"I'm not sure what everyone's problem is, but I am really enjoying this game and haven't had any problems signing in or anything and I bought it here on Steam when it was on sale. I have played every Elder Scrolls game since Daggerfall and though I may be a little biased, I will try and give an even review.This game isn't perfect and I will agree with some reviewers that it lacks in some depth. It doesn't have as much depth as its predecessors, however I feel it has more depth than most MMOs. I've yet to join the fighter's guild or mage guild, yet so I'm not sure how far those take you. But, this game has a deep back history that is revealed in the books you can read and the class/race story line type quests. You can really feel each area is uniquley designed for the races that live there and they are fun to explore. The ambient sound, typical Elder Scrolls voice acting, and great music are all there to draw you in along with some good graphics. I only say good graphics, because I feel they are a little dumbed down to MMO proportions.Quests: Do you like to group? Go ahead. Do you like to solo? Go ahead. So far, I feel the quests have been a lot of fun and refreshing from the typical MMO grind and collect type quests. I cannot say for sure how it is in higher levels as I have only put 11 hours into the game so far and have tried creating multiple classes/races to get a feel for each one. I keep waiting for the typical quests to pop up, though and I've yet to dive into any PVP action.Gameplay/Skills: I like the idea of selecting certain skills paths and having those morph and upgrade. Every class can use magicka type spells/skills and/or stamina type weapons skills. The downside is that you can only have so many skills on your skill bar at a time, but this leads to some strategy as to how you want to build and play your character. The other fun aspect is actually fighting in typical Elder Scrolls fashion: click the mouse to attack, hold down for more power, right click to block, and so on. No auto-attack! Also, the mobs move around, dodge, and block. I feel like I am actually playing the game instead of hitting numbers on my keyboard at static enemies.Crafting: Get ready to loot every box and barrel as there is a whole lot you can do with crafting. From cooking some food to give you stat upgrades, to smithing weapons/armor, and to alchemy, crafting has something for everyone that lends to better equipment, etc. You can also craft/wear any style of armor you want or use any weapon. Each type of armor also has a skill tree that provide help for you character.Character creation: As in Elder Scrolls fashion, there are almost too many options! But this leads to some cool character designs that can help everyone stand out from each other. Although as I've said and the game description says that you can play any character how you want, there are some drawbacks as each race has certain strengths in certain areas. LIke the Redguard lend themselves to fighting or the High Elves to magicka. But a magicka shooting High Elf could use a two-hander or a Redguard sword and board tank could throw some magicka skills out there.The only caveat: Pay to play... Sometimes its hard to bite down and pay per month when there are some good free to play MMOs out there, like Rift.I agree with the metascore at 71/100 and could say that it could go a little higher to 75/100. If you like the Elder Scrolls series and enjoy playing with other people, then give this game a try. If you're new to the series, I think this game will provide a lot of fun and interest for an MMO that lends itself to play a character as you want. Not to mention, a strong history with a series that really laid the groundwork for many RPGs and MMORPGs today. If you're still not sure, wait until it is on sale again and give it a try and if you still don't like it, cancel before the free 30 days is up."
76561198035474087,Recommended,306130,12726597,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Riddle,"I wanted to buy it before but I was undescisive because of all the negative comments, then I actually bought it and realized I had been lied to."
,Recommended,306130,12340543,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Aidylheid,I got it half off. I wouldn't pay full price for it but it has been fun.
,Recommended,306130,12327578,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Triste,"its not a good game and its not a bad game,is a unique game"
76561198165230194,Recommended,306130,14136493,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Over Before it Starts,57bb 951e
,Recommended,306130,12294678,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,heckaber,10/10 IGN like skyrim with skyrim
76561198119582079,Not Recommended,306130,16852397,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,mondu47,No one plays this on PC anymore and It logged me out 4 times after playing for 10 minutes
76561198047012133,Not Recommended,306130,17299868,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Opitovo,"Horrible game. You have download the 80 GB launcher then within the launcher download the game which is at least another 80 GB. The game play is not exciting, poor graphic quality, poor story line. Worst $60 spent in my entire life."
,Not Recommended,306130,28294346,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DAMN!! Y0u gOt R3kt,"I must say, after I heard so much about Elder Scrolls I really thought that it will be a great Game!!!! Boy I was wrong!First of all some obvious things:-This Game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥Yes I know that Bethesda Games look like this, but that is no excuse for this graphic!)-It is very complicated to start as a beginner in the Elder Scrolls Series-There are a hell lot of bugsI really tried everything and REALLY WANTED to overlook the bad things in the game, but guess what....THIS STUPID GAME WON'T START ON MY PC!!I have a VERY good PC with a 6600K and a 980ti but before this game won't start at any cost!So I tried to return iot but it was too late....Hope that I could help you!PS: Everybody who may ask themselves about my low Playtime, that's a bug too <3"
,Not Recommended,306130,29994487,Posted: 17 February,all,goldenradish,"They took out the Thieve's Guild and the Dark Brotherhood and are selling them as DLC. DLC! They are the best parts of the Elder Scrolls franchise! I haven't returned to the game since finding this out. The plot isn't engaging enough in itself, and the  two parts I was looking forward to are DLC you have to buy with Bethesda's nonsense 'crowns' currency. This works out very expensive for element that were in the previous three Elder Scrolls games as part of the game world.I bear you no grudge if you love the game, and more power to you. I just can't recommend it as it is because, to me at least, it's half a game."
76561197993229451,Not Recommended,306130,26720552,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Buddhamind,"Only because I like the Elder Scrolls Franchise so much I bought this game. But the grand idea of an open-world game, where you could go anywhere, gets a severe blow. Because areas are now restricted, and there is little opportunity off the paths. Also I really hate the enormous uncrossable mountains you walk right into once you go a little bit in the ""wrong"" direction. In all the previous games you could go pretty much anywhere, even go over the highest mountains if you wanted to get somewhere. Well not anymore. Not at all. I wanted to see cyrodiil, that's the first thing I wanted to do, but now it seems I have to pay money in order to be able to walk there. Which I am not going to do. So I'm quite disappointed so far, and that's an understatement. Hopefully I can learn to see this game in a different light soon..."
,Not Recommended,306130,26191629,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Glare,"I purchased this game for 60 dollars originally when it first came out. It entertained me for a week, then it was a waste. If you want a good Elder Scrolls game, play any one but this one. Worst 60 dollars ever spent."
76561197971442846,Not Recommended,306130,30083834,Posted: 21 February,all,Coldhands,"I have never played a more perfunctory, uninspired MMORPG than Elder Scrolls Online.  I was only able to get a character to around level 10 before it was no longer worth the time to see if this game ""gets better later.""  If you have a few dozen hours you don't mind wasting to see if an intimately boring early game gives way to something worth playing, then maybe give Elder Scrolls Online a shot.• Combat is slow, clunky, unexciting, and never against more than one target.• Active powers are limited to 4 and 1 ultimate, which means rotations are simplistic and tactics more or less non existent.• Nothing in the first few areas of the game could deal enough damage to outpace my character's health regen.  I left while in combat, made and ate food, and returned to find my character alive and well.• Story is extremely simplistic, uninteresting, and delivered almost universally without enthusiasm.• Instancing is nearly nonexistent.  Unsealing an ancient tomb reveals half a dozen other players inside, killing all the mobs.  Fighting a boss at the end of a quest ends prematurely because another player arrives and kills it.  Sneaking up on a tart is ruined as you watch another character run through you, kill the mob, and then run off.The only positive thing I can say about The Elder Scrolls Online is that the graphics are pretty nice.  For an MMO."
,Not Recommended,306130,29765087,Posted: 7 February,all,Alex Dresden,"INCOMPLETE game.  Missing launcher file and additional files to actually run the game.  All issues including this occured after the Feb 6, 2017 - Homestead patch."
76561198153443108,Not Recommended,306130,14305456,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,smiker10,i have been trying to play this game but it keeps crashing
,Not Recommended,306130,18346732,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,BabyNostrils,PLEASE DONT BUY. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE.I know you think this game is going to be like skyrim but its not so dont buy unless yourshore watch some videos about the game and not just one episode like 3-5and if you do think about buying just remeber that they dont refund if you have over 2 hours play time and the installer for ESO Took 11 hours for me to download and it counted them on play time.    10/10 will waste £50 Again
,Not Recommended,306130,22260580,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Confirmed4Brawl,This is not Elder Scrolls
,Not Recommended,306130,30849091,Posted: 31 March,all,WOLFGANG ALPHA,Every update drives me to upgrade my software system... I'm done with this game!
76561198142516055,Not Recommended,306130,17913994,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Empire is aLive Forever,"hello guys i need help about buy crown packi cant buy crown pack from steami see this error :Oops, sorry!An error was encountered while processing your request:An unexpected error occured while authorizing your transaction. Please try again.can u help me for fix this error ?plz help fast i need buy crown fast :("
76561198141975816,Not Recommended,306130,17470625,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,eliashaider,"I was really looking forward to play this game and couldnt wait the download to finish. Reality hit me after character creation. The game looks way worse than the trailer and has nothing to do with skyrim at all. Plus although my internet is good enough for every other game, i had such massive lags, that the tutorial mobs where a real challenge.I returned the game now, because i cant understand how such a failed game can cost more than 50 euros."
,Not Recommended,306130,22619476,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,eseer_alpha,"I have a decent gaming computer, and this is the only game I could not get to work properly on it. The game took a week to download from Steam, then another day or two from the main screen. Once it was downloaded and I turned the graphics as low as possible to get better speed it crashed teice within 5 minutes of playing."
76561198167128690,Not Recommended,306130,33733162,Posted: 22 July,all,OctopuS,"Advertises itself to be 'all you love about skyrim, just online."" Well, it's not. it's nothing like skyrim."
76561198070687125,Recommended,306130,11864581,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Aikeni,Just what i wanted Skyrim Online
76561198398343029,Not Recommended,306130,34340436,Posted: 18 August,all,lord zamasu,WTF ZENIMAX I CANT LOG In THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME SCREW YOU!!!!!!!!!!
76561198062760280,Not Recommended,306130,34682398,Posted: 2 September,all,Hatsune Miku KAWAII <3,"Really steam ♥♥♥♥ed up here, I reinstalled the game after not playing for a year using the zenimax online site and then, after installing I sync my zenimax account with my steam account using the game client. Later, after having played for a bit, I come back to the game and start it up. This time it says it hasn't launched with steam client and won't let me login. I go to steam to start up the game and the entire game begins to install again and my original game files disappear. wtf Gaben."
,Not Recommended,306130,30787065,Posted: 27 March,all,notfree25,Great game.Bad review is in protest of lag
,Not Recommended,306130,17285825,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,MG,meh... when u played Witcher 3 and then start this game...hmm... when u played Skyrim and then start this game...Looks like something between Morrowind and Skyrim but we have 2015...FOV is terrible ...
,Not Recommended,306130,24919226,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Jim Fisher,I spent three full days tryinig to play this game. The updates just kept downloading and download and I never got to the actual gameplay. My Steam account says I've played for over 7 hours but I've never gotten past the update screen. So over it. Deleting it.
76561198182932470,Not Recommended,306130,24350557,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,>=<*U*_*N*~*D*-*O*•*O*>=<,"the worst elderscrolls game of all time. it had so much potential, but for all intensive purposes this game is terrible.the hype that was built before this games release only made it that much more of a let down.bethesda really wasted there time on this game, it could have been the king of all mmorpgs but instesd its now 120th in line for the thronebethesda you really F'd the pooch this time"
,Not Recommended,306130,24437417,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,SouljaNinja,after trying to get into it again........the combat system is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke.........i got this ON SALE and it was still a waste of money.................zenimax doesnt know what the hell theyre doing DO NOT BUY even if its on sale just dont do it.....youll have fun for a while but then youll start to notice the problems with the combat system as they become more and more persistent. If you dont take my advice and purchase it anyways stay away from 2H weapons as the animation/hitbox of your swings IS VERY INACCURATE you will miss 45% of your swings and abilities (regardless of their level)
76561198182807729,Not Recommended,306130,24788095,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,jamesquirk61,READ THIS  REVIEW  TO THE END  ITS NOT FREE TO PLAY ITS FREE TO LOG IN !!!!!! READ THIS IF YOU WANT TO KNOW THE TRUTH i was madly inlove with this game up  until the point that is has now become over ridden with underage players who constistently ruin the sense of online game play if i wanted to be roasted every time i said something in zone chat or in every guild chat i would just go on social media i will never ever return to playing this game the game play is pointless without atleast 10 addons and in order to make any kind of money you have to reach level 35 and then join a guild and then run addons to know a price and then auction it through your guild and you better pray it is a good guild otherwise your broke forever  not to mention you cant do any dungeons anymore because of a 3 hour que time for a group and when you do get in a group you have 3 out of 5 people running around doing nothing while you die over and over over over so to be honest this game is a waste of time and memory and mostly money   im just gonna go back to skyrim because this is a big waste of time  soTHE PROSfun to solo and craft as long as you have a plus membership and a guild and about 100 grand in goldfun storyline if you enjoy repeating the same thing over and overthe graphics are awesome if you can get through without it lagging out and booting you and crashing  and then trying to log back in to find out the servers are down for the second time today  then when you update it  it says it needs to repair itself and that take a good 4 to 8 hours so there is you whole day of gameplay gonethe brotherhood and enjoyment of a mmo is gone with this game i was apart of the biggest guild and oldest guild in this game the silk road and to be honest even they like to roast people for no reason and kick people for no reason i am thoroughly done with this game i cannot believe after 3 years i am saying this but it is one of the worst massive multiplayer failures
76561198052443064,Not Recommended,306130,25038304,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Nuadde,Great game but an absolute pain to put funding onto via Valve.  The main issue being logging in from ESO to Vale/steam is that Valve NEVER recognises your details. So you end up being sent oin an endless loop of resetting passwords having codes sent . Evem=n when codes are sent via phone text valve/steam then refuses to recognize the password sent by Valve.  Total and utter waste of time avoid like the plague from buying on steam its a real pain in the neck and it never gets resolved no matter what steam says even when they can be bothered to answer messages from you.   BUY IT ELSEWHERE DO NOT LINK IT TO YOUR STEAM ACCOUNT>
76561198172068873,Not Recommended,306130,26409571,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Dellix,"ive put my time in. The developers refuse to fix the PvP connection. d/c's every 10 mins, then it throws you into infinte load screens that make you have to kill the process and re launch the game. same thing goes for their end game trials. the encourage you to play together with others, but punish you when you do."
,Not Recommended,306130,29923933,Posted: 14 February,all,Muden,"It is important to note that the UI was designed for consoles (only enough buttons to fit a controller, have to manually unlock the mouse pointer Everytime you want to use it, menu's made for crab people). This also means you get some awesome abilities to choose from that would make you character the most fun avatar you have ever experienced.... unfortunately you can't use but a handful at a time. The story is fun and satisfying but is soon drowned out by the mobile gotcha type crafting timers and ultra repetitive questing. The questing is again made extremely boring by the 5 or 6 abilities you get to use. Worth checking out on sale but at full price pass like Snoop is next in line and is very irritated."
,Not Recommended,306130,29844257,Posted: 11 February,all,Eleanor Catherine,"What an absolute let down.All the quests are repetative and basically go x, kill x, return; the same old fetch quests over and over, while several other randoms are doing the same. There is literally zero immersion.Unlike previous Elder Scrolls titles, I do not find myself caring enough to interact with characters as they all seem generic, uninteresting, and frankly disposable.The graphics are subpar for it's generation, low res textures, and low poly counts dominate a wasted HD screen. The only visual save and grace are the use of lighting and godrays which are just enough to distract you from everything else, adding to spectacular panoramic views of Tamriel.Gameplay is terrible at best. Combat is clunky and not at all responsive. The fact that every swing of your sword, every arrow, every bolt of lightning always hits as long as you're pointing in the general direction and within a generous range takes the skill out of the game. Enemies seem to have an arena style battle zone where they'll retreat to and regain all their health.Not worthy of its lineage. It's like Zenimax made BethSoft slap ES name on the most mundane MMO ever. Worse than that, it's like someone released a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Elder Scrolls mod for Second Life...Edit:13 hours in, still terrible. Feelings moved to a more ""I feel ripped off"", ESO feels more and more like a cheap knock off. Though it did free up a nice amount of space when I put it in the bin. Where it should be. Bethesda, it's an abomination."
,Not Recommended,306130,26725593,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,DarkHelmet,so first off i wanted to say this is a amazing game i loved plaing only 10 hours of it but seeing as i cant get back on at all and that every time i try to get back on it tells me that its going to send out a verfication email and iot doesnt i dont recommend getting this game at all
,Not Recommended,306130,26746892,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Stranghold,"Not until they add Asian Server.. (which will not gonna happen, trust me)"
76561198017112970,Not Recommended,306130,29998810,Posted: 17 February,all,MadMike,"I hadn't played the game in awhile, since about the time Dark Brotherhood came out, and decided to pick it up again today. At the point I had quit playing, I had bought the first 3 DLC's(Imp.City/Ors/TG), yet when I reinstalled the game today it logged me in as though it was a fresh account. All characters gone, and no DLC on the account. Can't for the life of me figure this out. I didn't buy another copy of the game, and it still shows my play time from before, yet its as though my account was wiped clean. So all the money/time I had put into DLC's/characters was just... wiped? Or...? I don't know, but I certainly can't reccommend anyone else waste their time or money."
76561198058776758,Not Recommended,306130,26424811,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TaintedJuan,"Steam provides no verification upon purchase,no cd key to activate, all you will get is an 'Invoice number' which does nothing. Why are they even bothering selling this? its literally stealing"
76561198205891936,Not Recommended,306130,26709830,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,mna99,Played this during the free weekend.  Frequent crashes (this is the only game that crashes on this computer) and frequent disconnects = can not recommend.  Sorry.  It seems like fun.  It would be nice to keep playing ESO: Tamriel Unlimited.But it justwon'twork.
,Not Recommended,306130,30403996,Posted: 8 March,all,[.:99:.] CuddleTank™,"Well first of all i need ""Update for Windows KB 2999226"" so yeah couldnt even play..."
76561198142393517,Not Recommended,306130,33625288,Posted: 18 July,all,pavel8585,"Im in this game from early beta and i see that devs are not doing ANYTHING for money they got for so many MICROTRANSACTIONS they implemented in this game and stupid ESO membership system ( you got only esxtra crafting bag for that and 10% exp haha! for training gear, very common, you will get more ) Zenimax is just takeing skills and puting them back or change names of skills like now with GREAT PATCH :P"
,Not Recommended,306130,32840468,Posted: 26 June,all,TransparentNinja,Want to play an MMO with good graphics? Play any MMO other than this one. This is just a super generic MMO with the Elder Scrolls name attatched to it.
76561198026531307,Not Recommended,306130,16300977,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,raventracks,"So sad to have to write that this game crashes all the time. It is very frustrating, even after adjusting settings for better 'gameplay'. Seriously, something must be done to improve the glitches, even after all the patchwork. A shame for 60 bucks I could be playing a game that doesnt suddenly stop working."
,Recommended,306130,13313423,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Brett Keane,Game delayed for ps4 yet again.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SiDNsbF2v-g&list=UUtvtRD2pao3CF0SHxARb8SAhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62uSHO7nTfshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lp7DnqYsTek
,Recommended,306130,16787667,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,God,I killed a deer trying to kill a wolf :( 3/4
76561197964986430,Not Recommended,306130,34679432,Posted: 2 September,all,Necro,Average MMO that does not try to improve over its predecessors in the genre. The mechanics involve a typical MMO combat system and a very basic crafting system. The game combines well established but outdated mechanics with elder scrolls content.
76561197992884294,Not Recommended,306130,31727525,Posted: 13 May,all,SpecialOps,Dont like it... it is very different from THe Elder Scrolls : Skyrim.
,Recommended,306130,31924110,Posted: 23 May,all,Deathedge736,YES
76561198031760110,Not Recommended,306130,24000356,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jazz,"bought this game, then could not log in for over 2 hours. dissatisfied."
,Recommended,306130,31923378,Posted: 23 May,all,RodneyFlowers,meh
76561198146901433,Not Recommended,306130,34440780,Posted: 23 August,all,Aatami,Tried to go back and give the game another shot but no matter what I tried the launcher wouldn't work properly.
76561198342627830,Not Recommended,306130,31882900,Posted: 21 May,all,♦Todd♦,I got permanent ban and idk why this is bs cuz now I wasted 20 pounds for nothing
,Not Recommended,306130,18056120,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,MrXgamer1500,"Now this is a good game.How ever I can't play it, too much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t updating and it never seems to end..So no I haven't played for 8 hours, I've left it sit all night.,,"
76561198057502615,Not Recommended,306130,18316306,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,jdizzy47,i hate this game i want my money back
76561198218634553,Not Recommended,306130,18631001,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Akros,"so far i cant commant about the in-game play, there is to much stuff going on that you need to even play this game. for one you need so many accounts and passwords, you need to use your CD key on a site not of steam and that site does not always work with your defoult web broswer. so im going to only recommend this game if you have litrally time to waste setting it up to not be able to play it."
,Not Recommended,306130,17275392,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Trivago,"And it is said after 3 years of waiting, my access code is still no where to be found."
76561198165297722,Not Recommended,306130,17637630,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,BERSERKERART,I wish it was more like Skyrim.
,Not Recommended,306130,32409997,Posted: 14 June,all,Dino Grubb,couldnt even play the game :(
,Not Recommended,306130,18913628,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Buldinn 🐏 (That Sheep),"Taken directly from my Steam Support refund ticket""Nothing about this game is what it was advertised to be. I continuously have to tell myself ""It's an Elder Scrolls Game, you'll like it"". It's so basic and underwhelming. I can't stand playing it. The community is dead, everything about this game is a zombie game, it's a game that's barely alive, just shuffling around till it finally decomposes or the developer puts it out of it's misery.To top it all off if I ever wanted to upgrade to the imperial edition, I would have to buy it through the in-game store which costs ""crowns"", making me pay over 20 dollars more than I would normally if I had just bought the Imperial Edition to begin with.The entire game is turrible. Just plain turrible."""
76561198018605586,Not Recommended,306130,19888992,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,BulletToothTony,"This game is horrible. IT NEVER WORKS! I always try to change my username to get it to load, but no! I've never played it! Waste of money! Give my money back Steam!"
76561198083546145,Not Recommended,306130,19902029,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dragor,Good Luck finding a server or just being able to play.
76561198077260120,Not Recommended,306130,17600313,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Hikari,"F***, steam deleted the game from my Laptop!!."
76561198107446398,Not Recommended,306130,18701138,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,max the trash can,"I can see how to some people it may be playable.To me it was the biggest waste of money ever.I downloaded the game three times.1.) Attempt number 1 (was very excited) after creating a login seperate from steam I was not able to login. I tried changing my password, username, etc. Couldn't get in. Deleted game in rage.2.) Attempt number 2 ( Redownloaded for tamriel Unlimited) The game doesn't even start.3.) Attempt number 3 (Redownloaded believing I had fixed it (I had)) Gets into game. Starts game after character creation. Sent immediatley into a chamber of Daedra prince never even mentioned in any of the other games. Notices graphics are bad. Notices character won't stop shaking. Notices powers are bad. Notices storyline has nothing to do with any of the other games.Basically what I'm getting at is compared to previous works by Bethesda (Skyrim, Fallout... ANY OTHER GAME BY THEM) THE GAME IS TRASH."
,Not Recommended,306130,19750443,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Vertarman,"I thought i was buying elder scrolls online, but this is not it. it is the best logging on sim out there i have a whole 8.5 hrs just trying to log on to this♥♥♥♥♥♥ finally log on and walk about 50ft and the error occurs and logs off, or it tells me that i have entered the wrong password which i hvae not, reset it any way AND ITS STILL ♥♥♥♥ING INCORRECT WTF!!!! ABSOLUTE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,306130,23230426,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,My Summer Spider,"Not worthy of an Elder Scrolls title,if you have trouble sleeping than this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,306130,23192799,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,YaBu,you can chat with others in the game but that's it. There are no mission or scenario need to play with others. All I need to do is kill the mission required target and return to the NPC or even talk with NPC all the time.Good thing is that you can play whenever you like to but bad thing is that you feel like you are playing offline game all the time. This game needs to improve a lot especially on game playing and coo mission.
76561198083454893,Not Recommended,306130,24145022,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Dylan Klebold,It's okay if you accept the fact that its 20 times worse than most other elder scrolls game and the only way to play it is with other people.
76561198150171814,Not Recommended,306130,23527319,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,sashanova,"I paid more for this game than I would usually, as I normally wait for them to go on sale. but this game I spent over 60 dollars on and only was able to play it once. Since then it refuses to load, regardless how many times its been repaired, uninstalled/reinstalled, ran as admin, etc. I've researched and tried all the supposable fixes but none of them have worked. I feel really ripped off and sad as Skyrim is my all time favorite game, and this, well this was just a huge letdown."
76561198060513522,Not Recommended,306130,17836944,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Budz Green Monster,This game I would say is good if you like grinding . atleast they make it fully voiced because i need to know a 10min long dieolog for killing 10 pigs
,Not Recommended,306130,23434192,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,This is my HERO,"I CAN'T ***king play this game!Tried so many ways to get this game to launch but not successful!I had to delete and redownload this game 4 times already..I'm using windows 10...Here's what happed to me...First bought it from steam during discount, downloaded it (took me a whole night)when it finished downloading, I hit play and it opened a new tab from zenimax andsaid "" the elder scroll online is installing"" then when it reached 100%...nothing happened...ToTNo even a launcher... I've tried so many things and found out that there were many other people having the ***king same issues... I've summited this issue to ESO support and they only reply using ""auto-reply"" and suggested me to...1. Check my spec.2. REMOVE the damn GeForce software and reinstall it3. Turn off AVG...which all of these didn't help me...still couldn't play.Tried so many other things that many forums suggested me to do...It's HOPELESSThis's my first ANGRY review on steam ever... (couldn't say it's a review 'coz I haven't even get o play the damn game!)"
76561198108507318,Not Recommended,306130,24510435,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sherlock,"cant get it to run, tired everything , dns flush, updated all my drivers, port forwarding,disabling nvidea streaming services, changed settings, repaired the game multiple times, removed and re-install abode falsh (for some reason?) everything! and this is a 2 week old solid state drive, it runs perfectly. i havnt had a crash yet with the only one other game i have on the drive (total war warhmmer). and yet my mate has 0 issues, he would log my character through his computer and load me into new areas and then i could play.. until i hit a new area. then i would get booted back to the login.. everytime, and then it wouldnt log me in again.. very occassionally it would let me in, i would play without problems, until the next area needed to be loaded, i like the game, but cant recommend it based on my experience.asking for a refund."
76561198088488011,Recommended,306130,19962853,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TheDarkSide0,.
76561198323510477,Not Recommended,306130,34746117,Posted: 4 September,all,FairPhyllis,I have never played the game. After clicking play on the launcher it acts like it is going to load then crashes. I really liked skyrim to bad online doesn't work. My computer meets all requirements . . .  all i wanted was Marrowind :(
,Not Recommended,306130,30560072,Posted: 16 March,all,benainsworth,Best Elder Scrolls game. Even better than Morrowind. /s
,Not Recommended,306130,31717605,Posted: 13 May,all,👻🎃FormalSquid🎃👻,"I bought the gold edition and boy, was that a mistake. I regret even buying this boring sack of crap. It's a generic mmo with a lazily elder scrolls liscence on it. After the 2 hour installation, (That I have to install after I have installed this game, which is stupid.) I played around 10 minutes of it. Boy, was it boring. I chose an argonian, and that was the most fun I had. Making my character. I soon found out that the only F***ING REASON I BOUGHT THE GAME WASN'T EVEN IN IT! I bought the game for the chance to go to Black Marsh, the homeland of my favorite TES race, Argonians. And I figured I could maybe get it if it was on the dlc page on the steam store, nope. I checked the dlc thing, and I had to buy the stupid F***ING CROWNS TO GET THE DLC! Also, I checked the crown store, to get a Guar mount, a dinosaur looking thing, you need 1,000 crowns. The dlc is 5,000 crowns. AKA: $39.99 US. That is nearly the cost of the game. Also, when I submitted my refund, I checked the steam page for this poor excuse for an Elder Scrolls game, and it mentioned that it had ""no supscription"" Right above that was the membership. That is how much these developers care about you. I used to love Bethesda, but now, I'm skeptical to get Prey. Don't buy this game. This is a video game version of a YouTube video and thumbnail by a GTA V youtuber. Full of lies and trying to get your money. Seriously, the only good use for this game is to gift it to yout friend as another way to say: ""Screw you."" EDIT: Tamriel Limited is what this pathetic excuse for a game is now known as.EDIT #2: The times in this review aren't perfect. I don't remember how long I played and how long it installed."
,Recommended,306130,11410970,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,REDD3R,"This game is ok, I decided to give it a shot after it was on sale for $30. It doesnt feel like an MMO and doesnt play like a single player game either. There isnt enough structure between the classes, making it impossilbe to differentiate between which class or race I enjoy to play the most. There's not a lot of stuff i can definitively say is wrong with the game but there is nothing I can point out that makes the game worthwhile playing. I have 20 days left on my free first month and I doubt I will be playing it more.Final Thought- The UI bothers me"
,Not Recommended,306130,32672934,Posted: 23 June,all,Marx1338,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU HAVE LIKE 140 GB OF FREE SPACE. I tried to download this, and after the first massive 70 Gb steam download, the laucher wants to download a 87 Gb game. overall, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ download, and if they cant do this right, i think that they wont be more than a moneygrabbing company trying to ride on the success of skyrim. 0/10, do not buy"
76561198142678119,Not Recommended,306130,32244723,Posted: 7 June,all,Lil Nut,"Sad to say that this game was a let down. I've had this game since release and I'm just now doing a review. I have over 400 hrs in the game (i play it on the laucher not through steam) and I have to say it was very disappointing. I was a sub and I got all the dlc stuff Ipaid $100+ because I was so excited for the game. The missions are a let down, the factions are a let down, the combat is a let down, the graphics of wood is a let down. There is no issue in completing quests. I play this game solo and not once did i need help completeing something. Because this is an online game it should have about a team cooperation but it is a let down. It is overpriced and doesn't meet the demands. It even break some of the lore. It is just a bad game and it just contradicts parts of the lore. I do not recommend the game. It also takes a long♥♥♥♥♥time to download and update (because the map is so large and so many quests). They spent too much time trying to add a ton of quests instead of actually working on the quality of the quests.Pros: MMOGraphicsCons: Breaks loreterrible questspricecoop is almost non existant"
76561198189496628,Not Recommended,306130,28369417,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Wourlock6669,So far I Dont think it is worth The $$
76561198001975184,Not Recommended,306130,24781690,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Codeine Pusheen,"An elder scrolls MMO sounds perfect. And it would be, if it were anything like an elder scrolls game. Its a watered down version of skyrim. While its prety technically sound, and plays well, its just not that interesting. The elder scrolls games were supposed to make you really feel like you were a part of a living world, with loads to do and secrets to find. ESO falls to the same plague of many other online games: it feels static and guided. You dont feel like youre discovering tamriel with other people, it feels like youre running through a mmo and people are there too.Its a decent mmo all things considered but it just wasn't what it should have been. Quests are repetetive. Not very immersive. Its a pretty cookie cutter mmo with some gimmicks to it. Writing was decent, really enjoyed the books scattered throughout, but npc interactions felt a bit overdone at times.ESO is just not outstanding enough to recommend, given what it costs and what it very easily could have been."
76561198010970916,Recommended,306130,11380615,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,The Salty Spitoon,Literally drains all of my time. Its an addiction I can't get away from. Ruins my outside life. 11/10. Better than COD.
76561197975943842,Recommended,306130,11437221,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Nikdik,I noticed a lot of negative reviewers say the game sucks yet they have 50+ hours logged into the game. Most AAA games only have 12 hours of original content. This just goes to show how delusional some of the gaming community has become.
,Recommended,306130,19324707,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,m lyes,is ok
76561198283670880,Not Recommended,306130,32861786,Posted: 27 June,all,DrinkingRIPA,"I HAVE HAD ENOUGH WITH BETHESDA, SKYRIM DID NOT WORK AND JUST GOT ELDER SCROLLS ONLINE AND ALL DLC, ENTERED ALL MY DETAILS INCLUDING MY EMAIL AND GET NO CONFOMATION EMAIL BACK.CAN NOT LOG IN TO WEB SITE TO GET HELP,( NOT THAT I COULD FIND IT ). i,VE HAD ENOUGH!"
76561198108259093,Recommended,306130,17056317,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,crazygiantboss,he crash by login plz help me i want to play this
,Recommended,306130,34537124,Posted: 27 August,all,Doprah Winfrey,I meannnn... Its no World of Warcraft. >.<I slay me...
76561198208360033,Not Recommended,306130,31731120,Posted: 13 May,all,KaMaLloZzI,"I understand that this is not Skyrim, but that is the only game I actually enjoyed, and I wanted this soooo much to be like Skyrim with my friends.  Maybe I got my hopes unreasonably high, but this game is the worst.  It takes no skill.  I understand they are trying to cater to new players, so everyone can join in and tackle a boss many levels higher than you, but it sucks.  No skill needed, but run in and press the same key over and over with your friends, and whala!  You win.  Not fun.  Would not recommend."
76561198069521590,Not Recommended,306130,31583214,Posted: 6 May,all,Caellum The Great,♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ youwhy the hell do you have free to play problems IN A 40 DOLLAR GAMEFIX YOUR♥♥♥♥♥
76561198212657072,Recommended,306130,26676681,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,recore67,:)
,Not Recommended,306130,30989193,Posted: 6 April,all,yealolwut,kind of only fun if you have friends to play it with. otherwise i can get annoying and boring
,Recommended,306130,23675671,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Dkace,"If you like bad MMO's that it would of been better off if not made, then this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,306130,31349039,Posted: 24 April,all,djinnxy,"This is the mmo using the name of the greatest single player series made that is standing in the way of a 6th installment to the series. Nuf said.As far as mmo's go, it is a pretty good game. Realistically though, there is no such thing as free to play. Expect to pay to get  more than a passing glimpse at the game because of storage and a few other issues. It is an mmo so you should know ahead of time say goodbye to your spending money and most of your free time if not all to get much out of it.One of the great points to the single player series is that you level a character based on skills you use and there are (at least before skyrim er oblivion or whatever a lot of skills.) This one has classes with a few skills. The end. It winds up being more of a gear grinder, which is ok if that is what your game is... like say... diablo. As far as character progression on it's own goes this one feels really shallow.It has quite a bit of crafting, but see paragraph 2 about storage. My biggest peave about the crafting is alchemy just is meh. In the single player it is the go to OP skill.If you aren't extremely active don't expect to be in a guild that gets a store bid every week so you can actually sell things and have money. In some cases you can get away with only logging in once a week for a few hours and still sell the minimum required by the guilds that successfully bid locations with stores that actually sell anything. There is no auction house so expect to spend a lot of time searching for that one piece to finish a set every few levels.The game has its good points. The combat is pretty good and there are lots of areas to explore. Some of the boss battles are innovative and fun. They leave you feeling like you accomplished something and sometimes even drop something useful. There is a great variety of enemies. It is story and lore rich.All in all if you know what you're getting into with an mmo it is worth it, but because of paragraph one and its many other  faults I can't give it a positive recommendation."
,Not Recommended,306130,31350032,Posted: 24 April,all,ChristyLynn,"Make sure you check and DOUBLE check the system requirements before buying!I thought my system was JUST good enough, but they first suggested that I switch to a 64-bit operating system (which is NOT an option for me), then, after a WEEK of auto-replies from their poor excuse for a ""support team"" they finally replied saying that my system is ""under the minimum requirements"" and that they are ""unable to assist further."" I don't know how they can assist ""further"" when they never attempted to assist in the first place. I also don't understand how my system can handle Skyrim with 100+ mods, but not this!I'm out. Requesting a refund."
76561198249217442,Not Recommended,306130,32774084,Posted: 25 June,all,jlhuff93,installed had to uninstall because hitting play didnt do anything in the launcher. typical pos bethesda game messed up from the get go
76561198141370633,Recommended,306130,17481261,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Egghopper,GG
,Not Recommended,306130,31824558,Posted: 18 May,all,B0NGL0RD,piece of crap.. worked once but hasnt worked since... its bull i cant get a refund and this problem simply wont fix
76561198014115846,Not Recommended,306130,17909005,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,BQUAQ,"bought game full price, still have to pay for random junk all the time if you want to keep playing the way it was supposed to"
,Not Recommended,306130,19505879,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,FlexedCaesar26,i could not even sign ♥♥♥♥ing sucks
,Not Recommended,306130,22706068,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Apple Crumble,"i don't really know why, maybe because this game has an mmo feel, but i did not fell as emersed as i did in skyrim. i just did not find it like an rpg. it felt kinda rushed in a way. like all the enemy placement was there so they wre easy to find and exp farm rather than for an over all fun expierience. sorry for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review as i did not put much thought into it :P"
,Not Recommended,306130,24172068,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,destroyer_panda,"I tried this game before on beta and I couldn't even play it at all. Now, I figured oh the game is fixed and give it an extra shot and it happened to me again. I cannot play it at all because of the stupid access code I have to put in to play the game and I tried it 5 times to get it sent to my email.Literally unplayable."
76561198174004781,Recommended,306130,16565340,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,LeonHDGamer,the game scamed me £50.00 and it doesnt even work it says your login info was incorrect please help
76561198157884652,Not Recommended,306130,19297965,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,vladi.b716,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ON STEAM!!!! you wont be able to log into the ESO website and you will not get your money back either.....I AM♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198243824234,Not Recommended,306130,21534780,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Amber ◕‸ ◕,"Alright, well unfortunately I was unable to play this game, not because of my computer but because it took two full days to download. Once it FINALLY finished downloading, I tried pressing play and it didn't work, looking it up I saw that people had similiar issues, tried opening it as an admin and it would show an error telling me to REINSTALL the game. Keep in mind this took two FULL days to download. Looks like a great game, but there is no way I am spending that much time into reinstalling the game. Tried repairing and the same popped up. I am done, what a waste of 100$.Fml."
,Not Recommended,306130,22729215,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,KuntaoDaChump,"Pretty cool game, but not near as cool and addicting as Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim"
,Not Recommended,306130,23131369,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Saint [TEC] Walker,"Quite honestly i can't give ESO a recommendation to others. The combat feels clunky and far too floaty amongst melee and as most enemies will be using melee weapons you'll experience this whether you prefer to melee or not. For ranged users the options are extremely limited and most classes have class abilities that still tether you to a fairly sort range. While the sound design is wonderful it's brought down severly by what seems like a graphical *downgrade* to the last Elder Scrolls game - Skyrim. The dialogue is well-voiced but falls prey to the MMO style of dialgoue where I and many other players don't care at all to listen to what the NPC is going to say. Honestly, if you like RPGs that really immerse you and have a lot of content, do yourself a favor and go buy Skyrim, Elder Scrolls Online just doesn't have the substance to keep me interested in playing."
76561198134578512,Not Recommended,306130,24190731,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Phil Coati,"I played this game for a short time and really enjoyed it, however, the game is not stable when playing with graphics cards... or something along those lines. It is a widespred problem that the game crashes (sometimes after a few seconds) and then goes to a black screen. I cannot recomend this game because of this reason.Before buying I would recomend Googling ESO black screen because it is not just me."
,Not Recommended,306130,32970259,Posted: 28 June,all,lobosan,"Warcraft grind-dread set in so soon. I don't know what I expected from a standard MMO. Sorry, my bad."
,Not Recommended,306130,33046734,Posted: 30 June,all,Unclechubby,Whatever you do....DO NOT loose your account credentials.I cant get into my account because I dont remember my secret question answer.Costomer service takes DAYSSSSSSSS to solve any kind of problem.Otherwise a pretty good game.Wont be buying Morrowind because I cant log into my account so Icant review on that.AGAIN DO NOT LOOSE YOUR ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS.!!!!!!!!!
76561198040913902,Recommended,306130,22342169,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Y2Jus10B,Fun Game although I still like World of Warcraft better!
76561198095516238,Not Recommended,306130,18475637,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,jonwshaffer,"After 100 hours the game began to have seripous problems.  After many Errors in the 100's and 200's it dumped about a third of its content and quit launching.  When  I add it all up I have about $250 of your games that do not work.  Port Royal 2, Port Royal 3, Tomb Raider, X Plane 10 Global, and Patrician IV.  Fool that I am I blamed myself instead of you, but I've learned my lesson the hard way.  I wouldn't recommend you to anybody unless I really disliked them.after"
,Not Recommended,306130,19527228,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Snowball™,Ill change my review after I get to play the game... I have 25 hours logged on this game of waiting for the launcher to do the initail patch. Downloaded all through the day and night and now its at 95% with 2000 mb left downloading at 20 kb a second...
76561198124343881,Not Recommended,306130,19974773,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,altayaphoenix,i am using the mac waited 5 hours for the game to install clicked play and crashes with a black screen.go to main menu and says its the best MMO of 2015 what ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.first elder scrolls i have ever bought and will be my last.what makes me laugh though is we pay for the game expecting that our money you recive to fund any problems we are having yet you have games which are free on here that seem to run fine ???
,Not Recommended,306130,24087686,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Al Gore,"""Meh"""
,Not Recommended,306130,19536216,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Clave,"Oh, prepare yourself for this review.This review will not even be about the game because I didn't even get to that point. I paid for the game, downloaded it (if you do not have a fast internet speed, this might take some time), after downloading the game I downloaded the updates through the launcher, and then tried to launch the game. The first error I got was about missing the d3dx9_43.dll. Ok, so I googled several options to be able and fix that error, did some tinkering, and then tried again. Another error, different this time, appeared saying the launcher needed to be closed in order to work. I tried that and it proceeded to not work again.At this point I was a bit frusturated. I get that not ever game download was to be smooth, but this was a very poor first impression on the game, not to mention the lack of help available online for the first error about the missing d3dx9_43.dll. At this point, it was a matter of uninstalling and installing the game several time thus wasting an abundance of time with no effect. Eventually, the launcher would open but it would just be stuck at the loading screen with no sign of advancing. So, recap, without even entering the game I had encountered three errors with the set up of the game on my computer.In the end, I uninstalled it and put in a request fora refund from Steam which they promptly gave me. If you're going to get this game, be prepared as you could be victim to this frusturating process. What a pity."
,Not Recommended,306130,19666423,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Madbat,"I caved duruing the sale. While it has nice graphics and interesting skills, and combat, it has the same old grind as WoW and Rift. I played the beta, and was hoping I'd see an improvement but after just under 4 hours in I'm bored stiff of the same constant grind for levels and gear.Not for everyone."
76561198031627045,Not Recommended,306130,20025079,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,crackersnatcher,"Yes I would buy this for 23 bucks. 7-10. Free to play is a plus. It is however pay to win. You need like 10k gold for a horse. I feel alot of people buy the mounts with their cash because you are just so slow and vulnerable on foot. Expect the heavy grind. I found it usfull just to pick up every weapon I saw for decounstruction. I cant imagine gathering with the limmited slots. Pvp hasnt really changed at all since the beta. Capital city cant be used for pvp. The Pvp zone does have some things, but I felt it was mostly barren. Update the pvp zone or throw in demonic attacks and sim city. Easily boost game value."
76561198001650693,Not Recommended,306130,24265316,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,knut94,"For all people who like to write good and long reviews:Write  a short review. Edit the review. Copy and paste your long review.There is no error message if your review is too long and they make you think it is visible!Ok, here the review:I can't recommend this game. Alot of stuff in this game is really really cool, like the environment graphics and the lighting orthe looks of the spells, but there are sooo many things that should be fixed:1. you are going to run/ride/click unnecessary often - the transport system feels like they actually want you to waste your time going from point a to point b. It's possible to go directly to points on the map without using a wayshrine, but that costs gold, which I don't understand at all. Forcing players to use those crappy wayshrines that lead to load screens makes the playing experience ridiculous grindy.Also not having all together, like you are in town and only have to go into a menu to visit different institutions like banks, guild traders, taverns, etc makes the game unnecessary time-consuming. The first 20 hours it may be cool to explore towns, but i am getting really annoyed being forced to manually run to all institutions without the possibility of a shortcut. If they would drop this fee for going directly to points on the map and make towns less tedious the game would be 200% better instantly, especially for players like me that don't want to spend 6 hours everyday on a game only to have a shot at levelling up.At first i wanted to stop here, to i want to explain this detailed, because this annoys me the most:you are in a town, you want to go to a banker, you hit M for map, you find the banker, you walk in front of the bank door, you hit key E, load screen, you are in the bank. Takes up to 4 minutes, just to make a single action in the game.This should be way, way easier, like:you are in a town, you want to go to a banker, you hit M for map, you click on the bank building on the map, short load screen, bam - you are inside the bank. Takes 2 seconds. Of course this shouldn't be possible if you have stolen or are in a town filled with enemies.Also I don't understand how there are so many doors and obstacles. Is it really that difficult to implement going through doors without load-screens in 2016? Especially if the room you are going in is like 10 squaremeters with 6 objects and two persons. This is not a clever game design at all.2. alot of elements in this game are not skill oriented. While the quests aren't bad in any way, i don't like being forced to do them in order to gain more experience than if i had moved freely. That contradicts the open-world character the game has. I find myself just going from person A to person B, clicking alot on the E key and searching on the compass/map for person C, only to get send back to person A, which takes no skill, just the ability to stay awake. This is what you seem to get the most experience points from.3. the controls could be improved. The map could be an overlay instead of covering my screen. Inventory should be searchable and sortable, also grid view without installing addons would be nice. Climbing and diving are practically impossible. Funny to imagine that our hero isn't able to climb over a 3 meter wall or get on a dock which is 1 meter over the water. Again, alot of unnecessary wasted time for the player just to get from point a to point b in a lot of situations.4. pay-to-win or grind-to-win are the only options. If you buy the basic game, you are basically getting ripped off, because sooner or later you are going to pay for the ESO-plus membership, because of stuff like crafting bags, horses, DLCs and so on. I don't think a monthly subscription is bad at all and i don't think buying expansions is bad at all, but putting players that just have the basic game into a drastic disadvantage to those who have bought the imperial edition or have the eso-plus is not right in my opinion. They shouldn't sell the basic game at all, to make it fair. If you buy the basic game, you will want to buy either a dlc or the subscription sooner or later, if you take it serious. I think there are games out there that give you alot more bang for your buck than ESO. The way the pricing is and the way they try to make money off the players makes me personally mistrust the developers."
76561198095735731,Not Recommended,306130,17246104,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ryian89,yeap spent 40 bucks on the game and cant play it i can log in the website but not the game soo whats the problem ?
76561198087008733,Not Recommended,306130,22282060,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Commando,asd
76561198071479869,Not Recommended,306130,25629916,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,xXPureInsanityXx,Tried to install twice. Told me my 1TB free HDD space wasn't enough. Wish me luck on getting a refund. Buy straight from ESO site
,Recommended,306130,25281982,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Corbinator. [the stimulator],"wow i am so excited to tell you guys how this game is for mefirst off, it is pretty decent, it will surely take the time away from you...second off, im getting hungry ill be back in a second to write the review some more..."
76561198322620407,Not Recommended,306130,29909322,Posted: 13 February,all,Edgarky,"Installing this for 7 hours now and its still at applying patch 26 %, and redownloading the whole 56 gb game...and despite i put my steam library on a huge external hard disk, ESO is eating up my internal C drive, running low on space,, was 120 gb free, now its 20,,wtf is going on ??? I dont feel like playing it anymore,, wasted 25 good euros,,,IDK if it was a 50 % sale, still not worth the long install time wait and all this nonsense"
,Not Recommended,306130,27752125,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kieri,"This is my personal opinion on this matter:It's all a bit bland.The graphics remind me of Dungeon Siege (Released 2002), and the combat is nowhere near as good. The controls don't always register and the overall effect is of a cheap remake of a much earlier game, albeit with a larger world. The fast travel mechanic is all but gone - only able to travel to travel beacons - and while you have a horse, nowhere does it tell you how to ride it (H by the way).The soundtrack (Which is barely noticable) is nothing to write home about either.However my view is not finalised; I hope that the game might improve once I can work out how to get out of the Kajiit lands.All in all I am quite dissatisfied with the game. 4/10EDIT: After playing this game for a while as a different alliance and with same-level friends, I found it much more enjoyable."
76561198217865647,Not Recommended,306130,26990748,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OneSketchyGuy,"♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME!!!!Okay now that I have your attention let me explain; this game is a whopping 56 gigebytes, and it took me personally 2 days to download fully, I then updated the game, but it had an error, so I verified the files, and they were all corrupt, at least according to steam they were. Here's the thing, steam and Zenimax are not friends, in any sense of the word, in fact you might say that steam only has the game on their library because zenimax wants to play nice. Steam can't read the files after you've updated the game, so DONT VERIFY YOUR FILES. Once you get the game to launch, you might notice you can't launch it from Steam itself, another ♥♥♥♥ you from Zenimax. You see what I had to do was go into the local files, and rename two folders, one called Elder_scrolls_Online, the other Elder_scrolls_Online(steam), I swapped the names, relaunched steam as administrator, and it launched just fine, THIS IS HOW I DID IT THIS DOESNT MEAN IT'LL WORK FOR YOU. Now forums don't hardly help, only give you a head ache, and the customer support essentially tells you to go buy the game from zenimax instead of steam. If you can't login, be sure you are launching from steam, not just the launcher.Any way, once I finally got the game to WORK, it played fine, it doesn't live up to skyrim, but it's a good game so far, I like it. I would not however recomend any one buy it from steam, that is a terrible idea. Now, if you do get it all to work, enjoy, it's fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,306130,30031983,Posted: 19 February,all,☾ ☽ Dee  ☾ ☽,not my type of game    my hopes were something like skyrim or oblivion-morrowind like   thing but this is basicly World of warcraft with a elder scrolls reskin and some lore friendly names in all honesty
,Not Recommended,306130,35352571,Posted: 30 September,all,Frost,"Could have been better at release, but as a new player, I give up already. You can't expect me to play till level 20 and I still don't understand what skills and abilities to choose, what makes other players strong and what exactly to play for. Look, the core aspect of the game is to play PVP and that's what pulled me in. Well guess what, servers are mostly empty for PVP and you pretty much have to rely on peak hours. This is like Mario Kart Games where you actually have to get other players to get things started. Not for new players and a total disgrace to the elder scrolls.Don't give me the 'don't expect rpg gaming like Skyrim' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I played the whole elder scrolls series. The combat system is so ♥♥♥♥ed up like a ♥♥♥♥ing food chain. You have 99% chance of losing against a hero built around stealth and escape if you play with a 2h Tank, so why even duel these people? You actually have to look for someone you can defeat easily to be able to duel, and what is the guarantee they'll accept?ESO just tried its hand too hard at building an MMORPG. No wonder I don't even understand the order of DLC releases and what they do."
76561198109504016,Not Recommended,306130,31184424,Posted: 16 April,all,Clae,"The game refuses to work on my steam account, and i ended up buying a second copy because i wanted to give it another chance. it worked, but i never got a refund and im still kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,306130,11390968,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,BrandonG777,"I admit I was a bit disappointed when I realized this was not Skyrim Online but rather the next evolution of World of Warcraft (which has similar mechanics to other MMOs out there) but once you get over that and give ESO a chance to stand on it's own two feet it's great experience with friends. But if you are a solo player, Skyrim is probably the better game for you. Don't let the negative reviews influence you, we love it and you should judge for yourself but just realize it's not Skyrim Online.This is my third copy of the game, so wish they would do some sort of family plan but we're still getting our moneys worth and would also be nice if they allowed free use of the client for my other two non-steam versions of the game. You can use existing accounts on the Steam version but since we only have 1 steam version, only one player can use the Steam client."
,Not Recommended,306130,12783122,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,KingDoogan,"Well i wasted $40 on this crap. you cant go to many places and the map is small. you don't really know where to go and what the main quests are, because who ever you talk to gives you a quest. they're really short quests as well. 10/10 would not buy again. very avrage game.I'm a huge bethesda fan and always will be. this was just dissapointing. It was a good gesture but it was a flop.(update) no monthly subscription but i still stand by what i said. Not worth 60gbs of space."
,Recommended,306130,11525105,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Spazzy321456,"I'll make this quick. It's certainly a hit or miss when it comes to the fans. You either enjoy it, or you don't. There is no 'ehh it's okay'.Likes:The PvP is incredible and ahows a lot of potential for even more content in it.Dislikes:The PvE was horrifying, but you know what?  PvE has always been horrifying to me in EVERY MMO. But, in reality, I could manage to PvE just to level(unlike majority of the games I played in which i would level up thropugh PvP.I'd give it a shot. They are constantly coming out with new content for the tree huggers because those are the ones babbling on about no pve content."
76561198068738518,Not Recommended,306130,23724652,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,afield42,"Terible game, level progression is annoyingly slow even for someone who doesn't mind grinding out quests/marterials etc. Game play is slow and the updates take for ever to download even at my super fast downlaod rate. Graphics look good but guild wars better by far.If you liked the later offerings from the Elders Scroll franchise you may like it but trading is a ball ache and training crafting skills is basically pointless and tedious. The speach system and comms system need work to make more user friendly and quicker."
,Recommended,306130,12560474,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Mandelius,"I will admit that, at first, I had played the beta, and that the game at that time was awful. I decided to come back and play once again to find that zenimax had listened to their beta testers about the game, and fixed many of the flaws. Mind you, this is not skyrim 2.0 as it would be close to impossible to do that, but it is a really great game. The combat is great now as where in the beta it was terrible. You now feel like you are hitting the enemies and that there is damage bieng done. Also, this game no longer has npcs as non physical objects which means you can't just walk through them. The game also makes the starting zones which, were mandatory before, not mandatory. This is good because the story goes leaps and bounds better once you are out of there. As for lore-breaking claims, the second era of the elder scrolls universe in which this takes place has lore that is muddled at best according to the original lore. Therefore, it is not lore breaking. I am glad that I can do one really great thing that really sets this apart from wow (which it is far from wow) and that is the fact that you can travel solo, or you can actually choose to be in a group. In wow, you pretty much need others."
,Not Recommended,306130,11303594,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,anhnv,"Really disappointed in this game appearance, spent 29 $ and after download then don't play it. I am looking to contact steam refund orders purchased."
,Recommended,306130,11575575,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Suku260,Awesome game!
,Recommended,306130,11397838,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,thelazysword,"There was an issue with cd keys but since that has been resolved this game has been nothing but funSure it's not totally like skyrim something just like skyrim wouldn't have worked for an mmo.I think they did a good job on making it feel like an mmo while having elder scrolls elementsI especially love the action combat.Crafting, especially blacksmithing, is also very fun.Edit: Now that subscription is gone, this game is basically a must buy, absolutely worth the fhe one time buy."
76561198069573650,Recommended,306130,11497681,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,BIG SPICY MEAT,awesome
76561197998178321,Not Recommended,306130,24689670,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,mistmind,"You will need a high spec system to run this and even then there is no guarantee that you won't crash or lag in a boss fight or PvP ( I can run Elite Dangerous on my system with no problem but Elder Scrolls servers are not up to group player traffic.... which is just as well because the built in Group Finder tool doesn't work and the manual grouping is temperamental at best).The main PvE storyline was immersive and well thought out but sadly once a player reaches level 50 there is little new of interest. The DLC expansions have gone from mediocre to shoddy, they seem rushed and poorly executed - the base game quests were well thought out but the DLC quests made me feel that Zenimax just wanted the cash but didn't feel obliged to put any time or effort into content.At first glance PvP offers many possibilites for end game but is beset with flawed mechanics, game breaking bugs, built in exploitable flaws and no cheat detection serverside  (players can run 'Cheat Engine' seemingly without consequence).A brief look through the ESO forums indicates that Zenimax has done little or nothing to address game flaws that were coded into the initial release.Don't throw any money at this donkey, it promises so much but you will end up frustrated and feeling cheated."
,Recommended,306130,11296410,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,VictorBravo,"As a person who has been a fan of the series since Morrowind, it seemed only logical to try The Elder Scrolls Online. On one side, I was deeply skeptical of the game. Afterall, this would be the first time the Elder Scrolls series would ever go online. Additionally, I feared it would follow in the footsteps of World of Warcraft, a game I enjoyed for a time but quickly grew tired of. On another side, I was excited due to the enormous game world and ability to play with friends. This would be the first time since The Elder Scrolls I: Arena that we would be able to traverse across much of Tamriel.Once I got a hold of the game, I quickly began to like the it. The main story is very well-written and compelling. The faction quests had me hooked, and the limitless things you can do has startled me, a long term Elder Scrolls fan. That said, it is necessary to dissolve some of the issues that people have been talking about. It is important to note that this is not Skyrim Online. If that is what you want, then it is not here I am afraid.Rather than bringing online functionality to Skyrim or any of the previous Elder Scrolls games, Zenimax has brought Elder Scrolls as a whole to the MMO world. There is a huge difference between the two. It means that much of what you have in an MMO has been incorporated, and it is important to understand that some of the liberties we had in the previous games will not be present due to this fact. This does in no way mean you get a linear game. On the contrary, this game allows you to explore and quest at your own pace. Just remember that there are a few minor limitations that you may have to get used to if you are not an MMO fan.Lastly, the game has vastly improved since I first bought  it, and I expect it to continue to improve in the coming days. This game is a fantastic game in its early years with great questing, fantastic graphics and landscapes, and exciting PvP. I strongly recommend it to people who love MMO's and the Elder Scrolls series. Not one or the other, but both. Happy questing!Score: 7/10"
,Recommended,306130,11478252,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Taurus,"Best game ever made.-edit-The previous review is still true however unhelpful. I gave that review while the game was new and I was over exited. Looking back now, at the time of that review, the game was not that good and the popular opinion was that it was a failure. But I stuck with it because I wanted this game to be successful. More accurately I wanted the game to stamp out WOW. (I know, no chance, but it would've be nice.) Then update 6 came and the quality of this game sky rocketed. It's been quite a while since update 6 and the game has only improved.It is 100% better than WOW; the quests are diverse rather than kill X amount of monsters. (Doesn’t feel ""grindy"")It is 100% better than The Division; there is WAAAY more to do in PVE and the PVP actually has a purpose beyond finding loot. Sorry division, ran out of stuff to do in your game after hitting lvl 30 :(The community is fantastic.The soundtrack is awesome.Something about the environments makes you want to be there for real.The UI is very easy to use. (Maybe not as good looking as the division but still nice) however I will say that they have added so much to the ""in game"" UI now that I can't find a spot for my mini map add-on anymore.I was a little worried that it would be pay to win when they introduced ESO Plus accounts but they did a good job at keeping the game fair.And the updates just keep coming with more great stuff!Only thing I can say that might put some people off is that if you want to do well in PVP finding a ""build"" for your character can be really complicated but there's lots of guides online about that.Overall great game, probably best MMORPG out there."
76561198042603542,Recommended,306130,11645072,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,LosLobos617,Best mmo  I have ever played.
,Recommended,306130,11787227,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Hayz^yA,I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of with it cos it keeps bloody crashing for no reason
,Not Recommended,306130,17850196,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,gatomon5,"if you liked skyrim's ability to sneak anywhere, steal from anyone, steel anything, mod anything, be a dragonborn, or be the greatest hero in the land. then dont buy this game. this is not skyrim this is wow in the Elder Scrolls univers.you play as a samey feling generic hero as everybody elsey. the sence of scale is gone as well as every body has mounts and thay are all on them all the time. last but not least just incace you want to be onle of thows f@ckers that dus not earn ther gear ther is a real $ in game currency that will help whith that. all in all go replay skyrim you will have more fun it will not cost you a arme and a leg and you will not be looking at hourse butt when trying to talk to your quest person."
,Not Recommended,306130,22905398,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Rogelio,"So boring... It's just.. doesn't feel right. The content is there, but it's not capturing. It's just a to-do-list game. Play Skyrim or wait for the real new elder scrolls. Not a World of Warcrap look-alike."
,Recommended,306130,11494453,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Drake,I like it
76561198119187780,Not Recommended,306130,14748115,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,batman,Spent 17+ hours downloading 40 GB to install game then to download that again in patches.Try to turn on game and critcal failure on launch.Currently wasted 3 days of 30 day trial.Click Repair and download another 30 GB.Do not purchase to play in the same weekend.Would kill download limit again........nope.
76561197981512074,Not Recommended,306130,25836377,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,diztortion,"You will realize that every update Zenimax does will only possibly fix one part of the game but break five other things. You should also realize the problems are most likely not on your end but with Zenimax and their busted game. Reinstalling this massive game to try and fix your individual problem most likely will not work and takes a massive amount of time and bandwidth. You could always try their amazing support *sarcasm. These login problems and infinite load screens have been around for years. A patch will temporarliy fix the problems for some, make the game unplayable again for others. To play this game without headache and heartache you have to pray to the Zenimax gods your entire systems hardware, software, settings all align perfectly with what they think their game requires. The only game I have played where I have to constantly babysit forums to make sure I'm not the only one encountering some ongoing game breaking bug. Recently reinstalled, played for 30 mins...load into a city infinite loading screen bug. Check ESO forums...yup still a problem for a lot of people. Fixes? Support sends out same generic fixes. Works for some people, doesn't work for others..hmmm what else is new.*Look at Zenimax forums and steam forums for this game.  My review is completely valid.  Check recent forums....oh look an update once again breaks the game for tons of players.  Workarounds posted....works for some...doesn't work for others..................same old story."
,Recommended,306130,11352091,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Agony,"Game is great by me i play 6hrs for the 1st time today,game is not like Skyrim this is something new MMO,it cannot be like Skyrim,and stop whining about that.Graphic is great,i dont see any bug so far i am lvl 7,also camera can be 1st person :) if u want can change it just like in skyrim,only one thing is bad,u need 10k golds for first mount to buy,hard to collect.Game is great but it will be f2p it will  ;) until then if u have money spent it on ESO game is great and u will not regret and i know my english is s.it sry."
76561198041591529,Recommended,306130,11553752,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Lot of E's,I recomend this game. The combat system is good  it is a little boring early on but gets a  lot better once you unlock pvp
76561198079511754,Not Recommended,306130,24016476,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Benito_Mussolini,"""You are the ONLY one that can save us!"" the crazy priest says as a hundred other people are lined up ready to hand in the quest...."
,Not Recommended,306130,25896778,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Purple Monkfish,Not good enough to justify the amount of time it spends updating.
76561198033685915,Not Recommended,306130,29112324,Posted: 8 January,all,Fight Club,"No.I recently had to install my OS and install Steam and when attempting to play this game it failed. So I verified cache which reported 400+ files missing, so it downloaded the 56GB!!! again, and then further updates via the game.Played game seemed fine. Then closed game went away, came back and then Steam started a 7.1GB download and updated? Why? Then game went through another update and finally I could play. Played the game, seemed fine. Next day, I launched the game and another 7.1GB update!!! Why!!!So I have decided to abandon this game!!!"
76561198032043102,Not Recommended,306130,16264041,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,westcot86,"If you are the MMO player, Who is in mid season replacement just after the last generation of MMO major blockbustersSuch as Second Life EverQuest 2 WoW entropia universe. It does the job for right now, But it can onliy go so fare of a game that it feels to generic."
,Not Recommended,306130,16342712,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MixFix,"For the Price I don't recomend this game.Its not a Patch on Skyrim,Doesnt come close."
76561198121892984,Not Recommended,306130,22930926,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,NaughtyAlpaca,"The first quest you will be entrusted with is making an account to play the game. Of course each individual account is linked to an individual game key, because Bethesda doesn't want to miss a single penny of your money. Now that I have forgot one of the names I put on my account I am not allowed to play a fully priced game that I payed for. Additionally, DLC is forty dollars for one expansions. You buy this from crowns not money...."
,Not Recommended,306130,23958934,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Devious,"Hello I do not like this game. I've played Skyrim and a bit of Oblivion but this game is just not anything like that.Why you should get this game:1. Looks good, graphics are nice for a MMO that is.2. It's Elder Scrolls.3. It's fun to discover all the things you can doSo reasons you shouldn't get this game:1. All you do is do quests. Not even fun quests that don't make sense they're all save this burning village by healing the villagers but first you have to kill 8 beetles. I'd like more quests from one person not 5 quests from 5 different people because then I complete 1 then have to go back and do the other 4 or I find another on the way and I feel as though I have to do another. It really spreads itself thin in that respect.2. There are microtransactions which you have to buy in order to do any DLC or become a werewolf/Vampire3. All the quests are the same got to level 10 and realized that all I was doing was plunging into some ruins in order to touch a thing then get out of the ruins talk to the guy then get XP and gold.4. There's simply no goal I got to the story mission where it said you had to talk to the prophet and learn about the 5 compainions I did that and found out I had to rescue them all. Yeah no.5. For the same price I could get World of Warcraft and relatively the same subscription rate.6. It's a bad MMO with Elder Scroll's name plastered onto it.7. Combat system in my opinion isn't very good you can basically take down most things just by power attacking it to death and not even using your abilities.8. Finally the download time is absolutely horrible, my wifi is okay but it took from 10:25 pm til 4:36 am so 6 hours of download time I don't know why I decided to stay up until it downloaded but as soon as I did absolute disaster struck. It was applying patches. I honestly just went to bed and downloaded it later that day but that was another 2-3 hours of horror. And that wasn't over then then I created my account that took another hour and by then my playtime was 4 hours without me playing any gameplay. I eventually found on a forum that you had to get the game key and put that onto your ESO account and then you can actually log onto the game.9. The story is way too slow I feel no accomplishment from doing story quests or saving another town from an invasion it's just repetative. No was obtained from doing the quests in this game."
76561198074252988,Recommended,306130,23365672,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Kiyomi,awezome <3
,Not Recommended,306130,34554347,Posted: 28 August,all,vic_robinson7,thinking this was the biggest waste of 10  dollars as I cannot get on to play and I have been through all of the threads and nothing is working and no one is helping. One place says to link accounts and I cant wont let me and the other says I need to buy it well bought it once not buying it again not worth It when I can not even play
,Not Recommended,306130,26401486,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Syl,"3 days to download it through Steam. 3 more hours to download updates through the launcher.2 hours trying to log-in without success cause game bought through Steam.Verified the game files with Steam, 60GB removed. +3 days & 80€ wasted."
,Not Recommended,306130,29862600,Posted: 11 February,all,alpha,Doesn't even make it past launch when it is finished downloading. -1/10 fix this...
76561198114081396,Not Recommended,306130,31856815,Posted: 20 May,all,Xardas Hellcase.com,"Got this game expecting something Identical with Skyrim or at least similar, but no... not even close."
,Recommended,306130,26637221,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Marocan,10 x
,Not Recommended,306130,15042701,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Kiwi,"My friend told me about this game, I never really liked MMO's with the exception of runescape. So that may bias my review. I am only 2 hours into the game and it feels nothing like a game worth being called The Elder Scrolls. I felt Skyrim was one of the greatest games of all time and even a game half as good would make it on my favorites list, I was not excpeting TESO to come close to parralleling the epic single player experience, but still managed to fall beneath my expectations.I will continue to play the game and will edit my review if my mind changes, it is just so hard to get into that I don't even want to try."
,Not Recommended,306130,14334413,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,cruinh,"I've tried to get into ESO several times with different characters.  Including a few in the beta.  I have yet to get more than a few levels into it.  Maybe things suddenly change a dozen levels in but I don't see it.  The early game in ESO is boring, soul-less and bland.  Every time I try to give it another shot I feel like I'm wasting my evening.  For a game that doesn't end, I'm not going to waste more time playing boring content on the off-chance that I might like it better later."
76561198156881349,Not Recommended,306130,13224976,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,X2Venom,Wont let me sign in even though iv entered right password millions of times even created new account and still wont work
,Not Recommended,306130,16186511,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,KyCygni,50 Euro i will never get back.. gutted... Fails to capture the Darkness & Imagination of the Originals...
,Not Recommended,306130,22382436,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,"Dick Bong, Ace of Aces","I've played Skyrim on my Xbox 360 for more than 100 hours and I bought this game because I thought it would be a nice follow up, but I was wrong. The game was overhyped to begin with and was a real letdown. It's too much of a online game for me to enjoy. I like to call this title: Bethesda's Mistake. The first mistake was that it originally had a subscription. The second was to actually make the game. It wasn't a good idea to make the elder scrolls into an online game. I've tried to get into it and I do a couple quests now and again, but I can't find any iron ore or trees around my city! And when I find one some dbag goes up and takes it. 5.5/10 -would not buy again"
,Not Recommended,306130,31053357,Posted: 9 April,all,The King Of The Worms,It won't run do to the steam client for some reason also since you don't get a CD code you can't get it from the ESO website also don't ask them for help either they'll just tell you to buy another copy.
,Recommended,306130,19468645,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,The Prophet,Reviews ain't the thing to judge this game in particular. If you wanna judge the game you have to play it.
76561198040220677,Not Recommended,306130,29708231,Posted: 4 February,all,InsertNameHere,This is not worth it. It is too much of a level grind to get your money
,Not Recommended,306130,17458196,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,NoMercyForStooges,"6/10mediocre""creative"" with the lore, awkward controls for abilities, overall sub par design choices."
76561197993520108,Not Recommended,306130,34621704,Posted: 30 August,all,Sippycup,I bought this game because I loved skyrim. Unfortunately its nothing like it. Biggest dissapointment is how the devs are soaking everyone with inventory slots. What's the point of player housing when you cant even store items in the place. Save your money.
76561198091362354,Not Recommended,306130,17802979,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,codalyesh09,"I dont know if it posted or not so heres the skinny, Cannot loggin reset password 4x to no avail. Not the first time I've had troubles like this with the game. Played 10+ MMOs and this is the only one that ever gave me this much trouble. Game itself isnt bad but all of these tech issues make it very hard to get into, the company needs to get its♥♥♥♥♥♥together"
,Not Recommended,306130,34549239,Posted: 28 August,all,SkellingToN_,the game itself is good but playing solo all the times is just boring especially when u talk to zone and everyone keep ignoring you
76561197966562725,Not Recommended,306130,17940562,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,flyinghitcher,"9 hours.. so far = level 81st impressions are bad. The amount of items annoy me, My inventory soon got filled with objects that make no sense. Bug parts for fishing, carcases, ore, armour, weapons, herbs, ash, potions, and although these stack, the sheer amount is confusing and annoying as a sword takes up just as much room as a flower. Typical MMORPG bull that detracts from immersion. There is some guidance to what some objects do, but if your not sure what something does.. doesn't mean it does nothing. So selling things for 0 coins or destroying them just so you can collect more nonsense is just stupid. Also be careful what you pick up, there is no safety confirmation from stealing, so one mistake means death.. as a guard will hunt you down and kill you for picking up the wrong thing.. how do they know ?? again a break of immersion.The size of the game is pretty huge, It took about 4 hours to download on steam, then 3 days to patch with constant Webget request failed messages.The quest are OK but rather dull. There also hard to find, as there is no quest list in game, so knowing you found them all seems to be just luck. This was either pure lazyness, or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idea of how things should be. The combat is a bit hit and miss. It seems you have very little time to react to incoming damage. Making you wonder.. why did I just die ? Then the repair bill degrades the gear as a penalty - on top of teleporting you to a strange shrine.Be careful in water too, as there is no way to tell if fish will just eat you. You get a message don't swim in deep water.. but, no way to tell if that water is too deep. By the time you notice fish eating you, it's too late to turn around. Also failing damage is too hard to judge which can lead to more accidental deaths.Social factors are lacking too, not one person seems to say anything, and it's a free for all with who ever gets to a chest 1st. So you can kill enemies to clear a way for someone else to run in and loot your hard earned gear. The emotes are good with nice animations but sadly to access them you have to type /dance .. so if you don't remeber the exact wording.. you can't do it.All in all it feels like a poor consul port.Update: All this game seems good for is logging in, getting extra inventry slots via the horse, then logging out again because it has a timed counter stopping you from paying for this all at once..."
76561198244813722,Not Recommended,306130,32214311,Posted: 5 June,all,jsndmac,complete ripoff bethesda should be ashamed dont pay 39 dollors for a game that feels like a F2P
,Not Recommended,306130,33575185,Posted: 15 July,all,KodakPurple,To expensive to enjoy but if they would make it less pay to win it would be great
76561198101610659,Not Recommended,306130,24774845,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,ChinJawRose,the server sucks ive been disconnecting like every 30 mins do something about it plz
76561198057376633,Recommended,306130,11541861,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,CROVV,If you like MMOs this one is very good... at least till Everquest Next is released.
,Not Recommended,306130,23951659,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sir.,90gb
76561198043899204,Recommended,306130,11451024,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Myz,"Edit after F2P:Game is still very fun, you may not like it if you're not into story telling tho, as the game isn't very challenging until about veteran 1, which is past the level cap of 50.There's a cash shop, but don't let it fool you, except some mounts, costume & some XP bonus and some potions ( which aren,t as good as end game potions anyway ) there isn't much in it, if anything, I found it quite empty for a cash shop ! The game is still great.You can pay for a prenium membership ( around 17$ CA for me ) which give you a 10% bonus snd 1500 crowns ( cash shop currency ) per month, 1500 crowns are 17$ in the cash shop, so you pretty much get the bonus experience for free !There was a lot of negative reviews when the game came out, but that was because people expected skyrim online, and this game isn't, if you're looking for a second skyrim / skyrim clone, you'll have to wait for the elder scrolls 6 game that is coming some days, because while this game is similar to ESO, it also has a lot of MMO things incorporated in it, which stop it from being skyrim online."
76561198071788319,Not Recommended,306130,31175719,Posted: 16 April,all,flobadob,"Does not support game controller. Bought this for me and the kids as they loved skyrim and we thought we could play coop but the lack of controller support has killed this for the kids, and myself if I'm honest."
,Recommended,306130,25498484,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,MaxAlPa,a
76561198184589547,Not Recommended,306130,18025531,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,SuccMasta64,It crashes on me whenever i try to log in
,Not Recommended,306130,20162065,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Demias,"""Greetings,This account has been reported for a Terms of Service violation and is receiving an official warning for Harassment:12/29/2015 23:13DemiasSAYbaby come back12/29/2015 23:15DemiasSAYdat♥♥♥♥♥12/29/2015 23:23DemiasPARTY/kowtow12/29/2015 22:31DemiasWHISPERS ******♥♥♥♥♥♥Please take a few moments to review the Terms of Service and Code of Conduct which must be acknowledged to participate in The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited service. Further violations of any part of our Terms of Service may result in a temporary suspension or even a permanent interruption of your account.""These were directed towards my friends in game and /kowtow is an emote. How is this offensive to anybody else?In game support is very unprofessional."
76561198059046941,Not Recommended,306130,21549784,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,youmadson,"29/02/16I recomend this game on the consoles but not on steam.. the download time is absolutley ridiculous!! THEN! after you have installed the game you have to update the game to its current patch which takes hours!! Have literally spent almost 2 days to try and play this game. At the moment i am writing this review my game is still updating! to its current patch, and im actually thinking about going out to the store and buying this on ps4, where I know the download wont take me 2 days lol!!The game its self is nice and deffo got better over the years. But the constant downloading and updating is just mad and very uneeded!ALSO once you buy the game off steam etc or wherever,  it doesnt actually tell you that after you have installed the game which takes roughly 11 hours (depending on your internet, mine took 16 hours, it then doesnt tell you that you have to wait another load of hours to update the game to its current patch!) If i knew that I would  not of bought this game and instead get it for ps4!if you want to see constant downloading and for som reason you enjoy that, then please! buy this game, but otherwise, dont even look at it!"
,Not Recommended,306130,20068771,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,zout,dont do it
76561198120444815,Not Recommended,306130,18477120,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,gilbert.henri,"So far, it took more than 2 hours to download, 2 hours to install (including the patches) and it refuses to start because it says my account informations are false. I updated steam, changed my password and it still won't start. The help sends me to a non-existing web page. I'm starting to believe I've lost $70 in the deal so so far, no I do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,306130,20269796,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DCT Sheindo,An error has occured...This is the most comment message you will see with this game
,Not Recommended,306130,24034297,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,xXRussanoXx,I have been a huge fan of the elder scrolls franchise since I first played Morrowind as a child. This is not worth the money I spent on it and is an ok game. I would not pay full price for it nor would I have received it if it had the monthly subscription. All the quests have the same premise and the story just does not pull you in. I am not an MMO fan so I am unable to say if it is good in that sense.
,Not Recommended,306130,24251752,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Spellborne,"I have only 9 hours, but hear me out.So today, I Woke up, thought, ""hey it's a great day to play elder scrolls online!"" So I went on, and my antivirus decided to start blocking it... I was like ""Hmm... okay this is interesting"" So I decided to take the time, go on the forums, and allow it to repair its self, sure as hell, what happens? That's right! It downloads again and gives me a virus that looks like this *Virus* I should say first off C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\Steamapps\cmmon\Zenimax Online\Launcher\Bethesda.net_Launcher.exe Yes that is the ""Virus"" that your anti-virus will detect and force you to remove it or you can allow it to continue to be like that, so after repairing and allowing it, it crashed while updating, restarted computer crashed, rinse repeat until 5 crashes later I refunded it.If you want to play a crash simulator, you have found it, other then that, great game on console though, can't play it on PC for♥♥♥♥♥♥ unless of course, you have no anti-virus or you disabled your anti virus, which then you are full blown dumb, and you never go full blown dumb.10/10 best Crash SImulator 2016 ~ IGN"
,Not Recommended,306130,21087391,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,StrangeBrew,get fallout 4 instead
,Not Recommended,306130,22562207,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Cujo,MMOGBGMassivly Multiplayer Online Gang Banging Game
,Not Recommended,306130,23965680,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,XIsurroundmynamewithx'sX,I had hope that TESO could be a nice hybrid of WoW and TES but it ended up bringing together the most annoying parts of both
76561197960379855,Not Recommended,306130,31883705,Posted: 21 May,all,ZeroXephon,"I played this during the disaster that was beta.  After seeing and hearing about all the improvments that were made with the game I decided to give it another shot with a friend.   While the game is massivly improved compared to when it was in beta  I feel it is still not worth $60 for the gold edition.Biggest con so far:Quest progression does not sync between party members!  Each member has to pick up the thing, or kill the thing.  You cant do part of the quest and it count for everyone else.  This takes away a lot of the MMO aspect imo.  Sure you can still run around and kill things or do dungeons together but dont bother questing.Biggest pro so far:If you quest by yourself the story is pretty good and the devs did a good job pollishing the beta turd.I would have refunded if patching and character creation did not eat up the two hr limit.  I was really looking forward to questing with friends.  Oh well, at least I got a decent single player game.  I can not recommend this as an MMO."
76561198069863156,Not Recommended,306130,15902518,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Master TANG !,SKyrim was way better .Good story . . .too much bugs.Good MMO .... bad RPG
,Not Recommended,306130,16422818,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,FrP,Can't even play the game.
76561198117458794,Not Recommended,306130,34882582,Posted: 11 September,all,CauseI'mYourFather,i would like this mmo merged with offline skyrim or maybe create an offline mode available during the maintenance around 4h-6h XD. with that we can still enjoy the game during the maintenance time even when they have not the internet.im not recommend this game for now
76561198219817211,Not Recommended,306130,24264346,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,GlassyBiscuit4,"game play is great, love it, BUT fix... your.... mother...... ♥♥♥♥IN BUGS HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ITS FILLED WITH THEM MAN. i cant play the game for 10 mins with out a crashif i want to get this game then be my guest, just remember u may have TONES of crashes"
76561198092829352,Not Recommended,306130,17250655,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Dablife,so far so boring...
,Not Recommended,306130,34682071,Posted: 2 September,all,Crushing that Wumpus,"i enjoyed playing Eso greatly for the first week i had it, but after my first monday maintence the game began not allowing me to login, giving me the message server connection timed out, pls try again later, after scouring the help forums and trying every answer to fix this problem nothing worked.I later learned many people have this problem and bethesda support has done nothing about it, so here i am defeated and unhappy, i reccommend you buy this game if you are a fan of the elder scrolls series, but don't get too attached as you won't be playing it for long."
,Recommended,306130,24776473,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Patsuli,MASSIVE! And try to get friends in this game or get your friends play this game.I like skill system :3Rate this funny pecause :3 And add :3 to your review :3
,Not Recommended,306130,25626643,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,MY BRAIN TREMBLES,"Perma Banned for saying: ""Gibe me♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; in zone chat. Other then that... it's an ok game."
76561198026390713,Not Recommended,306130,24834321,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Legend of Olas,"TERRIBLEERROR 210 didnt let me play and it was error with patch update.did everything i could, ended up getting refund ffs."
76561198076040602,Not Recommended,306130,26687228,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ninja,"I cant even login and when i restarted my pc as people have mentioned to do, it wipes away any existence from my pc. Strange so i have given up after many hours of trying to login. I really hoped to play the game but hey ho."
76561198051861733,Not Recommended,306130,28490502,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,MarsrOover,"Are you serious...I have been playing this game since Beta on Windows Vista with another account and now i got it on Steam for sale.So..... and now you are telling me the game no longer supports it..... are you seriously trying to force people to have to upgrade working among Microsoft to do this?Like honestly there is no reason a small patch can't be put into the game to fix the error message, (The game clearly isn't API EXCLUSIVE) to windows 7 and above like (THE DIVISION) and players have been able to play the game for a long time on XP / VISTA until (Thieves Guild) update which killed off the game for quite a few players who enjoyed the game..The Requirement Was said DX11 was needed due to new graphics ( I have DX11) installed on Vista 64...Now support tells me ""We don't support Windows Vista?""Seriously???If the game didn't support (Windows VIsta) in anyway the game wouldn't have Let me install the software in the first place, or would have not even launched and would have crashed on launch, this is not the case.Oh well im not in a hurry to buy windows 7 to play this game anyways ill go play Crow Fall which works on Windows Vista."
,Not Recommended,306130,29835761,Posted: 10 February,all,tomdoc1014,"The game is great. I would even say amazing if you love the Elder Scrolls/MMORPG's. IF you can play. and that's a huge IF. If it's not an infinite loading blackscreen, it's timing you out for any number of reasons. If you do get in the game and play awhile enjoy it because the next time you try to log in you are going to get a message saying your account is already logged in. The only fix is to sit there for 20 minutes waiting for their dark ages server technology to register that you are, in fact, not already logged in.Basically, great game, but they seriously don't give AF about you or your issues, or these issues that have been present since beta (from what i've gathered reading up on how to fix forums dating from 2014 til now) would not be there. Fix these network issues and I can recommend this game."
76561198114867666,Not Recommended,306130,25701050,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,PRISMATICBear,i cant get into the game. I login with my elder scrolls and my steam and it still errors!
,Not Recommended,306130,29914334,Posted: 13 February,all,AdDiKT,DLC SIMULATOR.DONT BUY.
76561198085987508,Not Recommended,306130,25646198,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,λ Glass Crab,couldnt refund this game in time
,Not Recommended,306130,11686545,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Captain Senpai of Hentai,this game isent grate unless u can afford to pay for cards the gain accsess to play iti want a reffond for shureUnlimited tamrial is just as bad cant login or anything idk y it wont work but it wont i reccomend to any one either wait for it to be full pached up or just spend that 55 euro on somthing woth money if anything the stage this game is at it should be free 2 play
76561198076443509,Recommended,306130,12562166,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Aydric,"This Game is a MMO NOT SKYRIM with friends they are completely diffrent games this is a MMO not skyrim with other people, so many people hate this game because they wanted skyrim with other people but it is not its a completely diffrent game but it still is a Elder Scrolls Game, and its still fun but it isnt what everyone expected Skyrim online but they are diffrent games and both are still fun."
76561198107249512,Recommended,306130,24876645,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Phat jamano,"The Diary of a Young GirlReadDownloadTHE DIARY OF A YOUNG GIRL : THE DEFINITIVE EDITIONAnne FrankEdited by Otto H. Frank and Mirjam PresslerTranslated by Susan Massotty-- : --BOOK FLAPAnne Frank's The Diary of a Young Girl is among the most enduring documents of thetwentieth century. Since its publication in 1947, it has been read by tens of millionsof people all over the world. It remains a beloved and deeply admired testament to theindestructable nature of the human spirit. Restore in this Definitive Edition are diary entries that had been omitted from theoriginal edition. These passages, which constitute 30 percent more material, reinforcethe fact that Anne was first and foremost a teenage girl, not a remote and flawlesssymbol. She fretted about, and tried to copie with, her own emerging sexuality. Likemany young girls, she often found herself in disagreement with her mother. And likeany teenager, she veered between the carefree nature of a child and the full-fledgedsorrow of an adult. Anne emerges more human, more vulnerable, and more vital thanever. Anne Frank and her family, fleeing the horrors of Nazi occupation, hid in the back ofan Amsterdam warehouse for two years. She was thirteen when the family went intothe Secret Annex, and in these pages she grows to be a young womalso good game, pretty good 15/10"
,Recommended,306130,21652079,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Anti-Citizen,WoW with Elder Scrolls Lore. Not worth $70. Wait for sale if you want to buy
,Not Recommended,306130,31127542,Posted: 13 April,all,✩ Shyrr-k '-'. _ ✬,"Doesn't boot, no error log. I don't work for tech support... bye x"
76561198207968204,Recommended,306130,20075007,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Pimpin'_Mc_Bones,-gets game-plays game for about 5 hours-game crashes-restarts-keeps crashing every attempt to start it-worked for enough time so I can't refund10/10 would be scammed of $60 again
76561198142581769,Recommended,306130,26333385,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,killysunt,"Is it a good game? Yes,yes it is a good gameIs it a good MMO? NO,NOOOOOO"
,Not Recommended,306130,15579410,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,twitch.tv/OGDaMonsta,Levels 1-10 this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.levels 11-15 this is getting ♥♥♥♥ing fun/addicting.levels 11-15 uninstalled. Game is clunky and boring as ♥♥♥♥.*Will update when higher level.*
76561198145243228,Not Recommended,306130,19610476,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,God.Almighty.,WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ I CANT EVEN ♥♥♥♥ING CREATE A ♥♥♥♥ING ACCOUNT THAT WOULD ♥♥♥♥ING LOG IN?!?!?!?!? I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE THIS GAME ITS SO ♥♥♥♥ING STUPID OMFG
76561198089952306,Not Recommended,306130,22229794,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Wrench_The_Hacker,cant... even... log into... the game... and.... cant play it... D:
76561198127832771,Not Recommended,306130,20274638,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,shaunpmknight,Paid for the tamriel unlimited edition. Downloaded it. Would not load the game. Was recommended that I redownload the game. I did. Still will not load. Now my baldur's gate 2 isnt working either. Everything worked fine before I tried downloading this game which took several hours by the way..... I still want to play this game and it still will not load!
76561198062292065,Not Recommended,306130,22732304,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,zaika,No.
,Not Recommended,306130,19532000,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Nhozbily,The trailer look cool but is not fun -_-
,Not Recommended,306130,20186821,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,It's Ya Boy,Dont...Buy...This...♥♥♥♥ing...Game
,Not Recommended,306130,21537379,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,HellboyHunter,This could have been better. All I have to say really.
76561198039517717,Not Recommended,306130,21452115,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Thunder Dan,"pure garbage! cant even log in. remade my password and everything. wish i could have played it, maybe my review would have been positive but bethesda needs to get their crap together"
76561198207225415,Not Recommended,306130,17915209,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Tux,need refund wont work
,Not Recommended,306130,20208563,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Lex,"""Unable to execute desired program.Please get another copy of the installer and try again""Nothing worked. NOTHING.0/10 Literally UnplayableEDIT: So, I unzipped the installer, and found a random, corrupted image. I deleted the image, and everything worked fine...I haven't gotten around to installing it yet, but at least it works. I'm keeping the review negative for now, as stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥like that shouldn't happen.EDIT 2: Can't play it through Steam. Buy it here if you want but you'll have to download it from the website. The game's fine. It'll give you an okay time. Still keeping the review negative, though."
76561198128351749,Not Recommended,306130,23827743,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,endlessblue,"Issues, crashes and frequent problems make playing this game impossible"
,Not Recommended,306130,16366422,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ZiiRali @Kickback.com,This game is broken to hell it wont even start for me but it will do everything else it doesnt make sense why you release a game more than 20% of the community cant even launch this game i rate this game 1/10 jusst because im trying to get MY MONEY BACK
76561198012221863,Not Recommended,306130,18111518,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Sparkbomber,"Honestly, I can't recommend this. If you love the singleplayer games stick to them, otherwise you'll be stuck in a generic mmo with a slight TES sauce poured over it. And there is a festival of glitches unless your comp is top spec, same for your internet connection."
,Not Recommended,306130,33076758,Posted: 1 July,all,tripplea-a\,just bad
,Not Recommended,306130,31326844,Posted: 23 April,all,emmywrent,"Straight up, complete, and absolute garbage. The game wouldnt even start and this is after I downloaded it twice. Also, Zenimax expects their users to pay twice for this game. Whats even more frustrating, is that if you download everything on a faster connection, and bring it home to your desktop, the installer will break and cause you download everything all over again.Good job Zenimax, you rolled out 85gig of steaming turd wrapped in garbage DLC.Ill be pirating all their stuff from now on. Glad I got my refund. :3"
,Not Recommended,306130,32414539,Posted: 14 June,all,BobLaBite,"Can't get my character naked, any help ?"
76561198156091251,Not Recommended,306130,31911976,Posted: 22 May,all,gaylublub_donde,"I'm not a frequent player mainly becuse everytime I open the launcher to play, it's always updating. It takes hours for this game to update too so i get bored and just exit out of it and play something else..."
76561198169454211,Not Recommended,306130,35126313,Posted: 22 September,all,Hikari,"I've bought the game,Installed the game but can't play"
76561198096678332,Recommended,306130,34161336,Posted: 10 August,all,Aro♠,My mom called me hours ago.It's 4 AM in the morning and im still playing.
76561198209273805,Not Recommended,306130,30541614,Posted: 16 March,all,RedNight,this game not worked me :((((
76561198120854898,Not Recommended,306130,24767352,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Merddok,I bought this game 12 hours ago and still haven't started playing because I've been asked to create and verify an ESO account every 2 minutes at every concievable step of installation and start-up.
76561198109747363,Not Recommended,306130,28090045,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,locford,"The game has been touted as one of the best MMORPGs available today. For me it is a total waste of time and money. Since I purchased the game, I have only been able to actully play once. When you spend several minutes waiting for the game to load, requesting character load, only to be greet by ""error encounter, try again later"". No matter how great a game is, it matters little if you can't play it. Luckily, I did not opt for the Gold edition."
,Not Recommended,306130,29871785,Posted: 12 February,all,frette,Quits after a progress bar display without any error display. A quick google search suggests that this problem exists fortwo years. None of the voodoo workarounds worked and many of them are scary from a security standpoint.
76561198191298951,Not Recommended,306130,26727558,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,tugboat,Waste of money
76561198147461278,Not Recommended,306130,28092263,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,twiggywilbur,I just want my money back
,Not Recommended,306130,26527877,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Solidus Snake,Dont BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game and it has lot of bugs and they dont help u and dont waste ur money on this game and it suck u cant login and ♥♥♥♥ U ♥♥♥♥♥ AND ♥♥♥♥ U STEAM
76561198061577145,Not Recommended,306130,28402070,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,მელვeრ გონზალეს,"its okay, i guess"
76561198298958339,Not Recommended,306130,26684012,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Following,"Elder scroll online, more lie Magic Scrolls only, all classes scale off magic perk, stuck on 1 hour loading page, and leveled up stamina 3x, just to find out Night blade SCALES OFF MAGIC DAMAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks alot for lying to my wallet, and my bethesda spirit."
76561198035449308,Not Recommended,306130,30019633,Posted: 18 February,all,rpgjunkie74,"Way too easy. For my first 8 hours, I haven't met a single challenging encounter yet. I can go afk in the middle of a group of mobs and not get killed.If I weren't already past the 2 hour mark, I'd be looking for a refund."
,Not Recommended,306130,29838518,Posted: 10 February,all,Silly Willy,"The was very laggy even though I have the right components for the game. I played it for 7 hours which was a mistake becuase now i can not refund it and now when I play it, ESO wont start. The start screen goes black and I have tried to re-download the game twice now and nothing good has come from it. I would rather just get my money back and move on."
,Not Recommended,306130,33423158,Posted: 9 July,all,GrD« Combo Breaker,"Sorry but no... This games graphics on max are almost on par with those of RuneScape, nothing like the videos. Then we have the issues with terrible aim in 3rd person and trying to move in any way thats not like playing an online game with a potato for a router, its like my character slides accross the ground and moves with delays. Tried everything i could to improve the graphics and my internet conection is great, so its all down to the game itself not being all that great."
,Recommended,306130,12546163,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Deja,"I had been anticipating Elders Scrolls online for quite some time. I finally got it, and when I first logged in I started having issues. The first splash screen would take forever to load. I actually had to search around to see if there was a fix for this. I finally DID get it fixed, got to the character creation and I realized that the graphics is a little boxy. I don't have a high end laptop or gaming system, so I had to turn my graphics down a bit. But even with other games with graphics low, it doesn't look bad like this does. I kinda shrugged it off though and got right into the game.The gameplay itsself isn't half bad. It's actually set up just like Skyrim, and the first part doesn't feel like you're playing an MMO. But when you get to the beginning town, it starts feeling like a regular MMO. You see a bunch of the players running around, gathering quests.That is exactly what this game is. Just like every other MMO you can play, you gather quests, kill monsters, and go turn in your quests. I personally think the 60 dollars you have to pay for on this game is you paying for the Bethesda name and the Elders Scroll feel, and as I will admit it DOES have the Elders Scroll feel to it, that does not make up the fact that behind the HUD and the gameplay mechanics, it's a regular ol' run of the mill MMO. Would i recommend this game? I would. It's not horrible but it's not what I was hoping it to be. I am still going to play it (Of course! I freakin bought it) but I'm not sure if I will be renewing my membership."
,Recommended,306130,12496162,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,kodas,"Amazing game. It's not like your average MMORPG at all, its better. It has amazing graphics for a mmo and amazing voice acting just like previous elder scroll games. The quest are fun and are NOT generic like other mmorpgs. Ex, Collect 10 blah blah blah for 20 gold. The quest accutally have a purpose and always have nice voice acting involved. Altough this doesnt feel like an elder scroll game it still reminds me of one and I have the same feeling as I do when I play skyrim. Although the PVE is not the best (enemies flee mid way through the battle and return to where they were and regain full health, staffs dont work correctly, bad animations). All of this is just the PVE but ZMO stated they are fixing the PVE bugs currently. The 15$ subscription is kinda dumb in my opinion it should be cheaper but If you really like UNIQUE mmos and elder scroll games you should definently get this game. With updates/bug fixes constantly rolling out whats not to love?Score - 9/10PROS :Amazing Voice ActingGood Graphics for a MMOFun Quests/ StorylineAmazing PVPCONS :Glitches <---- Not too many, only encountered 2(Major ones) out of my whole play time.$15 Subscription"
76561198051230899,Not Recommended,306130,21258637,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,President Donald Trump,Meh.6/10Low energy.
,Recommended,306130,14931146,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Unkindjolt,"AWESOME GAME, Do not expect it to be a Multiplayer Skyrim or anything like that, treat it as a new experience with the elderscrolls series... As This Game Was Mostly Created By Zenimax Studios and not so much Bethesda Softworks. You Can Expect It To Be Different.If It Wasn't Good I Would Have Not Played 190.8 Hours of it"
76561198118486191,Recommended,306130,11389428,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Edge Lord,One of the most fun MMO's I have ever played
,Recommended,306130,11399932,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Mr.Blue,"Its Great!, havent had any problems. alot of the complaints ive seen where about steam not sending you a CD key to make an account, well all you have to do it right click the game and select cd key.The game so far even though im only a level 9, has been great. havent been bored yet even after playing 6 hours straight. i havent been much repedetive either. Most of the quest's ive completed throughout the 7 hours ive played so far are completely different from the last!With the purchase you get a free month without payment to play, even though it is going to suck to pay the $15 a month i most certainly will! well atlest untill i get bored of it, or if i end up playing destiny more than this game since destiny comes out sept. 9th! But either way, weither im going to play for two months until destiny comes out or weither im going to keep playing while i play destiny, the price you pay is worth it!Story is compelling, gamplay is awesome just like skyrim! i know i can drain many hours and many months (along with money) into this game! And hearing the rumors that it may be a free to play game in the future ( as in after you pay for the original game) makes it even better!Havent had any problems, running at ultimate settings is pratically the same graphically as skyrim, story so far ( 6hrs in) is great and keeps me intacted even with the side missions.YOU get what you pay for and in the instence its perfect!"
76561198113271183,Recommended,306130,11408535,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Koschey,"This game is amazing on so many levels introducing choosing classes, the new skill set up and what we have all been waiting for... ONLINE MULTIPLAYER!!!"
,Recommended,306130,12731248,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,roint jollin,awesome game
,Recommended,306130,15014759,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Tark23,It's ok
76561197981760214,Recommended,306130,12400030,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,grassyfields,The Best MMO. Period.
,Not Recommended,306130,19883012,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mischievous Maenad,"I was super excited about this game. So excited I asked my boyfriend to purchase a copy so we could play together. I really really tried with this game, especially since I spent about $80 on it including the $14.99 monthly subscription.Why you should skip this game, even if you're an Elder Scrolls enthusiast;1. The quests, for the most part, are repetitive and boring.2. Unless you're in a guild, PUGS are pretty much non-existent. Maybe I was on the wrong server or didn't get ""far enough"" into the game. While the world itself isn't empty, as someone used to the bustling presence of PCs in Stormwind, it was  a bit jarring to receive radio silence when I typed LFG in the chatbox.3.I really don't care about the main story line. Oblivion and Skyrim (especially Skyrim) hooked me into the story automatically, sending me to various parts of the realm to meet even more interesting NPCs who, if I did something for them, would become allies during the game. Complete a quest for someone in ESO? You get your gold prize and then nothing else.4. Every barrel or box in a city cannot be looted. What is this flickery?5. The crafting is pretty good for the skills I chose; alchemy and cooking; but having to find recipes was kind of obnoxious. In Skyrim you have a list of recipes and are able to cook them based on whether or not you have the ingredients on hand. The ""Find the recipe"" game just seems like a way to add a level of complexity to the game that is completely unnecessary.Many people I've read have said ""Stop comparing ESO to Skyrim."" I think this is unrealistic. Most of the people who bought this game did so because they enjoyed Skyrim or any other titles from Bethesda. Yes, I know this is Zenimax, Bethesda still had SOME input.Overall the game is BORING. Maybe I'll give it another go some time in the future, but at this rate I'm forcing myself to play it because I invested money, not because it's fun."
76561198172762754,Not Recommended,306130,25680731,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,bowman60uk,"while the game is great, DLC once again is killing it.  some of the quests that the main game gives you cannot be compleated without a DLC. I understand that they are in the biz of making money, but the epidemic of DLC is really getting to silly."
76561198054661758,Not Recommended,306130,35161416,Posted: 23 September,all,toores,"absolute scam, patches are getting worse, alot of bugs, company wont listen to consumers feedbacks (even by most known), mechanics are bugged and horror. If you even think about buying it, please, i highly advise you to reconsider. hard grind for low rewards. and if noone wants to belive check the ""no eta"" meme :^)"
,Recommended,306130,11350444,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Ricky | InsanePain,I have been waiting for this game for such a long time. I'm a HUGE Elder Scrolls fan. I am very excited that i get to play this game. The story is amazing along with the beautifully designed graphics and gameplay. The community is great and i HIGHYL recommend this game to anyone. It is very much worth the purchase!
76561198036200002,Recommended,306130,11320990,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,DaftGears,"Disclaimer: I've played much more than my steam time says.First off, do you want Skyrim with multiplayer? This is not it.Second, do you want WoW but with Daedric armor? This is not it.What this game is is a completely different kind of game that marries the flexibility of Elder Scrolls combat with the large world of an MMO. It's not as immersive as Skyrim, which is unavoidable simply because it is an MMO. But it is a great game that is getting better and better.If you give this game a chance outside of the tutorial zone and the first few levels, you'll find a game that is much more open than it first appears and rewards exploring and testing different ways of playing your character. I'd recommend this game to any fans of the Elder Scrolls series or of MMOs, as long as you let the game be what it is."
76561198105737428,Recommended,306130,12251083,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,McValco,VERY VERY good game. The only negative in E.S.O. is tha you must PAY EXTRA to play this beautifull game. If you are BIG FUN of the game series ELDER SCROLL this one you will love it.
,Not Recommended,306130,34503521,Posted: 26 August,all,Mercury,"Endless downloading, black screens. The loading simulator online."
76561198108366707,Not Recommended,306130,33256379,Posted: 4 July,all,Goopie,trash
,Not Recommended,306130,34686905,Posted: 2 September,all,Hyena,best downloading simulator
,Not Recommended,306130,25789143,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,TheNinjaScout™ | UnM |,My Review is not about game but the 0 stars out of whatever customer service you get from ESO. As in you dont get ANY service at all. Goodluck to you if you ever have account issues and cant log in to the game you paid for because they DO NOT RESPOND TO YOUR EMAIL> EVER and they have NO customer support phone number anymore. But fair not if you become a member they will take your money. BEWARNED game maybe fun cant remember since they wont reply to my email to let me in game .Hope you dont ever have to rely on Customer service if so YOU WERE WARNED
,Not Recommended,306130,29948047,Posted: 15 February,all,i DiQ,"If you intend to donate money to Bethesda so it can pay people to do work, then this game is the right thing to buy.Price, decent.Game size, awesomely 400TB because installing it via steam doesn't actually work and then you browse their support forum to find a way to actually install it and update the launcher for another 100+GB not to mention the 60GB you already have because of the Steam download  and then when you are at the Log in screen and want to start playing it, it tells you that you didn't purchased the game in steam even doe the money got already booked of your Bank account.and guess what, there is no cd key to be found so i can activate it on the Bethesda account in hope it may work since the support forums are also recommending this ""solution""Pro:-money is supporting Bethesda-the amount of time  and Gbs downloaded can be seen as a performance check for your internet providerCon:-Game may not working/installing properly for some people like me-Time wasted trying to get it to work and also downloading it-much much Harddrive space is gone and the pleasure to delete everything that has not been able to be deleted via steam or normal windows-writing a review that may not help othersconclusin,do not buy this game via steam if you don't want to stumble upon happy mistakes  that you can try to deal with it and also look up on the game compatibility with certain windows versions and steam  or pc models such as linux and Mac"
76561198290999601,Not Recommended,306130,23943226,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Doctor,"Didn't even get to play the game. Downloaded a 40 gb patch (after downloading the 60 gb game mind you) and it kept on downloading more patches afterwards. Here's the best part:It counts the time that you spend on the launcher as time played! Nah, I'm good."
76561198262630026,Not Recommended,306130,23043704,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Riverlarke11,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME THROUGH STEAM.I was super-excited to play this game. I am a fan of the Elder Scrolls Games and this looked promising. I can't speak for the game itself because I never got to play it. If you buy this, do not get it through Steam. Despite my PC being fully capable of running the game, it wouldn't start up; ESO support informed me something was wrong with it because I had bought through a ""3rd party vendor."" Also, I have been informed that I am not the only one that has had the same problem with this game when purchased through Steam. DON'T BUY IT HERE."
76561197993459541,Not Recommended,306130,29237094,Posted: 13 January,all,rookhaven,"Absolutely DESPISE this game.  This worlds feels SO wrong.1.)  God help you if your a left hander and want a key bind different than the default.  None of the key-bind prompts actually update to be in sync with your keybind.  So E is loot, no matter what loot really is.2.)  Spent the first 10 minutes looking for mobs with nothing but other players absolutely overwhelming the area.  3-4 stacked on the same poor corpse.  I'll be darned before I go back to that kind of idiocy.3.)  Everything is dark and undistinguishable - so NPCs, mobs, they're all the same.  They're scattered everywhere indiscriminately and don't have enough difference to be noticable.3.)  The UI is insanely short on ANYTHING.  No minimap, no icons, nothing.   Just remember all 240282 keybinds necessary to do everything (see #1 about prompts for keybinds not updating).4.)  The interaction is so counter-intuitive to what everyone's used to!  Just like when Microsoft makes a completely useless update to justify charging for anothre 'update'.5.)  If you want to pay 70 dollars, you can have a horse.  Otherwise, grind for a MONTH to maybe get enough gold.Absolute fail."
76561198042252715,Not Recommended,306130,29749592,Posted: 6 February,all,DreamboatMcFuckFace,"I probably shouldn't be writing this seeing how I've never actually been able to play this game, but its part of the experience, and as an experience, it's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I have tried for over a week now to get this game working, but Steam has failed to download a launcher with my game, resulting in my copy not being ""up to date"" and therefore uplayable, and has failed to provide me with a CD key to even try verifying it with the ESO website.  Of course if it works, it's probably great.  But why waste your money on something that might not even work?TLDR:  Buy something you're actually sure you can play.  Not this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥roulette wheel of a gamble.   $30 down the drain."
,Recommended,306130,11321208,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,rickyspetgila,"Great Game! Ignoring Friends and Family, Fired from work. 11/10.but in all honesty, this is a great game... Ignore my playtime for now as i have played this since last October, (One of the first Betas) and i love it. With beautiful graphics, and amazing voiceovers, this has became life."
,Not Recommended,306130,25430763,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,superDUPERgamer2005,horrible game nothing like the trailer dont recomendbought it for 60 dollars and now its 20? wth
,Recommended,306130,25264596,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Hell Nawh,Allahu akbar
76561198089787566,Not Recommended,306130,24805750,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Zipline_Orange,Do not waste your money. The gameplay is slow and quests are unforfilling.
76561198063166259,Not Recommended,306130,30045916,Posted: 19 February,all,PaPa Toeshoes(ATA),"Yo, if want depression this is the game for you because it's ♥♥♥♥ing hideous and completely lonely,  players are equally spread out everywhere throughout  the map and tend to ignore you if you try to talk to them. This game is always dark and when there is that one ray of sunshine you will notice that everything has a nice shade of the colors you find in vomit. You also can't play any race with any faction so if you pick ArgonIan and your friend picks red guard you can't play together unless you pay an extra 12 dollars or something for the adventure pack.  Srsly just go play ♥♥♥♥ing skyrim or something because the ""multiplayer""  aspect of this game isn't there with absolutely no hub world where players gravitate to. ♥♥♥♥in superman 64 lookin♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198135333613,Not Recommended,306130,28861814,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Riptide,The game doesn't let you die. There is no challenge.
,Not Recommended,306130,29930960,Posted: 14 February,all,drdorian123,Game wouldn't launch no matter what I tried
,Recommended,306130,11358453,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Nomad,"Took a while for me to get used to the game but I love it! It's really fun, definitely team and quest oriented so be sure to have friends to play with or try finding a nice guild to be a part of.Definitely a beautiful game in terms of graphics and scenery, I would recommend it simply for that.Don't think it's like the single-player games like Bethesda made either, it's an MMO like the name suggests, so naturally there will be points that require team work and I also love how random people you don't even talk with come in to help you kill monsters or any kind of enemy too and you still get the quest or whatever done with it.It took a while for me to get used to the combat as well, but once you get into it it's definitely fun to play with. There is a lot to explore and if you always liked the Elder Scrolls games then you should definitely give this game a try."
,Recommended,306130,11385122,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,FaZe Pingu,it awsome
,Not Recommended,306130,11324687,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Jay,"Here's my opinion of Elder Scrolls online. I was one of the dumb people, who didn't care about all the bad reviews & got the game anyway. Well it's been three day since I have gotten the game. And I haven't been able to even play for a single second.  I just want to be able to play the game I paid for...is that to much to ask? There is a big problem with all the dam passwords & user ID. I have checked & double checked my info. And gotten emails showing I'm putting the correct information. But this stupid game won't even let you even log in. I have never in my life, experienced something so stupid. DON'T BUY THIS GAME. I just wish I would have listen to all the reviews. And last thing, how can a big company like Bethesda, not offer controller support. What a let down. I have never been more let down in a company."
76561198047376321,Recommended,306130,11523232,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Joe,i need to stop playing this game but i cant seem to pull myself away! its just amazing 10/10 must buy
76561198068268567,Recommended,306130,11307280,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,noblechief420,if yall would read it saysNotice: Elder Scrolls Online account required to play.30 days unlimited game play included with purchase. Valid payment method or paid game time card for subscription and persistent internet connection requiredNOTICE the part after it says you get 30 days for freeyes you get 30 days free but you have to prove that you have a valid card or spend money on a game time card not recommended if you got card as you can cancel the auto renew and just play the 30 free days they will not hit your card till you free 30 days is over so just cancel then they cant hit your cardSteam isnt lying about the free 30 daysand my game launcher wont update ran a file check and had to redownload but still wont update any idea's
76561198117864208,Recommended,306130,11348588,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Blokboys,"I bought the game on steam and when I bought it, I thought I could play it right away, but what turned out well, I pay 12 euros for 30 days puree playing time, I think this really can not! I have to pay 50 euros to buy the game but after I also have another 12 euros beta eels per 30 days, I want my money back"
76561198195417533,Recommended,306130,19468609,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,GongBlong,played. lost email. couldnt play. sent angry message to eso support. no help. tried to remember my email. couldnt remember it. deleted game. went on with life
76561198033012961,Not Recommended,306130,13439789,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,subthis02,big let down
76561198102502822,Not Recommended,306130,15922699,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,FML UP FAM,"This game is trash, i wasnt able to start the game before it crashed on me. 0/10 would not play again."
,Not Recommended,306130,17863150,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Dark Joey,"After playing Skyrim, I thought this would be a great investment but after about an hour of gameplay I'm already bored and kinda disappointed. There a fair few Free-to-Play games that in my opinion are quite a bit better than this. I guess if you are a massive Elder Scrolls Fan then it will probably suit you quite well but this is just not my kinda game. This is one of the reasons I don't usually buy games unless they are like 75% off or I have played them before. On the upside it does have fairly good graphics and really in-depth character customisation. I do wish it was a game that could be refunded though. (My gameplay recorded is not my actual gameplay for some reason.)"
,Not Recommended,306130,21942635,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Сarn,Donate-oriented crap.Want to make some crafting? Pay some money.
,Not Recommended,306130,29468079,Posted: 24 January,all,Sintek,"I put all my time into the PS4 version, but I've been informed the PC version is similar in its deficiencies.ESO is, by far, the best Standing in Town simulator yet. If you're the type who likes to stand in town for hours upon hours pretending to be AFK, your ship has come in. For those of us who like to progress through PVE content into endgame, you either better come with 3-12 friends or be tolerant of idiots who infest public queues.Because raids are small, no established or even up and coming guilds recruit, and since you can be a member of 5 guilds at once, you will never find the type of close-knit, familial guild environment that other MMORPGs offer. ESO is the most anti-social MMO I have ever played and it's why I quit. In nearly a year of play, I did not meet one person with whom I grouped more than once, and not for lack of trying. The other players in the world may as well be NPCs."
76561198141756166,Recommended,306130,23374837,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MILKY,forgot my account can't play anymore10/10
,Not Recommended,306130,18853569,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Jackie Moon,Can't stack cheese wheels.
,Not Recommended,306130,35207762,Posted: 25 September,all,Krusty,i couldn't help but be underwhelemed.
,Not Recommended,306130,30673445,Posted: 22 March,all,I_jun,Do NOT buy if you want the Morrowind - Oblivion - Skyrim kind of game!!
76561198023449560,Not Recommended,306130,33213119,Posted: 3 July,all,Da_Booka Chelsea,skyrim is still better imo.imperial and stormclocks are still better.they left skyrim for this?
,Recommended,306130,11350644,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Itchimura,"Don't listen to every single little review, you might actually like this game."
76561198160499737,Not Recommended,306130,32163411,Posted: 3 June,all,missinggoathead,"Terrible game overall, poor gameplay, worse storyline, poor engine, poor multiplayer, can not recommend for any reason."
76561198018111589,Not Recommended,306130,25514093,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,[AJSA]MeloDeath,borring as hell-.- Level takes forever loot sucks groupfinder is pathetic took me 2 days 2 find a raid group.. Pvp is fun but way to measy for my taste.Story in the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Zero immersion. Borring quests
,Not Recommended,306130,24827938,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Perception,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS THROUGH STEAM. IT WILL NOT DOWNLOAD CORRECTLY. PURCHASE IT THROUGH ESO OFFICIAL WEBSITE INSTEAD. The game play, is fun, but not worth the 4 days of downloads, and over 500gb of data used to download and have it fail validation, and then begin said download all over again. The steam and zenimax clients will not sync or work in conjunction together. so do not attempt to use the steam overlay, it will also cause validation failures."
76561198332191282,Not Recommended,306130,26129439,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,katherine,it wont even let me login so no i cant even play the game
76561197995660714,Not Recommended,306130,27373406,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,-=DeSpAcIto=-,SKYRIM BETTER THAN THIS ONE! 100%
,Not Recommended,306130,26513211,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,RD,boring af
76561198112212885,Not Recommended,306130,26525077,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mack,"Bought this game in 2014 as a WOW replacement. There wer log in issues, errors, and so many problems I played to level 3 and uninstalled. Here in 2016 I install and try again, disconnected 15 times in less than 15 minutes. Garbage game, will never buy again. My advice? Look somewhere else..."
76561198071157223,Not Recommended,306130,35264118,Posted: 28 September,all,Ring from Norway,why is there no children in tamriel??
,Recommended,306130,14944472,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,CaptainB47,"I played the game on the first day and OMG IT WAS SO FUN...no.It had downloading problems for OSX which sucked so i had to download the whole game again.when i remember at how it looked like and at how fun it was back then compared to now with all the massive updates smacking you in the face with its balls,playing this game again after a long time i felt like a horny woman who after years of being alone finally meets the right guy and gets screwed hard (INSERT LENNY FACE HERE).if this game was a potato it would be a good potatop.s. i would have about 100-150 hours in total because i play the actual launcher rather than the steam version."
76561198042866401,Recommended,306130,11557541,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,vileimpviii,"Really enjoying this game. If you enjoy Skyrim then you'll enjoy this, except this time its multi-player."
,Recommended,306130,19191803,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Rekquiem,"I did not recommend this game at the beginning, because it starts off very slowly. You just go on and on for 20 hours doing quests, until you are level 16. THEN is when the game starts for real!PROS:+ Tons and tons of quests.+ Guilds, guild traders and much more from the guilds.+ Loot literally everywhere.+ Motifs for every race's own way of making armor.+ Guards in citites, catching thieves.+ Guards cannot be killed, which is a good thing.+ Lots and lots of small events in-game that you can travel to after the tutorial.+ Tamriel almost Unlimited™ :)CONS:- There's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ loot everywhere, some instances good loot. Very rare though.- Guards cannot be killed, which is a bad thing.- Very boring until level 16+- Need 10'000 coins to get blacksmithing skill up to level 5.- No jump-strafing, which means if you jump infront of a cliff, you are dead.- Need soul gems to respawn you, instead of using them to charge weapons.- If you don't want to spend 10'000 coins, you have to look for recourses for 50 hours.- You have to buy 2 whole provinces to go inside of them.- PvP is cancer if you aren't level 16 veteran in level 49. (Veteran levels are similiar to prestige.)- Tamriel Limited™If you loved Skyrim, buy Fallout 4. If you dont like Fallout 4, buy this and Fallout 4."
76561198134815347,Not Recommended,306130,31147191,Posted: 14 April,all,Señor Jalapeño,this game is bad
,Not Recommended,306130,15923961,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Я∃V∃Яß,"If you enjoy customization for your hair, you're either bald, have 2 pony tails in the same direction, corn rows, or you have 1 type of woman jesus hair. (Horrible customization imo all around, plenty of games give you the ability to really change the brow/eye/jaw shape this isn't the only one. The things you can't change just blow and it's honestly a big part of the game for me kk)"
76561198055544599,Not Recommended,306130,17281413,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,John Fuckston,The Elder Ping Online: Lag Unlimited
76561198118783132,Not Recommended,306130,19662478,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Invincible,As an international student. I live in different countries each year and after logging in my account in Iran i was permenantly banned after playing this game for over a year and the supports say its U.S sanctions. Not paying a single penny on this racist company
,Not Recommended,306130,17338891,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Snow Villiers,Tried for a refund of this damn game. Nope. cant get it. So now i have a useless game. Im purely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥offf. The game was terrible imo.
76561198188975365,Not Recommended,306130,22418012,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,silencemysonz,its a ok game but only played 5 min dont recommend
,Not Recommended,306130,29706718,Posted: 4 February,all,Mothdust,I had to ask for a refund on this game. It got stuck on a loading screan and never actually even made a toon. Pretty poor if a game can't run off the bat.
76561198042069957,Not Recommended,306130,30707507,Posted: 24 March,all,LoserNerdlin,Get guild wars 2
76561198047407672,Not Recommended,306130,32997381,Posted: 29 June,all,ImplodingBacon,"I was so excited to play this. Starts off with such a big idea and scale, but ends up being one fo  the most boring, shallow, and pendantic MMO's I've ever played."
76561198366638853,Not Recommended,306130,31202945,Posted: 17 April,all,passuffdoo,Absolutely unworthy!
76561198140705978,Not Recommended,306130,24784718,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,mattslaptop,"I bought this game 2 days ago.  I have yet to be able to play this horrible disaster.  The initial download is almost 60 GB with 10+ updates that are required for another 30+ GB.  After it finally finished downloading files larger than an operating system the launcher crashes everytime I try to play.  According to support the only fix is to reinstall the client 30+ more GB but only if that actually works correctly, I'm on attempt number 3 and it hasn't correctly finished the repair yet.  This game wouldn't be worth it if it was free!"
76561197970807880,Not Recommended,306130,24763805,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,SilentButDeadly,"I tolerated three hours and reached level 7. Then I couldn't stand it anymore and quit to go back to the Witcher instead.Every five minutes you are presented another quest, book, or backstory which might sound cool in theory but in reality you can't possibly remember or care. Stories have to be presented to the player gradually, evolving through gameplay experiences, like in The Last of Us, letting the player grow an emotional attachment to the characters.The combat is way too easy, amost literally without risk. Most enemies die in one or two shots. Even the bosses are pushovers. It's funny Elder Scrolls online would be so unbalanced in this regard, when the prior games in the series had some element of risk. This is especially a problem in an MMORPG, since these kind of online games are supposed to reward cooperative play. But why would I group to kill monsters I can kill on my own effortlessly?Maybe it gets harder or more interesting later. But why should I be bored to get to the good parts of a game, when I have other games I can play that are fun right away?"
76561198023269065,Not Recommended,306130,25765697,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DogTrooper,What a piece of rubbish!!!!!Technical.Took days to download. I have been away for a month. And when I tried to play today there was an update and now the game is GONE! I checked the file integrity was informed that 468 files were missing. So now it is trying to download the 56Gb AGAIN. So basically everytime I play the game I have to re-install it. Thats the 56Gb basic then all the updates again.Gameplay.Pointless doing quests as other characters kill all the bosses and hey presto quest complete.Waste of money.
76561198151781736,Not Recommended,306130,26751734,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,dwb1of7,"I would love to say this game if fun, or even be able to say that I played it but the truth is that it wont let me play the game I can watch the logos play across the screen and get to a menu screen but every time I click play I get a server timeout mesage. now this might be an issue with my internet but I doubt it so for now I have no choice but to consider this game a rip-off even though I bought it on sale"
76561198093173767,Not Recommended,306130,28459648,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,supergazelledolores,"There are a lot of reviews saying, ""Don't expect it to be another Skyrim."" Believe them."
76561198007386929,Not Recommended,306130,29876360,Posted: 12 February,all,MeanFacedJohnny,"The game does not work for me as seems to be the case for many. Downloaded on steam, launcher starts, asks for firewall permissions, dies. Uninstall, reinstall, still no go. Move to other hard drive, no go. Turn off Firewalls and anti-virus, no go. Find the exe. hidden away as some on forums have suggested (because bethesda apparently has not answered any support tickets about the issue) New exe. redownloads the entire game for a third time (i'll be paying more to download this pos than it cost itself) but at least now I've made progress, I can hit play. Put in my login info (first time I've been able to woohoo), and am notified that my login will not work with this launcher, I need to start the game through steam to log in... back to square one. no go. Try to link steam account through ESO website, tells me I need to buy the game... These last two days have been a bad joke. I can't believe a AAA game like this has such glaring issues this far in its life. Thank goodness it was a gift, now to get my buddy his money back."
76561198354339865,Not Recommended,306130,29915119,Posted: 13 February,all,Kurtis1527,never got to play will say preparing to install the nothing
76561198055593926,Not Recommended,306130,29969749,Posted: 16 February,all,DUW2PAG,tried to revisit this MMO and can't won't load the game from luncher 10/10 would download for nothing again.
,Not Recommended,306130,30383341,Posted: 7 March,all,wooooo,"Honestly, its a great game and I do recommend it, but right now its not in a good spot. I bought it like 3-4 months ago and had a blast, stopped playing for a while, and I try to play again and the client doesnt work. Please fix this, but other than that great game."
,Not Recommended,306130,27749201,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RandomGuyDTB,"It's nothing at all like traditional Elder Scrolls installments, and that's what ruins it. I was expecting a second Skyrim with a richer landscape, and what I got was a barely 30 FPS graphical nightmare. It's 2016 and Oblivion has better graphics. I'm not sure I'll even play the next update to see what you've changed. Thank god I got a deal for it."
,Not Recommended,306130,29616209,Posted: 31 January,all,corrosivechains,"I used to enjoy this game but after they announced the new ""chapter"", Morrowind...I can't in good conscience recommend this game to anyone now.  This company explicitely stated when they went buy to play that 1) subscribers would have access to all DLC releases for their loyalty, and 2) that all content would be purchasable with crowns and crown packs.This new ""chapter"" will not be available to either.  I am not a subscriber, but I do purchase crowns with the express purpose to buy DLC, and had been sitting on 6000 crowns explicitly for a release such as this.  It's such a shady move on the part of Zenimax and Bethesda to take this course, especially toward people who have been subscribed since release and had been loyal customers through thick and thin.  It sucks I already paid for this, and that I can't get it through my prefered method of purchase while they already got my money...but you live and you learn.I'll be avoiding both future Bethesda titles and future Zenimax Online Studios products if they were to work on anything besides ESO.  I wont say you should do the same, but definitely think about what you're supporting before making your purchases."
76561198067225988,Recommended,306130,11328107,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,william_bagi,this game is awesome!
,Recommended,306130,12558611,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,justscream,"Its a very good game, with awesome graphics. I really recommend it for mmorpg lovers. However i only could play 30 days, i wont pay por a monthly subscription :/. I suggest to elimate the monthly subcription and make it free (this not means make the game a FTP)."
76561198256402818,Not Recommended,306130,32386809,Posted: 13 June,all,vj_bong0504,Can't play the game. Stucked after hitting 'Play'. Uninstalled right after.
76561197969458289,Not Recommended,306130,33085345,Posted: 1 July,all,Charok,Game is absolute TRASH.  Practically the entire time spent was trying to find something fun.  A TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.
,Recommended,306130,21005500,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,john wick,the hot girl died so i stopped playing and refunded
76561198143094674,Not Recommended,306130,32889387,Posted: 27 June,all,FeralSandpie,Meh
,Recommended,306130,16861584,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Chris Yoho,10/10i love this game it is trully a work of pure genius
76561197998821719,Not Recommended,306130,31160356,Posted: 15 April,all,Im Dennis!,"Takes 10 hours to download with solid internet connection, then crashes consistantly while playing"
76561197975068443,Not Recommended,306130,30535955,Posted: 15 March,all,KickitGood,"I play on the north american server.I started out LOVING this game...once i got logged in.So much stuff going on in this, once you get logged in.There are a ton of quests you can do, guilds you can interact with areas to explore, dungeons to run .....  once the login lets you on to the server.The characters and races are nicely done if you can login to see them.See a trend?If i play on the European server it loge me in the first time every time. I am however in North America so i need to use the NA server to keep my ping down, i just tried 8 times in a row...gave up last night at 7 tries....every time i get a ""time out"" error. Zenimax's suggestion to this problem that is obviously according to them on my end, quit the game, quit the launcher and restart.I really wanted to love this game but i am so turned off by this, there are plenty of other games i have no probs getting in to, i now feel regret about spending anything on this game, a couple of the dlc and a now cancelled subscription, and move on."
,Recommended,306130,30316999,Posted: 4 March,all,The Pyromaniac,It's a good game I think I only have like 7 or 8 hrs but i still think it's a good game
,Not Recommended,306130,23408954,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Spazae,i didnt like it at all
,Not Recommended,306130,17907946,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Anonymity,Not your traditional mmo... not really that fun...
,Not Recommended,306130,15448588,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Wintercatalyst,I thought...But now I know thinking is fatal when it comes to ESO
76561198008644083,Not Recommended,306130,17214354,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Dasher,was a good game sort of but will not load now ?so dont buy poor gaming issues
76561198149792429,Not Recommended,306130,18706514,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,✪  B  A  R  D  ✪,this game is basically world of warcraft with better graphics
,Recommended,306130,16827459,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Judas,WAERGHERGH AERHAEHRET GEH
76561197991201231,Recommended,306130,16781820,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,GaryLaserEyes,"I cant stop playing it for the time being. Its become a second job, but really i play it pretty relaxed and calm. The only MMO where ive enjoyed grinding. Even after 70+ hours"
76561198008765351,Not Recommended,306130,24141349,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Dirty Deeds,"Looks to be a very interesting game, but if you have to reinstall it every other day to stop the crashes then there's not muchpoint!!!"
,Not Recommended,306130,16985394,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,notTrevor,"Ok, let's be honest. This game took an awesome idea and just decided to do the complete opposit of it. They said it was multi-player, and well it is, i was under the impression that it was co-op not MMO. This game was very poorly made and the only reason i decided to buy it after i herd all of these bad things about it was that i didn't want to belive that Bethesda made a bad game. All of their games were amazing but this one, this one was something different! Even know you may be tempted to buy it just because you think it will still be good, don't! It is over priced and it is just...,even know it pains me to say it, HORRIBLE!"
76561198117428873,Not Recommended,306130,34394910,Posted: 21 August,all,JunkYard,"Maintenance is ridiculous long 5-112 hours or more every week, all at onced, no other MMO is down that long that often. we all know you can fix bugs on a back up server then implement it in a patch etc.  I will be telling all my youtube subs, and friends to avoid this game like the plague until you DO BETTER! I will not reconmend this game untill this is fixed DO BETTER!  also LOTS of behind the paywall content. like making game droped gear so ugly you rather cut out your eyes then look at it, but also just simply moving around the game is so much harder if you dont buy extras."
,Not Recommended,306130,35231761,Posted: 26 September,all,Chokobat,TES is DED
76561198060609667,Not Recommended,306130,26764029,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,S'Oggy Ballz,"I can't even launch the game. The launcher is stuck at Loading.. I tried going into the folder and launch the game using eso.exe, but then it says the game is outdated. I find this very amateuristic. Immediatly refunded this piece of crap"
76561198120133315,Not Recommended,306130,26717368,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,viso.rex,"Game will look like 10 years old. When you want to buy it, you have to study several sites which version, because Steam is not clear what version of ESO: TU get. It's just update or it is not necessary to play or just versions ESO Gold ?? The game, which players must complement Addons that stood for something, that price is mockery, too expensive even after discount. I'm trying, I'm playing, but I'm embarrassed, almost angry, unhappy.--------------------------------------------Hra sa tváří jako 10 let stará. Když si ji chceš koupit, musíš si prostudovat několik webů, jakou verzi, protože na Steamu není jasné, co ve verzi ESO: TU dostanu. Je to jen update nebo je to vůbec potřebné pro hraní, anebo stačí jen verze ESO: Gold?? Hra, kterou musí doplňovat hráči Addony, aby za něco stála, to cena je výsměch, moc drahé i po slevě. Zkouším, hraji, ale jsem v rozpacích, skoro angry, unhappy."
76561198086919345,Not Recommended,306130,29938881,Posted: 15 February,all,The Wildcard,"I have never been this aggravated by a game before. There's so much WRONG in ESO's installation process that it boggles the mind.Let's get this out of the way. Maybe you're one of the few lucky ones who can actually install this behemot with no problems. If that's your case, awesome, you can enjoy the game and keep on with your life.But, if you're not a lucky one... prepare to suffer.The amount of issues this Steam release has, as of Feb. 2017, is insane. Let me tell you about the misery I've experienced so far:1) Download 56gb before installing anything at all. Steam doesn't install the game, it just downloads the files.2) After you're done downloading that at a good speed, prepare to wait another eternity for the next 40 gb of patches the game will require you to donwload from the slowest launcher in human history.3) If, by some magical chance, you remain alive after all this time, prepare to face one of the many ""fatal errors"" the game might throw at you. In my case, it was number 11.4) In order to fix the issue, the launcher required me to download 37gb more. Why? I have no idea.5) Even with that, the issue was not fixed, and when I tried to repair it again, I got a brand new error: 104, no space in disk, even though I can clearly see 700gb of free space, but, ok, ♥♥♥♥ me.6) I decided to contact ESO support. They were of 0 help and answered just with miserable pre-designed answers.7) I decided to ask the community for help in the forums, but, oh-oh, turns out you need an invitation code to post in the forums. How do you get this code? Why, they give it to you once you link you Steam account to your ESO account. And when can you do that? When you start the game. Which I couldn't do.8) Told ESO support about this and they basically said ""though luck"".9) At this point I was frustrated beyond belief. I basically uninstalled EVERYHTING and started from scratch.10) I downloaded all 56 gb once more. After a full eternity, game was, once again, downloaded.11) I tried to open the lanuncher but, oh-oh, new surprise: now it just goes to 100% and then dissapears. Beautiful.12) Since I know for a fact ESO support can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥ I dive around in forums and Steam to find a solution.13) Right now I'm installing something someone suggested, after having used a grpahic card driver hotfix. I don't know if this is going to work, but whatever.14) If it does work, I'm looking at another 12 hours of download time, at best.Why such a miserable system? Why no incremental updates? Why not a delta updating system that lets you play as you donwload? Why have I spent such a long time with a game that, apparently, has become sentient and doesn't want me to play it?I have no idea if ESO is a good game or not, but I'm completely certain its support team is utter trash, Steam integration is garbage (I recommend having a bard narrate the information to you instead of Steam-installing) and the amount of data they expect you to wait through is simply absurd. And don't get me that ""it's an mmo"" argument. GW2 is gigantic and you can still play it without having to grow a beard like Gandalf. Same with Blizzard. This is just miserable optimization and a terrible way to lose customers.So yeah, ♥♥♥♥ this game. I don't recommend it by any means, at least not in Steam. If this♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm trying doesn't work, I'm asking for a refund.Im done.EDIT: So, I finally managed to get into the game and it's been an amazing experience so far. HOWEVER, it was not Zenimax's support which helped me get there, it was the community. So, all my love to the community, nothing to Zenimax. As long as they keep providing such a miserable experience for Steam users, this review is staying negative. F - I - X - Y - O - U - R - C - R - A - P.If you pay for this, DEMAND a working product."
76561198050959982,Not Recommended,306130,29988332,Posted: 17 February,all,Boemkool,"To be honest it seems a very decent game, but i expected more. For me it really misses the adventure and fun to explore as known from The elder scrolls V: Skyrim. basically i just ended up grinding most of the time and running back and forth emptying my bag.  there is not really something special drawing me back to the game or giving me a desire to play more.so in short, for me, decent game, nothing special."
,Not Recommended,306130,29854969,Posted: 11 February,all,Nutty,"Will not work, I tried and tried again, but nothing works, because I tried everything but it just will not install"
76561198347425666,Not Recommended,306130,29889637,Posted: 12 February,all,Woosaaahh,What a waste!!! Its hard to login!
,Not Recommended,306130,34247346,Posted: 14 August,all,"Paulim,menor chave",sa ♥♥♥♥♥ da erro paguei 150 pila pra da erro slk mano
,Not Recommended,306130,32966122,Posted: 28 June,all,Avicus,This game is horrible to play. No content at all. It lags and crashes really badly. You have to pay real money to get anything good in the game. The tech support is horrible and of no help. Don't waste your time
76561197991287324,Not Recommended,306130,32555589,Posted: 18 June,all,Slinky,"Played this game quite a bit and enjoyed every moment.  Had to take a break because of school, and when I came back to play it, my intel HD 4600 could no longer run the game.  Wasted money as I can no longer play."
,Not Recommended,306130,29871773,Posted: 12 February,all,meltypixel,"The quests in this game are really poorly written and designed. The combat and controls are better than other MMOs I've played, and it's not bad looking, but I feel like after giving this game a pretty good chunk of my time, I didn't have any fun."
76561198040805871,Not Recommended,306130,20111488,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,No love Just war,this game dose not work don't get it >:(
76561198060325578,Not Recommended,306130,32282737,Posted: 8 June,all,Eater of Hope,I don't know what to say about this game to be honest. If I had a group of people to play with religiously it would be good. I haven't played it enough though to say otherwise.
,Not Recommended,306130,25456970,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Drop.Kick,"I purchased the Imperial Edition only to have it be made useless less then a year later by this new ""Gold"" edition.  They are giving away 4 DLC for the price of the base game.  Real swell job of slapping people in the face who paid extra for the Imperial Edition."
76561198076348458,Recommended,306130,11329537,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,SuhDude ✌,"Ignore game time played i have played it a lot more than that i think that just the time the laucher has been open. Any way I really reccomend this game dont worry about all the bad reviews its a really fun and entertaining game to play. Dont worry about the monthly fee, just use your free 30 days then do what everone else is saying and take off ur subscription and if u liked it pay for a month so u can play some more or wait till its free, and same thing for of u dont want to play just wait till its free. I just bought it because it was 50% off. I didnt thing form all the reviews that its would be good but it turns out its and amazing game with a brilliant stroy line and side quest with tones of customization. I truly reccomend this to everyone. Wouldnt you rather say oh well i bought and i didnt like it instead of saying what if i bought it because if u dont buy youll never now your truwe experience of the game."
,Recommended,306130,11595969,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,baseball061307,ESO 5 Stars!!!!
76561198098030457,Not Recommended,306130,31132788,Posted: 14 April,all,kostalion,"I HAD TO DOWNLOAD 60GB OF THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME 4♥♥♥♥♥♥ TIMES,BECAUSE THE DEVELOPERS COULDN T WARN YOU NOT TO VERIFY FILES FROM THE STEAM LAUNCHER"
,Not Recommended,306130,25431753,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ShinkuMoon,"Thief guild and DB conents are in paid DLC. This is like you purchase a national flag with several stars on it missing, and you are told you need to pay more to get them. This is the greediest and stupidest DLC content I have ever heard of. Even the scorched earth for ARK is considerably greater than this idea."
76561198011021896,Not Recommended,306130,25678405,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,nanoduckling,"You cant buy the DLC via steam, and their website is a massive pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Typical MMORPG bull on that one, so I suggest not buying it if they haven't properly integrated their crappy store into Steam yet as you have to go through multiple log in screen to get it to work."
76561198145234355,Recommended,306130,11328854,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,L2_Eat_Haiti,"this game is great :) BY WHAT IVE SEEN IN VIDEOS!! ive recently purchesed the standard edition ,and all was going fine i thought until it trys to make purchase game time ! im pretty sure that within the notice box it says ""30 days unlimited game play included with purchase."" i would like to be able to use the free time before actually using a card, im not complaining about any money situation its the priciple of it , i should be able to be motivated to get into games like this , not avoid it because like always their is some big hassle, and i even double checked to make sure that the purchase was within the givin time(and if any represenitive of steam or elder scrolls comes across this please contact me through my gmail account,snyderarin@gmail.com,thank you kindly)"
76561198078656920,Not Recommended,306130,14094053,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Twaar,-Horrible Gameplay-Horrible Questguides-Horrible Lootsystem-Horrible Acccountmanagment-Extremly bad Customer Support (horrible)-Got 30 Days of Gameplay included? Guess what? You still have pay more before you can play.Well...it looks kinda nice...Do not buy - not even with you parents money!
,Not Recommended,306130,21672462,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,wat,"I'm not paying you to play a thief. Give me the guild for free if you want my blind, obedient gamer-faith."
76561198079797639,Recommended,306130,11495676,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,AbyssWalker,"Amazing ,payment plan♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off but the game is pretty damn fun"
,Recommended,306130,11328887,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Memphistopheles,♥♥♥♥ing love it. :)
76561198109953404,Not Recommended,306130,19467664,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,napali,"Just finished my first session of about 3 hours. So far I find ESO extremely easy and unchallenging. All the enemies including both  monsters and humanoids go down in 4-5 hits with a basic sword without causing any damage to me.Very boring so far, I must admit I am dissapointed. Not sure I will return."
,Recommended,306130,11423155,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Yunito,It is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. totally worth it!too mad you can't use a controller. :(
76561198174491482,Not Recommended,306130,29913070,Posted: 13 February,all,uziXwraith,":iamsolame: HI! Do you like being RIPPED OFF? If so, then buy this game. Go AHEAD. You deserve it.Now, before I get into what kind of piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥this game was, (after I was STUCK with the game) lemme tell you how BADLY Steam drops the ball when it comes to refunds...(I bet Steam is kicking themselves for giving me a review chance) First off, I was VERY skeptical upon purchase, but decided to buy anyways... solely on the strength of the refund policy here on :joker:STEAM:joker:BOY WAS I IN FOR A SURPRISE.So first, the download to my system took all night! 60gb file DL, ok... Comcast HI speed, took Skyrim took 5 minutes to download. This took all night. 9 hrs. THEN!!! HA, :joker: THERE IS AN IN GAME DOWNLOAD... THAT EATS YOUR STEAM TRADEMARKED ""DEMO"" TIME of four measly hours...I mean really even without the ripoff In-Game Download (IGD) that pretty much forces you keep the ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, HOW ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO DECIDE IF YOU WANT AN RPG IN A COUPLE OF HOURS? We need a day to decide. AT LEAST. Really that even might be too little, cuz alot of Steam games are pretty steamy... like fresh manure... But I digress. When I approached steam for a refund, based on the fact my GPU was too weak to run this game well (low end settings=choppy framerate) last year when I bought this turd of a game, they DENIED ME REFUND OF THE GAME saying I EXCEEDED the DEMO playtime of four hours...SO, LONG INTO SHORT: You run a game on steam for 4 hours, ya bought it. NO MATTER WHAT.I was In Game Downloading content (for idk what) for 5 hours...1 hour after official deadline for refund... And a WHOPPING 14 total hours til i finally got to play this piece of windows95 feeling morrowind♥♥♥♥♥♥game. WOW~! GAHDDAHMN...WHATTA TURD.The ""players"" are more like NPCs, running around in circles tryna buff their athletic stats, while the chat is like listening to a deranged split personality schizophrenic hold 500 conversations at once.  The love and marriage system is like trying to impregnate a robot. Half the time the person is AFK or just doesnt know how to use the in-game chat features... like I didnt. I will give the game 1 thing: The character models are Gorgeous. Voluptuous. Sexy. Fap Nation. I fell in love with 3 fat♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Nord babes, and one REALLLY sexy breton with pretty eyes and even bigger♥♥♥♥♥♥ But... Then you try to do a quest... it feels like... a.. disneyland scripted event. Yea, you walk into a cave...*Squish* you see some slime or somesuch morrowind feeling turdball, stab it, blam. Feels like nothing. IN SKYRIM, when you hit an enemy, your character was animated like he really was struggling in a battle. The sword had WEIGHT, the villain had MASS, when they fell, they ragdolled and you sighed relief. And ate 400 carrots 4 potions and a healing spell. But you felt ACCOMPLISHED. HERE? In ESO? THE ENEMIES FEEL LIKE ANIMATED RAGDOLLS. The swords feel like paper, the animation timing is odd, and it feels like a Windows 95 game set in 2015. Coolest thing about this game was the trading cards.(other than the player babes) I loved :molag: Oblivion, :whiterun: and all the Elder Scrolls games really, I really, really fail to see why this game was a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I also fail to see why steam treats me like a ♥♥♥♥♥ and keeps my money even though I have NEVER REINSTALLED THIS 60GB batchfile.TURD.exeShame on Bethesda for In-Game Downloading. Shame on Steam for Allowing In-Game Downloading to count towards demo time runout. :joker:RN B4 writing this review, I literally had ESO GOLD EDITION in my Steam store que just now... :joker: & All I can scream in your ♥♥♥♥ing face are WHO lyrics: WE WON'T GET FOOLED AGAIN."
76561198020158855,Not Recommended,306130,29052264,Posted: 5 January,all,alienjack,"Overly complicated BS, designed to ruin the gaming experience while eternally milking you for cash. The game is structured on a ""free-to-play"" model, but they're graceless enough to charge you for the base game, then divert you towards the ""crown store"" so that they can tease you with the possibility of making the game playable, while never actually delivering.If you came to this game looking for a similar experience to Skyrim or Morrowind, your money is best spent elsewhere. Like, anywhere else; crack or meth is a more productive use of your money than this unplayable piece of excrement. This game has absolutely none of the beauty or playability of the previous Elder Scrolls games, and you will spend hours flailing around in frustration at a whole new set of controls and interfaces that are counter-intuitive at best, thinking that maybe you're not having fun yet because you don't understand how the controls work.But it's not the controls. It's the fact that this game is unplayable garbage♥♥♥♥♥♥out by a money-grubbing company with zero respect for its user base.Screw this game. Screw it right in its fat, stupid ear. This game is a total waste of money, and if you buy it after reading this, or any other, review, you're a fool."
76561198016079739,Recommended,306130,11299920,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Geralt of Rivea,For the people complaining about having to pay the fifteen dollar subscription fee it is true that you need to add a payment option to start playing but you are not charged till the time that came with the game has run out. To make sure you arent charged you have to go into the subscription options and cancel your auto renewal very fast and easy.
76561197981078180,Recommended,306130,11466373,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,4ofDeath,Very fun game!! Diffently fills like an Elder Scrolls game.
76561198174990701,Not Recommended,306130,14441488,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,mathew-taylor8,i have had this game for 3 days now and have been unable to play it i am installing it for the second time unhappy
76561198160424080,Not Recommended,306130,13611759,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,gr3y,the game sucks i cant even get into my acount
76561198143378805,Not Recommended,306130,13610762,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[inactive],don't waste your money on this game its 14.00$ a month just to play after you've boguth the game itself! this game is really bad and don't get it!!!
,Not Recommended,306130,26125014,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Thawed,"The game is not inherrently bad, especially for what it is. What I was hoping for was maybe a little more of an Elder Scrolls feel, what this ended up feeling like was WoW with an Elder Scrolls skin + First Person. The art style, in my opinion, is really off-putting, and the quest lines feel generic and quite uninteresting. Just the general placement of quest giving NPCs in the landscape feels like you're walking around Disneyland getting on the next ride; definition of a themepark game. The immersive landscapes are hardly existent, and the world just feels plastic. That being said, it's a unique-ish MMO, but it is at the end of the day, just another MMO."
76561198251942554,Not Recommended,306130,35152645,Posted: 23 September,all,pammysbak,"have not yet had a chance too play Eso however my brother plys alot of it and let me play, from what i hae played its a very good game, but must be prepared for a two day download hoping your computer will run it. mine did not once the download had compleated. this would have been a posotive review if steam customer support could have helped me more, as apparently watching the download is techniqly gameplay you cannot expect a refund as it takes over 24hrs too download please make sure you very much want too play this game before downloading. once agin as you will not be intiltled too a refund. started the download two weeks ago and haave still not played a single hr of it. even though it tells me iv played it for over six hours. i know this is down too a glitch with steam reading downloads as gametime"
76561198063963211,Not Recommended,306130,22486673,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,"EVERY MORNING I WAKE UP AND OPEN PALM SLAM A VHS INTO THE SLOT. IT’S CHRONICLES OF RIDDICK AND RIGHT THEN AND THERE I START DOING THE MOVES ALONGSIDE WITH THE MAIN CHARACTER, RIDDICK. I DO EVERY MOVE AND I DO EVERY MOVE HARD. MAKIN WHOOSHING SOUNDS WHEN I SLAM DOWN SOME NECRO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S OR EVEN WHEN I MESS UP TECHNIQUE. NOT MANY CAN SAY THEY ESCAPED THE GALAXYS MOST DANGEROUS PRISON. I CAN. I SAY IT AND I SAY IT OUTLOUD EVERYDAY TO PEOPLE IN MY COLLEGE CLASS AND ALL THEY DO IS PROVE PEOPLE IN COLLEGE CLASS CAN STILL BE IMMATURE JEKRS. AND IVE LEARNED ALL THE LINES AND IVE LEARNED HOW TO MAKE MYSELF AND MY APARTMENT LESS LONELY BY SHOUTING EM ALL. 2 HOURS INCLUDING WIND DOWN EVERY MORNIng"
,Recommended,306130,20109634,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Randy Marsh,I got a horse from some dude i blew in an alley.10/10 would blow again.
,Recommended,306130,11323665,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Menphues,"Well where to start.Edit: The game is now buy to play with no subscription so making the buy for this game amazing. You will not regret it. It really is so much fun to play. I currently still pay to play this game because I enjoy it so much!If you enjoy the world of Oblivion or Skyrim then I am sure you will enjoy this game.I am not much of a fan of these games but I have played them and they are good fun, so that adds some points.The controls are little weird and basic with the character control being sometimes awkward but you easily get used to this and you learn quickly and suss things out.The audio is basic, and I mean really hack and slash with weird yelling and screaming and that is the game, nothing special.... Considering it is an MMO what do you expect?The graphics are updated slightly from oblivion and closer to the Skyrim graphics just not as good I feel.  Really they graphics are not as good as you think on maxed out settings running about 80FPS.The massive problem I find is missions with friends.  If you are both different alliances you cannot play together, so there make a NEW character and play the game all over again because you are limited to only doing a group with your own alliances, then ontop of that you share a mission with your group or friend, you carry on and the mission gets updated for both, you DIE or leave the area the mission stops.  If you have a friend who power runs on to hand the mission in... Then you will not get it and ALWAYS must be together and this is frustrating.There are also missions that are solo and some are really really really hard to do alone, which causes you to rage and leave the mission and come back another time to attempt.Also, if you buy the imperial edition and whatever else DLC.... You make a character and the items only store to one I noticed.  I made a character, got all my loot and special stuff and then ran around happy.  Thinking of I make another one and join my friends alliance who been playing the game a lot longer than me.... Nope! I did not get ANYTHING special like all my special stuff on this character too, it is one and only time to whatever you choose, so really choose wisely.I bought myself 90 days to play this game, and I also bought it for a family member to play with because this type of game really does need to be played with friends to enjoy the game a lot more than what it is.  Playing alone you are bored out of your mind because it does feel like you have so much to do, starting from scratch on a new game fair enough but a game you've played a lot of times before, being different.The main story will take a huge amount of hours and that is not including any of the DLC options.  If you own all them, then expect a huge amount of time to be invested if you want to 100% each world and alliance story quest!Personally the game is good fun with a friend or 3 (Max 4)Overal the game is good fun and worth the time and effort you put into it.  Just do not play alone.  I was not much a fan of Skyrim but I played Oblivion and that was a good game.  This feels like Oblivion meets Diablo with something else in the mix I cannot put my finger on, but it is a different kinda MMO and REALLY good to play.Would I recommend? Yes! Without a doubt one of the best MMORPG games out there, if not the best!"
76561198082135898,Not Recommended,306130,14645342,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Jeebus,"i just paid 75$ to the ♥♥♥♥ing subscrebtion only to know they will cancel it next ♥♥♥♥ing mounth, and guess what, no ♥♥♥♥ing refunds"
76561198093706101,Not Recommended,306130,14396496,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,maxcaldwell1,I have no idea if this is a decent game or not. The installer has been so buggy that I have not yet played it.
76561198051074674,Not Recommended,306130,16767715,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,clint.deguzman,"I bought the Imperial edition for $100 and this game keeps on contantly keecking me out to the login screen whether in a Dungeon Group or just running around the open world, heck it happened to me so many times while I was selling items to merchants. I have an i7-4790K, 16GB 2400Mh CL10 RAM, 5x 120GB SSD on RAID 0, Maximus VII Hero, ASUS R9 290 DCUII OC and I plug in to the ethernet. All for naught. I never experience this anywhere else but on this game. It is really frustrating. I wish that I can just get my money back because their tech support cannot seem to fix my issue. I even went as far as reimaging my PC and reloading everything fresh. It still happens."
76561198128516972,Not Recommended,306130,17342712,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,The White Mask,"Played the game for an hour, hated it. Tried to get my money back, Steam claims I've played for 14 hours.That's the installer - I left it on overnight. This game is crap and there's no refunds. I've been trying all day.-Terrible MMO-Terrible Elder Scrolls GameZenimax can go to hell."
,Not Recommended,306130,23973804,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Danny Devito,The balance in this game is horrible. And you can pull a bow much more faster than what you can in this game :l
76561198076027476,Not Recommended,306130,24934881,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Black Rage,"Not recommendedThis has been my experience so far.- Around two days to download the 60GB Client.- Then the game needs to install. Downloading another 10GB(Install took six hours)- Create Account on ESO website.- After creating account can't log into game or on the ESO website.- Reset password, but still can't log in.(Tried this about 4 times)- Try to backup the game on my PC, but steam can't verify the game files.- Click verify game files, download starts from scratch.About 3 days to install a game and haven't played a single minute.I hope this helps someone else before they waste money on this peace of crap.PS. And the best part is it shows 8.4 hours played when I havn't even logged in yet."
76561198065112145,Not Recommended,306130,21771758,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kanye's Final Form,"Bought it.Jumped through 150 hoops to get this thing installed and ready to go.Log in.""We can't connect you to the server.""OkayUninstalledRefundNever been able to play this game on several platforms due to horrible connection issues and technical issues with basically no customer or technical support from the devs. THUMBS DOWN."
76561197966196002,Not Recommended,306130,23888907,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[SLAK]Usetheforce,"Id love to be able to play it except after downloading 56GB from steam, installing the client which downloads another ~30GB of updates (yess 100GB!) You load the game only to get a fatal error 11 from the client on load up.  Apparently fixing the client requires me to download the 32GB updates file again!  You have to be kidding me!  Great way to start a game thats for sure! LOL Can post this review as I need to have used the product for 5 minutes , only 4 minutes of crashes so far!"
76561198129974153,Not Recommended,306130,13653850,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,callmebugshomie,i pay $60.00 on this game and i have to pay a $15 bloody dollers for some gay SUBSCRIPTION!!!!!! or i cant play the bloody game
,Not Recommended,306130,14304683,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,BabyMaker,"this game makes me pay per mount.. i just stupid download this game, i dont have credit card and cant play it because it."
,Not Recommended,306130,34490700,Posted: 25 August,all,💤,bad
76561198369766806,Not Recommended,306130,31185533,Posted: 16 April,all,mcslayer05,on mac it is a complete bull cuase i bouaght the game and it chrashes before i start it up
,Not Recommended,306130,35032452,Posted: 17 September,all,Playboi Carti,Gets boring and costs way too much
76561197964956426,Not Recommended,306130,32494397,Posted: 16 June,all,[r]ubber o_0.usa #watchoutt,"first 3 hours.... is run talk to npc , run to next npc , run to next npc , THENNN run to an NPC . Havent killed a single thing for a quest in least 3 hours of start of game. Maybe gets good  10 hrs in .. but good god the start of this game is top 3 worst bore fest. Anyone know how youget refunds ? also how long time frame you have , thanks"
,Not Recommended,306130,17922991,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Barbosa706,"The world in this game is amazing and huge. Combat system and character skills is a complete disappointment. Zenimax Online Studios is a great at making basic games using great titles. I only have 7.8 hours because I was pre-ordered the game before it was released on Steam and back then I had a Mac laptop. So you know...I played on my mac which wasn't fun. I played that game on my mac for over 100 hours on my sorc and I realized wow what a terrible version of ES ... after all it IS CALLED ELDER SCROLLS ONLINE so I do kind of expect it to have the some of the important combat/skills and the same veriety of spells as....you know... series that ESO is based off of....Anyways I sold my Mac about 8 months ago. Then it went unlimited and all of my friends on steam got it and I was like...""is it good?"" and they said it's amazing and blah blah blah so I got it and played for 6.6 hours and realized ""wait a second..wheres all the spells mages are suppose to have??""..sure they added some stuff here and there. Still nothing compared to the veriety of spells that ES actually has and it's still not in ESO and  what the F*CK it's been over a year now and still nothing that I was hoping for. But anyways Sorc is probably the only class I will play since it's the only one that doesn't have an ability that doesn't make sense (ask me to name them all and I will with great detail)....if this game had a damn unicorn that could fly maybe the abilities would have made some sense...but you know...they don't...Pros:-Great world to explore-Good Graphics-Crafting System is actually interestingCons-Shell of Elder Scrolls-Another Basic MMO-When I played I thought of Rift ( must have been those portal things that pop out of the sky)-Horrible combat/skill simply because of those stupid abilities that doesn't really add up...-very very limited spells for mages to cast....where all of the spells that ES have?And everyday I am forcing myself to play it for a little bit hoping to get my money's worth since I can't return it and maybe one day I will get drunk enough to love this game for a night I hope..."
,Not Recommended,306130,26652904,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,"Magic ways, my friends!",Had ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop.Upgraded to monster PC (was forced to take windows 10).Launcher hasnt worked since.Games GG for me.
76561197992263088,Not Recommended,306130,26705837,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,diabolic012002,"Still after all this years there are login problems, micro transactions etc. Game, when you actually happen to login is good, of course not for full price. Like I say when this game first came out and now again... problems are still there. For now not recommended, will see if they repair log in problems."
,Not Recommended,306130,26408489,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Rising Gale,spent almost 48 god damn hours and than it wants me to download it yet again hell no I do not recommend the steam version of this game 1/10 I cannot even play it in peace!!!
,Not Recommended,306130,26673767,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Primordial Poodle,"strangely lite, simple and boring game having a hero customization strongly resembling that of The elder Scrolls games.other than that:.. oh there's a dark ritual of substantially low importance in that random cave on a shore - you know what to do!"
,Not Recommended,306130,30486603,Posted: 13 March,all,Char240,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME ON STEAM. It forces you into an infinite file validation loop and it's preventing me from playing the game at all because the game is updated through it's launcher. steam doesn't recognise this and tries to fix it by downgrading to the older version, forcing you to redownload the update through the launcher."
76561198094618652,Not Recommended,306130,28569303,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Porkchoppp,"Of my 26 hours of play time 3 of them have been actually playing, the rest are from trying to connect to the god damn servers. Support only give me generic, unhelpfull replys. Dont but this piece of crap. World of warcraft always works."
,Recommended,306130,11295329,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Okui🎃,"The Elder Scrolls Online, is it worth getting?well you really haft to ask yourself.Are MMORPGs your thing?Do you wish to play a game like the other Elder Scrolls games even though it's nothing like them?*My own opinion*I paid over £200 at the launch of this game.I had high hopes for this game the moment it was  announced a year or two ago.I feel that this game is a let down but this game has both ups and downs.I recommend playing this game with friends. :DI'd say get ElderScrolls Online if you love the ElderScroll games5/10"
,Not Recommended,306130,11348843,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,World,sdf
,Recommended,306130,19858914,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,High Latency,The BEST MMO :D
76561198218555719,Recommended,306130,23383866,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,RICKY THOMAS,I'm speechless when I get into the game. One word BEST!
76561198128315633,Recommended,306130,17851430,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,YummyApple,-
,Not Recommended,306130,34631655,Posted: 31 August,all,coachemcee1992,are you ♥♥♥♥ing serious takes hours yet alone days to ♥♥♥♥ing download soon as done get a splash screen for updating are you ♥♥♥♥ing that♥♥♥♥♥♥u cant have the latest files? considering how packed the servers are on steam to even download games get better servers. we pay for what we want and should be best quality not♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,306130,31940378,Posted: 24 May,all,Duke,"Are you imagining Skyrim but online? Well don't. It's not like that at all. If you want to enjoy game with an expansive world for 5-6 hours then buy this.Sorry, what's that? You don't? Well thats a relief. Spend your money elsewhere."
76561197970605438,Not Recommended,306130,29676400,Posted: 3 February,all,Rogerius Rex,"From time-to-time I try to play this game, but it is keep reminding me that the connection to the serves are not stable. Very annoying getting disconnected in the middle of an intense fight and unable to reconnect."
,Not Recommended,306130,20050396,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ainsley Jones,BOOOOO!!!! first reason crashes all the time next freezes all the time waist of 60 dollars
76561198248474360,Not Recommended,306130,21557279,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Range4 csgolive.com,Very boring and stupid. A waste of 60$ get fallout instead!!!
,Not Recommended,306130,24064639,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,RyanBlue,More like ESnO
76561198164824635,Not Recommended,306130,34056859,Posted: 6 August,all,Mid or Lose,"such a dissapointed, this game can't run in my computer, it won't launch when i clicked the ""PLAY"" button (nothing happens), also when i tried to get into eso website and logged in with my steam account, it says ""you have to purchase the game first before log in"". I've already purchase the game, but i dont have morrowind DLC maybe thats why. Until now i still can't play the game *going to refund*"
,Not Recommended,306130,15222089,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ophiouro,I wanted to like this more than I do. It is a good game but feels like a job. Every MMO feels like a job to some degree but this one has me feeling stressed by level 20(of50)... Roommate bought it so we could play together... still felt like a job.
76561198033867534,Not Recommended,306130,16238875,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Doomfever,"The game is very buggy. It is unlike skyrim, where u can be a wizard, rogue or warrior at the same time. The skill tree is much more limited as compare to skyrim. Most quest are repetitive, basically just killing a few things and running about. Doesn't really shine when compare to other free mmorpg. I played for 73 min and then I asked for a refund. Really a waste of time...."
,Not Recommended,306130,29963911,Posted: 16 February,all,THICC BUTT,I've never felt so alone in an MMO before...
,Not Recommended,306130,29973435,Posted: 16 February,all,For the Queen,this was a waste of time2.5/10
76561198101360669,Not Recommended,306130,30404353,Posted: 8 March,all,Sarnak III,"I honestly can not recomend this game in any way other than for lore on the Elder Scrolls series. So many design choices made in the name of ""balnce"" honestly ruined my experiance."
76561198082948801,Not Recommended,306130,25938565,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SpoonFeeder,"This game is half baked and everything is in secret including guilds. I tried to like this game but it's so empty. The most fun I witnessed was someon talking about politics in the current political state yet the people, even the guilds, are just dead. I've seen more compassion come from NPCs than the average player base of this game. I really wanted to like it or the people but they seem so tied to a post that it's not even worth it. It's a considerable amount of money if you want to go all-in support like I have. But ... it's dry."
76561198078138574,Not Recommended,306130,29834477,Posted: 10 February,all,ThePhilistine,Would be fantastic if their luancher would ♥♥♥♥ing start up
76561198047960097,Not Recommended,306130,29856498,Posted: 11 February,all,Eclipse,Played it twice now I can't get past loading screen
,Not Recommended,306130,30437091,Posted: 10 March,all,skeleltor,"Game takes forever to update, constantly dc's when i try to leave certain zones and my friend can't even load the game at all. The ♥♥♥♥ is this"
,Not Recommended,306130,30016600,Posted: 18 February,all,aHalfDedSquirrel,"This game is a total pile of garbage. Graphics are sub par, combat is extremely slow, controls are unresponsive, combat sytle is boring with just pressing 1-5 for abilities, charater creator lacks depth, character movement animation is wonky, The developers are more worried about adding useless things like costumes, mounts, and player housing (which it should have had from launch) than actually adding good content and fixing major issues with the game such as EXTREME lag in PVP. Keybindings are limiting, and ability animation glitches can be seen within the first 10 minutes. E and R are both used for interact buttons at different times when only one button is needed, and your mount disappears when you get off of it and reappears when called again. Also, enemy attacks and abilities are telegraphed to the point a kindergartener can see them coming, and the list just continues...In conclusion:Pros - dungeons promote good group play and effort.Cons - EVERYTHING ELSE!I tried coming back to this game after well over a year off hoping there had been some major changes and improvements made. But I was sadly so let down and frustrated. After 3 hours of playing I was yelling at the game.Do yourself a favor people and go play Black Desert Online. You will forget this trash ever existed."
,Not Recommended,306130,29883263,Posted: 12 February,all,TrollingTurtle,"I haven't played it yet but I am already dishonered by the fact it took a week to download, I was so excited when it downloaded. I launched it! Another day of waiting because it had to download something after I downloaded it, god bethesda, I am a huge fan but, my 30 friends had the same problem, their is a lot more I bet, but god guys, make it one download! I am 80/20. 80 being aI hate it. 20 being I almost like it. Please, just, make it faster, don't waste peoples time buying it and waiting for a week!"
,Not Recommended,306130,34440003,Posted: 23 August,all,Chad Thundercock,"i really wanted to like this game but for some reason everytime i enter a new area the game always took me back to the main screen, i can already see my self dumping countless of hours to play this game but this small issue totally ♥♥♥♥ed me up, if you can help me with this issue kindly please add me ive played for way too long to get a refund"
,Recommended,306130,11553421,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,bOqs_✪,Legit :)
76561198091744941,Recommended,306130,11564872,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Namless/Marry,Its a fun game im start by that an its one of the best MMo game i have played in a long time So i would recommend this game to mostly every gameing type person an to everyone
76561198071405200,Recommended,306130,11506052,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Nessi22,"The game is just like skyrim and oblivion but he is harder and the enemies have lvl, this game is good"
76561198039525383,Not Recommended,306130,31630793,Posted: 8 May,all,SalJM,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME THROUGH STEAM.The launcher is broken and lacks essential game files.It will not run, and will not give you the permissions necessary to fix it.Go to the ESO website to download and purchase the game.Steam does not deserve your business with this item, it DOES NOT RUN."
76561198165284722,Not Recommended,306130,15254719,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,RiddleWraith,"I would really like this game...if I could actually play it! The most recent update has decided to screw with my computer to the point that I can't even start up this $80 steaming pile. I don't recommend wasting your money on this. The installation and updates take forever, and there's always the chance that they just won't work. I suppose if you want to flush $60-$80 you can get this or the imperial edition, but that's up to you."
76561198067847573,Not Recommended,306130,31925422,Posted: 23 May,all,lizord,I return to this game after a year has passed and they patch the glitch where you can walk around while playing a lute. ;(
,Not Recommended,306130,22106799,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,AbareSaru,Wasted 14 hours downloading the game after downloading the large launcher from steam. Only to find that controllers on the Mac aren't supported. Complete waste of time and money. Avoid. I am truly heartbroken that they would be so careless and sloppy in releasing a game in this state. Ruined my love for the series.
,Not Recommended,306130,20264134,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lil Chano,I thought it was going to be a good game but right when i get into the game it asks me to sign in so i do then it doesnt work. and i make a whole new account and again doesn't work. how i supposed to enjoy in game if it wont enen let me login. i better get a refund!
76561198143887053,Not Recommended,306130,18756560,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,chell.chow,"So, found out how to make an account and guess what? Every time I do all of the steps to create the account then press create the account all it does it bring me back to the login area where it has the sign in area or the create account button, nothing saying my account was made. Uhhh.. what? I dont understand, what is going on?"
,Not Recommended,306130,16886014,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,507th  VonZofo,So far cant even log in. Keep getting an ESO error. waste of $85
,Recommended,306130,26617319,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[SAMPLETEXT],meh. ok i guess.
,Not Recommended,306130,24383875,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,CrissCross,♥♥♥♥ Usurpingterror
,Not Recommended,306130,24541399,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,CrimsonXIII,I guess it's fun if you enjoy generic MMOs. I don't. This should have been a co-op Elder Scrolls game instead.
76561198169310198,Not Recommended,306130,24766042,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Hackerman,"This is a scam, you won't be able to play this, the patcher makes it impossible to.Stuck. Stuck on 57%.After two days of waiting, I was able to play, I played, seemed too similar to Rift.Then, after only a hour of playing, I was kicked because of maintenance. Feels like this game is unplayable."
76561197971862518,Not Recommended,306130,24943898,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Doc Holiday,Great game but without the beautiful soundtrack. Grouping and progression is a pain in the neck ike any othe mmo. The discovery is better than the endgame.
,Not Recommended,306130,26505175,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Saadman,"Neverwinter does it better, for free."
76561198048956649,Not Recommended,306130,28461584,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,trapper jim,A better title for this game is Update Simulator.
76561198097133976,Not Recommended,306130,26528356,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TheSausageOfDoom,"This game is in no way a compliment to the Elder Scrolls Series, the idea of playing ES online with other players was amazing, but it was nothing like I expected, it lacked in so many areas I could never begin to explain it, in short, I WANT A FULL REFUND"
76561198071569162,Not Recommended,306130,26996727,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MustacheSlayer,no.
76561198070442127,Not Recommended,306130,28093166,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,☭ Potato,can't log in to game cause some dumb ♥♥♥♥ing error GG
76561198012545024,Not Recommended,306130,28478768,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Lord Brecan,"What a crap game, it has potential but its♥♥♥♥♥♥like what i'm mad about that make it bad. I've spent hundreds of dollars on the game and i got suspended for no reason, so ok. Accept hundreds of dollars but ♥♥♥♥ me, right?"
76561198096243555,Not Recommended,306130,33577731,Posted: 15 July,all,°°°°TvT°°°° csgo-raffle.,10\3
76561198235930588,Not Recommended,306130,34586850,Posted: 29 August,all,dudugeda,just incredibly boring
,Not Recommended,306130,34592491,Posted: 29 August,all,Doomfist,"If you like ES3, ES4, or ES5, this will most likely NOT be the game for you."
,Not Recommended,306130,35218345,Posted: 26 September,all,bIG bONG HITs,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game would not recommend
,Not Recommended,306130,34527247,Posted: 27 August,all,Rangkara,"Okay okay, its fun............................WHEN IT ACTUALLY WORKS"
76561198007207141,Not Recommended,306130,12836671,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,slightly_jaded_95,"unless you're rocking a DSL connection don't even bother. you'll be getting hit before you can see the move coming, and so much of the combat relies on being able to dodge or block."
,Recommended,306130,11358208,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Sitharias,"First impressions - actually a decent mix between a MMO and Elder Scroll previous games. People expecting it to be Skyrim 2 is going to be disappointed, but for a pretty casual gamer(that's me) which still likes the social aspects of an MMO it's quite good so far.Hardcore MMO enthusiasts are also going to be disappointed, but quests are more interesting than most MMO's, and I enjoy the world of ESO. Feels polished, and I haven't encountered as much bugs as many of the other people.TL;DR - It's not Skyrim, it's not WOW - and if that's your expectation, you're going to be disappointed. It is something in between with some of the feeling of Skyrim with WOW-like gameplay, so might be what you're looking for. DISCLAIMER - this is ovbiously first impressions, haven't gotten a char that far yet."
76561198136177353,Not Recommended,306130,15362775,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,TheLovelyBird,"I'm not a hardcore gamer, but I've logged many hours into MMORPG's - and RPGs like The Elder Scrolls Oblivion and Skyrim.  In honor of ""Welcome Back Weekend"" I am going to rip into this game... Even though anyone who participates will know these things by the time the free event is done. Oh and ESO has been very obnoxious with the whole event, everytime I click the launcher I get a pop up announcing WBW and that does not apply to me. I was stupid enough to buy the game already, leave me alone!I would never pay monthly for a game. When they released Tamriel Unlimited, I was still unsure about ESO but after reading a comment on here that said ""all these reviews were done before TU was released"" I caved and bought it. I have put some time into my character but I've also spent some time getting frustrated at the game and it's seemingly never ending treasure trove of bugs - and what I can only assume is ignorance on ESO or whomever's part.First: Like I said MMORPG'S are kinda my bag, so I was really shocked when I figured out there was no bug report feature - most MMORPG's I have played had bug report features in game, this game doesn't seem to have a dedicated spot for that anywhere. I guess you can send an email but that's just a pain, and there's still no special spot for that. It gives me the impression they do not give a hoot about their game or their too busy doing other stuff to improve their game any...I will not go into full detail about the bug that bothered me the most because it would take forever, but my husband has recently encountered a real stupid one, he can not change his armor color for some reason.... The changes show on character select but not in-game.Being a huge fan of MMORPG's I can not help but compare this to others - sure I wouldn't like it if this game ripped off GW2 completly but... They really could of taken some ideas from that game or even free to play games like Runescape. The guild store is a mess, I don't even use it. The fact of the matter is, I can understand why they wanted to make it a little different, but most MMORPG's have a store where you can sell stuff to everyone, inorder to do that here you must join guilds that have a guild store, f*&% that, all that means is I can't make easy money and I can not buy good equipment. MAJOR MAJOR MAJOR FLAW! I do not feel like running all over Tamriel to get armor that I won't even wear for that long... Since the guild store is totally WACK I am a lvl 22 with SOME armor that's like almost 10 lvls behind but still the best I have found yet. I have started to improve my crafting and what not to compensate, but I am literally getting no where with that. Due to this crappy system the chats are flooded with people trying to sell or buy stuff, and that is very very annoying... If they must keep this store system then they need a dedicated chat line for selling stuff because the chat is overwhelmed by it at times.Now another shop feaure that is totally off-par with any other game of this class is the crown store, it is sooo weak! I wouldn't pay for anything in there. Where are the power ups? I would love to see some XP boosters or even armor sets that are cooler...They also need to put bank and inventory slots in the crown store because I can not afford to keep upgrading my bank and inventory to suit my needs with in game gold - especially since I can not sell to anyone but a merchant or fence. Which brings me to this...The outlaw stuff was cool and novel at first but within a matter of minutes got very annoying. When my dog was a puppy he got ahold of my mouse, other than some cosmetic damage I have had no problems with it anywhere(for about a year!)... But I can only assume that's why my character attacks without me telling it to from time to time. I have had to run and hide and die a lot because of this... I refuse to buy a new mouse, I just don't use a ranged weapon which means I don't do it as often, but it still happens. I used to be able to scroll with my mouse wheel, and my dog has long since stopped chewing on things it shouldn't, so there's no real reason why that stopped working(in game not anywhere else), but it has, and it's annoying. Like I said I am pretty sure this is user specific but it's still weird because I have not had this problem with any other games or anything. Another problem I have encountered is accidently stealing stuff, and getting attacked or harassed by the law for stealing something that's worth 0 gold. There should be a return feature by the person who caught you... I hate playing in first person mode, and I'm guessing that's how you'd have to play inorder to avoid trying to talk to someone and having them walk off then accidently stealing something, but I am not sure.Fast Travel - don't do it... I run for a few minutes to get to a wayshrine so I do not have to pay 95 gold to teleport (it just keeps getting more and more expensive) of course there are times when you must do this - say when you get caught in a graphic, which happens more than I'd like to admit.And wtf is up with some of these quests? I feel like I have to run around and talk to like 5 people or the same two people 5 times until I can do anything sometimes, I loved the story or whatever in the RPG ES games but here you'd be spending a lot of time just reading or listening, so honestly I don't even pay attention to any of the dialog because I just don't seem to care... One thing it has above GW2 is it does not have all the cutscenes, and it's easier to skip the dialog.Another thing I find very annoying is the lack of skill slots, I have so many skills but so little space to use them.. Weapon swap is whatever, sure you can add some more skills to the second weapon slot, but I never seem to switch... IDK why, just don't. Probably has to do with the fact I have only so few good weapons, I think it would be alot better if instead of a secondary weapon the swap feature was just more skill slots....All and all I find this game to be a huge dissapointment and I regret buying it, I seem to be forcing myself to play just to get my money's worth (yes I am a bit of a jew) and honestly I don't end up playing for that long, most of the time I have on this game was spent sitting around with my inventory open... either waiting for a bounty to go away or just doing something else around the house and forgetting I'm playingHope this long review helped. The End."
,Not Recommended,306130,17215923,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Cl4ssypanda,Paid $40.19 for a log in menu and crash report9/11 would crash again
,Not Recommended,306130,22818022,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Tortiss,If you've ever played another MMO in your life your not missing out on much here. Questing can be tedious but dungeons are fun enough and PVP is solid. Be ready to put in some serious leg work getting to max level if your not willing to pay monthly.5/10
,Not Recommended,306130,24470116,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lt. General Longstreet,"Elder Scrolls was NOT meant to be online. People want another Skyrim-like Elder Scrolls, no one was asking for this."
76561198160585923,Not Recommended,306130,26697127,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Buhu,Cant play says reliable source serving corrupt data.. BAD START tried every thing and deleting and reinstalling.. so much free try out ! LOL
,Not Recommended,306130,26666547,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,kakipukul,"This is just my personal opinion.For a B2P game, ESO deviously make an only subscriber access to the ""crafting bag"".Even B2P GW2 game do not do these to their customer.I really regret buying this game.Now, I am not sure what other hidden stuff that are meant for only subscriber.Really disappointed with this game."
76561198091867318,Recommended,306130,12852988,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,TheArachnid,"Alright. This game...This game, it was fun, I enjoyed it a lot. I like the graghics, story-line, fluidity of game-play such as: the battle sequences and major fights, they are extremely fun and engaging and the character builds are really extensive and you can literally do whatever you want. Buuuuuuuut! i realize the quests are very repetative and short, same as the maps are super small and not necessarily ""Open-World"". Well, it's not that at all! for the quests force you to unlock EVERY location on the maps with out you having to search for them. it's rediculous to say the least. Also, the loot and gold in the game is ludicrous; i have to grind substantiably and it is so unbelievable! Plus, the loot is pointless and horrible! Say for the dungeon epic bosses, it would be cool to get a really cool drop from them to show off that i beat it or something cool and usefull. not a damned health potion and soul gem. it was a terrible reward to such an extensive and amazing battle! though, as much as i love the ""open-world"" aspect of the ES games and the amazing loot(which this game does not have)this game has an amazing crafting system and AMAZING character creation and developement that makes it a lot of fun and makes up for the lack of loot for you can craft better items than ANY shop and create better enchantments etc. . .over all i give this game a 6/10 on a full rating scale. i would say a 10/10 but i am very disgruntled about thelack of the ""Open-World"" aspect and the lack of amazing loot for the very engaging and fun combat. i wish it could have been better, buuuuut it's okay. i just have to say-WAIT FOR FREE TO PLAY! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!"
,Not Recommended,306130,29327642,Posted: 17 January,all,Dr. Dick's Amazing Stick,"Long download time.Long intallation time.Load the game up to say you can't play it, no details.Try again on another computer.Better than my current one.Wait even more.Fully installed.Tells me I can't play doesn't give me details.Others will say it's an 8/10I give it a 0/10"
76561198080757829,Not Recommended,306130,14875166,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,LDR BigCats MG,"Besides it being a good game, I have been haveing nothing but trouble loading characters & loading a new spot/area. Just finished Update 1.6 & got the chance to play for the last 2 days. But now when i was checking a few Steam settings, I have to Re-download the entire game plus updates (doesn't help when you have to deal with 80GB a month & already close to half used already for the month & need aproximatly 60-80GB just to download & update). If you want to dealy with long load times or getting droped from game continuesly, download & enjoy, but don't count on support to help the way you might like them to be able to help you out, they didn't do a thing for me."
76561198245736108,Recommended,306130,26675090,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Oh gee,How do you install a minecraft texture pack?
76561198060556651,Not Recommended,306130,23670170,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,FrankenBerry,"The game is very fun but with a dwindling population, the developers only push out more DLC to keep the lights on while the game suffers from constant crashes and bugs.  You will spend time completing quests only to find out they are bugged and can not be finished.  As the developers keep adding content, the game gets worse.  It feels like half the time I try to log on, the game is offline.  Also, being a subscriber is mandatory now, dont believe this game is free to play."
76561198153078370,Not Recommended,306130,19454961,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,SUN,"dissapointed, wont update anything. doesnt do anything but freeze"
76561198210171615,Not Recommended,306130,17863474,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,hamish.donaldson,"Bought this 2 weeks ago, and so far it has been massively underwhelming. It appears to need some ENORMOUS files before it can do anything at all.For the first week all it did was download from the store - yes, ALL WEEK!!!!. I suppose it could have been quicker if I hadn't ued my PC for other stuff, like work, email, browsing the web etc. But I like to do that kind of stuff.....Anyway, 7 days later I finally had the thing downloaded and eagerly presed the 'PLAY' button. Nothing much happened for an hour or so, then I got a pretty box telling me that it was 'downloading'. No explanation of what was being downloaded, or how/if/whether it related to the enormous files I had spent previous week downloading.This new download has been running for 6 hours now - tells me it it is at 0% - very encouraging!Gameplay - how much do you enjoy watching a download counter move VERY VERY slowly?Value for money - over £40 to lose a week of my life, not the best bargain I have ever boughtMaybe in 6 months or so, when I finally have all the files needed to open the damned thing I will recant this review - but right now, I strongly suggest you avoid this at all costs"
76561198208026620,Not Recommended,306130,34417591,Posted: 22 August,all,Shadox Enderborn,spent 5+ hours downloading the dam game just to have it crash and spend another 3 repairing the files
,Not Recommended,306130,29674794,Posted: 3 February,all,Admiral Assblaster,"Take Skryim and downgrade the graphics, butcher the combat, ang gut the leveling system. Boom. Now you have another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ MMO with Elder Scrolls lore. Dont waste your money."
76561198054852666,Not Recommended,306130,34264038,Posted: 15 August,all,Slimdragoon,"Where to start on how bad this game is. Monsters scale to your level.  No matter what you do the game is on easy mode.  You basically have to run around with no armor at all if you want challenge.I am almost level 20, Thats almost 20 hours played too.So like most people I spend most of my time doing quests getting gold just to upgrade my bags so I can actually hold  more stuff.Think there might be around 10 dungeons. I've done the  first few where a lvl 20 character can get into. A little challenge is here because at times multiple monsters will attack your group. You have to deal with group members who just have no idea what they are doing which adds most of the difficulty.But then you beat the dungeon and you go back into the world where you and your group fight two here and two there while questing. Alright maybe you run by some monsters and are now fighting 4 monsters when you stop running. A couple javilin spears/ javilin throws later they are all dead, if you had a group they just watched with their max level characters and are not needed.Breakdown: 90% of the time you just kill 2 guys run to the next, another mission complete. You want challenge you have to farm 1 of the 10 dungeons. Repetitive and boring.So you say Im only level 20ish I need to play more for it to get hard.I ask at what point after 20 hours of gameplay does the game stop treating you like you are stuck in a tutorial?Level up system is bad.Combat is boring because its to easy.Crafting system is really bad.Sadly I wasted money on this game. Live and learn.If you want any sort of challenge play another game."
,Not Recommended,306130,24413170,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Peep,The most dissapointing game that i have ever played.
,Not Recommended,306130,31033659,Posted: 8 April,all,Floyd,"I've had this game for a while. I came into it fully knowing that it's not supposed to be a true Elder Scrolls Game. The only thing I wanted to do was to explore! Is that too much to ask? Apparently Zenimax thinks so. This games main selling point for me was it's entire tamriel map. Yet when I got into the game, I couldn't go anywhere! But the thing is! The map is HUGE! HUGE! Oh you want to explore the map we crafted? NO. NOT UNLESS YOU GIVE MORE MONEY! There is nothing in this game if you dont purchase DLC. The new Morrowind update is coming out. Now f*** me for expecting to get it for free. You know, since I payed 60$ for the game? Well no. After a quick look at the Store Page for the game, I see that instead of the DLC being free, like you'd expect, ITS ACTUALLY 50 BUCKS! WHY?! Tl;dr this game, at least in my opinion, is very ""pay to play"" All I want is exploration! Why can't I have that? I would've liked this game, hell, even recommended it, If they just added some singleplayer mode where you can explore the whole map with no borders or paywalls, maybe even add a couple quests ported over from the multiplayer game. How hard would that be? But Zenimax would never do that because then there would be no reason to buy 400$ worth of DLC that a normal person would expect to get bundled with the game! It's like going to a resturaunt, asking for a bowl of soup, getting the bowl of soup, but then they make you pay for the spoon. Overall, this game is mighty disappointing."
,Not Recommended,306130,26686481,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Macho Bears,"Played Skyrim?It's like that, but worse."
76561198006136234,Not Recommended,306130,26470885,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,The burns from Lina's handjobs,Elder Scrolls used to be tight.Not anymore.More money in a wow-reskin apparently.
,Recommended,306130,11385589,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,krisplettuce,the best mmo on the market PERIOD-blood.
76561198166338504,Recommended,306130,16121538,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Yorbi,I think its Great. there is only one  problem. i shared the game with my friend but he doesnt have an access code to activate his account and i dont want him to buy the game because it is 60 bucks. if anyone knows how to fix this please tell me
,Recommended,306130,11483830,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,El,FOR HARDCORE PLAYER
,Not Recommended,306130,26690251,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Calico-Jack,While the game isn't all that bad - the dowload servers are pitfully set up.The original dpwnload plus every single update take days instead of 1 pr 2 hours. This alone essentially ruins the game for me.
76561198153960357,Not Recommended,306130,33327943,Posted: 6 July,all,antoniohernandez,"HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE.Do not buy this. Waste of money.All you pay for is ""The Wailing Prison"" loading screen.I tried everything out there to get my game to start. Nothing. It just stays stuck on this loading screen.Repeat: DO NOT BUY. It is just a corrupted file that won't let you play."
76561198087124672,Not Recommended,306130,31184678,Posted: 16 April,all,SibGAV,Bored
76561197989022465,Not Recommended,306130,21711967,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,CHeeRiO510,game doesnt even reconized account. couldnt even get pass the first part. login in. wtf and no real live customer support weak!
76561197978973067,Not Recommended,306130,29411855,Posted: 21 January,all,Clooney,This is not elderscroll games DonT buy this crappy games
76561198026645078,Not Recommended,306130,18025441,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Kev..,Dissappointing
76561198018929584,Not Recommended,306130,29860427,Posted: 11 February,all,Orel,"Don't buy that game !!!!!!!!!Wait for free to play module.pros++good graphics+nice design (except for armors )+you can go almost enywhere and do any quest you wantCons--almost every time the can't be launch for whatever reason and you need to fixed it by yourself-30€ for mmo that brings nothing new exept for a combat system-combat system is boring, very repetetive and annoying after a while-there is still in-game shop with in-game currency called crowns that can be bought for real money ( what a suprise, am i right?), in the shop there aren't just cosmetics things (xp boost, poisons, bonus potions etc.)-the game looks sometimes and feels like it was made to be played as single-player-animations are poor, sometimes when i jump from 2m or i get hit, my char screams like girl (i played mid aged templar with two-hand) breaks the immersionI would really suggest to consider buying this game.Even if its going to be in sale.I have dyslexia.."
,Not Recommended,306130,26729364,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,A.T.F.N,"Terrible, not the game, but the launcher. I donwloaded it but then when I tried to play the game it just ""Installed"" but then nothing happened. The then verified integrity of game files which DELETED THE ENTIRE GAME WITH MORE INTERNET COST THAN THE ACTUAL GAME! Anyways I then managed to launch the game exe from the local files but then when I tried to login it just said ""you have attempted to use an invalid or out-dated client. Use the patcher to update your client ESO launch from exe through steam"" so yeah dont buy it.... Just wated 120 gig of data, thx so much"
76561198124073546,Not Recommended,306130,28871001,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,James.50cal,Same old♥♥♥♥♥♥again and again and againNot a good game.Boring
76561198205550311,Not Recommended,306130,29860656,Posted: 11 February,all,hotdog95,this is not elder scrolls...
76561198358681718,Not Recommended,306130,29809068,Posted: 9 February,all,MADkaizen,"Got it yesterday over steam!Downloadet the game 2 times now (because of errors) and no other solution than re-downloading it . . .  wanted to create(connect) with steam for login in but get only errors saying:[error_steam_game_not_purchased]what the hell? got e-mail yesterday saying I bought it.this game is so freaking cool but the launch software system + support what I can have in the internet is currently really, really bad.I have almost 2 ""hours"" played only because I installed + updated it 2 times already. what the heck. Until account problem is not solved I will not continue the download Or I can't give the game back if it'S still not working 1 week from now.PS:really good start into this game! oh did I say start? hahahha . . .  read a lot of posts over the last 3-6 weeks with simliar error problems and even active player who can't login +1week because of errors.well I stop here my rant and I WILL UPDATE THIS if It get's solved!!! . . . . . . . . . . . . ."
,Not Recommended,306130,24035336,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SPGdeathstroke™,the game is goodbut i need spend more money in game if i want cat.and it♥♥♥♥♥
76561198049653894,Not Recommended,306130,13841972,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Darkrachet,"Participated in a frog race.  10/10 would race frog again.~~UPDATE~~Turns out the frog race was one of the almost fun things to do in the game.  Overall the game is pretty sh*tty.Intro Rage*WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ MAKES AN ELDER SCROLLS GAME WHERE THIRD PERSON IN THE PRIMARY CAMERA ANGLE?  I TELL YOU WHO, A BUNCH OF DUMB A$$ N*GGER F*GGOTS.AS USUAL..LIST OF STUPID♥♥♥♥♥♥IN GAME-CLASSES ARE RESTRICTIVE AND SHOULD NOT EVEN BE IN GAME.-YOU LEVEL YOUR HORSE EVERY 20 HOURS LIKE A STUPID A$$ FACEBOOK GAME.-PVE MOBS JUMP OVER YOUR CHARACTER LIKE SOME NINJA BULL SH*T.-LACK OF IN GAME TUTORIALS..HAD NO IDEA WTF TO DO AT MOST TIMES.-YOU LVL SLOWER THAN FAT NECKBEARD TRYING TO RUN-SOME MOBS DO WAYY TOO MUCH DMG WHICH IS A RESULT OF A F*CKTARD QA TEAM.OVERALL GAME IS NOT PURE SH*T, BUT IT SURE ISN'T A GOOD GAME EITHER.I WISH ONLY MINOR PAIN ON THE DEVELOPERS."
76561198017794652,Recommended,306130,11542812,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Rymns,"Bom D+ o game, mesmo jogando solo."
,Recommended,306130,11356082,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,WaterPolo,This game before I bought it said it would come with a free 30-day sub but now its making me pay and is giving me no option to collect the free 30 day sub..
76561198071252479,Not Recommended,306130,13886657,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Rolem,"I was pretty excited to play eso i didnt mind that its more of a mmo with a elder scrolls ""texture"". The problem is i was never able to even get in to the game. Before downloading it i eralized how many gigs it was and had to clear some space fore it which is no big deal, the download took alittle over a day and a half but thats just my interenet. After it was finished everytime i tried opening it it kept crashing so then i had to fix that problem. At this point i wasnt very ready to play this and i was really hoping it was worth the time and money. So i try to login and it keeps saying my username/password is incorrect. there was this long process of fixing it and the problem was with the activation code which had said that it was activated and yet i still cant get into the game. i even contacted the ""support"" group for eso and they did no help. so all in all this game was pretty much bull♥♥♥♥♥♥and my money went straight to steam because hey no refunds right. yup its more of a donation than game and i really wish i could get my money back."
,Not Recommended,306130,31122490,Posted: 13 April,all,STINK,really fun and in depth
,Not Recommended,306130,18449319,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,MiTH,"This game was the best game I've ever played,♥♥♥♥♥♥textures (I've played pong though), over 100 GB on my Computer, Low framrate, this just goes to show its the best game I've ever played."
76561198119007292,Not Recommended,306130,20235759,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Thepussydestroyer9000,i bought this game and i can't even play it.Waste of time and money
,Not Recommended,306130,20981830,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,YENNK24,can't give it a good review becuase could not get passed the INVISABLE STORY LINE... could not find it anywhere i looked
76561198128680491,Not Recommended,306130,23190049,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,FingerLickinGood,would not even let me create an acct and when i would it would immrditly crash
76561197979052919,Not Recommended,306130,21019084,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,RazeD,Its bad
,Not Recommended,306130,24847884,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,NateeDoin80,I absolutely love skyrim but this is far different... Skyrim doesn't crash every 20 mins.
76561198069959201,Not Recommended,306130,24775103,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Abang Ganteng,"Can not play this game, i downloaded for almost 2 days and still downloading, and i can't refund this game because this steam told me im playing this game for more than 2 hours?better dont buy this game on steam"
,Not Recommended,306130,29789617,Posted: 8 February,all,3dzlime,"so far not good, it wont let me log in and play and if it does the loading screen takes hours and i have to spam the keyboard so it wont say ""ERROR AFK couldnt log in""i cant say i like the game cuz it wont let me play , plz friend me and msg me if you have any solutions"
76561198080849994,Not Recommended,306130,29868921,Posted: 12 February,all,milea.inc,"Bought the Gold edition, installed it, updated, tried to run... and it crashes instantly."
,Not Recommended,306130,25923924,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,=CHAIN=,Sadly this game was pretty expensive for the content and i lost interest pretty fast
,Not Recommended,306130,28673233,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mr Kitty,"This is as unrelated to Elder scrolls as it can possibly get. I have no idea how i got the positive reviews it did but the fact is that it's dying and will be dead soon, thus it's sold for 15$.A poorly executed game, and i think the reason is that you have another company doing this game which didnt have anything to do with any of the TES games:As far as MMOs go, you feel unattached to the world, the quests and characters are just vapid which makes the whole thing feel shallow, sealzy and a far cry from the elder scrolls world.The animations are sloppy, and hte entire design feels very simple.The combat too is a boring and simplified and just as shallow as the rest of the game. You get super abilities right form the star that dwarf the elder scrolls feeling you had from their abilities, ruining any sense of progression. As you keep playing it you start asking yourself questions like ""why am i still playing this?"" there's no point or sense of progression. the only thing you have left is the crafting and farming system which are just a shallow system to have something to do in MMOs, everything else is very boring and simple. the combat is boring and tasteless and it feels like a cheap chinese product.The game looks nice visually, but aside form the world asthetics it's super shallow and has a very cheap feeling to it."
,Not Recommended,306130,33494434,Posted: 12 July,all,Ninja,This game would be fun if i could play it offline or atleast disable all the ppl doing the same quest as me it really ruins the emersion.
,Not Recommended,306130,16616257,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Loki Zmick Stape,"My review is strictly from the perspective of a Skyrim player, and a casual gamer with no understanding of an MMORPG, and 0 RPG experience in general (except for Skyrim).I enjoyed Skyrim for it's beautiful landscapes and variety of customization. I felt connected to the AI units in the game. I don't know much about the fighting sequences or controls, but I found them enjoyable and easy to get used to.With this game; however, as a Dark Elf, I spawned in some barren wasteland with dull landscapes, and 4 hours into the game, I was still stuck at the same regions. I purchased this game knowing this would include all of Tamriel, but to be kept away from Skyrim for so long? Geez! Also, whose bright idea was it to make the in-game text painfully smaller? The fighting, while similar to Skyrim, was a bit lacking. In this game, talking to AI was just a waste of time. I did not know what's going on, who's who, and what the story was. It felt like the game just kept throwing an infinite number of mindless quests my way with a cat's head and a kangaroo's tail forcefully attached to a chihuahua. The levels of customizations weren't too appealing to me either. I had a huge load of gold in the 4 hours I'd played, but it was all in vain as merchants weren't clear enough, neither were raw materials.As far as the game's stability goes, I hadn't noticed any glitches to be honest, but I did keep getting tossed out of the game. In another game, Team Fortress 2, when my connection drops out or gets laggy, I get stuck. With this game, laggy connection just throws me out entirely.If you're expecting Skyrim here, don't bother and move on. I don't know if you have a background in MMORPG or whether having that background would make this game more enjoyable, but if you've got an open mind and would be willing to expect anything, please, do try it out.I just ended up getting a refund. I don't know if I acted too hastily in forming an opinion, but it just wasn't enjoyable enough for me. Who knows, I might end up giving it another shot in the future, but it's a no from me for now."
76561197988774515,Recommended,306130,11379986,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Trunk Monkey,"If you like old school mmos, you will love this game. if the first mmo you ever played was WoW. you probably wont like this game but you never know give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,306130,16891962,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,N1gg3r  L1qu0r1ce,I buy game i cant ♥♥♥♥in play it cause Zenimax are masive♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and say my login details are wrong and there not cause i can login on website so go ♥♥♥♥ your self m8!!1
76561198047571983,Not Recommended,306130,15494526,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Finn Simmons,Even before I got to play this game I was tornmented by the atrocious downloadspeed of the launcher. The speed was less than 100kB/s untill I took it upon me to search Google for the port range that the lauchner apparently needed opened so I could then download with slightly better speed. At 2 MB/s its still 4 hours for a game that should be downloaded in less than 30 minutes with a connection line mine. In comparrison the Steam download of the game was 48 GB and took about 40 minutes. This patch is dragging on for longer than that whilst being only about 31 GB in size. I am thouroughly dissapointed in such bad service for the pretty hefty price of 55 Euro. Buy propper servers od don't bother starting an MMO. This is not the 1980s!
76561198024229419,Recommended,306130,14999859,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Times Change,.
,Not Recommended,306130,18256925,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,delete.png,"Worst $70 I ever spent!  I would strongly encourage you to not purchase this game.  It took about 24 HOURS to download, but worst of all it's not fun!  DO NOT BUY"
76561198083968125,Not Recommended,306130,18099964,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,zK0DD,"Boring game, boring combat, boring quests. Constantly crashes at login, super long character selection loading screen. Steam won't even let me return it since the updates took 3 hours."
76561198097724490,Not Recommended,306130,16928267,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,killnonelive,This game is way to complicated with their sign up!!!! even though i bought this game on steam i finally finished donloading it and what do u know i have to make a account and after i make a account it still wont let me play!!!!!!!!
76561198067997807,Not Recommended,306130,19706981,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,The Entire Population Of Norway,I froget my old account name and password and i need to make a new one and now i got to buy a 20 dollar key
76561197993786808,Not Recommended,306130,22735399,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Istas,"Immediately felt unlike Morrowind, Oblivion, or Skyrim. I tried playing it to play with friends but found it very uninteresting and haven't played it since. Wish I could have gotten my money back, but more than half of the 9 hours Steam shows me as having played was NOT playing, but waiting for the multiple huge install files and updates to download, so that already put me past the refund time limit."
76561198079429891,Not Recommended,306130,34570544,Posted: 29 August,all,SmallTalkSock,"Bought the game installed it then it said update required, so I update it while its updating It says I am playing the game when I am not I am waiting for it to update it took 3 hours to update. I play for 1 hour I decide I dont like the game I would like a refund so I go to the steam refund and submit a request and of course the 3 hour update counted as play time and they wont refund me so now this will sit and rot like the crap tastic game it is."
,Not Recommended,306130,35252630,Posted: 27 September,all,Prez,"I can't ever play the game without some sort of malfunction, I ♥♥♥♥ing quit"
,Not Recommended,306130,34591610,Posted: 29 August,all,Hawleo,this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks but i paid $60 dollars to play so now i feel like im required to
,Not Recommended,306130,17249057,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,nv360,Controller support is lacking.
76561198058061689,Not Recommended,306130,26718537,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,See behind The eye,"I would recommend this because its a a good game, but after 2 days im unable to get into my account due to a verification email that just never arrived. Cannot contact support cuz you need your account there which I cannot acces cuz of the email. Love it so much"
,Not Recommended,306130,26028871,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Galver,"After the recent patch, the ESO got really, really broken. I can't even get in the game, because they never think my computer is authorized, so they send me the code, ok... I type it, then I get a message that some error occured AND THEN I have to repeat the process again. IF I got in as far as the character creation, I get thrown out mid-way because of this error message. This has been going on for 4 concecutive days. I give up. This is just broken as hell. I really hope to get a refund, because 2 week old early access games are more stable than this peice of ****."
76561198156797559,Not Recommended,306130,25614908,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,s3sz_kay,"Staff have been very unhelpful, just plain not giving a ♥♥♥♥ about resolving the issue I've had with this game. Do not recommend buying from this company at all."
,Recommended,306130,25281983,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,J0sh,"wow i am so excited to tell you guys how this game is for mefirst off it is pretty decent it will surely take the time away from you...second off, im getting hungry ill be back in a second to write the review some more..."
76561198322621598,Not Recommended,306130,26334719,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,DivusErhicaeus,"money grabbing game, dont buy even if 40% off, completely different from the elder scrolls, graphics not that good, no actual open world and soon get boring and hopeless, bethesda could do better than this, CGs were great though."
76561198108033371,Not Recommended,306130,26136509,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,thegarrilon,"Very bugged still, had a hard time even D/Ling it, then it was a problem getting an account.  I didn't like the gameplay, the quests weren't well spelled out, and, the controls were not shown how to use, same with the quest item, early quest was for a group, but description didn't say so.  I really was disappointed with the whole thing.  I feel I misspent the $20.  Going back to Skyrim, as it is more fun, instead of playing this game...  Three thumbs down (or more if ya got em...)"
,Not Recommended,306130,35507392,Posted: 5 October,all,Daniel-Austin,Nope Bye bye Bethesda
76561198075664291,Not Recommended,306130,34451354,Posted: 23 August,all,Tottaly Innocent Bigot,Dont buy unless you want to download 84 gbs twice
76561198087150866,Recommended,306130,11520055,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,amoreel HUID /Q\,best game i have ever saw
76561198049363043,Not Recommended,306130,23543274,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Garzio,The new dark brotherhood and thieves guild quests are all DLC
76561198105449120,Not Recommended,306130,23297879,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Apologizemilf,"I must say this game maybe a good game but its support is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Why do I use 'maybe' here? Anyone who reads this review can find out there is a 4-hour playing records of this game to me. However, in this 4 hours, I only stay at login page to wait for a stupid email to unlock my IP. I purchased this game at a high price, spent lots of time downloading it and I have to check my email again and again when I created an account. Finally I still cannot login  the game because I cannot receive the IP secure code. Wtf my email address can receive your♥♥♥♥♥♥messages when I created my account why I cannot receive it again 10 minutes later? And I  think the most stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥is that this is the first time I try to login which means that my IP of course should be unknown. The time I write down this is 3.51pm middle american time, 30/5/16. The playing time record is 4.8 hours. But I just viewed the login page for 4.8 hours. U can check my records."
,Not Recommended,306130,14926408,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,fishschtix,"Don't buy this from steam (Instead, get it from the ESO website). It's a great game (from beta, and 1-10 experience), but steam is a major network hog, and you're going to be waiting forever for install or whenever there's an update.Game review pending once I get to end game :D"
76561198150158210,Recommended,306130,12577087,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Red Beard,"Its fun but nothing really special about it, except that its set in the Eldersrolls universe."
,Not Recommended,306130,29809859,Posted: 9 February,all,KL,"bought it, doesn't even start, bugged, tried everything doesn't work, wasted my money on this crap"
,Not Recommended,306130,13140674,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Marked One,I didn't recieve my 30 days code...
76561198065661235,Not Recommended,306130,14385334,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,KillerTeddy98,playing this game was my worst experience  in gaming and i played War Z
76561197993530015,Not Recommended,306130,31033069,Posted: 8 April,all,NuroDancer,"Don't get suckered by the media hype! This one realy does suck!Be prepaird to spend most of your time managing your inventory.All travel is extreamly slow until you have signed-in every day for 6 months to buy an upgrade.Unless you have a half dozen friends to help you out, be prepaired to spend a lot of time dead.Basic game functions like jumping and opening doors are broken enough to be nonfunctional most of the time.I am sorry I waisted my time and money!"
,Not Recommended,306130,14000355,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Shaggy,"the game is pay to play which, for me when it first came out I bought it and it took me 3 days just to find out that i had to pay to play so i was very mad"
,Not Recommended,306130,24873103,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Kamila,"The updates have been terrible, the money you need to throw into this game to get a full experience is also... terrible."
,Not Recommended,306130,16146913,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,{NWA} Camnor1989,I Didnt Expect To Have To Do 50 Millon Things After You Buy The Game so I don't like it.
76561198199079731,Not Recommended,306130,17177983,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,playboi carti's sock,literally garbage
76561198129515091,Not Recommended,306130,34509170,Posted: 26 August,all,A_buckyo Bro,"I really love this series of games and decided to get this while it was on sale. My main complaint isn't the gameplay that I didn't get to play, it was the launcher. I spent a long time downloading this huge game due to bad internet. Then I had to sit through a long period of time waiting as the updates were downloaded. which by the way are almost the size of the main game itself. After a bit of waiting it then procalaimed that I did not have enough space on my new laptop, which has a terrabyte of storage. So I am mildly disappointed that I can't play it. Oh well the game looks awesome to a plus on that side."
76561198133970618,Not Recommended,306130,23212641,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Wounded Apple,This game sucks big♥♥♥♥♥♥and not in the good way. Early on it baits your 2 hours so you cant refund it and then you are stuck with this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game which is all DLC and grinding. Hitler would like this.
,Not Recommended,306130,34515583,Posted: 26 August,all,Slyther,Glad I only paid 10 bucks on steam sale for this heap. The game is mediocre and feels old as hell- and not in a good way. AI and aggro is bad and comes across as poor design. Spellcasting and combat in general is trivial. There are countless MMO's that have better PVE. This isn't a PVP game.
76561198008491632,Not Recommended,306130,32242155,Posted: 7 June,all,Avy,"Fun disappointment.By fun i mean because i have Gold Edition and by disappointment i mean because this ""MMO"" is outdated (already was when it came out), broken (for example, stealth is a joke) and immersion breaking (oh look someone just triggered quest event and killed npc while you was checking your bag now what)."
76561198043095645,Not Recommended,306130,24608553,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,cparker0204,"They messed this game up hard, dungeon finder doest work and graphics are worse than skyrim. The gameplay just isnt an elder scrolls type.  I would rather play world of warcraft than this."
76561198079506706,Not Recommended,306130,25576578,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Eggplant,"Here, I'm going to try to be more vigilent in this reveiw. It's a good game, filler for major TES lovers, but what I found annoying that the let out a new DLC every weekend (sarcasm) So for people that dont have ESO Plus you have to sink money into it for new content, which mixes it with WoW, paying almost monthy for content. (And I know WoW doesn't add monthly content but you know what I mean)"
76561198286510655,Not Recommended,306130,25419044,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,srcancino1992,worthless!!!!! took six months to even get it to work and im not impressed at alli spent 90 dollars in this game and regret it very muchshouldve listened to my friends who said it suckedbut gave it a chance anyway due to loving all the elder scroll gamesHATE THIS ONE!!!!!!!!!
76561198134762851,Not Recommended,306130,25886881,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,sillyninja65,"*i recently reinstalled for about 5 mins, yeah this games is absolute cancer its ♥♥♥♥ing terrible the devs should have a heavy weight of guilt on this sorry pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you excuse im going to go and play skyrim to clense my pallet of this cancerious horse♥♥♥♥♥♥do your self a favour and dont buy this, its breaks literally every rule in game development.terrible by mmo standards and some how one best mmo?its seriously is horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ put it this way guards are unkillable, the game tells you were all the quests are making the other npcs compeltly irelivant,its cancer- play skyrim online mod insteadelder scrolls fans DO NOT LOOK AT THIS AS A ELDER SCROLLS GAME CUZ ITS NOT ITS SOME GREEDY B ASTARDS WHO ARE NOT BETHESDA GAME STUDIOSyou have p issed on todd howards work you W A NK ER S"
76561198358382675,Not Recommended,306130,29906057,Posted: 13 February,all,OwlTheShadow,"I takes 60gb to download, and in laucher it just stucks, it took me 6h to download in laucher and still it gets stuck, can even get a refund beacose of dev poor laucher!!!! Didn't even got a min in game.........."
,Not Recommended,306130,30584371,Posted: 17 March,all,sokol,"♥♥♥♥ this game, was trying to think of sick name, to portray myself in the elder scrolls world, then it kicked me to the main menu and all my work was lost making my character.Game sucks♥♥♥♥♥ never playing it again.>:("
76561198028575628,Not Recommended,306130,33659243,Posted: 19 July,all,Silverthorn,"I payed $60 to play yet another MMO game, kill me."
,Not Recommended,306130,14011585,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ELeast-,♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198049896849,Not Recommended,306130,16766642,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Gserec,Sloppy Combat
76561197994451824,Not Recommended,306130,28176995,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Home Erectus,"I'm sure this game can please many but it disappointed me greatly.  The fact it is an MMO strangles any part of enjoyable play for me becouse youre constantly being reminded that youre in a game.  The little pay to win there is is really annoying : you need sink some money into it to get a bigger inventory and some other little in game things that you need for extended adventuring.  It seems everything in there wants to kill my immersion and that the game's enjoyability and progress are strangled things i have to pay which I should already have, since i paid 30 buck for it.I can't imagine spending more time or money in this and I havent played that much. Pretty disapointing."
,Not Recommended,306130,25191629,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,biggs5671,"The game gets repetative really easy. Once I got to level 14 I was already bored with it. This is definatly NOT an Elder Scrolls game, it is merely a bland and boring MMORPG with TES title and items on it. I definatly do NOT recommend to anybody, especially hard core TES fans."
76561198153067899,Not Recommended,306130,25573215,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Bigsbigeye,I CAN'T LOGIN
76561198136719451,Not Recommended,306130,26672596,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,TheXctuionR,"Well, just finished downloading the game and then a few min. later a new ""update"" comes out. Now i have to re-download the game, what a waste of time. They really need to work on their Servers.Finished downloading the 2nd time. Still not working. But there is one thing that hopfully works and that is a refund."
76561198079437776,Not Recommended,306130,28190670,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Blueberry... Man?,Like Skyrim with less value.
,Not Recommended,306130,23652209,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Arctize,"Great game, but no. They already got it working on OpenGL (Mac) and still can't manage to release a native Linux/SteamOS client. It ran perfectly fine on wine, but after the lastest updates I can't even play it that way anymore.Imho it had the potential to be the first huge and kinda triple-A MMORPG running natively on Linux but Bethesda just won't open their eyes."
76561198252901043,Not Recommended,306130,35166291,Posted: 23 September,all,liamgeras,"Its to much Destiny not enough Skyrim, ya' know?Heres some reasons why I don't like it.1 Players walking around and farming enemies you wanna kill to.2 the abilities more often then not just lock on to enemies which is more often then not not the one you wanna lock onto.3 Some enemies are to repetitive or don't offer enough XP for how much it took to kill them.4 it takes to much to level up even for an Elder Scrolls game, I was able to get to 50 in skyrim pretty easily when I knew what I was doing but this I didn't get used to it, thats not good for an Elder Scrolls game thats bad.5 Its STRICTLY ONLINE which is what I see most people defending like total morons and jackasses, its annoying to see other people interfere with what you're doing or trying to do, and even if it is strictly online atleast let me make or choose a server like Reign of Kings, or something along those lines.6 I wanna be able to enjoy a game and if I can't do that then whats the point?"
76561198153370155,Not Recommended,306130,34495365,Posted: 25 August,all,tnerb0,"A vast world with so much to do, and it's all boring. Congrats you cant beat World of Warcraft, and it's 13 years old."
,Not Recommended,306130,11350035,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Amerikaner,"I have played Skyrim and Oblibion, and if your looking for something along the way, then this game is not for you!this game has alot of story, but most of the main characters are new or unknown to the series, except for th racial triats and gods.I got this game i think 3 months after the BETA and the game has problems with bugs. I dont mean besides your ""QUEST GOT STUCK"" kinda thing, i mean if you walk through doors most of the time , you can see through the sky box or the floor will disapear, and the game evntually gets dull due to the lack of interest. My besst advice just wait till is FTP , because it will!People playing this game is not enough, i mean like this game should be Booming with people, but  its relativly empty.UPDATE**So most bugs are gone and fixed, the sub is now pay to play.The new karma system or crime system is ubsurd. if you are new and commit a crime you will get killed over and over again because you have no money.You ccan still play the game solo"
76561198042097690,Recommended,306130,11356767,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,They Taste Like Potatoes Dude!,"All the issues it had at launch are almost non existant now, and I personaly enjoy the game greatly while playing it,"
,Recommended,306130,11369515,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,BluffinMad,"The ""Elderscrolls Online"" manages to capture the feel and overall lore behind the very popular franchise. When I first became aware of the Elderscrolls it was when Morrowind first came into being, and back then, the Elderscrolls had very much a cult following and wasn't particulary what you would call nowerdays ""mainstream"". But the principles that governed the early birth of the Elderscrolls stayed true, even when the name became more popular. Now of course the Elderscrolls had been around long before Morrowind hit the stores but unfortunately I wasnt aware of them. But being as I am now an avid follower and self proclaimed ""Geek"" of what is now THE most popular freeroam RPG's of its time, I had some concerns about the latest chapter of a series of games I have loved for many years being an MMORPG. And, it took me quite a while to build the courage to even play ESOnline in fear of massive dissapointment. BUT, my fears are no more, I am very pleased to say. They have kept true to the overall feel that was so unique to the Single Player titles, and instead of taking the idea and running wild with it, they have somehow managed to make this latest addition still feel like a Single Player game, the only difference is that other players happen to be there too!If you are a huge Elderscrolls fanatic like me, you HAVE to play this, simply for the storyline alone, which in itself is truly epic and gives you more backstory and delves you deeper into the world than you have been before. If however you are new to the Elderscrolls I would suggest playing the older titles first. Although its not essential to know the backstory to play any of the Elderscrolls titles, you cant help think that if you hadnt been there from the start, there is just so much you wouldnt pick up on.The Elderscrolls universe has become so huge in recent years, and I hold the games very close to my chest and consider them THE best RPG titles I have ever played (and i've played alot). The Elderscrolls Online extends the complex and beautiful universe of Tamriel and delves you deeper into this gloriously crafted world.If you haven't got it already, go get it.... NOW!!!"
,Not Recommended,306130,13900241,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ஜ۩۞۩ஜLUCIFERஜ۩۞۩ஜ,dont get it you have to pay monthly and it has loads of problems and it takes your money as in it doesnt even work
76561198131728138,Not Recommended,306130,30783635,Posted: 27 March,all,Hiddenramen,this game is ran by ♥♥♥♥ing fat feminists whose only concern is how many clits they can fingerblast without getting a heart attack. they ban me for my login name which nobody sees after only the game for 4 days. ♥♥♥♥ing gay
76561198126895397,Not Recommended,306130,17569648,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,awsumguy4,"Do not download this game!My download took 2 DAYS to complete. I want to cancel my account, but I can't find out how.I waited about a month to play again, an I NEEDED TO REDOWNLOAD IT.Over all the gameplay is good, but my Main Quest dissapeared!!!!That may have been patched, but that was so annoying!I DO NoT recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,306130,15675673,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Pixxel Wizzard,"I have hundreds of hours spent in Oblivion and Skyrim.  ESO seemed like a no brainer, but they ruined everything that made those other games great, IMO.  Take the bow for example.  As much as I loved Oblivion and Skyrim I always hated the hand combat system.  It was primarily based around spamming the mouse button.  But the bow took a lot of skill to use considering that you had to account for arrow trajectory and all that.  Sniping from a distance was a challenge and a thrill!  However, ESO made it into another button spamming weapon.  Just put your crosshairs on the enemy and repeatedly click.  BORING!!The game has a very linear feel to it, too.  I didn't have the sense of being in an open world exploring the unknown.  It was more ""run over here and talk to this person, then go over there and talk to that person, etc., etc.""  There was no joy to be had in the quests I performed.I fear I have wasted $60.  I thought Bethesda could do no wrong, but clearly I was mistaken."
76561198092617356,Not Recommended,306130,33242492,Posted: 4 July,all,mayor_quimby_loves_broads,"I absolutely HATE this game! I've put in a lot of hours into this game, and I've quit the game with the intention of deleting it out of frustration and disgust. Today, 7/4/17, I've finally become so angry that I deleted the game and writing this review.Pros: Tons of quest, nice graphics, the lore, explorationCons:1) The leveling system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! What is the point of leveling up if the enemies level up with you?! I just can't make sense of this2) This point is why I deleted this game in disgust today. I'm playing this as a single player. My frustration comes with the uneven level of difficulty, where it's manageable and then it becomes completely unmanageable. You have hordes of enemies attack you, and the enemies are scaled (Con #1), so you can't win3) The stealth is a JOKE!! the enemies know where you are, so you're forced into combat no matter whatMoney wasted!"
76561198155832451,Not Recommended,306130,23818916,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jott,This game is the best Fatal error 6 game out there.Defo get if you like games to crash!
76561198163925925,Not Recommended,306130,15360570,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,344568837,The Game waste me 80 bucks and 20 hours to download and update. At last it stucks at character load requesting and cant play 1 second! You guys should ask yourself why stupid but successful game like wow wouldnt stuck with network problems.
76561197972388128,Not Recommended,306130,19367541,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,strange_moose,just buy skyrim
,Not Recommended,306130,24736698,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Long Wang,"Good game, bad customer support."
76561198260648211,Not Recommended,306130,25177326,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,jackgoddard0,"Wont ever let me login in even tho i have made two different accounts to try to login, just pc though as the work fine on console and on website"
76561198216554251,Not Recommended,306130,25453069,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Acht,Needs an asia mega serverit`s unbearable for me playing in PVP with the ping im getting.it`s still toleratable in PVE Thoi really liked this game and grown addicted to itbut i cant play competetively like this.so i cant recommend it for any asia userbut if yer from from US or EU i highly recommended it
76561198124067237,Not Recommended,306130,29762320,Posted: 7 February,all,gurglejerk,"This game is great if you're the kind of person who likes to wait for long periods.  Scenario:  I sure would like to play a game 3 or more hours from now, but what should I choose?  I know the perfect game!  Elder Scrolls Online!  I've gotten this game to play ONCE.  After that, I'm stuck in a constant f#%king state of downloads and updates lasting 45 minutes or more.  In fact, the best strategy for playing this game might be to start the game, go to work, keep your fingers crossed, work a full 8+ hour shift, stop by your mother's for a visit, swing by the grocery store, fuel up the car, go home, shower, tidy the place up, pour yourself a cocktail, catch  up on current events, and THEN, possibly enjoy the game.  Ain't nobody got time for dat."
76561198040834673,Not Recommended,306130,26192326,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,William Knights,"Purchased this game twice from GA (Can't seem to put a 2 there without it being censored). Both version of these on my PC keeps crashing after hitting the play button. Here's my error log to prove it:====================================================================eso has stopped working.====================================================================[reporter]version = 0.01[extra]ProductName = esoVersion = eso.live.2.6.6.1369204branch = liveclient.executablebits = 64client.mode = startupclient.session_start_timestamp = 2016-10-24T00:51:39.618Zclient.timestamp = 2016-10-24T00:51:39.688Z -frme 0-cpu.arch = 9cpu.count = 8cpu.level = 21cpu.type = 8664exe.buildnum = 1369204exe.opt = releaseexe.reltype = publicexe.type = clientmem.system_physical = 16365os.osbits = 64os.platform = windowsos.version = 10.0.14393.ptime = 172reportfield.ver = 3version.major = 2version.patch = 6version.subpatch = 6My Computer Specs:OS: WIN 10 64-BitRAM: 16GBCPU: FX-8350GPU: RX 480 8GB XFXOther than that, I'm rating this as a broken product. I've done my research on all the hints and tips to get this to work. None seem to work for me. So, hopefully in the end the Refund button might work (So Does No Man's Sky, despite being a Tech Demo)."
,Not Recommended,306130,26245019,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,☆ נσнηѕση ☆,Dont worth the money but its ok
76561198063672130,Not Recommended,306130,26722969,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Michael MacDonell,"It Said....""Enjoy a Free weekend of playing!""As a Skyrim fan, I thought this would be a Good Thing to try out.So as soon as it became available, I start the Download ( @ 22:00 GMT, Thursday night).By 15:00hrs Sunday, the Steam ""Ready To Play"" message came up.The Launcher then started downloading the game.As I write this, at 23:22-ish on Sunday, I kinda feel a bit annoyed.Bevore the ""Ah, but..."" responses come in, I have  a ridiculously good incoming data feed, disk and so on. The download seems to have been limited, sometimes very limited. The tests I did on ping suggest thatthe line betwen me and Steam is fine. The immediate conclusion appears to be that this was a huge waste of time, to get some attention, and to hook sales from people who went to the trouble of taking four days to download the game launcher, the updates ( huge files) and the game itself.  People I've spoken to in North America, in Europe,  and here in the UK have had the exact same issues. Please don't reply to tell me you downloaded it in 30 minutes flat. I love you all, but my credulity is stretched thin."
76561197971701135,Not Recommended,306130,35272195,Posted: 28 September,all,outcast,"The Elder Scrolls is my favorite gaming franchise, there have always been something magical about every release in the series. The only other franchise I can think of that have this quality is Grand Theft Auto, where you know that when they have taken their time with the latest game and you boot it up for the first time you are going to experience something that is very unique and epic and where the sense for detail is above anything else in the industry.But while GTA still have that quality and respect I feel like it has been lost more and more with TES and with Bethesda in general. They had this up to and after Skyrim, but after this it has felt like something have shifted in the company and that instead of making games with love and passion, going their own way and making unique products, they just feel like a new EA company. Fallout 4 lacked much of the soul of the previous titles and felt like it lacked the confidence to trust in their own product for the first time, looking at other games with the Bioware style dialogue system etc, they have since also released a mobile game for Fallout and a card game for TES. While all these games are fine and ok, they are not of the same quality standards that once was tied to the name. And the whole scandal with the paid mods lately just makes one lost all respect.And I feel the same with The Elder Scrolls Online. I never get the sense when playing this that it was made with passion or that the developers really tried to make the best game they possibly could, going their own way and taking risks if necessary. Instead it all feels like i was made with the sole purpose to milk the franchice and to cash in on as much money as possible by slapping their IP on a clone of other games. The idea of a MMORPG in the Elder Scrolls world is really appealing, and it could have been fantastic. Instead it is a clone of other MMORPG:s that in my opinion already have gone in the wrong direction. The only MMORPG I have played extensively is Ultima Online, and there the whole point was to ""live"" in another world with other players and get immersed in that. Then WoW came and felt more like just a cheap grind. This is more of the latter.Immersion has always been at the forefront in the Elder Scrolls games, and ironically immersion is the one thing that is lacking the most in this game. It is impossible to take anything that is happening in the game seriously. It honestly feels like you are placed in some kind of Theme Park of the Elder Scrolls world, where all the npc and monster are just actors pretending. The most striking aspect of this is how enemies all stay static and wait for you at their prescripted places. Then when you get close to them they ""trigger"" and attack, then if you back away a bit they ""RESET"", regain all their helth and run back to their preset placement and place themself in their original position to wait for you to trigger them again. It is just the most pathetic things I have ever seen and completely ruins any chance for immersion in any way. Not to mention how they will respawn on you constantly to fill the need for the next player that comes alongs that need something to punch on. I don't know how many times I have had an ""epic"" boss fight, to then see him respawn a few seconds later to fill the need for the next player. I would honestly much rather play this game offline if it was possible and it could at least resolve some of the silliness.The whole game is filled with inconsistent and ""artificial"" restratins and scafoldings like this. Nothing in the world really make any sense, from the ridiculous pricing for how some item in the store cost 1000 gold to buy but if you try to sell the same item you get 10 gold, to how weapons feel like toy weapons, that don't even connect properly and combat is just a numbers game.I just don't understand why Bethesda could go their own way in the MMORPG space and try to take the genre in a new interesting direction. Just having a normal TES game, like Skyrim, with all the good things that entail, but in a world with other players could have been fantastic.I hope there is still hope for Bethesda and that they turn their ship around before it is to late and they lose the respect of every gamer they once had."
,Not Recommended,306130,23533354,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,AvengerArts,"Unfortunatly, this is sick! and if you want access to the whole map you need to pay fee every year, a subsribtion to a DLC they say! I'm disappointed! I made a mistake buying this game."
,Recommended,306130,15009728,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Sirpzy the Spooky Dictator,"Downloading screen simulator 2015 is the best game of the year, I spent 7 hours for it to download, I got super excited to play it then, then there was another downloading screen that took another 2 hours, 10/10 would download again********************************************************************************************************************Ok. So after playing this game for over 500 hours. I can say this is a fantastic MMO. The biggest problems I see in people is they come in expecting skyrim multiplayer, and you'll see many people saying the same thing. If you like MMOs and you like TES games, buy this. After Zenimax has had time to add tons of content, fix bugs (not including Cyrodiil), and rework some things, its safe to say they've managed to make a great MMO experience. Highly recommended if you like MMOs.Pros:+ EXCELLENT COMBAT, when you use a giant maul, it actually feels like you're using a maul, and not a twig, alot better than other TES games. Combat also can be very fluid and overall it works great in this game+ Tons of content+ Tons of different builds and playstyles+ LOADS of PvE content+ Overall great support from developers, lots of future content+ PvP overall is amazing+ Tons of different armor sets to customize your build/farm for+ Exploring the land of Tamriel is beautiful.Cons- PvP is lacking, the system is great, but in the higher up campaigns servers can be very laggy in large raids- Theres a fair amounts of issues with balancing.. especially in PvP, and removing crit on proc sets just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥some people off even more, especially PvErs (like me)- ZoS will *sometimes* nuke/nerf something to the point of temporary unusability(As you can see, most the cons are only toward the higher up players.)- Some gear can be disgustingly OP- The first 10-15 levels can be slow and tedieous if brand new to the gameOVERALLCombat - 9.5/10Exploration - 1010Leveling - 8/10PvE - 10/10PvP 8.7/10"
76561198092199840,Not Recommended,306130,34555817,Posted: 28 August,all,jay,Can't even start the game at all. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198325164202,Not Recommended,306130,35036500,Posted: 17 September,all,TankyTahm,"Don't By elderscrolls online right now, there servers are completely terrible. everytime I want to play it kicks me out while my character is loading in. The issue has been happening ever since the morrow update came out. with the amount of money made of this game at least let players get into the game. fix your technical issues please."
76561198120416564,Not Recommended,306130,30779596,Posted: 27 March,all,Arcticnation,take too long to launch
,Recommended,306130,18515552,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Doge,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▓▓█████████████▓▓▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒████▓▓▒▒░▒▒▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓████▓▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒███▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒███████▓▓▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒██▓░░░░▒▒███▓▓▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▓██████▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒██▓░░░▓███▓▒░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░▒▓▓███▓████▒▒░░░░░░░░░██▓░░▒▓██▓░░▒▓██████▓░░░░░░░▒░░░░░░▒██▓▒░░░▓███▒▓▒░░░░░░░░░██░░▓███▒░░▒██▒░░░░▒▒██▓░░░░░░░░░░░██▒░░░░▒████▒█░░░░░░░░░░██░▒▓▒▓▓░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░█▓░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░▒███░░█▒░░░░░░░░▓█░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░▓█░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▒░░░░░░░░█▓░░░░░░░░░█▒░░████░░░░░░░█▒░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░███░░░░░░░▒█░░░░░░░▒▓▒█▓░▓████▓░░░░░▒█░░░░░░░░▒█▒░░░░░░░░░░██░█▒░░░░░░██░░░░░▒▓▒▓▒██▒▒▓▓▓░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░▒████▓███████▓░█▒░░░░░░█▓░░░░░▒░░░▒░▒██▓▒░░░░░▒██▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▓░░░░░░▒██▓░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░▓▒░░░░▒▓██████▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒██░░░▓█▓▓▒░░░██░░░░▒█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▒▓▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓██░░▓█▓░▒▒██▒░░██░░░▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▒░░██░░██▓░▒░▒░██░░▒█░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░██░░▓█░█▓░█▒█▓█▓░░█░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒░▒▒░░▓█▓░░██░█▒▒█▒█▒▓█░░█░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒░░░░░░░░░░▓█░░░█▒░░░░▒▒░░▒█░▓█░░░▒█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░█▒░░█▒░░░░░░░░▓█░█▓░░░░█▓░▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓█░░█▒░░░░░░░░█░▒█░░░░░▓█░░▒░░▒▒░░▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█▒░░░░░░░█▓░█▓░░░░░░█▒░░▒░░▒░░▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█▒░░░░░░▓█░░█░░░░░░░██░░░▒░▒░░░▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█▒░░░░░░██░░█░░░░░░░░█▓░░░▒░▒░░░░▒▒░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░▒█░▒█░░░░░░░█▒░░█▓░░░░░░░▓█░░░░▒▒░░░░░▒▒░░░░░░▒▒▒▓▓▓▒░░░░░░░██░██░░░░░░░██░░▓█░░░░░░░░██░░░▒░▒░░░░░▒░░░░░░░░▒░▒▒▓█▒░░░░▒█░░█▓▒▓▓▓▒░░▓█░░░█▒░░░░░░░▒█▒░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒░▒▓░░░██░▒█░░░░▒▓▓░░██░░█▒░░░░░░░░▒█▒░░░▒░▒░░░▒░░░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒░░░▒█░░██░░░░░░░█░▒█░░█▒░░░░░░░░░▓█░░░▒░▒░░░░▒▒░░░░▓▒▒▓▓▓▒░░▓▒░██░░██▒▒▒▒▓▒▓▓███░░█▒░░░░░░░░░░██░░░▒░▒░░░░░▒▒░░░░░░░░▓█▓░░░█▓░░██░▓█░█░█░░█▒░░█▒░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░▒▒░░░░░░▒▒░░░░░░░░▒█▓░█▓░░▓█▒▒█▒█░█▒██░░▒█░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▒░░░░▒░░░▒░░░▒▒░░░░░░░░▒▓██░░░██░░░░▒▒██░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓██░░░░░░░░▒▒░░░▒░░░░░░░░░▓█░░░░▓███▓▓██░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓██▒░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░▒▒▒░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓███▒░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▓██▒░░░░░░░▒███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▓███▓▒░░░░░░░▒░░▒▒▒▒░░░▒██▓██████▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒████▓▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓██▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▓████▓░░░░░░░▓█████▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒█████████▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,306130,16142627,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,goon,sfdsa
,Not Recommended,306130,23664774,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Tam ~{The Ultimate Gamer}~,"I had fun with this game up until the last quest of the main story. Yes I would recomend this game if you want to have fun, but don't expect it to play like Tradional Elder Scrolls. The Last Quest in the main story is bugged super bad and there is no way from getting around it aside from waiting a long time just to start from the start of the given quest or contacting customer Support. I hope that they fix this bug to keep current players and want to have new players join in rather then focus on just adding DLC. I'm just done with this game after that."
76561198182042154,Not Recommended,306130,30775537,Posted: 27 March,all,Minun,meh
76561198171429973,Not Recommended,306130,23010228,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Domfincrag,It wont even run :(
76561198010047179,Not Recommended,306130,19167475,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,massena,"quite possibly the WORST game I have ever played.  I go all the way back to UO and pretty much everything in between.  This game is mind numbing, tedious and not at all intuitive.  Save yourself $60.  I wish i had."
76561198203219870,Not Recommended,306130,17258500,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Glock40_Turtle,"I cant launch the game and cant get rufund, any tips that can help?"
76561198183166102,Not Recommended,306130,15554736,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,zett7,it wont start
76561198132893495,Not Recommended,306130,28086702,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,BlackVortex461,"Let me just start with saying, I have the earlier game, Elder Scrolls V, Skyrim. That is one amazing game definitely recommend that. But then this game. What a disappointment. Buy this game for $60 DOLLARS, and at first I'm like oh its worth the money but it is NOT. This game takes over 5 hours to download and once you get in, you have to set up a whole another account. Once I finally start playing the gameplay seems nice, then go down in a cave to get loot, and EVERYTHING is empty because of all the other players getting everything before you do. So you're here with leather armor and you see guys with huge swords and giant armor pieces getting the loot you are getting. This caused me a lot of stress, and my friend was downloading it too, and as he watched me played it, we knew we had made a big mistake. We both tried refunding but got a reply saying our purchase was permanent and we couldn't get a refund. This really got me going and made me SO mad, and even gave the game a second try, but gameplay had glitches, bugs, and very time consuming just to be able to fight the smallest enemies. I have now lost all respect for Valve and definitely do not recommend this game. Complete waste of money. DO NOT BUY."
76561198342108575,Not Recommended,306130,26738140,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,torn_up_picture,Downloaded the 36 hour free trial. It took hours to download. I didn't even get to create a character before it somehow decided 36 hours had already passed. I'm hardly going to buy a game a know nothing about and don't know if it will work on my laptop. Would NOT recommend the trial.
,Not Recommended,306130,29855052,Posted: 11 February,all,wins32767,The game crashes within a few seconds of starting from the launcher.
76561198031508549,Not Recommended,306130,33499059,Posted: 13 July,all,TuonenKulkija,Decent game but not worth your money.
76561198117555237,Recommended,306130,11458411,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,just the worst,"..,'::::::::::,~'': : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : '-|……..|::::::::,-': : : : : : : : - -~''''¯¯''-„: : : : :\……..|::::::::|: : : : : : : : : _„„--~'''''~-„: : : : '|……..'|:::::::,': : : : : : :_„„-: : : : : : : : ~--„_: |'………|::::::|: : : „--~~'''~~''''''''-„…_..„~''''''''''''¯|………|:::::,':_„„-|: : :_„---~: : :|''¯¯''''|: ~---„_: ||……..,~-,_/'': : : |: :(_ o__): : |: : : :|:(_o__): \.……../,'-,: : : : : ''-,_______,-'': : : : ''-„_____|……..\: :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : :„: : : : :-,: : : : : :\………',:': : : : : : : : : : : : :,-'__: : : :_',: : : : ,'……….'-,-': : : : : :___„-: : :'': : ¯''~~'': ': : ~--|'………….|: ,: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|………….'|: \: : : : : : : : -,„_„„-~~--~--„_: ::: |…………..|: \: : : : : : : : : : : :-------~: : : : : |"
76561198120518823,Not Recommended,306130,21676971,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,jcrigger1,The game is not what i expected for it to be it was an overrall okay game the elder scrolls was a much better game.
76561198053075221,Not Recommended,306130,23279425,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,☠ PsYfRag ☠,Stuck ad loading screen! can't even play!!!
76561198277602337,Not Recommended,306130,24677687,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TheJokerReignOfTheRainBow,"Game is terrible! So, Iv tried 15hrs tryin to play it everytime I keep signing in it crashes like"
76561198043028011,Recommended,306130,22973320,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,AJSA-Nicotb,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
76561198127010842,Recommended,306130,16742247,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Running Riot Raiden,Le Lenny Face( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)	( ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)	ᕦ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)ᕤ	( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)	͡° ͜ʖ ͡ -	( ͡͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ °)﻿	( ͡ ͡° ͡°  ʖ ͡° ͡°)(ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง	( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡ °)	(ʖ ͜° ͜ʖ)	[ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°]ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ	( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)	{ ͡• ͜ʖ ͡•}	( ͡° ͜V ͡°)( ͡^ ͜ʖ ͡^)	( ‾ʖ̫‾)	( ͡°╭͜ʖ╮͡° )	ᕦ( ͡°╭͜ʖ╮͡° )ᕤ╚═( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)═╝╚═(███)═╝╚═(███)═╝.╚═(███)═╝..╚═(███)═╝…╚═(███)═╝…╚═(███)═╝..╚═(███)═╝.╚═(███)═╝╚═(███)═╝.╚═(███)═╝..╚═(███)═╝…╚═(███)═╝…╚═(███)═╝…..╚(███)╝……╚(██)╝………(█)……….*10/10would play agin IGNr8 8 m8 8\8 no h8like family fued with guns without guns.Haikus are easybut sometimes they dont make sencerefrigerator.
76561198297713752,Not Recommended,306130,29395310,Posted: 21 January,all,panoss27,"I got the gold eddition 4 days ago and still cannot play it, never ending loading screen and full errors.Total waste of money"
76561198207314772,Not Recommended,306130,16735136,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Calm Yo Tits,"Before you even read what I have to type, search this phrase in google first: ""elder scroll online launcher problem/issue"".I've never written a review before (nor do I want to write one) but this game just gave me a motivation to do so. Here's why: Once upon a time, there's this random Asian guy decided to buy Elder Scrolls Online (from here on will be ESO). But soon after he hit that blue little ""installing"" button, his first nightmare unfold: 48GB DOWNLOAD! Now I know that at least half of you won't even bother with this but for a 3rd world's civilian like me (a.k.a countries with really bad internet and ISP), this is simply dreadful. And the best part ? That 48GB is just base game data, you'll have to download more updates to play (I can't tell exactly how many GBs the update was but it's around 10) . And this is where the real fun begin: the game launcher (also acts as a updater like most MMOs) is notorious for its inability to properly download and apply the patch. The first issue I ran into was ""webget request failed"", shortly followed by ""http request failed"" (after a while I stumbled into 2 more but forgot what it was).Can it get better ? Damn straight it can, as this launcher WILL DOWNLOAD FROM SCRATCH IF IT CAN'T PROPERLY DOWNLOAD SOME RANDOM FILES (there's this 1.8GB patch that I have to download 4 times!). Let me just sum up by this: IT TOOK ME ALMOST A DAY JUST TO UPDATE THE GAME! (not to mention all the google search, scrounging multiple forums and reading a whole lot of FAQ sections). Conclusion ? Just too much hassles and technical issue for a $60 game (5 hours on record isn't correct at all as 4 hours and a half of it was actually spent updating the bloody game)"
76561197962447638,Not Recommended,306130,26695099,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,MeMo -ry stick,"Very simplistic combat, poor map system, lots of fetch quests."
,Not Recommended,306130,28925593,Posted: 1 January,all,Lil Thought CSOFFER.ME,The baddest ec game there is
76561198166311379,Not Recommended,306130,29775962,Posted: 7 February,all,Selkie,this game is complete trash now the creators do an awful job updating i have the requirements and everything and for the past 2 god damn days i couldnt even load in after the launcher and they made me install the game TWICE so i had to uninstall both of them and reinstall one and still didnt work i paid a lot of money for this game and now i cant even get into the game thanks a lot zenimax one more thing you had to scerw up so screw you and your bad updates and your god damn bad moderators for your games you should be ashamed of yourselves
76561198053446406,Not Recommended,306130,30454198,Posted: 11 March,all,Dunaria,Pay to win
,Not Recommended,306130,15116275,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Ashrazal,"I have *never* seen a game done so halfwitted and uncaring about the world it is set in, as this one.No developer team has struck me as so unprofessional and deluded as this ZOS team has.The quests are an absolute joke, there is ZERO choices given as it was advertised.Lag, crashes and freezes persist after a year in development.Even worse, the most simple bugs including spelling errors are not fixed.By all means, do NOT spend the full price on this half done game that isn't even out of beta.The devs do NOT care about the community, and even the most dire problems are shrugged off with a feeling that they don't even know that these problems existed.105€ for the game and a gamecard is ridiculous.Buy it on a massive discount and see for yourself.Or don't buy it and just wait for Bethesda to bring TES VI and spare yourelf the frustration."
76561198007307226,Recommended,306130,11301862,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,LittlePedro,"I enjoy this game it is very unique and fun to play. Amazing customization, and the 30 days free DOES work, if people would only read the directions provided on the ESO website they would see that you need to creat an account and then go to reedeem code, enter in the steam CD code provided with your download of this game."
76561198153435137,Not Recommended,306130,31030128,Posted: 8 April,all,tydelambert,its great but i hate the online crap. this would have been a great game if i didnt have like 6 people running around stealing my recources. the next game needs to have the option to not have online.
76561198119006573,Not Recommended,306130,16263876,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Aboundedsumo79,"can't even start the piece of sh*t. just wait for the console version. or better, save your money."
,Not Recommended,306130,35160392,Posted: 23 September,all,stamos15,Took about 2 hours to download and to much paying for everything
76561198032183703,Not Recommended,306130,32192328,Posted: 4 June,all,usmc_sgt98,"This is the worst game in the Elder Scrolls series. When it comes to playing a rogue...NO. When comparing this to Skyrim there is none. Theives guild is boring, stealing is even worse. You cannot steal weapons, armor, or anything like you did in skyrim. The Dark Brotherhood... The ""Ebony Dagger"" is a magical dagger that appears on a successful backstab against an NPC. There is absolutely no fun in this game. You cannot sneak up to a character and drop a bunch of poisonous bottles in their pocket. You cannot snipe from a distance. You get maybe two shots and the enemy is on top of you. Houses are pointless, as you cannot store anything in them. Storage is only at the bank. Crafting is not that fun either. To me, I feel as if this is an online game for tankers or people who just run through games without searching every nook and cranny or coming up with crafty ways to kill the enemy. Oh and enemy kills...if you are near someone who kills a boss you get some of the xp."
,Not Recommended,306130,34509916,Posted: 26 August,all,dima.key,"The worst game in the world... Costs tons of money, size 65Gb+ and it does not work====================================================================eso has stopped working.====================================================================This all that you could get. And you are not able to ask from support, because you don`t have invitation!"
76561198094810799,Recommended,306130,11372925,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,messiahofsin,need my cd key
76561198093450726,Recommended,306130,12883989,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Geese Commander,AMAZING GAMEUHHHHGET IT NOWwith imperial
76561198046301127,Not Recommended,306130,25847021,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Lochem,"What I dislike most about this game is the inability to play it. I have spent hours back and forth with the Elder Scrolls Online Support team trying to figure out how to resolve the issue with no success. The game was purchased through Steam and since their guidelines prohibit refunds in my case, I'm left with an unused redemption key. I appreciate the ESO Support team for their efforts despite 2-3 day response times. Fortunately I have Fallout 4 to play on ultra settings. In the meantime Steam, you've lost my marketplace business. And I will share this poor experience with as many communities as possible. Don't waste your hard earned money lining the wallets of those who don't care about your satisfaction or willing to justify their wrong.*End Dramatics*"
,Recommended,306130,11328685,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Prizax,Beautiful game.
,Recommended,306130,11361789,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,HG.L3gacy,My take on it. I'm a WoW veteran of 5 years and swore I would not play another MMO after I stopped playing WoW in Rift. Now I did just get the game but so fair I'm enjoying it. It looks like a lot of the bugs have been fixed and some really nice addones and UI improvements etc..  So fair so good for me. I'll have to se how it scales when I get max Lv and start really getting into the game.I think we have a case of  a lot of  bandwaggon heaters.
,Not Recommended,306130,26663953,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MrGaud,god i wanna like this game but its just so bad. the combat feels so wrong and poorly weighted. the class system really takes away from everything that made other elderscrolls great. ive tried playing on a few seperate occasions but i cant make it past level 10 before i get bored and go back to skyrim. if you're gonna make an elderscrolls game multiplayer it should be more like the division where friends can join eachothers games and go to pvp zones that add in more players in that way. i hope they do something like that in the future because this crap is just unplayable
76561198020891446,Recommended,306130,11360276,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Sindog,"My initial thoughts after playing TESO for roughly 8 hours (see futher down for my extended review while I have put now more than 30 hours in)I was a skeptic of TESO due to a lackluster beta experience and many negative reviews that accompanied the release. Like others I decided to not purchase this game. I decided to bite the bullet this week when it launched on steam for 50% off the standard edition. I am so glad that I did because I am having a great time with TESO. The graphics, music, quest system, voice acting are some of the best in the industry. Some of the quests involving The Prophet send chills through my body because the sound effects mixed with rich grahics and voice acting really do bring you deep into the game. TESO offers many different character and class customizations where it makes you feel like you have total control over the advancement of your skills and stats. Crafting and gathering are also important components of the gameplay as I have found they fill the gaps in your gear. In the open world Anchors are fun public battles that randomly pop up; I found these fun, challenging, and rewarding.TESO is a subscription based game with the first 30 days free. Some have described a lacking end game in TESO which I have not reached yet. There are some expected overhauls coming down the pipeline according to the Devs at Quakecon14 so I will stay tuned. My strategy will be to play the hell out of this awesome game. If needed I will unsubscribe and wait for updates if some of what I read is true about the end game. Until then I will continue my Epic journey in TESO.In summary TESO offers all the RPG elements that are expected of a modern video game. I can not say enough how epic my journey has been thus far and how pleased I am with the graphics and sound. If you are a fan of the Elder Scrolls world; Skyrim or the like there of, I would highly suggest giving this at least a play through. While the sale is now over, I'm sure there will be another one so keep an eye out.Extended Review I 7/23 (Almost 24 hours played):I chose the Dominion faction to begin my TESO journey, and I really enjoyed the starting continent. The exploration in TESO is really good. Literally every corner of the continent is worth travelling to because of all the different quests, dungeons, and elite battles that you will encounter. The rewards are worth it too because you can find skyshards which are scattered and typically hidden. Obtain 3 shards and you gain a skill point. This is really helpful with your character's progression. When I hit level 10 I was summoned once again by The Prophet. The epic quest resumed and I have to say so far this is my favorite aspect of the quest system of TESO.I aslo did my first party dungeon. Players were waiting outside of the entrance and eager to fill in the 4 man groups to begin. The dungeon was challenging and had 5 bosses all with unique abilities. Most of the battles were not easy at first but not too difficult to figure out. One thing to note, once you exit or complete the dungeon you can do it again as many times as you want. The loot was also notable with most bosses dropping blue rarity gear and some greens.I hope you enjoyed the review, I will keep adding to it :)Extended Review II 7/26/14 (30+ hours played):I'm still hooked to the game and I just hit level 24 on my Woodelf Nightblade who uses Medium Armor, Bow, and a mixture of Siphon and Shadow abilities. I just cleared the Grahtwood zone which is the second area for the Dominion faction. The quests are all interesting and do not feel repetitive. While some of the solo dungeons seem similar in layout they are not 100% the same so that really helps because I was worried they would become kinda like a template. I also just finished the level 20 group dungeon EH which went by smooth with only 1 boss wipe for the group. I would say so far the difficulty is right on par for a well balanced group consisting of 1 tank, 1 healer and 2 DPS. I really do enjoy exploring the map in it's entirety and reading all of the books I find. I noticed you even get skill gains off of some books which adds value to taking the time to look at them.8.5/10 (30+ hours played)"
,Not Recommended,306130,31123087,Posted: 13 April,all,TROWIE,♥♥♥♥♥ Cash crates. Boring quests. Terrible grind and RNG. PvP...  ♥♥♥♥that.
76561198050236850,Not Recommended,306130,16020614,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,ashley,"ride horse with friends simulator 2015the quests are kinda boring and if you're questing with a friend every enemy just dies in a second.  it becomes trivial and you get kinda bored just going places to be honest.  the only reason we kept on playing was to read the story but then we got confused by the story because there were SO MANY NAMES to remember.  Being someone who did not play any of the elder scrolls, this was a really hard game to immerse myself in.  The only reason I keep playing is because I spent 80$ on this and don't want to let it go to waste...but it's so boring I fall asleep playing it.  Needs better combat system :\"
76561198059538934,Not Recommended,306130,16016570,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,62,Hate this game with every fibre of my being...
,Not Recommended,306130,29661577,Posted: 2 February,all,MikieIsGay,I spent $60 expecting to enter all of Tamriel... Nope only portions are completed. I then tried to join a guild... Nope gotta spend more money... I atleast wanna be able to be an imperial.. Nope gotta spend even more money... If you got a lot of money and wanna blow it buy this game if your like everyone else dont waste your time. (also the storyline conflicts with the lore big time)
,Not Recommended,306130,19058884,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,@Intrusive Thoughts,This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.
76561198366988415,Not Recommended,306130,33983804,Posted: 2 August,all,scilesitaly,the game dosent work and when you get past all the loading screens it dosnt work and you realsied you bought a product that dosent even work and is gargbage and all the autistic suport tells you to restart when youve alredy tried that instead of fixing an issue maby people have complained about they just keep it and steal money my 6 hours of play was just trying to get the thing to work with on my own or with teck suport that dosent know anything
,Not Recommended,306130,35072111,Posted: 19 September,all,Elmonrian,Fix this lag pls
76561198004538351,Recommended,306130,19383170,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Buzzerker,"I have to admit , I understand why it got the reviews it did , mostly positive , but I am going to recommend this game becasue it is unique. What they have done is made an mmorpg game out of Skyrim / Elder Scrolls and it has elements of World of Warcraft, Rift, and other games but it still has it's own style and is basically true to the Elder Scrolls / Skyrim kind of games. It has it's ups and downs but at times it is an entertaining game. It evolves , along with the story and your character. there is a grind to it but that goes for all mmorpgs. It's a cool game."
76561198000375360,Not Recommended,306130,29636430,Posted: 1 February,all,Dankobananko,Seeing people all around me doing their stuff is just to different from ES world im used to in oblivion adn Skyrim. And maybe im getting to old for these kind of games in general.But its 4/10 from me.
,Not Recommended,306130,12856631,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Coke Cola Salesman,if i could id return this game @_@
,Not Recommended,306130,26718803,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Caffeineguy™,"Zenimax managed to make every little detail a gigantic plothole that ruins the whole Elder Scrolls expierience. If you like original games with original ideas this is not for you, literally copied all of Oblivion. This game can be fun with the MMO expierience."
,Not Recommended,306130,34518052,Posted: 26 August,all,Sergeant Schultz,i cant even get in to the game beacuse the update launcher is stuck on an infinite (Loading...) screenany help would be nice
76561197994547716,Not Recommended,306130,33702547,Posted: 21 July,all,SchwartzBwithU,"This is an old Re-release of a old game, the graphics are bad, the controls are basically unusable.it's an online game only, unlike I was lead to believe by the advertising for it.Stay away from this Game, and AVOID STEAM Completely their customer service is none existent!"
,Not Recommended,306130,32141864,Posted: 2 June,all,Megajoemama,oH BOY Should I BUy thIs GAme?no
,Not Recommended,306130,34543594,Posted: 27 August,all,Vulpes,"So far I've found nothing really redeemable about this game. Bear in mind, I haven't played many MMO's. The main quest so far has been excruciatingly boring. It really became a grind to get to level 10 to play the campaigns, which as my friends implied would be a lot of fun. So finally I hit 10, and made my way through another boring and expectly slow intro to the PvP campaign. Finally I got to try it, and so far it just involves walking a lot, and arriving at the end of the battle, or getting instantly killed. So far this has to be at least one of the most boring games I have ever played."
,Recommended,306130,11487944,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,rob linguine,i got the authentic elder scrolls experience by the game crashing 10 times before i uninstalled it
,Not Recommended,306130,30105110,Posted: 22 February,all,lightning mckillyourself,To be honest I liked skyrim alot better because in this game all you have to do is grind exp. Although this game dosent have monthly subscriptions needed to play (which i found awsome) I just didint get the same feeling as playing skyrim. Skyrim is one of my favorite games because you can mod it and its just made amazingly. Although Elder Scrolls Online has a storyline I didnt find it as appealing as skyrim
76561198065953229,Not Recommended,306130,30856365,Posted: 31 March,all,Anon E. Moose,"I'm not going to give a thumbs up just because it really wasnt good enought for that. All I'm going to say is it's nowhere near as good as Skyrim was and I was kinda dissapointed.The map is big but with it's size it lacks real substance.The plot line is too choppy, same as the side missions. Not a lot of immersion like Skyrim had. Dialogue becomes stale quickly.Quests feel sort of copy-paste for the three faction options. (Wherever you start it's essentially the same side quests in a different map with different monsters.)Fighting animation is lacking in smoothness and style, same for magic. (Skyrim did it better, especially magic...)MMO style was a stupid idea for Elder Scrolls. They should have just released another Elder Scrolls game similar to Skyrim/Oblivion/Morrowind and maybe add co-op play.At the same time the game was pretty fun for the first 150 hours I played it. Quests were dull but friends made it fun. UNDERWHELMING is the rating I'd give it. I probably won't play it ever again BUT, if you like Elder Scrolls and MMOs and your friends do too, this is definately a game you should try."
76561198086460303,Not Recommended,306130,24110076,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Pickleman,"Bought it 2 days ago, haven't played it yet because it takes ages to download and then another decade or so to update. I seriously hope all this waiting is worth it in the end because right now I'm seriously getting annoyed."
,Not Recommended,306130,18886811,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,AbstractRobbie,"All mouse and no controller makes Jack a dull boy. Installed, saw there is no native controller support. Refunded. Game over. The end."
76561198111628506,Not Recommended,306130,33438896,Posted: 10 July,all,Danbezekiel,i cant login it is dumb there some games at there is better then this
,Recommended,306130,19448647,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,nicholasbrentparker,it sucked
,Not Recommended,306130,16904701,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,anti-social kid on the block,"I got this game, the only good part, being online, the downside, the new crappy HUD and menus, also you cant just pick up random crap anymore, everythings in a bag, barrel, or some container. Skyrim, the previous game, is still the BEST Elder Scroll Game!!!"
76561197990236539,Not Recommended,306130,34909566,Posted: 12 September,all,Graculus,It's a totally generic MMO with a very light Elder Scrolls skin over the top.It's not an Elder Scrolls game. Don't get this if you're an Elder Scrolls fan.
,Not Recommended,306130,24786249,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Banzai Banger,All my hours are probably gonna be from downloading this game.10/10 - IGN
76561198140875991,Not Recommended,306130,24968250,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,triandresf,"WAIT!!!!!! MUST REAAAAD BEFORE BUY! /  ESPERAAAAA DEBES LEER ANTES DE COMPRAR !!!!Just buy ESO from steam and redem the code on your eso acc. DONT download from steam its a 3 days pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥is not ubdated, download from eso web.compra el juego en steam, redime el codigo que obtienes en tu cuenta de ESO pero NOOOOOOOO descargues le juego con steam es una total ♥♥♥♥♥♥, esta absurdamente desactualizado, tarda casi 3 dias en actualizarse, practicamente lo tienes que descargar 2 veces, ve a la web oficial y descargalo directamente con ellos.steam apesta! (almenos en cuanto a ESO)"
76561198178051855,Not Recommended,306130,25877183,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/SecretDeguchi,Not enjoyable.
76561198044141094,Not Recommended,306130,30148321,Posted: 24 February,all,Roo-Fie-OOOOOOOOOOOHHH,♥♥♥♥
76561198075192257,Not Recommended,306130,26728142,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Missing you),♥♥♥♥♥p.s. I have been played in TES since Morrowind.
76561198018024838,Not Recommended,306130,26733846,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Jalnish,"its a pretty bad mmo controls are really clunky, combat is boring, crafting is trash.if you want a good mmo get guild wars 2."
76561198250953152,Not Recommended,306130,35493045,Posted: 5 October,all,Raging_Potato,tes online is discrase for tes
76561197983432651,Not Recommended,306130,34527877,Posted: 27 August,all,malladram,had to get a refund because non-stop crashing every 10 min
76561198112625724,Not Recommended,306130,26641915,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,FlyingCat,"A very boring game, lame combat system and very different from other elder scrolls game."
76561197993619373,Not Recommended,306130,23316686,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,george.baez,"I picked a bad day to buy this, server went down this moring and now has been down all afternoon. A bad patch issue they are saying, but after reading online reviews, this is not uncommon..."
76561198120507490,Not Recommended,306130,24748402,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,kkat740,"Absolutley terrible. It took 12 hours total to download the game and half of that time counted as ""gameplay"" and when I was finally able to play it, it would crash everytime I tried to adjust anything in settings. I could only change the graphics settings from the settings option in the main menu title screen. eventually I'm finally able to open my game and have it play without lagging too too bad and as soon as i get to the rift or whatever that teleports you to tamriel out of the wailing prison it spends like half an hour trying to load and then gives up and then the server crashed kicking me out of the game. This game is a mess"
,Recommended,306130,14939712,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Tyrnoc,ok just curious i bought the regular game and before tamriel unlimited do i have to rebuy the game since i bought it with steam the first time
76561198168858642,Not Recommended,306130,19451501,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Dig Dawg Shee Shaw,"Glad i waited for the steam deal to lower it by 50% from the original 60$ price...this game isn't even worth 20 dollars though. POS. Avoid like the plague. Boring. No real choice or feeling of freedom. There's just the main quest line which is same as usual ""save the world"" scenario, along with a bunch of sidequests that you only will do for supplemental exp. 99% of the time its easy as hell. Then suddenly you are up against an npc that is nearly impossible. This happened to me with Hazak in Hazak's lair at around level 7. But main reason that happened was...the quest npc that is supposed to help me fight him...does nothing. Yes that's right. After a long boring dialogue where this person asks you to ""help me fight Hazak or I will fight him by myself and probably wind up dying if I try it alone""...he follows me to Hazak, where I begin fighting Hazak...and the npc that asked for your help in fighting him....just stands there with his weapon sheathed, watching as I fight this boss alone with only my crappy low level monkey looking lightning pet, which dies in 2 hits to Hazak, and then I die, as the npc just stands there. Completely turned off to this game now and pretty turned off to Bethesda in general. Maybe instead of trying to have several different titles like Fallout 4 and this at same time, they should focus on one game to make good. Cause this game is broken and barely playable. Its okay though...I will just spend wiser next time and avoid Bethesda titles. Thanks for wisdom Bethesda."
,Recommended,306130,14915931,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,LuciusDei,let me test it
,Not Recommended,306130,25460163,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Outlaw_bradley,"I found this game to be very big with not much in the world, graphics are bad but i wasn't expecting greatness from a MMO.Story wasn't well constructed in my opinion either.If you are looking for a MMO go for SWTOR.If you are looking for a new elder scrolls game go back to skyrim with a different class"
76561197977010468,Not Recommended,306130,25154673,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Obsidian Shadow,"Wait several hours for massive downloadGo through the most user unfriendly account creation interface known to manTurn off your antivirus, allow Java to punch a hole in your windows firewall, switch from firefox to Explorer, turn off adblocker, allow cookiesActivate your account on a separate website using the product key Steam gives youGo back to your email to get an activation link and click on it twice to get a message your account has been activatedLog on again and go back to your email for a special confirmation code because they don't recognise your IP address or wait 24 hours to retry if you can't find the e-mail special codeEnter the special code this time, not the steam product keyGo back to your account and confirm you just want the regular account instead of the money leech accountLog on again, watch nice cinematicCreate character on character creation screenFill in crash reportLog onClick playFill crash reportGive up ask Steam for a refundDoes this sound like fun to you?On the plus side they have military grade security...No hacker will ever get through!"
76561197986131070,Recommended,306130,11360489,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Naughty Mouse,"After playing the game for several days I can say I have enjoyed it. I am a more casual player, often do not have the time to find groups, so games that are solo capable are more my flavor, The quest are actually pretty kewl. No idea how it will be in the end game, way to early for me to tell, but up to this point I have had allot of fun."
,Recommended,306130,11371566,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Beepis,Hello My name is Beepis and im Addicted to ESO
76561198139097707,Not Recommended,306130,14074801,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,derpwaaa1347,i got this game because i thought it would be cool i paid for the game but i can not play it because you need to pay monthly just to play it and it does not say that any where to sum it up i got ♥♥♥♥ed over and i want my money back this game is just a ♥♥♥♥ over and the more that i talk about this game the more i get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so anyone that want to buy this game be ready to to pay over about $100 just to play it for a little while
76561197985223676,Not Recommended,306130,14410145,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Tinon (MG),"SOOOOOOO disappointed with this game.They cloned the Secret World/Star Wars/Neverwinter Genre.No private instances, 1000 mobs just to get to objective.No ingame VOIPyada yada yadaBethsethda is pretending this game does not exist."
,Not Recommended,306130,23036477,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Siegbrau,"This isn't a good game. The combat is terrible. There's no insightful feedback. It's all about mashing buttons, and stacking numbers. There's no skill involved in a game like this. This game is a watered down RIFT.The voice acting is terrible. The game runs like crap, and looks like crap. I know source games that look better than this garbage.If you want to play MMORPGS that have good combat, and a good story, pick up a copy of Soulsborne, Vindictus or even Black Desert Online. Hell, even Dragon's Dogma makes the combat in this game look like childs play.Stop buying these chitty WoW clones with different skins."
76561198159521050,Not Recommended,306130,31915984,Posted: 23 May,all,magnum pi,"biggest regret on stream, to get new update have to pay $62 LUL are they are crazy"
76561198117042418,Not Recommended,306130,19460836,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,vior wolfkin,wont let me loggin forget it
,Not Recommended,306130,26085921,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,andsoobvs,"Pros:-Sweet environmental graphicsCons:-Glitchy-Literally the dullest game I have ever played in my life.Maybe this was a consequence of coming into ESO off of 150 hours of Skyrim, but a person can only do so many retrieval missions, right? Maybe it would've been more fun if I had a party (MAYBE), but I would not recommend going into it alone. There's also the issue of not even being able to install it for the first literally 8 months that I owned it because I didn't have DirectX and the install package didn't include it, which doesn't make much sense, especially when you consider the fact that when I installed Dishonored -- another friggin' Bethesda game -- IT DID (and fixed the ESO install problem). Just, like, get your shiz together, ESO. I must've had this installing and uninstalling and reinstalling trying to fix the problem for a good, I don't know, 40 cumulative hours before Dishonored backdoored the solution for me. It's not that this individual problem is a huge deal, it's that it's indicative of some of the just stupid technical problems endemic in Elder Scrolls games."
76561198004418410,Not Recommended,306130,25892053,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Zqiygyxz,WHERE ARE MY CHARACTERS???
76561198129265482,Not Recommended,306130,29778527,Posted: 8 February,all,boi,"my god is this game boring it just doesn't feel like an elder scrolls game its hard, its full of unhelpful greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and i gotta buy crowns (pay2win) to get more land to explore in the game."
76561198175592051,Not Recommended,306130,17835678,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,sir valstadt,SOOOOOOO BORING
76561198083951416,Not Recommended,306130,16209125,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Snape,Sadly I can't get it to work so no sadly
76561198026991765,Not Recommended,306130,33206951,Posted: 3 July,all,Magnus,dont buy
,Recommended,306130,23764453,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mok Kordoc,666
76561198044773890,Not Recommended,306130,24207698,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Imperator Augustus,"""I use to make good RPG's like you...then I took a TESO in the Knee""Bethesda at TESO release in 2014"
,Not Recommended,306130,15916936,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Big Nic The 2nd,No.Great banter.
,Not Recommended,306130,15071321,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,zhihong0321,"The GoodVery Large World. Rich in history, PeopleI believe all NPC are 100% Voice acted, and perfectly doneArt, Graphic 7.5/10The BadThe game can be fun. But ended up destroy by its time-consuming policy.Take years to level up everything. ( All MMORPS shared this, i know. )Millions of Quest. (which is good) But all repetitive (end up still bad..)Combat is dull. ( Not fluid and action packed at all. Not heroic. It feel realistic, but not fun )SummaryThe game might be good. and It is very large. But you are too quickly to become bored and stop exploring."
76561198027854437,Not Recommended,306130,15271878,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,SilverRavioli,"Zenimax has seriously screwed the pooch. The launcher is broken and so is the authentication service. I can't even log in! Additionally, creating a new account doesn't work since the auto generated activation code seems to be invalid. I have spent all day fighting to get into the game!"
,Not Recommended,306130,17992387,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Red Rocket,WARNING: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!No controller support in this day and age???Account set up may take a couple hours which will void your refund policy through steam.So I had this game for not even a week before I decided to return it and then Steam says I have to keep it. WTF?
76561198067230977,Not Recommended,306130,15499826,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,UncleTomLookin'Ass,If you want to actually have fun with a m-m-o game go with Neverwinter. I mean I was really trying to find a reason to not uninstall this game. its empty and boring.
76561197961322107,Not Recommended,306130,17836836,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,deltasisko,Go back to WoW.
76561198094602154,Not Recommended,306130,25099322,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,SirCookedAlot,"mate, i have been playing on steam for years and nothing more annoys me then steam not doing its job. do not download elderscrolls online from steam at all, it wont work, i just finished downloading the whopping 54 gb of data steam asked me to, then they flicked me to bethseda, and they said what the hell, whydid you download that uselesss stuff, deletes my information then restart the 54gb download. steam you stuffed up this time"
,Not Recommended,306130,25017632,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ampck,"I rate this game 3/10. Why? Because it is awful, but it is still a somewhat complete game. There are many (MANY) reasons this game sucks, so why not begin with the pros?Pros:1) There IS a game. There are quests, Items, Weapons, and Things to do in the game.2) PvP is regulated. A level ten can beat a Veteran Rank 14 Player. The only thing stopping him is if the VR14 player's gear is better than his, and it usually is.Cons:1) The quests are boring, and tend to be very similiar to eachother.2) The sixty dollar price tag is incredibly expensive due to the fact that, one, the game is no longer new, and two, if you want to have any fun with your game, you are going to have to spend at least $30 bucks in microtransactions to aquire the items neccesary to progress through the game.3) The player base is so little for a MMO, that there is almost no reason to try to start your own guild, or pay any attention to online features, because they probably won't be used, or be used so little, that they won't positively effect your experience. The people who ARE on, usually are on because they spent $60 bucks on a bad game, and don't want their money to be wasted, so they play the game until about level 10, which you can reach in about 2-3 hours.In conclusion, I don't recommend this game, for anybody, really. Unless you like the type of game described above."
76561198044998558,Not Recommended,306130,28397930,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Thunderstruck,This game sucks! It's all about money game play sucks! story line sucks! Quest rewards Suck! Need I say more. Skyrim 10 times the game ... This what a big disappointment.
,Not Recommended,306130,28609248,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,AI_Executor,"It is an MMO. If you expect from it to be a decent MMO then i recommend it to you, but if you expect for it to be a masterpiece like the TES games, you will be dissapointed, i wish i could get i refund, i would love to get one,yet still i can't. I suggest for you to buy this game, play for less than a n hour and see if thats what you want.period."
,Not Recommended,306130,30346193,Posted: 5 March,all,VaselineYeater,I bought this game for $60 now i see its $30... really????
,Not Recommended,306130,27828424,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,moon4ild.,!!!!
76561198024733312,Not Recommended,306130,32304391,Posted: 9 June,all,DONT TRIP OFF NO BITCH 4REAL,doesnt even work on my computer. heard its♥♥♥♥♥♥tho
,Recommended,306130,11310136,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Badacid,Great game but be warned you have to pay alot for the monthly subscription which is required to play the ♥♥♥♥ing game. So if you are willing to pay $15 a month than get this game.
76561198060502964,Not Recommended,306130,24724866,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Tides,"Over a week since i bought the game, installed it and was refused access by Zenimax/Bethesda, they have still yet to respond to my support tickets, and are still deleting any public comment i make that they can delete.I would highly recommend anyone considering buying this game, to not do so. There's no guarantee's if you'll get ripped off here or not. I just thank my lucky stars Steam has a refund policy.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Well so far the game has taken almost 24 hours to install, and the website to register the CD key does not work properly. I'm unable to ask for help on the Elder SCrolls online forums, since APPARENTLY one needs a special invitation in order to register there.So i bought a game that can't be played before reaching a very slow support team that i already have horrific memories of back during Betatesting.Don't buy this game.3 days later and Zenimax/Bethesda still insist that it is working as intended. THey are outright refusing to admit that they did not give me access to the game that i purchased.Make your own judgement, but remember that they cannot be trusted!"
76561198254487428,Not Recommended,306130,18551682,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,San Dieggo,dfrgthjkl
76561198095189869,Not Recommended,306130,20223706,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,◆İNVICTUS◆,Dont Buy this game
,Not Recommended,306130,19393759,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Lord Buggington,"I bought this game at the beginning of my weekend for something to do. day one was spent downloading and installing. day 2 was an update day, spent all day downloading and installing several gigs of updates. weekend gone and I still don't even know what the game is like. other than long updates, the levelling system is good, the skills is good, the crafting is good. all feel pretty original. but i heard so much good stuff about the quests, and there are tons, but like the elder scrolls has become its basically just following quest markers with no thought required."
76561198116197709,Not Recommended,306130,22228144,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Stephanie,"This game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ When I play this game it feels like my mother is ♥♥♥♥ing me with her 12 inch strapon, which then triggers a flashback to when my stepfather would beat me after getting drunk on gasoline. Do not buy this game unless you like watching your sister getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ed by Bill Cosby, and if your into that kind of stuff still dont buy this game."
76561198030852076,Not Recommended,306130,17075833,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Thato,Dont buy this game. they take your money and you never get to play becuase it is your fualt that thier emai with access code never arrives.
76561198053455116,Not Recommended,306130,19936838,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Long Rod Von Hugen Dong,♥♥♥♥ing gay.
76561198045650399,Not Recommended,306130,19982583,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kaptain Von Krunch,10/10 The uninstall button works great
,Not Recommended,306130,26730447,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Breathless,not fun :(
76561198002320286,Not Recommended,306130,30366595,Posted: 6 March,all,Kazuma,DONT BUY THIS GAME!!!the game wont work on your device and steam are useless and wont help you. you would be wasting your money for nothing!I downloaded it twice and tried every trick in the book but the game just wont launch. and steam have one of the worst support team ever! so just dont buy this game via steam cause it wont work.
76561198254201802,Not Recommended,306130,26504079,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Cosmic Crap,Terrible game. Very boring. I exc[ected it to be more like skyrim. I could find any mmorpg on the internet just like this one. Terrible optimization options. Refund it unless you can somehow find it fun.
,Not Recommended,306130,35433965,Posted: 2 October,all,Legion,Micro transaction crap
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,306130,32435999,Posted: 15 June,all,Blackcompany,"Generic, tab targeting, skill rotation MMO with a TES Skin. Zero innovation; does nothing we have not seen a hundred times befoire.If any other TES game offered coop for my partner and I, we wouldnt waste our time on this garbage. As it is, I still find it hard to actually find motivation to play, now I have a few hours under my belt."
76561198149707531,Not Recommended,306130,35471871,Posted: 4 October,all,Snow,We need Chinese
76561198142641114,Not Recommended,306130,24750940,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,GᖇIᘔᘔᒍᗩᑕKᔕOᑎ,"If you want cringeworthy version of Elder Scrolls, go ahead."
76561198126971181,Not Recommended,306130,22905993,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Thechongo1,More time downloading than you can actually play.  Also if you deside to not play it for a while and there are a few updates that come out in that time the game will pretty much take forever to download.  Not worth it.
,Not Recommended,306130,26757279,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jackrabbitofdoom,"Pretty boring for an Elder Scrolls game. Pretty boring for an MMO too.Also with maximum graphics, the pop-in for textures on NPCs and environments is horrible. A full 2-3 seconds before the full textures appear."
76561198341961397,Not Recommended,306130,29779280,Posted: 8 February,all,어둠의 복수 자,"The launcher is broken, do not buy this game. Error ''Eso has stopped working''."
,Not Recommended,306130,34797078,Posted: 7 September,all,kaijote,i hate it
76561198096054080,Not Recommended,306130,32306430,Posted: 9 June,all,Nobody,No mead 0/10
,Not Recommended,306130,12973506,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,jintaizen11,it wont launch!
,Not Recommended,306130,31960006,Posted: 25 May,all,rarestep,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░░░▀░░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░The Elder Scrolls ONLINE░░░
76561198293159855,Not Recommended,306130,23700583,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,RickGrimes,Not gripping. Pay walls. Lag. Just generally awful. Wish I never bought it.
76561198121645738,Not Recommended,306130,22775980,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Carson12141,Im sorry but i love skyrim and the games before that and the mmo is great but the class are the werst the mage class is to over powered this is♥♥♥♥♥♥do not buy if you want to be the biggest jerk and and go mage.
76561198052367287,Not Recommended,306130,29680674,Posted: 3 February,all,daryl7755,The game is boring.  I played world of warcraft and all of the eos games including arena and daggerfall.  This game doesnt have the feel of a elder scroll title.  The quest are kinda boring.  You level up and the enemies stay at your level so theres no sense of getting stronger with level.  It would be nice to solo old content with a op toon like in wow if  you dont like to play in groups.  I did not notice a group finder cept for chat.  Im sure you can join a guild and run with them but i didnt see any random pug groups.  The game shadows and lighting are nice but the graphics are like im playing morrowind.  Once again i think im dissapointed with the fact i was hoping to see a elder scroll game.  Not a boring mmo.
76561198087059268,Not Recommended,306130,19876391,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Roger Rabbit,still downloading and now I can't even get a refund because I apparently passed 2 hours playtime
,Not Recommended,306130,15651963,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,RockMonk89,"lots of bugs, cannot save passwords, keeps nagging about new computer."
,Not Recommended,306130,21719480,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Khoren,Laggy as hell.Unplayable.
,Not Recommended,306130,23861647,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SHORIDODODO,Gg got scammed on 20 euro #feelsgoodman
,Not Recommended,306130,17189400,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,DaneFTW_YT,Very bad ive been waiting six days got help fro support telling me to change my router so all in all dont get this
,Not Recommended,306130,29650866,Posted: 2 February,all,Neosage,"I can't believe I have to pay again for some actual true to Bethesda story content instead of some shady MMO styled story content but enough is enough Zenimax. Morrowind paid upgrade really? This is not what I expected when I paid to buy ESO in support of bethesda for one multiplayer Nirn but frankly Zenimax....you don't deserve NirnNow that I am an Oculus Rift member, and you losing in the court of law, plus your disgusting ethics behaviour for cheap profit, as well as countless squirming of various releases, none of which are original plus confounding and confusing to say the least with more money grubbing and again continued subscription overlay a lie of a free one time free full subscription but paid account subscription and your non direct disclosure and non linear transparencyI can safely say you are a clear cut liability not only for your direct customers but also any investors and patent licensing partners that would dare deal with you long term, I advise the people of the world to avoid childish companies like this....there is no long term vision, innovation and clarity, just a mess of clusterf*cks piled on every year trying to be covered with litany of lawsuit leeching and confident testosterone boiling of fake meetings and agreements with no sound evidence of true progressWith absence of creativity, you should avoid making video games really...your company sounds way more fitting for a mobile industries, people would probably dig a phone from Zenimax, i think...but video games...Just no, you're neither Zen or nor a max of anything, if you had zen you wouldn't pursue childish lawsuits and if you were a max of anything, its plain old money grubbing....and my ex was still probably better at it than you are"
76561198171118986,Not Recommended,306130,31069070,Posted: 10 April,all,Super_Kawaii,I was recommended this game on the basis that the pvp area was great fun...It wasn't great fun....
,Not Recommended,306130,26239126,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Machetian,bought this for $60 in july for imperial edition now $60 for the entire game - ♥♥♥♥ you bethesda
76561198026244535,Not Recommended,306130,26752891,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,mark1530b,"I spent the entire morning trying to get it installed and working, all I got was an error that sent me to a site, and you have to sign up, so I did, and it did.nt even recognise I bought the game, so you go to steam to get the code it's asking for, and all you get is how to use a code on steam, I cant recomend the game because it's unclear to me how anyone played it in the first place. should have played the free weekend, it would have saved me 10 bucksyea your right, it's not for 3 year olds, I'll take the refund..and I'm probably your grandfathers age so go grow up..your addressing an adult"
76561198046347255,Not Recommended,306130,26700245,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,mjy316,I recommend to stay away from eso til get RID OF the maassive loading screan when it starts and again after log in. both load screens have lagged me out on multiple times
,Not Recommended,306130,14958815,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hollow,Game price... its... just amazing..
,Not Recommended,306130,14827437,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Snowtrain,90 spent 20 ours to get it to work  and for what♥♥♥♥♥♥this is by fair the worst game i have ever tryed  to play  dont wast your time with this buy et  the game its that bad
,Not Recommended,306130,20534120,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,the hollywood hootsman,elder scrolls
,Not Recommended,306130,23807478,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Just Call me Captien | trade.tf,from what ive seen its a good game but for some reason it says client error fatal so i cant play. for now its going to be a thumbs down for me :) if anyone has any suggestions to fix it please let me know!
,Not Recommended,306130,23463367,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,NawwDoe,"First off I never got a chance to play this game. Now this game is 85+gb, so an average in home WiFi speed is about 20mbps, 20 * 30 = 600 * 30 = 18,000 mb/h. 85000mb / 18000 mb/ h = 4.72 hrs JUST ON THE DOWNLOAD. So then, therefore i played .28 * 60=16.8 minutes. Creating a character took 15 minutes so in total i played 1 minute and 15 seconds of actual gameplay; Which was an unforgettable experience of extreme lag."
,Not Recommended,306130,23796810,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,meangreanhare,"After half a day of downloading and another hour of updating, the game refuses to start.  The worst part is that repairing the game from the launcher counts as play-time, so I probably won't be able to get a refund from Steam."
,Not Recommended,306130,28010355,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TonyRCameron,"Zenimax will ban anyone who has opinions that are not politically correct, or otherwise contradict their own personal views. Zenimax is yet another example of GARBAGE LIBERALS discriminating against anyone other than themselves.*******for TL:DR - Was told political opinons are not against the Terms of Service, then later told that was banning reason. Zenimax garbage company ran by garbage liberals. Apparently it is okay to discriminate against people who are not leftists.Elder Scrolls Online: Suspension NoticeResponse Madison via Email11/28/2016 05:31 PMGreetings,Your appeal has been denied, and the account will remain suspended for the full 72 hours. This decision is final, and the matter is closed.Regards,Elder Scrolls SupportCustomer Tony Cameron via CSS Web11/28/2016 05:22 PMWell this is unacceptable. I want a number of someone on the help team to contact. Or I want the ticket passed off to a supervisor. I feel you are being discriminatory against me.Response Madison via Email11/28/2016 05:17 PMGreetings,Our Terms of Service team cannot be reached by phone. The account was issued a suspension due to the severity of the violation.Regards,Elder Scrolls SupportCustomer Tony Cameron via CSS Web11/28/2016 05:15 PMAll I am saying is that this ban is excessive as it was based on a joke. A warning would have gotten the point across just fine. Is there a number I can use to contact your department I am not seeing one listed.Response Madison via Email11/28/2016 05:12 PMGreetings,Please note that the following is included in our Terms of Service:You acknowledge that in such circumstances, ZeniMax is not required to provide You notice before taking action to restrict, suspend or terminate Your access to or use of Services, and/or Your Account. If ZeniMax terminates Your Account, You may not use any Service again without ZeniMax's express written permission. ZeniMax reserves the right to refuse to keep Accounts for, and provide Services to, any individual. You may not allow individuals whose Accounts have been terminated by ZeniMax to use Your Account.In addition, ZeniMax reserves the right to restrict, suspend or terminate these Terms of Service and Your Account immediately and without notice to You if (i) You breach these Terms of Service, (ii) infringe or violate any third party rights, including without limitation third party intellectual rights, (iii) if ZeniMax is unable to verify or authenticate any information You provide to ZeniMax, or (iv) upon Your use of Services, for any other activity whatsoever that is, in ZeniMax's sole discretion, unlawful, inappropriate and/or in violation of the spirit of these Terms of Service or a Service, including without limitation Your actions in a Game(s) or forums.Regards,Elder Scrolls SupportCustomer Tony Cameron via CSS Web11/28/2016 05:10 PMHold on, you stated my ban was for belittling ""liberals"" which is a protected group of people, which it is not. I'm going to call help desk and have a conversation with them. I don't think you know what youre doing.Customer Tony Cameron via CSS Web11/28/2016 05:07 PMWell, since this was without warning I guess I will have to leave a negative review on steam and copy and paste the contents of this ticket in that review. You have disrupted my gameplay. This excessive ban is nothing but unprofessional and childish as it was coming from a joking conversation. If this is how Zenimax treats and alienates their customers, I will spread the word on this.Response Madison via Email11/28/2016 05:01 PMGreetings,Action was not taken on your account due to your political affiliations. This account was suspended due to violating the following sections of our Code of Conduct:2.5 You may not harass, threaten, embarrass, or cause distress to another customer or guest using ZeniMax sites and Services. This includes but is not limited to verbal attacks, unwanted messaging, personal attacks, stalking or any other undesired behavior used to cause discomfort or disrupt another customer's experience. At all times users will refrain from attacking Age, Race, Disability, Sexual Orientation, National Origin, Pregnancy, Gender or any other protected category under Federal or Maryland State law.2.6 Users will not transmit or facilitate distribution of content that is harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, vulgar, sexually explicit, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, or in a reasonable person's view, objectionable. Hate speech is not tolerated at any time.2.7 You may not disrupt the flow of chat in chat rooms, message forums or games with vulgar language, abusive behavior, multiple key returns or posting large images in an attempt to disturb other users. Spamming, flooding [posting repetitive text], bumping and any other disruptive behavior will not be tolerated.By stating you were saying things in Zone chat to ""trigger liberals"" and belittling a protected category of people is by definition harassment.Additionally, all players receive the same response when submitting an in-game Terms of Service report. While we do not disclose any information regarding other players' accounts, including if action has been taken, this does not mean that we do not investigate.This account will remain suspended for the full 72 hours, and this decision is final.Regards,Elder Scrolls SupportCustomer Tony Cameron via CSS Web11/28/2016 04:48 PMI also the other day reported someone for insulting autistic people and this is the official response I got""The dwellers of Tamriel thank you for taking time from your adventures to report this offense. Maintaining the integrity of the land is a priority. We will investigate this matter and take appropriate action.To protect individual privacy, we do not disclose the outcome of our investigation.Please also be aware that you can add players whose behavior you find objectionable to the ignore list. To do this, open your contacts list (default: O) and click on the ""No Entry"" icon in the upper right corner. Now you have the option to add players. You can also do this by right-clicking on a player's name and choosing ""Ignore"". Once this is done, messages from the player in question will no longer be able to reach you.If you are playing on a console, please contact Sony / Microsoft directly for more information on how to ignore or report a player who you feel is in violation of Sony or Microsoft’s Terms of Service.Thank you for your continued interest and support!Warm Regards,The Elder Scrolls Online Team""I find it hard to believe that people couldn't have just blocked me or closed out of zone chat. Again, I was not using any profanity or harassing anyone.Customer Tony Cameron via CSS Web11/28/2016 04:45 PMI would like to know if this is just discrimination against me as being a Trump supporter. There were many people in the zone chat engaging in this conversation, and most of it was a simple joke. Not only that, most of what I said as the reason for the ban is out of context. I find it hard to believe that 20 other got banned for the debate that went on last night. I find it excessive that I was banned without warning for not directly harassing anyone or using any profanity. I would like a response to this, preferably from a supervisor, not Madison as she is clearly biased toward me. ThanksResponse Madison via Email11/28/2016 12:43 PMGreetings,This account has violated the Code of Conduct regarding Offensive Language:"
76561198008078112,Not Recommended,306130,13077576,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Örkowie nadchodzą!,DONT BUY THIS S-H-I-T. Worst WoWlike gameplay. Nothing new in game you will not see. There are many like MMO s-h-i-t for free.- Small locations- C-r-a-p story- Disbalance- Classes- Bugs- Useless and boring PvP- Bad graphicsetc0/10
76561197971718526,Not Recommended,306130,16243137,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,-++Kilur_Kahn++-,"AVOID AVOID AVOID - Dont even look twice just move on.  I purchased this game a little over 5 weeks ago and was able to download (took a couple days) the client.  I was able to login and create a character and play for about 15 min.  The next day I tried to login but had to download the client again  (this happened twice).  After the new downloads were dont I was no longer able to log into the game.  I have spent at least 10+ hours working with ESO and my ISP to get the ip addresses unblocked.  ESO blamed my ISP my ISP said it was being blocked outside their network.  ESO said it was my issue and stopped responding to my emails.  Steam said because I played (LOL) for over 42 hours, all download time to get the client 3 times that this is my issue.  The reality was it was my issue - I trusted Steam to look out for my intrests and offer games that were actually playable and if they were not to refund my money.  That isnt going to happen and now I have to challenge the charge with visa.  I cannot say how the game is because I, like many others, have not been able to play it.  I will say if you dont want to risk going down the same path I did - AVOID THIS GAME!!!  I read the positive reviews and it prompted me to purchse the game - I amd trying to help those who dont want to deal with all this garbage!  Just avoid this game )"
,Not Recommended,306130,29664515,Posted: 2 February,all,Chief,"Worst installation ever, downloaded all 60GBs+ only to get a Java Error that has been occuring since November with no support on thier official site or steam. TERRIBLE. DO NOT BUY."
76561198070589314,Not Recommended,306130,24219259,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,evildave7311,"Waste of $$....bought it, installed it, and now I can't play it since I can't create an account due to ESO's crappy website not working. STAY AWAY!!!"
76561198104856788,Not Recommended,306130,34224412,Posted: 13 August,all,edgy teenager,Why is this a thing
76561197987447200,Not Recommended,306130,35066044,Posted: 19 September,all,XTR6000,meh
76561198324736036,Not Recommended,306130,25179630,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,LittleMonkee,"Dont buy,it will crash every time...it says i played 2.8 hours but all i did was stare at the slow downloads...(each download took 2 hours and there was 5 downloads)...Biggest wast of money"
76561198007198139,Not Recommended,306130,26124242,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,jawwagner,"it says I played 14 min , but I never even got past the login screen   ,  waste of time , I put in for a refund"
76561198064779793,Not Recommended,306130,26673307,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Gurtian,I CANT ♥♥♥♥IN REDEEM MY KEY TO MAKE AN ACCOUNT
76561197997630716,Not Recommended,306130,28491550,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,FergusMcFukk,Meh....thisis not Skyrim :(
76561198292625471,Not Recommended,306130,26484823,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[awsm] • Secondleft,"Love the fact I can play in first person, however got boring REAL fast"
,Not Recommended,306130,26326391,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,FlunderDunder,IS♥♥♥♥♥.. really assey
76561198179933509,Not Recommended,306130,23335724,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,GAMEPLAY 2988 4,Doesnt even log in
76561198123985393,Not Recommended,306130,25272650,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,✯Viper✯,the game allways crashes and i cant even refund the ♥♥♥♥ing game just why steam
76561198193487659,Not Recommended,306130,29921072,Posted: 14 February,all,A Shoot of Henny,"THIS GAME IS UNPLAYABLE. IT SHOULD BE CALLED ""BUG LIFE"" WITH ALL THE BUGS IT HAS. I SPENT $60 ON THIS AND HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO PLAY IT. SAD RIGHT, YEAH LEST JUST SAY I WOIULD RATHER HAVE BOUGHT MY LITTLE PONY ADVENTURE BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORKS. HEY BETHESNA GO TO HELL AND I DESERVE MY MONEY BACK YOU CHEAP PIECE OF CRAP."
,Not Recommended,306130,28903702,Posted: 1 January,all,Syncopated15,"The game never loaded past the launcher. I followed many guides to get it working, nothing worked so I refunded it. I feel there is probably a good game here, but this gets a no from me as I couldn't play it.Spent even more time than it shows on steam launching outside of steam and downloading the game multiple times from the Zenimax page... was a fairly annoying process that I couldn't get to work."
,Recommended,306130,11355431,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,The Melty Man,"I have only played a small anount at the time of writing this, but I believe I have made some sound judgments on the game.It is an MMORPG. This may come as to shock to some that don't pay attention to the store page, website, and game description, but yes it is not like the other Elder Scrolls series in that regard. Yes you do have to Pay to Play (for now) so a valid payment method will be needed to get started even with the free 30 days you get on purchase. I have played other MMORPGs and I know how these games work so I was not surprised, but I see a lot of people are getting frustrated at this fact and making  many negative reviews because of it. Your opinion about subcripions aside, the way the game makes the money it needs to survive is not a negative or a positive just because you don't look before you leap.With that out of the way, ESO is in my opinion a very fun MMORPG. It has a few problems with immersion as compared with the single player Elder Scrolls games and I will admit that it isn't as rewarding to complete the minor quests due to the copy and paste cast of minor characters, but it is a MMO symptom of the level grind in early stages. There is a problem with how you play with friends as well which does hamper what is the most potentially fun about the game, of course I do believe these things will be fixed shortly as the game is early in its life. My biggest complaint is also something I expected is the missing expectation to be a one man (or lady) death incarnate, losing that epic feel of really being the chosen one does take away from an Elder Scrolls experience.As I said I think ESO is very fun and if some of the minor problems get patched and we get the content that we are being promised I do believe it will become my favorite MMORPG to date. As far as favorite in the franchise Morrowind still holds that title and I doubt that it will get dethroned any time soon (although Skyrim came close and I will always have a special place for Arena on my shelf). I am still very excited to see the parts of Tamriel that I have not seen since the earlier installments and explore lore and fiction that will most likely be added to a new single player installment of the Elder Scrolls series. IF you are an Elder Scrolls fan and an MMO fan this game is right for you now. IF you just want to play the game to keep up with the world of Tamriel I would recommend waiting until it goes free to play (as any MMO in todays market will and should).ESO gets a 6/10 at the moment from me. mainly because I do not always play with others and soloing can be difficult at times, but take that with a grain of salt as the game gets patched it will get better and as I get further up in level my opinion my change."
76561198139808894,Recommended,306130,11326789,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Look Who It Is,"i just got it and installed made the account activated it, and it wont allow me to log in can any one help me out >>????"
,Not Recommended,306130,24021304,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,JackofBlades,"Worst support EVER, they falsely banned me, when i asked why tehy said ""because you did this"" when i asked for evidence they suspended me from there website"
,Not Recommended,306130,35009882,Posted: 16 September,all,Korndog,bloody joke have to download game again and download speed is like 200kb/s WTF????
,Not Recommended,306130,35360384,Posted: 30 September,all,Incredibly Exotic Fuels,Absolutly boring
76561198101949255,Recommended,306130,11310548,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,JustGod,I strongly disagree with other reviews.It looks like a good game so far. It gave me 30 free days.I spent one hour customizing hip of my girl mage. She is just awesome )))
76561197967927471,Recommended,306130,11364606,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,fluffle_plurp_,"Pros:- No hand holding - grab your newbie weapon right out of the prison and get out there and earn it.- NO TAB TARGETING! THANK YOU!- Wide open maps, fun to explore, things to pick, mine, etc.- Interesting monsters and bad guys to sneak up on and slay, AI is half decent, good challenge for the most part.- Gritty looking and feeling, sort of like old school Darkfall (captured it very well). A tad violent with some blood spray.- Combat has options (block, stun/interrupt, etc.)- Sneaking up on other players with a lightning short bow is freaking awesome.- You can play Argonian - the actual reason I bought the game.Cons:- Isn't really Elder Scrolls, and I can tell without even having played any of the original titles, but honestly I think this is a different game almost entirely.- 'Floaty' movement/running/combat, some strange physics (can't jump over 6 inch walls, don't die after falling down a 20 foot precipice, etc.) character's run animation looks like they have sticks up their butts. Needs to be a tad more fluid with movements and animations.- Questing system is near useless: my personal opinion, get rid of it - focus on awesome battlefield/open pvp/gvg/wvw or whatever, and make it work *really* well. Award individuals, teams, and guilds. I can't stress enough how important great PvP is - questing belongs in care bear games - don't make this one of them. You're missing the boat.- Quirky sound and voice acting. The 'talking' quest giving characters are just plain awful and add nothing to the game. Ambient sounds are non-existent which takes away.- No weather effects, seems like you only get day and night.- Buggy.Overall, very fun game with *tons* of potential. Keep it gritty and PvP oriented. Do *not* kill the game making another MMO/WoW, etc. clone - PLEASE."
,Not Recommended,306130,34527294,Posted: 27 August,all,Harsh Winter,"Rich folk game only.Cannot achieve a lot without 'donations' or better say payments.Not a pay to win, yup. Yet you cannot win this game at all.All the customiztion and decorations cost money, real money. Save up to 200 USD if you want a good looking character.There are some random boxes, like CS GO cases. The reason I dont play CS GO btw.However. Even without all dlc's game has smth to offer. Not a lot. Yet, something. Good storyline, intriguing sometimes.Like/Dislike : too much craft. Even more grinding and looting. You can pay to skip this part. (Sound familiar)1 more time: I cannot imagine MMORPG without good featured customization options. In ESO u will have to pay a lot for this. Like A LOT."
,Not Recommended,306130,32309451,Posted: 9 June,all,Zenro,just know the ability to login or create an account is dead for this game. don't waste you money.
,Recommended,306130,11358875,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Landy,Story and gameplay is very fun and addicting and the community is nice people mostly.
76561198120596801,Not Recommended,306130,17601375,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,DomosaurusRex,I used to like skyrim this is a piece of SHI%DO NOT GET DO NOT GET DO NOT GET DO NOT GET
76561198118989002,Not Recommended,306130,24747781,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,TheBoz,"0/10I bought the game on sale hoping for a little entertainment because I was bored. It took 3 hours to download some crummy update and the when it was doen I tried creating an account and it said I had an account with that email already. So I went looking for the username of the account thinking I had previously made an account for the website and found my username. I plugged it in and it asked for my password. After trying and failing to use all my known password I decided to use the retrieve password. Rather than just sending a code to my email it wanted to ask me a security question. I didnt know the question (Which was ""What is your favorite video game"") so I continued searching. After about 4 hour of this I still havent even played the game and I can't refund it because I have 3 hours of it on record from the downloading update. All in all, I wouldnt play it again."
76561198168064868,Not Recommended,306130,22751371,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ghostykitten,"Didn't work at all for me. The loading screens easily took up to either 20 minutes to an 1 hour to load, and there was no way for me to fix it. I would not reccomend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,306130,23899489,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mixxep,Best download simulator ever of the entire humanity history 10/10missions are %100 professionally compatible with co-op working unthinkable perfect 10/10Best optimisation +60 fps no matter what which PC or which settings 10/10Best wasting money simulator 10/10Best wasting life simulator I have never seen anything like this 10/10
,Not Recommended,306130,23679755,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Kerfo,"6/19/16--------Bought normal edition for 60$6/20/16--------Normal edition is now worth 40$, Imperial edition is now worth 60$uw0tm8"
76561198178341107,Not Recommended,306130,24004439,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,aristoteles,-download for over 80gb-registering to elder scrolls sites and some ♥♥♥♥♥-launch game-crash-try to launch game-crash-asking for a refundDONT BUY
,Not Recommended,306130,25547918,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Iron Pichu,Skyrim 2 the online version is a bit buggy. My dragonman doesn't absorb souls anymore.
,Not Recommended,306130,25356752,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,I wanna fuckin die lmao,"♥♥♥♥ this game. When I first played it, it was amazing, decent graphics, fun gameplay and fantastic lore too bad its a buggy broken peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I had so many graphical gliches and errors then the game got boring so I uninstalled it because it close to 70Gb and today I uninatilled all my games (all 40 odd of them) to make space for it. It takes 10 hours to finish then... ERROR. It askes me to tell it what I was doing when it stoped working. I said I was launching the game and try it again... ERROR. I try restart my PC and... ERROR. All my specs are above average and my drivers are up to date so it's not my PC. If the game works for you, well done you are playing one of the best MMO's I've ever play (And I play alot of MMO's) if it does not work, well ♥♥♥♥ you, you wasted 10 hours of your life and 70Gbs on your hard disk but it's probably the latter. Working 4.5/5 not working -1000000/5 because it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off beyond all belife."
,Not Recommended,306130,26732553,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Burst Fire,was a cash grab on release and still a cash grab and a mediocre game todayhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ov3B26h12C4
,Not Recommended,306130,29754500,Posted: 6 February,all,SuperUltra,The game will not install. It is unplayable.
,Not Recommended,306130,29939674,Posted: 15 February,all,Additional Pylons,"I bought this game on sale after playing every other Elder Scrolls game. I was excited to hear that there was another TES game out there, AND i could play it with my friends, but was surprised to see that it was a 30 GB download. So after a night of downloading the game via steam, i launched the game to a loading screen, as you do, and waited... for 5 hours, to ANOTHER 30 GB download. So after another night of dowloading this♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was finally ready to properly launch the game... except it just wouldn't do it. No matter how hard i tried to get it to work, it wouldn't. So after un-installing the game, and going through the whole process again, the *game* finally launched. It looked like the average menu to a game, which was a relief. I press play, and it opens a screen that tells me to sign in with a Bethesda account, which i didnt have, so i made a new account to sign in. i entered the information it needed, but apparently my account didnt exist, despite me creating it moments before. I tried quitting the game, and re-entering, to see if that fixed anything, it didn't. I tried creating a new account again, nothing. I've completely given up on trying to get this game to work. Any and all hours i have in this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥is just a launcher doing a huge♥♥♥♥♥download. I wouldn't reccomend this game to anyone at all, purely because of the♥♥♥♥♥♥i went through to try and get it working. I'm sure it's a great game if you could actually play it, but for me, personally, it's been a huge waste of money and time"
,Not Recommended,306130,34665538,Posted: 1 September,all,Evilno,"Pros:-Simple and fun combat system-Massive exploration-Beautiful visuals-Plays like Skyrim, kindaCons:-Combat becomes repetitive (everythings the same)-Numbers dont ever change, so a spider will always take a few seconds to kill, even at higher levels-CHOICES DONT MATTER EVER (the few times your given them)-Sexism: over 80% of questgivers are female, over 80% of any non-shopkeeper npc interacted with is female (and 50% or more shopkeepers are female), in military areas most generals or officers are female while the cannon fodder is just about 70% male, most male npc's are inmasculine or just badly written, most male npc's are depicted as cowardly or a womanizer or just horrible and sexist (probably racist too), books in the world that talk about men often do so in a negitive light (aka, all men are pigs/sexists).-Lore:  Remember that deep lore of the Elder Scrolls that reflected real life country and culture development? Gone, other than the sexism which was brought into the game to please the SJW's and makes history look like a life written by men, the daedra are made to look like angry invaders (again) instead of complex clans serving god-like beings, vampires are nothing like the other games (lore wise at least, cool ability though) and the Gods of the Norn are just kina ignored, all the time.-ALL THE QUESTS ARE THE SAAAAAMMMMEEEEE"
76561198076022408,Recommended,306130,11370413,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Thomas,"where can i find my redeem code? I bought eso on steam but i cant hook it to my game account, says i need redeem code, but i cant find it anywhere"
,Recommended,306130,23356833,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Gunner,???
76561198117858317,Recommended,306130,15814494,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,MrJackintheBox,Lady hit me with her staff........I cut her face off. 10/10
,Not Recommended,306130,35116859,Posted: 21 September,all,williamathall,i cant even play the game becuase it takes over 100 gb of room to install im mad and i want a refund
,Not Recommended,306130,31888157,Posted: 21 May,all,im stupid,the play button on the launcher isn't working.....unacceptablei tried to google for answers...yet nothing helpful.spending 20 hours to download this piece of crap
76561197983697443,Recommended,306130,11360307,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,crazyrodd,"this is a top game,   and didnt get it until steam had a sale,  because lots off poeple r not happy about it so i hanged off getting it,   Bugga!!   they r sooks ..... u need to try it for your self and come join me and have some fun 5 stars"
76561198009097529,Not Recommended,306130,25921088,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,MaStUrBaTiNgWoOkIeE,"Looks great.Boring as ♥♥♥♥.Where is the game-part?Variety sucks too.  It's like Guild Wars 2, it looks great and seems good but the game play is horrible.  It's so boring... the boredom factor is the only reason it gets bad reviews probably."
,Not Recommended,306130,26061838,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,def my second profile,I cant get past sign in
,Not Recommended,306130,28337803,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ojoooojooo,were i should start ? i mean honestly i am a big elderscrolls FAN and this♥♥♥♥♥♥is a mess compered too itit looks so anyoing 4 some reasonthe npcs r so stupitliterly it feels like the makers just wanted to go home everyday @morning after 2 hours workand its not even tou the graphics its just so weardit got a lil better i guess but ♥♥♥♥♥ pls :c...i am very disapointedsorry abaut gramma i am a non englishspeakeri hope i saved yo money
,Not Recommended,306130,28250888,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DeadlineV,As The elder scrolls it's ok.As mmo it's free 2 pay garbage.
,Recommended,306130,11313984,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Zylonite,"I ignored all the negative feedbacks about this game and bought it the minute it became available on Steam. After playing around 10 hours and doing most of the quests, I feel this is an amazing single player game with some multiplayer aspects but it doesn't feel like a MMO. I am not sure why they had to go and make the game into an MMO instead of making it Skyrim 2 or something.That said, the questing, the voice acting, the music, the graphics, the game optimization are all excellent. I am glad I purchased it and so far enjoying the story a lot but I am starting to feel that after I beat the quests and the story, I will get bored. For example, there are no world events, and the grouping lacks a lot of things. But the reward is good and all the quests and NPCs make you feel rewarded. Coming from GW2, this is a big change for me.I recommend this game and if you have doubts then at least try it for the first month."
76561198216780056,Not Recommended,306130,14852982,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,9 inch tentacle,so i just paid $60 for a game and i spent a whole day letting it download and it finally finished about 5 minutes ago. i opened it up and an error popped up saying application unable to start. i guess $60 just went down the drain. i then opened up the launcher again and now i have to RE-DOWNLOAD the entire game. first game i bought from steam and probably the last.
,Not Recommended,306130,14603151,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,wAFF,"> Waited 14 hrs to download game> Waited 5 to download patch 1>Started patch 2>[Patch 2 gets to 2%]> 'WebGet Request Failed""10/10 Would rage again."
76561198203042161,Not Recommended,306130,23865101,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,sasquatch,GAME IS BORING MY GOD
76561198109186561,Not Recommended,306130,23863408,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,derson94,This is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I hate u bethesda!!! u'r a piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198068785359,Not Recommended,306130,13759247,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,reaper,DONT BUY THIS GAME YOU HAVE TO PLAY TO PLAY
,Not Recommended,306130,17186549,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,rdW,if i had to suck on a fairys♥♥♥♥♥♥i would prefer that over this
,Not Recommended,306130,16708288,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Scellow,"Worst game ever, this♥♥♥♥♥♥has nothing to do with a TES game, shame on bethesda for shipping this game from theyr ♥♥♥♥ing fat♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥es ill ask for a refundDon't waste your time and your money, this game is worst than a f2p game"
76561198068576588,Not Recommended,306130,16659514,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Gabby Hayes,If I could log in I could write a review
,Not Recommended,306130,28380973,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Peace Keeper,"This game is great because every commander is a female and there is always a 50 50 male to female ratio of fighters during battles. Every bad guy is a cis white male which is great because we all know white males in the elder scrolls are evil. Its really great to see diversity like this, every good guy has a darker skin tone and all white men are scared little wimps and need your help to save them from their bad decisions during quests. Awesome quests. Stunning, brave, and even funny women in this game. women are funny get over it."
76561198269502773,Not Recommended,306130,28248138,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Countless Cops,This game gives me so much cancer worst game I've ever played If you thought this was a follow up or was even as good as skyrim WELL ♥♥♥♥♥ U THOUGHT WRONG I could♥♥♥♥♥♥out a better game then this the beginning was alright middle sucked♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,306130,15349627,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Fery,♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME
76561198133587828,Not Recommended,306130,17836822,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Powered Toast,this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks i was hoping it would be like skyrim what a dissapointment
,Not Recommended,306130,16256700,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Sriracha Sauce,♥♥♥♥
76561198052311206,Recommended,306130,11314127,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Wrathchild,Great sale on a great game. Dont miss it. Arriving on the steam is another positive impression.
76561198039398748,Not Recommended,306130,17219687,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,lance34,meh
76561198053927856,Not Recommended,306130,26726541,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Afroman726,No mans sky is on par with this game
76561198297937819,Not Recommended,306130,28451544,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[ R.G. ] Volgan9250,Does not really feel like Skyrim really to much farming and just hard to get into right off
76561198007829164,Not Recommended,306130,29760907,Posted: 7 February,all,sharnerean321,"I would like to review this game, I would like to actually play this game. I have slow internet where I live and it took 2 days to download the game. Clicked play and it said it needed another day to download another 50gb. Not worth my time....."
,Not Recommended,306130,15148285,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Intangible,This game is an utter piece of trash. I cant even load past the first ♥♥♥♥ing screen. I dont know how anyone could call this a finished game or any where near it if they realesed it with a bug that prevents smeone for even playing the game at all. If only i could get my time and money refunded for this utter piece of crap.
76561198088533371,Not Recommended,306130,18180100,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,ripit,this game is horible. there is no xbox controller support for pc which means you msut fight multiple enemies on a key board. your fingers will hit wrong keys and you will die over and ober and over and over and over. this game is horible. and they will refuse to give you a refund so dont waste yourr time buying it.
,Not Recommended,306130,23778168,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Khaiezra,it took me 2 days to play this game ! because it was missing some files including the launcher filesso it took me 8 freaking hours to download it ! dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥game on steam but buy it from ESO site
,Recommended,306130,23373291,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,bald science guy,eh
76561198075325724,Not Recommended,306130,34538315,Posted: 27 August,all,MisterOldVegas,i wish i played this properly but I never got to :(
76561198031281076,Not Recommended,306130,25168969,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Californium,"Well I have played the first elder scroll, that was the best ever with beeing able to fly and design spells, with skill based system... with physics involved.This MMO is just a copy of star wars old republic  where the characters all have the same skills, no skills combination, customization, etc...I felt the same feeling as playing the first elder scroll for like 4 or 5 hours but then the running around for quest normal mmo's starts...I simply can't believe that in 2016 game developpers make game beautifull game don't get me wrong but they have no substance, no difficulty, no challenge,You should of simply made The First Elder Scroll (Massive Multiplayer) with a 1000 by 1000 miles map, with the skills system and a maximum number of points, and see what happened. No quests, no hints, no class, everything possible...Done."
,Not Recommended,306130,24768562,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Choquette,"This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥ No direction, and very bland quests when you finally find one. Cluster ♥♥♥♥ of a game I swear on me mum."
76561198068066428,Not Recommended,306130,29929945,Posted: 14 February,all,MasterBlaster,"This game is total garbage.  The only way to get the game to open is to go to your steam apps folder and make a new shortcut.  game wont launch from steam.  Once open, it goes strait to log on and then tells me my client is out of date!!!  How the ♥♥♥♥ are you supposed to update the clinet manually?  I have looked everywhere and I am done waisting my time on this bs.  After 3 years you would think they could get their game to work.  Thanks for waisting my time and money.  I will never by an other product from this company."
,Not Recommended,306130,35431105,Posted: 2 October,all,Shenti,"Man, where to even begin? This game is cancerous garbage coded by amateurs. How so? Well, first of all it won't even work--at least not anymore.It's like this: I bought this game like 1-2 years ago some time after it went F2P (and would not have touched this trash otherwise) and tried it out for anywhere between 20 minutes and 2 hours. Why such a wide gap? Because I don't really remember or care how long it took for me to realize this game had absolutely nothing going for it, so whatever. Regardless of actual time spent on this filth, I logged out and never touched it again and had no regrets. Well, fast forward to this year, about a few weeks ago to be exact, I get bored and want to find another timesink of a game and I remember that I still have ESO, which is F2P so I don't have to pay anything else for it to play it. Aight, screw it, I thought, let's try it out. Well, I go to boot it up and it has to update. Fair enough; I haven't played this piece of s*** in like a year or more, anyway, so I expected this. Long story short, once it's finished--which took forever, mind you--it doesn't work. It just doesn't work, bro/brodette--it gives me some kind of ""Error 11"" bulls***.Google is no help. All anyone can think to do is ""hurr durr just re-install it durr"" or ""use the repair option,"" which, get this--just tries to re-download and re-install the game, anyway. Wow, Zenimax, you sure know the difference between re-install and repair. Oh, that reminds me...Zenimax, oh I'll get to them in just a moment, rest assured. But anyway, back to the error. So, okay, maybe I'm not being completely fair to these amateur developers because you see, I was stupid enough to buy an Alienware PC back in 2013 and just 8 months into using it, it began to randomly blue screen for no reason, regardless of what I was doing but usually while playing a game. It took me years to figure out that it's probably the garbage♥♥♥♥♥Alienware motherboard itself, but I don't have the money or time to fix/replace it so I make do with what I got. Anyway, the point is that this worthless computer crashed a few times duriing the update process for ESO (part of why it took so long to finish, I guess) and it's my theory that I'm getting this asinine error code because some ones or zeroes were out of place due to the crashing--and also due to Zenimax's inability to program properly; literally any other downloader would be smart enough to be prepared for unforeseen circumstances like power outages or crashes--but nope, not Zenimax. Again, their time is coming in just a moment, rest assured. Anyway, that's that--I can't play the game and it's probably partially my computer's fault, I admit, but the blame still lies mostly on the incompetent developers and there is no arguing that.So, I relent and just decide to delete it and start over, making sure to time my downloading appropriately to avoid random blue screens. Y'see, if all I'm doing is downloading the game the chances of the PC crashing become almost 0, and when I want to do something else I will pause and close the download and do my business until I'm ready to download again. This was working for several days--I believe I got about 20 GB of the ridiculously-oversized 44-46 GB download finished using this method. WELP, I go to try again just a few hours ago and, LoL, you cannot make this up: it decides to try to re-download the entirety of the game all over again, despite be being almost halfway done. Now my comments about Zenimax's incompetence don't seem so farfetched, do they?Speaking of which, oh let's talk about the developers behind this awful and pathetic excuse for a video game: Zenimax Studios. Now, I'll admit that I didn't bother to look them up at all because I'm pretty gosh damned sure I can tell you almost everything about them just based on my own brief experiences with them.Number one, they're most likely a small Korean development studio with complete amateurs working behind the scenes. I doubt half of them even have a college degree or worked on any real games before.Number two, they had no idea what they were doing. Bethesda clearly didn't, either, but we'll get to them towards the end in a moment, so don't worry. What little time I did actually spend on this game was literally wasted, as I could have done just about anything else and would have felt far more accomplished. The graphics are terrible, the controls are mediocre and there's no sense of direction at all and everything is so cliche and bland. It's like a Korean WoW-clone, literally--the only difference is they didn't put a stupid amount of focus on unnecessary grind this time around. Woo, it's about time there was a Korean MMO that wasn't 99% grind and 1% nothing.Lastly, literally nobody has ever heard of these people before Bethesda stupidly outsourced an Elder Scrolls title to them. This is LITERALLY Zenimax's only ""claim to fame,"" though to be more accurate it will be remembered more as infamy after the dust settles because this game is absolute trash and the ONLY possible saving grace it has is its lack of a monthly fee.BUT OOOH, it wasn't ALWAYS like that. No, no no! Both Bethesda and Zenimax FOOLISHLY thought they could get by on the Elder Scrolls name alone and charge an absolutely ridiculous monthly fee of $15. Actually, it might have been more like $12 but who cares? Anything over $0 is too much; this game does not deserve it. Hence why they wised up and made it free to play a short time later. Also, notice I didn't even mention this game's rocky start, which was very akin to Final Fantasy 14's launch, but hey, I'm gonna take the high road and just focus on what the game is now: crap, just like it was at launch, LoL.Look, I could rant about these points all day but I'm going to wrap this up. Before I go, let's talk about Bethesda. Everyone's favorite video game developer and publisher, yes? Well, that USED to be the case. I mean, how could it not be with games like Morrowind, Oblivion AND Skyrim? It seems like they could do no wrong. Well, ""to err is human,"" as they say, and Bethesda IS made up of humans. They succumbed to ignorance, stupidity and greed and tried to hop on that good ol' MMORPG train that World of Warcraft was conducting, and in their blind lust for greed they decided to outsource the game to some no-name company in Zenimax that would proceed to completely tarnish the Elder Scrolls name for eternity by releasing an incomplete pile of rubbish with awful graphics, terrible-if-not-completely-lacking gameplay and, oh yeah, an absolutely ABYSMAL launcher/downloader that would make Rockstar's social club downloader cringe in disgust. Why didn't they just let Steam download the game for us? Oh, well, it doesn't matter because I probably wouldn't play this game, anyway.In short, don't buy or play this game. It doesn't deserve the attention of any human or living creature--hell, I would go as far to say that if the technology existed for AIs to play games independently, then they should also avoid this disgrace. I have never been so disappointed in a video game in my life, and that's saying a LOT.Thanks for listening."
,Not Recommended,306130,35360424,Posted: 30 September,all,ZIA THE ARGONIAN GOD,poopy
76561198051503006,Not Recommended,306130,19484670,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Prins499 (TOOPK),"Yeah... This really is a amazing game I mean.. First launch blackscreen great, love it, amazing comerad. Try to verify now I have to reinstall amazing many wows very doge. at this point I would rather install cod advanced warfare again because you know ATLEAST THAT GAME CAN ♥♥♥♥ING LAUNCH.*Cough cough* Great game *Cough cough*So yeazh after like 6 more hours of my ♥♥♥♥ing life the game still. doesn't. ♥♥♥♥ing. start.Don't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥moneymilker I mean ffs diablo 3 wasn't even as bad as this ATLEAST THAT GAME ♥♥♥♥ING STARTS.♥♥♥♥ this I'm going to play some hello kitty island adventure."
,Not Recommended,306130,18862169,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Vegastonyb,"Worst game yet. The game has more bugs then my grandmoters coffin after 10 years.  Terrible game play and the NPC all they do is Freeze and lock you up. Not really a battle when you cant do anything. But then, half the time your supossed abilitites don't work anyway.Avoid this POS for real."
76561198084493276,Not Recommended,306130,16883315,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,YouGetNothing!,It's the worst game I've ever played
,Not Recommended,306130,17851758,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Gods Older Brother,"honestly a waste of time i would rather put my head into a microwave, combat is just trash. maybe if they made it like skyrim there wouldnt be an issue but instead they just ♥♥♥♥ed this game up."
76561198071244528,Not Recommended,306130,29748061,Posted: 6 February,all,蓝胡子叔叔,The game is not as interessting as skyrim. I am not impressed ....
76561198021720066,Not Recommended,306130,31889307,Posted: 21 May,all,bushit,Battle-Leveling turned the game into garbageHere's the official ranking of the Elder Scroll series from best to worst:- Oblivion- Skyrim- Morrowind- Daggerfall- Arena- Redguard- Battlespire- The obscure mobile games no one plays- An unplayable copy of ESO- ESO
,Not Recommended,306130,17201511,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,shnig,It Is way too good
76561198115860897,Not Recommended,306130,26096526,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,TriangleRhombus,Easily the worst roll out of an MMORPG to-date.  I would not recommend this game to anyone at all.
76561198281330955,Not Recommended,306130,26707049,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DoctorDankMeme,Would really like it if I could actually PLAY this game. Can't get past the loading screen before character creation. A lot of people also have this problem. I can't believe it. Nothing else has ever done this.
76561198203399122,Not Recommended,306130,23025879,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Aurezilo,"I actually expected more of this game. I expected it to be as good as Skyrim, or even better since it was online.I tried it and it jusdt did not live up to my expecctations.In my opinion, this game is just a waste of money."
76561198121227199,Recommended,306130,11351811,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,njg32899,the membership isnt working for me
76561198211637937,Not Recommended,306130,23839600,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,VerchaRonnie,Didn´t have a chance to play yet because of never ending updates. After downloading the whole game another at least 100GBs for updates. Big thumb down for me.
76561198046673495,Recommended,306130,11361988,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,podcast69,Gets better by every patch
,Not Recommended,306130,15199645,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,"OLDSCHOOLHACK.COM FREE TF"" HACKS","As much as I love the The Elder Scrolls Skyrim, I found this game fun. Keep in mind that's its an MMO, which means it is not like Skyrim"
76561198069465366,Not Recommended,306130,16281108,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,end me,"DId you enjoy playing Oblivion? Or how about Skyrim? You did?! Well you certainly won't have any fun with this crap heap then! The skill system forces you into being a specific role instead of being free and open as the previous two Elder Scrolls games. Do you like being a thief in this game? Not anymore! With the wonderful new stealth detection and crime punishment system you can enjoy your time in prison as well as never making a single penny through burglary or pickpocketing! Not convinced to buy this yet? Well it gets better! Should you choose to only pay 60 dollars for the game, you'll get to enjoy the beautiful scenery as you spend hours trying to run from pointless quest objective to pointless quest objective! Crafting is worse than ever as well, making you spend excess time collecting materials from random locations in the wilderness and creating a weapon which will be made completely inneffective after exploring a single cave! Still not convinced? Well there are still more amazing features to the latest Elder Scrolls installment. They have now completely removed the feature of weight capacity, so feel free to overburden your character with all the useless gear you can! Oh wait? What's that? You have 80 dollars to spend? Fantastic! Now you can get a free horse and mudcrab companion! This makes travelling both fast and fun! Don't like playing one of the free races? You also get to play the Imperial race with the additional 20 dollar purchase of the game! This means you can play all the same races as you have in previous games from years ago for only 80 dollars! But wait! It gets even better! If you really enjoy spending tons of money, you can buy crowns, which is an in-game currency that allows you to buy different looking armor skins and horses! Meaning now you can enjoy running from one place to another with even greater pleasure!!!"
76561198135281980,Not Recommended,306130,17869246,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Sauropithicus,NO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
,Not Recommended,306130,26730872,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Agarast,"Downloaded, launched, and...  infinite loading screen.Verified game cache, it deleted the game.Thanks, i don't have to decide if I should buy it then."
,Not Recommended,306130,29834239,Posted: 10 February,all,NotoriousWyvern,this is the worset game it is a piece of trash do not waste your time on it!!
,Not Recommended,306130,29883753,Posted: 12 February,all,Fez4387,.
76561198049828411,Not Recommended,306130,29856046,Posted: 11 February,all,Camarade Maxime,You can't play with friend =/
,Not Recommended,306130,26648527,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Lossdota,"I played this game after WOW and I can say that this game has it's good sides and bad sides. All the houses and locations looks the same, dungeons and stuff. The fighting system is cool thou, your character allowed to move,cast and attack spells,but AI enemies are kinda dumb. It's hard to get gold and understand what you should do in the game, quests are all the same and it's just became boring."
76561198053417945,Not Recommended,306130,26718979,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,none,"BORING  GRINDING.   And when you level up, the grinding take new objects and much longer.I played it enough to realize their are few hidden easter eggs, treasures, etc.  Most books on the ground are not clickable, and there is no way to sit down.  It is like working retail...Hunt stuff, harvest, build stuff, sell stuff, about as interesting as accounting & economics.It's faster and more stable than Skyrim, but Skyrim is BEAUTIFUL...ESOL is ok, but obviously optimized for multiplayer.  The monsters are dumb as a bag of rocks, absolute failure in the combat AI.  The fighting fast but boring, you find yourself just waiting for the stupid things to drop.  The stories = boring.   BORDERLANDS  is crazy stupid, but funny and comedy all throughout the games...no perma-death, so you don't really have to put any value in survival... you can just come back from the dead.  Perma-Death  killing  characters would absolutely put more interest into the game.  Also, no hard core mode, no real need to eat food or drink or rest.The locations are colorful but dull. Same creatures everywhere, cats, spiders, bugs, snakes...I am very thankful for 'free play'  weekend, because this level of boredom is worth about $ 9 USD for the whole package.  Sorry,  I'm not going to spend $60 to buy crown packs and virtual hair and clothing on a character.DULL.    It is like a job you don't like, but you are paying them - and you get nothing.But I bought the Gold Edition on sale half price anyway,with hopes they use the money to make the next Elder Scrolls even better than Skyrim !I look forward to ARGONIA - Black Marsh Adventures !"
76561198027729809,Not Recommended,306130,26706145,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Asriel,"Spent 3 Days downloading this game, only to have it throw errors in my face and demand another 3 day download to fix the 'issue' that shouldn't of happened in the first place."
,Not Recommended,306130,16305488,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,omen101,skyrim is way better
,Not Recommended,306130,20242413,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,coolest player in the server,?????
76561198078232192,Not Recommended,306130,23969807,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Gomer,"could be awesome but a game that doesnt even look that good dropping down to 13-20fps on a r9390 is unacceptable, wont even hit 60 steady on low settings. dont waste your time unless you like stuttering"
,Not Recommended,306130,18849130,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Darthun,"Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I didn't like skyrim, this is awful. But i like the crafting system. I actually have more fun running around picking flowers and crafting stuff than playing the game."
76561198055603345,Not Recommended,306130,18849626,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,☠Dark Angel☠,If you are dumb enough to get this game then you did read this har har har har :)
,Not Recommended,306130,18846189,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Solar,i used to think TES was better than fallout then i played this game
76561198032085445,Not Recommended,306130,15207338,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,cosmickobal,"FIRST:I don't know why Steam says that I've only played .1 hours. I've probably put in around 50ish hours.I tried this game back during beta and wasn't impressed. Once it went Buy2Play, I decided to give it another chance and still wasn't impressed. I regret spending 60 dollars on this game when I could have bought any number of other games that would have likely held my attention better.The storyline doesn't feel compelling and around level 4 I started just clicking through the dialgue due to not feeling any connection to what was going on.The crafting... it's alright I suppose. kind of feels like FF-XIV meets WoW.The classes and races; yes there are only 4 classes, but I think that if there are only 4 to begin with, and you can mix and max weapon types anyway so that you can get a 2-handed mage or a stealthy barbarian, you shouldnt have to lock yourself into a class type to begin with. I cant really be very stealthy unless I choose shadowblade(or whatever the class was called). intead, the classes should just be like all the other skills and you should be able to mix and match them the same way you do armor and weapon skills.All in all, I'm not likely to play ESO any time soon. it doesnt draw my attention, I havent had reason or reasonable opportunity ONCE to communicate with ANYONE in the game and the social aspect is what is supposed to set an MMO apart from single player games.Maybe it would be different if you already have friends going in, but I'd rather play a highly modded Skyrim."
76561198081423449,Not Recommended,306130,15194474,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,joephllp07,"This game has potental but too many negatives out weigh the positive for me to recommend this game right now.First the positives.1. Great writing and voice acting!!!2. Dual weild is one mouse button for both weapons and right mouse for block (something that vanilla skyrim needed).Both of these I hope will get transfered over to ES: 6Now the biggest negatives IMHO.1. Weak treadbare character creator.2. Weak boring class systems (should have just copied skyrims classless system and the magic system of skyrim as well).3.  This is the biggest fault of the game to me and it kills Role-Playing and imersion into the game world for me, is the    lack of private quest areas, none. You go into a cave to kill the bandit leader or whatever and there are 50 people already there clearing the map and looting the chest and what not. This alone would make this a No from me."
,Not Recommended,306130,28018833,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jacobbob09,-Finishes Tutorial-No Money-Starts First Mission-Pickpockets Someone-Gets Bounty-Tells guards to screw off-Gets killed multiple times-Requests Refund
,Not Recommended,306130,30998020,Posted: 7 April,all,Exorch,Only one character deletion per 24 hours.
76561198052444501,Not Recommended,306130,34761316,Posted: 5 September,all,Dino,"Do not buy this game, don't waste your money. its boring and there is tons of better mmorgp for free. And this cr****** even paying for the game is p2w. Please do not give your money to greedy companies."
,Recommended,306130,11347584,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Vinthekid95,I can't play the game because it says webget rquest failed so I really can't say
76561198034359392,Not Recommended,306130,26089622,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,-=WilD=-,"You pay 50 euros for the base game, then another 20 euroes every month to get the ""full experience"", otherwise you only get ""demo experience"" for 50 euros... full experience = EXP boosting scrolls and other things which you can also buy in the ""in-game store"" for real money"
,Not Recommended,306130,30124441,Posted: 23 February,all,buy me pubg and i'll rape u,"Do NOT get this game. It is COMPLETELY broken. And doesn't launch on windows 10 PCs.I tried uninstalling it, it didn't work...I tried all of the ""fixes"" it didn't work. I tried restarting steam, it didn't work.I ran in compat mode for windows 8, didn't work.Please don't get this crap."
,Not Recommended,306130,34427601,Posted: 22 August,all,CY@,Meh i didnt like it and it was boring
,Not Recommended,306130,30661135,Posted: 21 March,all,EroMan,"Worst MMO ever, no progression, I was a lv 20 player which played with lv 600 in the same dungeon. WTF ?Please don't buy this trash game...."
76561198134879281,Not Recommended,306130,18856933,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,archmori,In all honesty if you have all the time in the world and have no job and love wasting time this game is for you. Why? You spend most of the time just downloading updates and having to constantly repair corrupt downloads. I spent over two days and counting just downloading and repairing the stupid game. If I could get my money back for this I would because no game is worth wasting over two days just for it to be downloaded and installed succesfully on a computer... oh wait it still has been successfully downloaded and installed because it became corrupted... again.
76561198013026789,Not Recommended,306130,15818336,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Pi Flavored,"I can't really say anything about this game beyond what I've heard about it. And for good reason. The game wouldn't let me in! When trying to play a game that does that to me can be annoying... when it's F2P. A game that I spend OVER $60 ON FIRST is that does that is unforgivable!I basically wasted my money here, and since the game itself hasn't been well recieved anyway, I'd say all of you out there are better off not wasting your money like I did."
76561198047518829,Not Recommended,306130,25165443,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,kandan,"the game does not run well on my computer, it says I have over 12 hours playing but most of that is waiting for the game to load. I have asked Steam for a refund but the blanket 2 hours seems stuck in their tiny little minds. I have not enjoyed this one bit and would not recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,306130,35258162,Posted: 28 September,all,JoFknLines,Cancerous cancer
76561197967271366,Not Recommended,306130,29793866,Posted: 8 February,all,robmontross,"Dear ESO,You Greedy Pigs! 137.93 US for a game that does not launch is just unacceptable.  Then you want to charge me even more money for another DLC (Morrowind) that you claim is not included with your supposed PREMIUM membership, when you cant get the launcher to work for your basic game for a large group of the steam population. I feel our relationship may be over. Granted your a good looker and you come from some pretty noble lineage but i think you may have been dropped on your head at birth because there are definately a few screws loose and it just doesnt make sense."
,Not Recommended,306130,17839619,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Mr. Wiggles,meh.
,Not Recommended,306130,14858159,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Saheebler Kaneebler,This game sucks.
,Not Recommended,306130,26730603,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Nunu,"5 times ive installed this♥♥♥♥♥♥ 5 times its told me that i need to update my launcher... everytime i try, it reinstalls the game... what a total waste of time. 60gb downloaded 5 ♥♥♥♥ing times. ♥♥♥♥ you. keep my money. use it to update ya launcher. ffs.Edit...Ive now had this game 3 days. Installed it multiple times... close to 10 i think, ive tried forcing the update, nothing, im stuck in an endless loop, start the launcher, click play, tells me my launcher is out dated, game closes back to launcher, click check for updates, nothing. click play, does the same crap, tried verifiying files, reinstalls the whole game, back to step one. Cracking me up. all of this counts as game time, cant even refund it. Absolute turd. Dont waste your money.For anyone wondering my pc specs...16 gb 24000mhz rami7 4790k cpuGTX 980Ti GPUIts not my PC."
76561197993151299,Not Recommended,306130,22797197,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Earthiness,It's no Elder scrolls game that's for sureonly thing that really feels like a ES game is the horrible stiff combat animationsit was also bad to make it classes like they did not very ESAlso most of the classics you like are not in this game ! like necromancey AT ALLsummon line is a jokeAnd the WORSE thing of all is the developers stance on cheaters hackers and exploitersyou can cheat all you want in this game and only face a 3 day ban and get to keep all your exploited/hacked itemsUNLESS you are a streamer or youtuber then you get the ban lifted in less than 24hrsThis is a fact and is going on right now with a huge out cry and this company is ignoring itthey don't care so why should you !
76561198093843067,Not Recommended,306130,28891245,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mrkueling,I hate this game. Super lame. Why did they have to fail us like this. All we wanted was coop skyrim with new lore
76561198050300819,Not Recommended,306130,19452067,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SliceAndDice,I do not like this came because I have not even played it yet because it doesnt even work on my computer even though it meets all the system requirements. I would not recommend this game for mac users.
76561198079323435,Not Recommended,306130,19811598,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Wookie,Dont waste your money on this mmo clone.
76561198016277251,Not Recommended,306130,16656790,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AlexMBrennan,"Game produces a Version Fail, requiring verification of all files, every time you launch it. Buy only if you enjoy watching a 30min progress bar every single time you want to play."
76561198127891246,Not Recommended,306130,23758195,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,jasontguess,"I am a HUGE fan of the Elder Scrolls series, and was so excited for this game! ....Then i played it. It wasn't a good MMO, and it definitly wasn't a good Elder Scrolls game. I am so disappointed!"
76561198186187931,Not Recommended,306130,16709207,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,NumberMaple,creates accountgets booted for profanitytrys to make a new account and succeedstrys to log in to new account and the damn thing says invalid login infogets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥offemails zenimax and bethesdagets flaged for spamhas terrible day goespunches a homeless midget in the faceswears all night at beathesda and zenimax
,Not Recommended,306130,26760041,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Max Damage [CZ],"One of the worst games I´ve played in a long time. Absolutely dull combat, unbelievably awful graphics and incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animations. Optimization? There is none, it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥(i7 4700k, 32gb RAM, GTX 970) And the worst of it - it is boring, so ♥♥♥♥ing boring it hurts like a sunday hangover after 2 days of partying and snorting baking soda while getting educated by a church nun.DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. PARODY. OF. A. GAME."
,Recommended,306130,11321816,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,ColdSteel323,"One of the best games i've played but if u want a good experience, have a good graphics card of face the lag."
,Not Recommended,306130,15066611,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Goggin,"This game is like having a mutilated child. You want to love it, but cant because it is so abnormal and unfinished. Not only that but you have it forever, and you dwell on what it could of been."
,Not Recommended,306130,28444277,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,NOAH,it sucks
76561198095914907,Not Recommended,306130,16880099,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,XXZN,"horrible, do not buy"
76561198165685899,Not Recommended,306130,22803384,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,olivermickey007,it was a good game but doesn't offer a password reset if you forget your password :-(
,Not Recommended,306130,22754042,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,bowendmoran,"this game requires so much money (real USD money) and time to play that it is almost not worth it. i mean seriously; Skyrim was so much fun, not only was the play (realtively) easy to advance through, it didnty cost you a dime to advance through. ESO requires so much time and additional money that its complete bulls#!t! youn really cant advance past auridon without a mount that cost $20 real USD as well as the upgraded crafting materials (about 10-30 USD) unless you have a dedicated group of online companions. I mean come on when did the online community become about making money and not the free expression of art/ideas/and genreal fun? probably when Bethesda sold out to zenimax, but hey i guess thats just the way the world is; all about making as much money as you can with putting in as little work and quality as you can."
76561198065821053,Not Recommended,306130,17202829,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,"Hi, I'm Chris Hansen.",♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME no one buy this game trust me and trust everyone else
,Not Recommended,306130,34362366,Posted: 19 August,all,-rep my profile and u get a cat,the game lacks polish and is pay2win... it couldnt have been executed much worse than this...
76561198030096654,Not Recommended,306130,29647119,Posted: 2 February,all,noma,"the elder scroll v the gamethe new game bethesder play in this one and his voice acting is badthe new game feature a new game and you can the new game and this new game cna be played as 2 classes the winston and the alphabertdescriotinocons:pros:the alphabert - paly as a powerful word master and hintster terry hintz u can play as a maniac the alphabert he have t wo ability one eat the child two say the letter he say lke thisa b c d e f g h j k u know the rest ;)any way this alphabert is a pwoerful foe but can be defeated quite easily if use the right abilitiesabulkiy number 1 : the shootoutyou cna fire up some crackaz hit da gym and u got em gunzzz boi u can smack em on they♥♥♥♥♥u know what i say heaaa nigggggga anyway u crack pop popo pop em up todaY i s  A G OOD DAY lal la  the cube song from dr icethis is getting a wee :0number 2 ; god raythe god ray is unlocked if u kill hte lose with the lost character he only die from 1 hti so extremly difuclt .the second playable charat cahrr charet characteris the gerlatthis keralt moves slowly acontorl the combat camera u can acutlaly use the ability to operate a the train going to the auschiwtz camps and deliver the rats to the cvamps (im talking jews here)the second charactercons:pros:consconsconsconsthjethe second charactis the witrcherlal al la la l la lal a alla witcher song insert herethis withcer is a powerful perk u can use it to rvevie folen enemies and friends alike. like my mam a used to say you cna neever have too much ammo also she said the ""enemy of my enemy is my fred""the lis apowerufl IIIIIII THE RPOG THE PAINFUL RPG GMAE ITS A BIT WEE LONG SEE TIS HAS BEEN NASHO NEW REVIWE"
,Not Recommended,306130,19450917,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,acZionKC,Just....No.
76561198140677529,Not Recommended,306130,14699663,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Pehpr,"this game is a waste of money it wouldnt even let me log in after id already payed 80 dollars for it i do not recomend this game to anyone it is a waste and very expensive 10,000 thumbs down bethesda you can do better than this"
76561198141358649,Not Recommended,306130,15783872,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Paragon of Hope,Terrible attempt at Skyrim online.Waste of money and worse they chatge 20$ a month.Just play Skyrim because the online aspect here is boring.The lore makes you want to skip everything and you just stop caring.
76561198008337873,Not Recommended,306130,15202409,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Praetorian,Can't even get the game to install right. Very little online support and the problems are pretty complicated. There's a chance you'll buy the game and not even be able to play it without doing about 10 hours of extra work just to get it to install and run correctly(which I have done and still can't seem to get the game to run).
76561198031706376,Not Recommended,306130,15623864,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,csstzero,awful just awful
,Not Recommended,306130,25623585,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Andigandi Lolicon Harem King,no anime girls1/10
,Not Recommended,306130,29885778,Posted: 12 February,all,Antikryst,"Absolute garbage, doesnt even download. Piece of trash company where you cant even get email, or phone support.  Dont waste your time, youll have a better time playing mine craft than this trash they call a video game."
,Not Recommended,306130,32394746,Posted: 13 June,all,whisperダブ,"THIS GAME IS A COPY OF SKYRIMI CANT BELIEVE THEY COPYED AVERYTHING FROM SKYREM THEY EVEN HAVE DRAGONSOMOG SKYRIM IS SUCH A GOOD GAME AND THIS ""ELDER SCROLLS"" RUINED IT!!!!!!I HAT THIS GAME IT IS SUCH A COPY OF SKYRIMBETHESBA SHOULD SUE TAMRIEL AND MAKE SKYRIM GREAT AGAIN thank you for reading"
76561198240055832,Not Recommended,306130,32244886,Posted: 7 June,all,q t π,trash
,Not Recommended,306130,34516177,Posted: 26 August,all,Nigga,2 times to install and 150Gb of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198298360981,Not Recommended,306130,25423740,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,hsmoon91,"The worst game I played in my life. Occasional disconneciton, lagging make it impossible to enjoy this game. played about 10 hours and I am uninstallling it... DO NOT waste time and money..."
76561198163310939,Not Recommended,306130,25445656,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,{ESEA Veteran} red nigga,garbage
,Not Recommended,306130,33610250,Posted: 17 July,all,@Brians.Isbil69,This game sucks!
76561198091471359,Not Recommended,306130,14860547,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Mutinous Slave,Innovative?  Not really.  Exciting?  Sometimes.  Fun?  For a little bit.  Imagine warcraft that isn't fun enough to play for longer than the length of skyrim.  It is 100% NOT WORTH PAYING A SUBSCRIPTION TO.  Buy GW2 instead and if you have played that then just accept that video games are dead.  They are marketing campaigns.  Want video games to become amazing and worth your time again?  DON'T PREORDER.  Stop giving these corporate pigs your money.  If they will pimp out the license to the elder scrolls they will do it to any game.  I know you are in denial.  But video games are D-E-A-D.
76561198254932711,Not Recommended,306130,34644215,Posted: 31 August,all,Chuck Roy On A Horse,i was creating my cat dude and then it logged me off and i had to restart. i uninstalled instantly.
,Not Recommended,306130,23938597,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Baka Gaijin Weeaboo,I can't even get it to finish downloading.
,Not Recommended,306130,24699189,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dollmotion,"Ok yeah, real talk you all had valid points so here's my third and final re-revised review: ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,306130,31104727,Posted: 12 April,all,Shamlock,"This game does not work for me. I'm refunding it, and hope that you remember to refund garbage like this.PC MASTER RACE"
,Not Recommended,306130,30498155,Posted: 13 March,all,The Growlanser,The Good - Got it on saleThe Bad - I still wasted my moneyThe Ugly - IS BORINGWhat a waste of time and money. If you are expecting a TES experience but online then don't buy this game. This is a TES game but only in name.
76561198116288622,Not Recommended,306130,26714592,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The Ottoman Empire,"This is absolute, top-of-the-line, blunt as an atom bomb, more sharp than a piece of glass, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.So, the story begins last Thursday. I heard from a friend that this game was free and thought, hey, lets have some badass MMORPG action with a couple other friends. So I start the long and ardous download process. My broadband is quite terrible at downloads (2.5 Mbps average) so I waited, my horned helmet at the ready. Here we go, the download finally finished this Sunday morning. ♥♥♥♥ing pure excitement. I wake up in the morning like a kid on Christmas and run to my computer and start up this game. Errors. Errors upon mother♥♥♥♥ing errors. First it was an error around the lines of Hostname_something or other. Easy fix, I just installed the launcher directly through my steam files, no problem. Now, I thought that this would be it right? No. How ♥♥♥♥ing dare I think that it would go anywhere near right. So I started the launcher and I needed to download a patch. Pretty basic stuff right?♥♥♥♥. To. The. NoAfter waiting over a half hour for the download to complete, it gave me an error; error 209. So then I spent the 2.1 hours that I have spent ""playing"" the game getting angry and restarting downloads, trying in obvious vain to get the stupid piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥to work right. Eventually, after literally trying everything on the internet, nothing worked. So I resorted to a classic one and done solution that always helps fix problems like these; verifying my files.So that's exactly what I did. I navigated and clicked on the verify game files button. That's when the absolute unthinkable thing happened.It sat on 0% and immediately jumped to 100%. It said that 508 files needed to be replaced. I thought, ""haha!"" ""I have rained superior over this game!"" ""Finally, after over two hours of extreme aggrivation, I can finally spend the rest of my sunday playing TES Online with my friends!""However, as I navigated to the download screen, somethng horrifying crossed my eyes.Apparently, those 508 files..WERE THE WHOLE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!!So now, as I sit extremely depressed at the fact I won't be able to play the damn thing for at least another 3 days, I realize; what's the chance that this will actually work? How likely is it that I will start this up Wednesday afternoon, only to be greeted by the same issues that plauged me today? How likely is it that I will have to install the whole thing over again? Goddamn, this sucks some major♥♥♥♥♥TLDR: Game does not work, now I have been forced to spend 3 more days reinstalling it even though it will probably not work anyway.(My apologies for the excess swearing and anger in this review, It just espicially angers me that I spent 10 dollars on this game and I can't get a refund because I have ""Played"" it for more than 2 hours. I'm going back to bed)"
76561198073141249,Not Recommended,306130,15694367,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,memelord420,key doesnt work ♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198141745617,Not Recommended,306130,22754651,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,dwankan,"This game is badly designed from the get-go.  I waited hours for it to install, then I fought for two days to get logged into the network, and then I had to tweak sound, video, memory allocation, and every setting in my operating system before the game would play.  Once it got going, it wasn't bad, but I have to log in again about every ten minutes, and my internet connection works consistently on all other software.  If this was significantly different or new compared to Skyrim, I might struggle through the constant network connection issues to keep playing it, but I'm losing patience quickly because it looks pretty much the same as Skyrim, and the story is pretty unimpressive.  I think Bethesda really wanted to make the next WOW but they didn't know how to translate their single-player games into the MMO format, and instead of adding anything new enough to make it worth the trouble, they made inadequate changes to fit the MMO mold."
76561198242073426,Not Recommended,306130,24751791,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Derfy,does not work
,Not Recommended,306130,34645917,Posted: 31 August,all,Nomad,Anyone who still supports Bethesda by purchasing this should just undergo forced euthanasia.
76561198053675194,Recommended,306130,11316776,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,..,"I like and dislike this game. Here are my reasons!This game brings the first known Medival first person mmorpg we know off to date. If you count the skyrim PC mod which allows signed in multiplayer. Then this is the second one we know of.Personally I enjoy this and its gameplay, if you see I have nearly no time logged. I did quit quite early since I refused to pay the subscription which I will get into later, but mostly because joining this game on most settings is extreamly intesive on computers. Especially mine which is a full custom build gaming rig that Is meant to be strong enough to run Kingdom in the Heaven benchmarks at a average of 60 FPS while recording. This is partically do to the game load since the servers have to run the chat, everyone else whos logged onto the server (Including AFK's), Everything everyone is doing, and more! As far as I've seen crafting is a ♥♥♥♥♥ with resource gather. For anyone who played Skyrims expansion Hearthfire. Imagine collecting all materials by yourself 100% legit to build that house completly 3 times over and multiply it by 1000x - That is how long it takes to get the materials to craft a decent sword. If you're looking for a amazing story Id switch to bein a casual WoW player instead. This isnt to belittle the TES story line. But in honesty this game could have been worked around better. Since i've played last i know lots of bug patchs have arrived. The game is much smoother, etc. My final complaint is the high level smurfs. Although this isn't CS:GO. if you get a rogue, PvE until you're a high level. Pretty much you enable PVP and you go and shove a stick up every noobs♥♥♥♥♥and can call yourself good.If you read this much ill spare you the rest and make it a simple pros and cons list for things I havent listed -Cons:You have to gather resources day and ♥♥♥♥ing night to be a decent blacksmith unless you're rich.You have to pay a subscription fee.Its very intensive on not only your computer, but shocker! your internet connection to!smurfs camp you day and night so forget going into that dungeon manually so you can get a cool piece of gear.Pros:Good game playDecent community (From what i've seen)Servers are stable (Regardless of high population)Moderate to good storyFirst of its kindFunded by an company that is sure to continue this game through the next gaming generation (Hopefully)"
,Not Recommended,306130,14831608,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,XxTheKillahNordGio818xX,i thought it came with a free 30 day membership but no. i have to pay
76561198089549694,Not Recommended,306130,22845674,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Rafterman,"Apparently I have played this game for almost 8 hours now, after a 40gb download I tried playing. Which let to another HUGE download for patches or something(I think it was about 20gbs). So I waited, then it wanted me to make an account, thats when I gave up. 3 Months later I returned to make an account only to find 3-something gbs worth of patches again... I can't I just can't wait any longer to try and play a game I hear is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Maybe someday I'll return again... but today is not that day!"
,Not Recommended,306130,15086501,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Señor Knieves,"BORING!I'm still waiting for the *fun* to start but all the game gives me is boring fetch quests, ALL OVER THE PLACE. Every time I try to give it another chance I just fall asleep because of how numbingly boring this game is."
76561198089554930,Recommended,306130,15211752,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Jamez,like this if you think guild wars 2 was a better mmorpg
76561198055451485,Not Recommended,306130,26736211,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,lauflinjr,can anyone tell me how to get the key because i just got the game and it crashes every time i hit the login button. every where i  look it says i need a key but the key has yet to apear in my libary
76561198091934984,Not Recommended,306130,26717377,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,*****,"Don't buy, I run a super machine and its laggy and slow, game mechanics suck, not interesting at all.waste of money.super machine(s):mine: precision 17 i7, 64gb ram, m.2 ssd's, 4k screenwifes: alienware 17  i7, 16gb ram, m.2 ssd's, 4k screen, killer nic.high speed city fiber internet connection."
76561198136200191,Not Recommended,306130,31209609,Posted: 17 April,all,Aris_,Only downvoting ESO because I want them to stop working on it and make the next Elder Scrolls
76561198244965052,Not Recommended,306130,23348741,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Wottlebuffaloe,"i played for 18 minutes(apparently) and i can safely say, every negative review about this game is correct and jesus chrysler is it boring! its like a mix between KOA and Risen!"
,Not Recommended,306130,29736065,Posted: 5 February,all,Flakey🎈,"Can Bethesda developers/publishers please hang themselves on live stream please? Greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s have no right to live and at least their death would bring laughter to some people. DLC costs more than base games, at least make the ♥♥♥♥ing base game free if you're going to overprice the dlcs and overestimate your self worth. Seen it with Fallout 4 and Doom and this is the mother of all crimes. You cannot purchase Gold version if you already have the base game and they keep making dlcs that should have been included in the base game in the first place at no extra cost.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, I brought ESO twice because of your greedy nature. Am I supposed to buy a separate game/dlc everytime your team comes up with ridiculous sales strategies? Yeah, I stopped after getting the base game and again purchasing full base game because they did not allow an imperial edition upgrade and then gold edition came and now it's Morrowind and we still have no upgrade options through steam.Just this favour and ♥♥♥♥ing kill yourselves. You're ugly and rotten inside and out. Payday 2 and Origin seem like a babies in cash grabbing in comparison to this. At least Payday 2 has roughly 14 times more players than this and is actually bundled often."
76561198168696285,Not Recommended,306130,34470071,Posted: 24 August,all,KodiKodi,This complete bullS*it i cant even run the game it took 6 hours for this to download just for it to not want to Fu*king launch!!? DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY
76561198082513709,Not Recommended,306130,15167361,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,npeazy50,"Terible, terible version of WoW. The quest at the start of the game just take you to random areas all over so just feels like you're in a different ""level."" Has a built in quest helper just like Skyrim and Oblivion which is really helpful but really just makes it to where you have no idea whats going on you're just following the pointer. If you die sometimes the quest will bug and upon running back to where you were the npc that you were going through the quest with will be gone and you will have no idea where to find them. Vendors are terible... Everyone wearing armor looks the same and towns just kind of blend in with the environment a lot of the time so attacking a guard on accident is really easy. Just boring really. Really bad version of WoW imo and i stopped playing that like 5 years ago and thats all i can think is this is terible. Can't think of a thing they did well besides in built quest helper. Oh one last thing looks nothing, NOTHING, like videos graphics are way worse. Sorry to go on a little bit of a rant there but seriously feel stupid for buying."
,Not Recommended,306130,16746897,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Agarthan,"With ESO I was expecting Bethesda quality game.  What I got was a fremium mmo  game app quality abortion from Zenimax Studios with ES skins on it, thanks Bethesda!About to try get my money back right now.Edit: I guess Steamy pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥will only give you a refund if you've only played >2 hours.  Don't make the same mistake I did.Second edit:  The♥♥♥♥♥devesation of downvotes over the truth is entertaining, keep them coming.  I've only seen more review padding and Stockholm syndrome from Elite: Dangerous, H1Z1 and DayZ Standalone."
76561198031993744,Not Recommended,306130,24719264,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,NonS3Xual,all of my hours are from installing the game
76561197971353375,Not Recommended,306130,35260887,Posted: 28 September,all,BIG BOSS DIK,WoW is better.
,Not Recommended,306130,29823506,Posted: 10 February,all,DarkEvil,bad game just buy skyrim its far better
,Not Recommended,306130,34527986,Posted: 27 August,all,Lmino,"Go afk for just a short moment right before you finish creating your character at the main menu and they delete all your progress due to ""inactivity"".Spending 4 minutes away from my keyboard, after 46 minutes of deciding how I want my character to be, is not being inactive.Now I need to start from the beginning, thanks.Edit: Recreating my character didn't take long since I knew the gist of how I wanted everything; but after all that hassel, my girlfriend and I didn't even start in the same area. After a total of 2.5 hours of gameplay I finally got free to the open world, to find that my girlfriend and I are in entirely different worlds and cannot play together. Complete waste of money. I don't want to grind to get to her (or have her grind to get to me). We got this to play together and we can't even do that."
,Not Recommended,306130,31761953,Posted: 14 May,all,Count Squilliam Spookyson,!!ITS A SCAM DONTE BUY IT!!!!!!!it says its skyrim! but its not its a wow copi!!!!DONT GET IT ITS  A SCAM
,Not Recommended,306130,25286096,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,✪ Light_Yeti ✪,"Over priced and boring as hell; one of the worst games to buy, don't waste it on this game. Go and buy Skyrim instead it's worth way more than this."
,Not Recommended,306130,29381982,Posted: 20 January,all,CO-OP SNIPE,"♥♥♥♥ing terrible, all i really care to say 0/10"
,Not Recommended,306130,23117641,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,[HMMF] CannonFodder,complete waste of 60 dollars
,Not Recommended,306130,15025124,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,TheGreatOne,i dont know why but i cant get into the game even if i made a new account plzz help
76561198010613941,Not Recommended,306130,15531483,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Sekt,ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped working ESO has stopped workingYou will recieve this message many times.
,Not Recommended,306130,22983927,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),This game is alright to play and also gets broeding fast.
76561198012571470,Not Recommended,306130,26736616,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Jawskat,Garbage game.
76561198004895838,Not Recommended,306130,14714032,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Wargasm,Spent litterally hours downloading and installing and i hate having to make accounts on the side of steam to play a game. I never got to play it.
76561198037254318,Not Recommended,306130,14892916,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,CasualGamer,Just signed up and had to update immediately.  The update is taking hours to complete.  Very unhappy.
76561198104802343,Not Recommended,306130,23953310,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,mcsharples1,Sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥ Boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ No controller support. Bad servers. Waste of money. Too confusing and complicated with little instruction. Unclear what u are supposed to do
76561198007185926,Not Recommended,306130,19867306,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,robertpels1503,Worst Elder Scrolls game ever! Bethesda shame on you!
,Not Recommended,306130,23399575,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Val,"The artstyle looks amazing, but it is missing the ""wow"" factor for me. Therefore I cannot recommend the game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,306130,34531274,Posted: 27 August,all,perdelis,"bought it,downloading took 2 days,launcher download required 90 gbs of free space,deleted some games,proceeded to install the launcher,crashed,tried again,crashed,tried to fix it,crashed,couldnt refund it, because of too many refunds in the past month.√√√√√√√√√BEST GAYMING EXPERIENCE"
76561198038079262,Not Recommended,306130,22755076,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,TehWaffleTime™,This Game Is Garbatch ment to spell that incorect its soo badits like skyrim but with out the fun parts i got bored after playing this for 3 hours
76561198086507052,Not Recommended,306130,15119894,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,~Müller~,I am angry that this is an mmo. I dont kike them. That is all.
76561198137124643,Not Recommended,306130,16749531,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sarnod,Worst Elder scrolls yet.
,Not Recommended,306130,26701901,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,timpak121589,This sucks... Not an Elder Scrolls title what so ever!!!! It is however a decent MMO if youre looking for that. Skyrim fans stay away!!!!
,Not Recommended,306130,14198259,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,oobecon,need I say more?
76561197984600969,Not Recommended,306130,23760928,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nemesis,Its an awful game buggy and no clear questlines I hate it not worth the money
76561198166923869,Not Recommended,306130,34526623,Posted: 27 August,all,Danksta,I wanna like this game but it just takes too much space from my computer and i wanna play other games too aaaand beacuse it took at least 2 hours for launcher or whatever to downlod it i can't get a refund beacuse of that and i just want my money back
,Not Recommended,306130,24047021,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Guts,gerbage
,Not Recommended,306130,26641912,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Whitefangz,too baddddddd
,Recommended,306130,11313012,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,csgobig.com kickback.com,cool like Drdirtea
,Not Recommended,306130,25164664,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ,no
76561198179251918,Not Recommended,306130,26101025,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,cryowolf,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!I'm sure it was a great game back in the day, but now they have introduced this ""Scaling"" system and the game is total garbage...I just started playing 2 days ago, and what do i find?...i have 15k+ hp stam and mana, as well as my armour and weps having hte same stats as lvl 50 gear???I can also go anywhere in the game straight away?? and all the mobs anywhere i go are my lvl so i can kill them????WHO THE HELL THOUGHT THIS WAS A GOOD IDEA?????So now im 10 hours in and bored to tears but I can't get a refund from steam because i've played more than 2 hours...TOTAL WASTE DON'T BUY IT UNLESS YOU WANT A GAME WHERE EVERYTHING IS HANDED TO YOU ON A PLATE AND YOU WONT HAVE TO WORK FOR ANYTHING UNTIL LVL 50."
,Not Recommended,306130,19465479,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Savage,just way 2 complicated not worth it plus no gamepad compatibility also it crashes on my pc black screen repair ui just not working
,Not Recommended,306130,26642838,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Th3Mik3,"yeahh...bought the game bacuse it was on sale for 10 dollars and read good things about community and such. 5 min after getting into open world i run past a guard and he doesnt say holy crap he didn mention taking an arrow to the knee. immidiatly someone says they're reporting me for using the C word. i say what?? reported? he says hes reporting me for harrassment. first off the game is rated M. so if you cant take seeing the word crap in your game im just gonna return it, cancel my subscription, and not recommend this game to anyone. 5 minutes in and someons being an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. i stopped playing dcuo because the people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on there, stopped playing WoW because people are too serious on there. about to stop playing this stupid game because the people on it are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥too."
76561198079706065,Not Recommended,306130,34456989,Posted: 24 August,all,wet drem (; 把我从我的密苏里,"says nothing about being pay to play, download a 62gb game plus the 10+gb of updates. to find out I need a subscription to play a game that went f2p and now is pay2play? makes sense0/10dont waste your time downloading this♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you wanna pay 20 dollars a month for an average mm experince, on top of whatever you payed for the game."
,Not Recommended,306130,17198308,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,O.T.I.B.,"As a person that has played hundreds of hours of every Elder Scrolls game (some on multiple systems) I must say this game was about as enjoyable as being stoned to death. The rediculous size of the game file took so many hours to download I was left near tears with boredom. I use my computer to run my television so as you can imagine having the things bandwidth jammed for more than a whole day is unnacceptable. Now to be perfectly clear I only played the game before a line of updates that supposedly made the game much more enjoyable. With that said I tried to enjoy the update but was informed my files were corrupted and that I would have to redownload the entire 50 gb files. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves with paper towel holder wrapped in barb wire, it'll be more enjoyable than this game. Just to mention to all, my time in game was mostly spent watching a download screen. I don't have 30 hours in game. I never even got to level 5. That is really ♥♥♥♥ing shady too because I decided almost immedietly I hate this ♥♥♥♥ing game and I am forced to own it forever because the download method has Steam counting your 50GB download time as ""IN GAME"" ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. I got robbed. Like usual on steam.♥♥♥♥♥♥overhyped game that sucks balls. No refund available because ♥♥♥♥ you thats why."
76561198332851603,Not Recommended,306130,31883980,Posted: 21 May,all,PICKLE RICK,ARE YOU A FAN OF THE ELDER SCROLLS GAMES? ARE YOU A FAN OF SKYRIM? COZ YOUR IN BAD LUCK COZ THIS GAME IS A PEACE OF CRAP!
,Not Recommended,306130,23811282,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MojoNexus,No
76561197978138347,Not Recommended,306130,14939332,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Wykked,PLayed when the title first released and even ponied up for the Imperial edition. Like most of the MMORPGS I played recently I found it was boring and I had other games to play so I cancelled my subscription. Six months later I reviewed my CC billing and saw some a monthly charge from a russian company. I asked the CC company to look into the charges and they could not determine where they originated from so  I called fraud. Turns out it was this game company still billing me for game time. Now they refuse to work with me to un ban my account. Greedy corporate scammers. Maybe when the game becomes F2P I will have a look again.I advise you not to give them your CC information.**EDIT**After a long drawn out email battle I was able to finally convince Zenimax that this was a misunderstanding and they agreed to reinstate my account.As for a game review I find this an entertaining single player experience that you can share with other players.
76561198079965938,Not Recommended,306130,15179747,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,The guy in your closet,"If you wanted it to be like the last 5 games, it's not, rare chance of taking armor, gold is slow to get and you need a lot to be able to get anything, I do own the Imperial Edition, big waste since I wanted to be an Orc, the graphics are not as good as the advertised them to be. Atleast for me they are not, looks like the old Oblivion graphics, maybe even Morrowind depending on how you look at it. Don't let the subscription removal fool you, it really is gone, but it could just be added back in a few hours, maybe even minutes. ""Siege"" is not as good as they show it, it is like Call of Duty where people run around like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and attack whatever they want or just run away. There are many FREE MMO's out there if you just want the MMO gaming, many better ones too. I was tricked into getting it. The game is like a Mc'Donalds advertisment, it looks so good on TV, really crap when you get it. Then to make it even worse, it is a slow begining, they got way into the whole ""multiplayer"" thing and really forgot about making the game good. I can't even play it anymore because the game broke and I have to redownload it, if that will even work. Other people spam in the chat, there is a ""spam blocker"" how useful that is when you get 15+ people to do it."
76561198053900749,Not Recommended,306130,25297990,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Rusty Shackleford,I want a refund
,Not Recommended,306130,26623591,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Gearowns,Was a fun game until i got suspended from playing after my account was hacked and was left in game then i come back with 400 items of bars that i used to blacksmith because i wanted to level up my blacksmithing but the moderators of the game suspended me for something i didnt do. They need to have a way of seeing the IP the account was used on that caused it to become suspicious and the IP the account was first used on before they ban somebody on it. I wasnt hacking and i didnt deserve to get suspended
,Not Recommended,306130,26667749,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,My Pa's Axe,"Sorry to say, but I expected this game to be a lot like Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. I mainly play as an archer in Skyrim, which is close to impossible in this. The arrow drop is far too exagerated and even if you get good at finding the arrow's arc, you still have to be reasonably close to the enemy for the arrow to ""count."" I would NOT recommend this game if you prefer to be an archer."
,Not Recommended,306130,23327240,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,denasp,Unkillable Guards
76561198004310606,Not Recommended,306130,34546016,Posted: 27 August,all,Cataclysm,"NO REFUND.  If you buy the game and leave the launcher open for 2 hours, you will NOT get a refund.  Even if you haven't logged in yet.  And the launcher WILL take 2+ hours to download and install.  The game is complete crap, the combat is janky garbage, and it smells like farts.  Instead of buying this trash, watch this nice video I made.https://youtu.be/30DPg1CCvPM"
,Not Recommended,306130,24024181,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kravenkd,pretty♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,306130,23326183,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,arc911,53gig download......install and  launcher wants to ♥♥♥♥ing spend another night downloading other  updates havent  played  1 minute of this♥♥♥♥♥♥tier  game and wanna cut some ♥♥♥♥ers
76561198141060825,Not Recommended,306130,31124284,Posted: 13 April,all,Sir LagsALot,This Game Sux
,Not Recommended,306130,23128808,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,hatty,i hate video games
76561197970668932,Not Recommended,306130,23929762,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,LooseCipher,Pure garbage.
,Not Recommended,306130,26664531,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,LocustLab,"This game is worthless. Too many companies take something, throw MMO elements into it, charge 60 bucks, and then determine they also need a 15 a month sub fee. funny, xbox doesnt pay that fee for the user....so do xbox users have to pay for online and the fee?"
76561198052893429,Not Recommended,306130,15084129,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,leonelr25,"Can't get the game launcher to open. Text support is extremely slow in coming. Very frustrated. So far, a waste of money."
76561198051429343,Not Recommended,306130,15125988,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Doofus,"If you were expecting the high quality of Skyrim, do NOT buy this. This game feels like it was made for children. I will be contacting customer support to try to get a refund."
,Not Recommended,306130,15210259,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,NetGuru,WoW still far superior.
,Not Recommended,306130,27453824,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Memetron5000,"Wow this game is awful. Reminds me of Oblivion, which was fun for a bit then the repetetive nature, boring combat and dull voice acting got to me. Don't get me wrong, Skyrim is actually one of my favourite games with mods.This just seems like a tedious game. TBH the whole MMO format is stupid. Designed to be addictive, to make the most money, with no things that makes games good like character development.I really liked PSO though, so not hating on all MMOS. This just seemed like whack a mole.A game like Skyrim with co-op online would be dope though,"
76561198029706641,Recommended,306130,11309033,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Markgeddon,Ótimo jogo!Guilda BR - Nômades Gherreiroswww.nomadesguerreiros.com.br
76561198145936101,Not Recommended,306130,23379881,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,---PURGE PANDA ---,it sucks do not get it i hated it and my friends hated it
76561198008899811,Not Recommended,306130,25305212,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,njedgars,Do not play this game. This is the worst game I have ever played. It is tuff for new players and you have to buy allot of the game. This is a money making scandal with no thought. There is no good story and certain teams have easier starts. This is a terrible game.
,Not Recommended,306130,26640331,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Sithis,4/10Honestly please tell me how this game is good. MMO's are the worse game type out there. I'm only playing it for the theme (thus my name).I'm also aware of my hours but I watched countless videos. HELP!!
76561198085165380,Not Recommended,306130,24983497,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,lajamison,"I played 5 minutes before I had to quit.  I love MMORPGs, but I cannot stand 1st person shooters.  I actually get motion sick from all the movement on them.  This game basically took an RPG and tried to make it a 1PS and completely ruined the gameplay for me."
76561198248803720,Not Recommended,306130,23385694,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,philmcgann022,well if you can wait 20 hrs for the download and then no gauntee it will run?....then dont..i cant comment on gameplay..havnt the time to wait..
76561198083028101,Not Recommended,306130,30509138,Posted: 14 March,all,dylan8459,it sucks
76561198254016070,Not Recommended,306130,23384403,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Mailman,"Is ask for a refund, they give me one, at the beginning all is about go to here and to somewhere else while you are running from the enemies npc that are so boring and spawn every 3 meters, some even inside towns, that kill the inmersion, not to mention all the players running and messing around, i does not worth to buy."
,Not Recommended,306130,34440239,Posted: 23 August,all,Jamir,llollol
76561198131733393,Not Recommended,306130,14943183,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Blood Seeker,Not recommended.
,Recommended,306130,23811299,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dr. Indigestion,"one of the best gส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์mes i have ever played, it was bad on launch but now its godlike."
76561198119636311,Not Recommended,306130,26653351,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Hedas™,"wtf? i bought this pos for $60, when it was ♥♥♥♥ing subscribe to play.  wtf is this $9 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t>"
,Not Recommended,306130,34517314,Posted: 26 August,all,Killerlensen,Trash game not even close to Skyrim pay 2 win autistic role players refugee forrest and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of weebs who've never touched a girl
76561197970782320,Not Recommended,306130,14947964,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,elandryl,"This game is nothing but a steaming pile of bugs. Really. And I'm saying it the moment it becomes buy-to-play. They had like A WHOLE YEAR to make something playable. Right now, it's not even worthy of beeing called an alpha.I still didn't manage to play for more than 10 minutes without having a critical bug. Interface disappearing, disconnexion, banning for ""spam"" after writing ONE SINGLE MESSAGE, lvl3 quest where you meet lvl7 monsters... You name it. This thing is a mess. Don't buy it.Oh, and when the game IS playable (happens every 2535 years on a planetary conjunction), then you can finally discover what the game is made of:-uninteresting quests-uninteresting combat system-atrocious interface-awful main quest-oh, and on the top of it: the skill bar can only contain FIVE. ♥♥♥♥ING. SKILLS. No, not a single more, and no, you can't have a second skill bar ! ARE YOU KIDDING ME ????-the game is pretty. Too bad they didn't make a Elder Scrolls VI instead of that joke."
,Not Recommended,306130,26698305,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,✪ EmperorHydra,"Have to buy a new damn graphics card just to play this game, waste of money tbh."
,Not Recommended,306130,26649927,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,nickleeb,"Can't believe i spent 60 dollars on this sh*t hole of a game, and now its being sold for less than 10 dollars. (which imo is the correct pricepoint, shouldve been that price since day one)"
,Not Recommended,306130,26634381,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,K1R0CK,"nice marketing, developers should dieUPDATE:so everyone now can see these over9000 paid DLCs and crown store,don't even think to buy this game untill you want to spend 9000$ into it."
,Not Recommended,306130,23807184,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,raucherkammerl.ts.gamed.de,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์
,Recommended,306130,30382273,Posted: 7 March,all,Bubbilility,"Great game!So far I appear to be the best theif in all of Tamriel, every guard knows me. And is it a murder hobo simulator? Not anymore! Now we can all be murder land owners! I have an appartment... don't know where it is as I haven't built any furnature to complete the quest so I can find it, but I have it, so I'm no longer homeless... technically.Hours of fun running around doing never ending quests, as you'd expect in an Elder Scrolls game."
,Recommended,306130,30390276,Posted: 8 March,all,Pengu,Elder scrolls online is all in all great MMO RPG game. you get a great turotial how the game works. question can be some one difficult because you can only see one quest at the time. But i am sure the is add-ons for that. But simple as i am i do not have any addons. and its still a all in all great. you will get the hang of the question blacksmithing lvling system in ESO. only thing i didnt like is that gear system in the game is a bit of. every new charachter has almost the same armor/ DPS as a lvl 50 player. But its there for a good reason. and thats PVP. in ESO end game has in own perks in pvp. there are massive groups you can join fighting against two other factions( depends on wich side you choose). So when you hit lvl 10 you can join the action. what i also like about its is that you get items for ranking in PVP and thats cool. so you dont realy care about lvling that much. just enjoy the beatuy of the game same as just having fun ^^
,Recommended,306130,30384641,Posted: 7 March,all,EDIT,"Overall an excellent MMO for people who like to play solo, multiplayer, for hours or for minutes, with the more recent updates especially ESO has become a fast favourite.Simply, when it first released, it wasn't awful, but severly lacking in content and general enjoyment. Combat was ... off ? I know, these reviews should try to be accurate or objective, yet it was just flimsy. The crafting system that was simply worse than random drops. Virtually no end game zones to speak of, and the most debilitating of all, The game recommended travelling the world yet discourged it with harsh level caps and returning to much lower levels if you dared go into a dungeon or PVP zones. If you went into a level 20 zone at level 10, you wouldn't be able to do so. If you went to a level 10 zone at level 20, you'll slaughter everything - including world bosses.I'm happy to say now, after One Tamirel update, the game is actually ENJOYABLE! Whilst most things have got any improvement - Combat is faster and weighty, crafting is useful and scales with you due to changes in harvesting mechanics and there is content for every player at any level, which most of these can be traced to one change. An update called 'One Tamirel' made all zones and areas the same level - You can to anywhere at anytime and be able to adventure without having to skip PVP or Dungeons for fear of over leveling. An excellent change that I, when announced, believed wouldn't work.I started a couple of weeks ago, and started in Daggerfall. Then began PVP for hours and gained many levels. Then to the (new to me) DLC's that unlike other MMOs like WOW did not require me to be at the level cap. Hours in yet I've barely begun. I have so much to do, leading my new guild to victory whereever I go. And yet, where to begin ? Do we try to conquer Cyrodiil in huge siege battlers ? Or a more grassroots and honest living in bargaining for merchants againist other guilds ? Perhaps dungeons and exploration will be our banner we rally behind ? Only time will tell. It's a bold and exciting world, you only need to take the first steps.And that's half of the negatives - The first ten or so levels can be fairly generic and the starting zones are simply boring relics from when the game first released. The other half of the negatives are those relics - In areas where the game has been upscaled, the levels changed with One Tamirel and are often waves of enemies running at you in single file with some odd delays if you deal with them too quickly. That is all I can think of complaining about, as most of the chaff and fat of the original release has been hacked off into a now lean and engrossing game.Give it a try when you can, bring a few friends with you and have a blast.Oh, and choose the Daggerfall Covernant. I'm not bias, Honest!"
,Recommended,306130,30416178,Posted: 9 March,all,Nizzy,Love it
76561197968004674,Recommended,306130,30418527,Posted: 9 March,all,DACA DREAMER,"This is the best MMO on the market currently, hands down. The immersion is 2nd to none, the combat system is wonderful and intuitive, the classes can be played any way you like, the business model is sound and not greedy... the subscription is not required in any way, and if you do decide to subscribe it is an extremely good value, given that your money spent on the sub goes directly into getting crowns to spend on whatever you want, along with the exp bonus, crafting bag, and access to all DLCs.The only negatives I have to list off are pretty much what many others have already said, the technical aspects of the game are perpetually a work in progress, there is often server downtime multiple days in a row for several hours and sometimes even longer. There are still some minor bugs that you will run into, the game will crash to desktop every now and then... but these are not taking away from the overall experience very much. All in all, I highly recommend this game if you are another WoW refugee that is looking for something different but has similar quality."
,Recommended,306130,30472816,Posted: 12 March,all,theWeregopher,"As someone who quit ESO due to the lack of end-game content at launch, I was blown away by the changes that have occured in the game. With the One Tamriel update, every member of the guild I joined can game together at any time, regardless of level. Even better, the content levels with you, so no more out-leveling your zone and having to skip content or face boredom.If I have one complaint, its the over-the-top prices associated with housing. However, not having one has in no way limited my access to content, and gives a goal to work towards should you choose.This is, in my opinion, the best MMO on the market today for story, world design and PvP. If you haven't tried the game, you're doing yourself a disservice."
76561198045772986,Recommended,306130,30470970,Posted: 12 March,all,Tox,"Historically, I've always been a fan of the Elder Scrolls games and also I've harbored a strong dislike for MMOs. ESO managed to bind something I love with a genre I hate and create a fantastic game. I essentially played ESO as a singleplayer game for my first 150 hours. The quests are engaging, the world is beautiful, and every single NPC is voiced (and voiced well). There is an incredible amount of content in the base game.When I began to venture into the actual MMO elements of ESO. I found that they weren't tiresome to learn or apply. The crafting is pretty unique, the dungeons are entertaining, and the community as a whole is welcoming and generous.While I purchased ESO for ~$20, it regularly goes on sale for less than that. If you're a fan of the series or on the fence, I highly suggest you give it a shot. Be warned though, the download is massive."
,Recommended,306130,21366331,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Shewolf1221,"You'll notice a good majority of the bad reviews for this game are from launch. There's a reason for that.I played the beta, and I can agree, it was bad. Like, really bad. But that's what makes the stark contrast of how great this game is now really shine. Zenimax has taken painstaking lengths to listen to the fans and take their suggestions to make this game truly great. If you are a fan of TES, espeially the lore, this is the game for you. There's so much in this game for everyone to enjoy. Even if you are new to MMOs (like I was). This game is near perfect for new MMO players actually, as the keys are mapped out in such a way that it is easy to move and perform various funtions while moving (attacks, jumping, interacting, etc). This game is so flexible that I was able to make a Magicka build on a stamina build rae, and then make it into a tank. I highly recommend this game, especially to those who love Bethesda and TES. Oh, and the Dominion is the best faction ;)"
,Recommended,306130,30468879,Posted: 12 March,all,RSA,Please don't buy this if you're looking for an Online Skyrim. It isn't.
,Recommended,306130,29467636,Posted: 24 January,all,Blackout,"Started this game back in beta but ended up not being too impressed. Came back to it recently and the improvements are dramatic. It's much less buggy than it was to begin with and really lives up to the Elder Scrolls name. Plus, with the One Tamriel DLC, they've made it much easier to play with friends, even if they are very far ahead of you in level and content."
,Recommended,306130,18890445,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,CanadianMonkeys,"So I thought this came with the imperial edition, apreatly not.  What did I buy with this if not that?"
76561198067929780,Recommended,306130,30597412,Posted: 18 March,all,CHILLAxXx,Great game everyone should buy it ... too much to do never gona bored
,Recommended,306130,19315407,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Kemadin,"As far as MMO's go, I would say ESO is a fairly mediocre, yet fun experience for the (sale) price. The real reason why this game shines in my book is because of the newly-added partial controller support. The feature is in beta, but so far this is the only massive multiplayer game I have played that has a decent controller set up, and I've been looking for a good controller playable PC MMO for a while. If you've tried Tera or DC Universe Online for their controller support features I can tell you right now that this game is set up *much* better as far as the controller is concerned. You will still need a keyboard if you want to actually talk to other players, however.If you want to kick back, use a contoller, and play an MMO on your PC I would say this is a great game to go with. If you're looking for the next WoW or EverQuest or something ... well, good luck. Maybe keep your eye out for Camelot Unchained or Crowfall."
,Recommended,306130,19401528,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,bytesizeanna,The artwork and textures are phenomenal.
76561198097932547,Recommended,306130,19410018,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Mightyhero,"I would recommend the game for everyone with a decent internet connection. I had it up and running in 3 hours. The game works perfectly for me, if an area is really crowded with other players it can get a bit laggy, but otherwise it is amazing. Graphics are beautiful and most importantly, not everyone wants to assasinate You, its fairly easy to cooperate with other players. I think its a much more enjoyable game than lets say GTA5 online, which I find almost unplayable at its current state"
,Recommended,306130,19548959,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Spets_Naz,"I'll try to update this review but so far, what I can tell is that this lloks a TES game with minor complains. I don't like the incosistacy on the things you can interact with. For example, while in TES games you normally have multiple books on a shelf, if you acces a shelf in this game it's like reading a single book.I think that they could have used skyrim engine. My computer can handle skyrim while keeping nice graphics but this game goes far behind that for my old machine. The gameplay is cool but I think it's missing a bit of skyrim touch. Don't like how the horse rides also. If you press backwards the horse immediatly turns 360º.Just minor stuff I would like to point, but it seems a very nice game that I actually recommend. I'll update when I have more hours into it."
76561198055986454,Recommended,306130,19556787,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ForsakenSage,BUY THIS ON THE OFFICIAL WEBSITE. ITS ONLY 24 FOR BASE AND 32 FOR IMP EDITION.
,Recommended,306130,18973153,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Captain_Beyond,"Amazing game, don't spect to play skyrim online, this is very different but still awesome, every rpg lover should play it"
,Recommended,306130,19383804,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Salthy,It's actually good now.
76561198257416873,Recommended,306130,19383991,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,R3@Por,"Just recently got back into this game and im loving everything about it. I tried the BETA/Launch early 2014 and the game was not up to par with what an Elder Scrolls game should be. Well, that was then this is now. HANDS DOWN BEST MMORPG OUT TODAY! A Must BUY! Everything they changed/fixzed was for the better!"
76561197984766022,Recommended,306130,19491844,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Apricoth,"I am actually enjoying ESO: TU. Lets face it - this game is not going to please everyone. No game that exists can do that. I tried this game out initially when it was in beta phase and found myself despising it.  Now? I have to say this game has come a long way. Certainly, there are always things to improve upon, there is no doubt. I feel like the Developers of ESO are trying to do just that and are succeeding.  I would say give it a try; it's discounted for several more hours and it is Free to Play. Worse thing that you can get from this is you decide it isn't for you but you won't know until you check it out for yourself to see if it is the game fit for you.  I did sign up for monthly subscription after a few days - that should mean something. =) Take it as you will!"
,Recommended,306130,19515089,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Chad,The music is godly.
,Recommended,306130,19515245,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Eggeu,This game is huuuuge! SO worth the price with how many hours of gameplay you can get out of it. I feel like it gets better the more you play it too! don't give up on it too quickly
,Recommended,306130,19400064,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Shadow_fuze,8.5/10
76561198057249846,Recommended,306130,19400251,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Dahveed,"NOTE: My character is lvl 44 at the time of this review, I've done lots of questing and about 7 dungeons.It's hard to recommend this game.  But then again, it's hard not to.  I have such a love-hate relationship with it.On the one hand, it's Elder Scrolls, and in terms of atmosphere, lore, questing and depth, it lives up to the name.  LOTS of content, lots of things to read, dialogue to hear, things to do.  Crafting system is excellent, voice actors are top-notch, graphics and atmosphere are great, and the animations in particular are VERY well-done, the best out of all ES games if you ask me.However the actual gameplay feels very shallow and boring, and the game overall suffers from all the typical MMORPG bullcrap, such as:- very, very stupid and repetitive AI from NPCs.  The just stand there in perfectly spaced clumps of 3-5 enemies, do nothing ever, and are very stupid and easy to just walk over like insects.- Because of this, there is no surprise or suspense and all dungeons feel the same.  You enter, and 3-4 npcs will wait for you near the entrance.  You kill them easily.  You walk another 10 yards and 3-4 more of the exact same npcs are in your way.  Same level, same health, same abilities, same incredibly stupid AI.  Rinse repeat several more times until you hit the mini-boss.  Rinse-repeat again with 3-4 different mini-bosses until the last boss, kill it, and voila you've saved the day.- Same goes for the actual game world: yes, it is vast, lots to explore, lots of mini-quests, treasure maps are fun, searching for mats is fun, sometimes an occasional ""event"" but even they get repetitive.  But exploring quickly gets tiring and repetitive as well, since the game world suffers from the same MMO crap as the dungeons:  All npcs are clones of eachother with different skins.  Same dumb AI.  Same absolutely HORRIBLE detection behavior.  At one point I was stealthed literally in front of an npc jumping up and down in front of his face and he didn't ""detect"" me.- It's just a shame that there isn't more challenge for single player questing.  I was really hoping they wouldn't fall into the typical MMO trap of making everything so streamlined and identical everywhere... There is no unpredictability in the game world, no danger, thus no excitement.  On my Dragonknight, I can very easily obliterate npcs 10 levels higher than me without breaking a sweat.  It makes the combat BORING and stale.- Some of the mini games like stealth, lockpicking, treasure chests, crafting, persuasion etc seem well done and polished on the surface, but due to how incredibly easy it all is, makes it all seem like a game designed for small ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ children...  Thus it all gets boring very quickly.  My level 44 nord barbarian with NO skill points in Ledgerman can easily and consitently open any lock in the entire game.  I think I have something like 200 lockpicks, because I've only ever broken about a half dozen of them.  Also a 6'3 235 pound nord warrior in FULL PLATE ARMOR should NOT be able to ""sneak"" through dungeons, 9 feet in front of sentries.  It is absolutely ridiculous.I could go on and on, but I don't want to make a wall of text.  I could probably write about 10 pages of criticism... not because I think everything sucks, but on the contrary, because I REALLY want to love this game... but I just can't give it a glowing recommendation.  There are too many baffling design choices, too many typical MMO genre tropes, too much predictability and bland gameplay, not enough challenge, no danger or excitement in the world to explore.A vast, rich world of lore, a huge game world, so much content, fluid combat animations and fun combat system, fun crafting, deep character progression and excellent voice acting and writing.... all seem for naught because there just isn't enough compelling gameplay as you just obliterate everything in your path.  I recently made a bosmer archer who runs around in nothing but his pants (no armor no stats no nothing) to try to add challenge, but at lvl 5 I am still sniping level 10 elite ""skull"" npcs like it's child's play.Final verdict:  I recommend it if you're a true hardcore ES lore fan, but I wouldn't recommend paying any sub fees if you can avoid it."
76561198125518593,Recommended,306130,19400380,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Floppily Doppily's,"ESOTU has the lowest penalty of any MMORPG in terms of free play.  10% xp bonus and some automatic in game currency is all you'd be missing out on.  So that's a plus.Combat has come a long way, and is, finally, in a spot where it feels pretty darn fluid.  Much better than when it launched.  So, that is a big plus.The graphics can be amazing, fps (if less than 2gb graphics card) will be lacking in some areas, but a 2gb radeon or something should make most places smooth as eggs.  Not a huge deal.The ability to be any class, running any weapon combination/armour combination is very cool.  Wanna be a heavy armor sorcerer with a bow, who conjurs up daedra? Ok. Do it.  Another plus.Only having 4 classes to choose from, however, sucks.Overall, it leaves something to be desired, but what it does it does well."
,Recommended,306130,30467707,Posted: 12 March,all,Super's Doppleganger,"This game is ABSOLUTELY amazing.  Great stories, amazing architecture, great voice cast, you can literally play like 75-80% of the game from the first moment you buy it with out relyinig on dlc's.  Absolutely amazing."
,Recommended,306130,15130478,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,inadream,"+ Nice picture, comparable to Skyrim.+ You can even install the game on a regular simple office notebook for $ 350, and get the opportunity to play. The graphics even at minimum settings is quite decent, and does not slow down. It's really beautiful.-  Control in game not so brilliant, like in Skyrim.You can get used, but it is difficult to press the buttons on the keypad at night in the dark, staring at the monitor.- Only 4 classes: Fighter, Rogue, Mage, Priest.This game like a ""Diablo"", to much brutality.The quests are boring, a lot of violence, without effect of ""immersion"" , as in good game.Before, when I was going through an interesting quest in the other game, I enjoyed. Now playing in the TECO, I make weapons and kill monsters all night, and get 11 level, while only getting a little relief.+ This game - a great thing, because maniacs can now rob and kill, sitting at home at the computer, but not on the streets."
,Recommended,306130,17022264,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,franceezy,Great game so far even better with friends!
,Recommended,306130,17086504,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Alpha (GTA Acc) - GodisZeus,some bad♥♥♥♥♥shiet bruh
76561197970803130,Recommended,306130,17090316,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,CRAZED,"Fun game, I wish my system was more up to the stardards of playing it. Have alot of lag issues, especially when starting combat. Pvp is nearly unplayable for me, but Im pretty sure its just my computer. It looks like it would be quite fun if my system could handle it. Multiple forts that require siege engines to defeat, and supplies to repair. Ballistas, Trebuchets, Catopults, Boiling Oil, fun stuff.Some of the higher level zones, specificly upper and lower craglorn need some tweaking, never enough people to do any of the group quests/delves. Not a problem in the other zones though, most content is soloable for every class as long a syou know your builds. Even harders still seems to be finding groups for the 12 man trials."
76561198001118849,Recommended,306130,17030058,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Onosy,ive changed my mind.. they got it to work now and im loving it
76561197974744742,Recommended,306130,17228319,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Soldat,"Update:Somehow, I got through their system and got the game to work.  I cancelled my steam refund request and have played it quite a lot.  I am reversing my negative review.  Theire registration system sucks but the game is pretty fun.@KiriX:  It is spelled ""Liar"".  Go back to school.Original review:This game sucks.  I bought it today and have not been able to play it.  The code steam issued seemed to be accepted but when I finally get to hit the play button (after 2 hours of downloads and creating an account {lots of omg BS here}), and finally getting ready to go,  it says I don't have a ""membership"" and asks for $15/mo.  F-this.  I have asked for a steam refund.  Failing that, I will contest the charge on my credit card.  I do not appreciate being ripped off."
76561198010135292,Recommended,306130,17262040,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Rob,"Right where should I start.....if  you are looking for shyrim online then you are looking at the wrong game, if you are looking for a game which includes all the lore and the feeling of the elder scrolls sagas then go for it. I'm not taking in account the tech side because more or less stardard for graphics is high as one would expect. Sounds and music on the other ends are wonderful. Now for the game itself please play it as story telling game with all the intrigues and machinations behind it, not as hack and slash. I have to admit I've been surprised. By the way char building will allow you to do pretty much anything and if you are not a power player but a roleplayer you will love it."
76561198032453557,Recommended,306130,17265812,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Burnt Toast,It plays more like skyrim and other elder scrolls games then a normal MMO like WOW. It has so many fun and great questest and does not dissapoint. If you are looking to buy a game that will give you thousands of hours of unique gameplay and adventuring I would recommend this game. The game is only getting better so hop on the ESO train and lets party!
,Recommended,306130,17109660,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Ezkael 月の忍,"I am not more than 8 hours in, but I dont usually write reviews, just want to give my first impressions from a gamer that typically plays single player games because I hate online gameplay.I loved Skyrim, i have a tonne of hours in it, I've also unofficially had tonnes of hours playing Oblivion, and some in Morrowind. These games have always been my favourite, and I decided to give TESO a shot since it was no longer subscription.My first impression of the game was, it's like they've tried to mimic the UI and perspective of Skyrim, but with MMO-style skills and NPC AI/looting. But I get thats kind of how you have to do it in online games and the first-person perspective still makes combat fun. I actually really like the combat system so far, playing as a Templar, which is my favourite class. In Skyrim, I found it difficult to play a Templar because in order to use any spell, you'd need to switch away from a sword + shield to use magic. Whereas in Oblivion and Morrowind you could simply cast the spell when equipped in the 'spell slot', so when I'm playing TESO I've got 8 different abilities at the touch of a button.As I started to play the game, I didn't mind the players so much, they weren't very disruptive but occasionally they'd clear out all the hostile NPCs before you can, which can be annoying to some people, I suppose you could always try to play at different times so there would be less people too, depending on your timezone. If you were playing with friends or playing in a clan or something, I'm sure the game would be a lot more enjoyable for you. Support spells in singleplayer Elder Scrolls games didn't really work well, but now classes feel more meaningful, even though there's a little less room to play with customizing roles and classes.I will give a big compliment to the graphics in this game, they are quite gorgeous. High Rock is a place I've always wanted to visit, and the original Daggerfall game wasn't my cup of tea, and now as I explore it I feel like I've found a new spark of love for The Elder Scrolls series, fill me with hope and anticipation for the next Elder Scrolls game!Highlights.Pros:> Graphics> Fun MP> Large world> Classes are great> Combat still vaguely feels like an Elder Scrolls game> Skills system makes more senseCons:> Kind of feels like an MMORPG> Overcrowding> A little bit laggy> Not great for people who dislike multiplayer"
,Recommended,306130,17253620,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Bladerunner,"---<===!!!NEVER PRESS ""VALIDATE GAME FILES"" BUTTON!!!===>---"
,Not Recommended,306130,15415532,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,kuroneko 420,"I write this review in comparison to Guild Wars 2. This is an early review, only 9 hours into the game.I have researched, read many reviews and asked many of friends for their opnions of ESO. It was all very mixed. As of now, my reception of the game is also mixed, I will explain in detail.ESO tries very hard to be Skyrim in terms of real time gameplay and interacting with quests that are for the hero/chosen one (you). This ends up coming out a bit awkward, there's supposed to be one hero but there are many others crowding around you to do the same thing as well. Unlike Guild Wars 2, the game doesn't encourage grouping and quests seem very personal, cutscenes and events only play out for you like it was only meant for you but other players can't see them yet they are still there. And when you do share a boss or a combat sequence with other players, you will feel it's not challenging at all like it was meant for a single player. Yes, Elder Scrolls is meant for single player. ESO does not have proper instancing like GW2 has.That is my only concern so far and it really bothers me. A positive point would be that it is not pay 2 win. I don't see any option where you can buy gold using real cash (legit methods) and gold is indeed damn hard to get.If you are an Elder Scrolls fan I do recommend you getting this though, it might not be Skyrim but its definitely plays like an Elder Scrolls game. If you are new to Elder Scrolls, I think you must consider wisely before buying."
76561198118456826,Recommended,306130,18373636,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Fauxy,"As long as you think of this game as an MMO first and an Elder Scrolls game second, you'll really enjoy it.There's a lot of customization available, along with loads of crafting options, large areas to just explore, a great community if you're part of the right guilds, and a lot of great addons. However, there isn't many options for weapons, only six skill lines for them are available at the moment.However, even over a year after the games release, there's still loads of bugs that you'll run into on a daily basis that don't get fixed for months. There is also an extreme lack of UI customization and very few user friendly functions without the help of quite a few addons.This game has it's ups and downs, but it is definitely worth the price, and being free to play doesn't limit you in any way compared to being a subscriber other than access to the DLC's. I've been playing for over 500 hours (steam isn't required to play the game), and I have yet to get bored of this game or have need to go into the DLC area."
76561198056566210,Recommended,306130,18898320,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,N0B0DY,no more sub fee!
76561198151998480,Recommended,306130,18880044,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,xREJ3KTx,its alright
76561198070277812,Recommended,306130,18882830,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Donald Drumpf,"Love the game so far, just wish you could do transactions through steam store instead of ESO site."
,Recommended,306130,18964690,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Naddykack,Pour some skooma on me....in the name of Stendarr.10/10 would become a magical lizard vampire ninja assassin again.
,Recommended,306130,18963130,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Gring,"Its a good game, its similar to Skyrim, but alot harder, and it takes alot longer to gain levels skills etc. Its free to play does not have a monthly subscription, thou you can set up a subscription for some premium features but it is not required to play the game full on out."
76561198230099572,Recommended,306130,18559994,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,SuPeRShottzz,"I really like this game. I have met many different people and we all have fun together. Sometimes we are serious and at other times we are casually joking around. This game is also fun if you are a solo player. There are many quest with a different reward. The only thing about solo playing is that it gets to be fairly limited. For example there are many things that are impossible to do without people. My advice is join a guild and meet many people. The game also features a PVP or PVE aspect. PVE is basically questing and grinding, and is quite common among ""solo"" players. PVP is amazing, I love the way you can turn the tide of a battle by bringing a raiding party and demolish the attackers or defenders. The siege weapons have many different uses and makes the game a lot more interesting. And finally new areas we have never seen before in the Elder Scrolls universe. It is awesome to see a place that has never been used in an Elder Scrolls game before. I reccomend this game to anyone who is looking for a break from first person shooters, or if you love the Elder Scrolls."
76561198040026739,Recommended,306130,30579259,Posted: 17 March,all,Eldamari,"honestly i love this game. ive played quite a few MMOs and there is alot here to do. that being said, this game is like most MMOs with a toxic community."
,Recommended,306130,18348178,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Eldigen,"It's pretty cool I guess. I always hoped for a multiplayer Skyrim Elder Scrolls game, and here it is. I mean, there are its flaws, and it's not as fun-provoking as the others, like Elder Scrolls V, but it still has its charm. I'd recommend it I guess."
76561198067222322,Recommended,306130,30547406,Posted: 16 March,all,Jalapeño McChicken,it's fun
76561197986253812,Recommended,306130,18366093,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,alfred,"Beautiful graphics.What I like:  Complex crafting.  Player can craft and collect materials for all six craft professions with one character.  Other games limit your crafting.You can belong to five guilds at the same time.  Other games only allow you to belong to one guild at a time.  Belonging to multiple guilds allows members to not abandon friends when joining a guild.  You can keep more people who you like from multiple guilds.I did like the fact that most armor appears to be not bind on equip or bind on pick up so you can pass armor to your lower level characters when you outgrow the armor.  Later in the game you find that the idea of binding armor was not abandoned just researved for the later parts of the game.  Another developer sucker punch.Combat seems a bit less boring than most games.  Interesting monsters with unique abilities require quick action and fighting skills.Worst feature:  The inventory is far too small for crafting characters.  Not enough inventory for the first area.  Each new area requires more and more materials for crafting with no inventory left over to collect new materials.Like most games early level crafting is wonderful.  So the game draws you in.  Later the crafting gets insanely hard.  The game developers succer punch you in the face with this unavoidable difficulty and lack of sufficient inventory.What I do not like:  Only twelve hot keys.  Five keys for each for two weapon sets.  A 104 key keyboard allows for numbers 0 through 9 with ""-"" and ""="" keys for twelve hot key slots.  The game uses R and Q keys for hot keys also but then neglects keys 6 to =.  Hard to understand.  Many games have four rows of 12 keys or 48 hot keys."
76561198153190621,Recommended,306130,18375739,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Merchant07,"Very fun, anyone else who says otherwise can lick a cactus. Seriously though, if you like exploring and the learning of lore, or just diving into a world with magic, warfare, intriguing natural and supernatural phenomena, then I must recommend playing. (Go for the the base game, the imperial stuff is completely unneccessary to enjoy the rest of what the game offers.There's a learning curve to it, so don't expect to learn everything in one day/night, just feel it out and ask your questions in the zone chat--odds are that someone somewhere will be nice enough to help a new player gettin started.Another tip: there isn't a trading post or auction house, so the best way to get things (aside from exploring and finding mats yourself) is to join a trading guild.Edit: I should also mention, that to run the game, (EVERY TIME) I have to run a compatability check and troubleshoot (whatever the trouble is) the program and ""test"" the launcher to get it work. (Without doing this, the game freezes at the login screen after typing in my pw) --plz fixThat's all I can think of, so happy gaming fellas ! :)"
,Recommended,306130,30549316,Posted: 16 March,all,Candee,"""He's a slave. He can be a subermarine if you want him to be, though"""
,Recommended,306130,18363797,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,liquidd666,"The Elder Scrolls Online takes the races and history of the previous series and created an MMORPG with it.The graphics, and gameplay has been strongly rebuilt and looks more like World of Warcraft than to the previous Elder Scrolls series, though here we have a pure realistic RPG style... no armors with shoulders bigger than the character or cartoonish designs. The design is beautifull.What I love on The Elder Scrolls Online is the combats... the player has to point the enemy (no tabulation to auto-focus) and the combat is much more interactive, is not just a sequence of icons on the action bar then tab and same sequence on the next enemy like on wow. Here you have to focus, position the character, block the attacks with your weapon or push the enemy to break spells. A great improvement from other MMORPG!A bad aspect of the game is the interface... is not really user friendly and the game is complicated to play without addons. The good side... there are tons of addons and they are easy to install and manage with a third part application called ""Minion"".If I have a real serious complain about TESO is the launcher application. It's full of bugs, so don't be scared if the percentage of download stay still or simply the download of an update breaks and you have to repair the files... don't worry there are no bugs like that once in game. Enjoy!"
76561198015736093,Recommended,306130,18361673,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,maxkidd,"Loot,Elder scrolls,horses get it"
76561198069222603,Recommended,306130,18363162,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Nejfluffy,Best game I've ever played ^^
76561198102362186,Recommended,306130,21957538,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Aurahawk,"So been playing on and off for about a good year or two. My previous review was about practically bashing the poor settings within the game, whether it be shadowing, FPS, or the battle animations.Still harp on the battle animations, for lets say dual wielding, and the shield animation showing up, which is a dead give away for those who tank against other players. Other than that, Zenimax has fixed quite a bit in ESO.Let me start that, yea, sorcerer is still OP. ONLY in the right hands. Other than that, they fixed it and nerfed it alot, so not a whole lot of spam sorcerers. Then there's Nightblade, the second most OP class. Spam aspect all day and free killing spree. Fixed that. Dragonknight had a buff due to its lack of love, and now I love the class. It actually trumps Templar, which use to be my favorite until I got bored with spam healing myself as a paladin.  My point is, all 4 classes had their nerfs and buffs, and now the game is more enjoyable.Can own a house now, which is everybodies want from day one. Havent tried it myself, but I hear a lot of fun things that is introduced into house decorating.Faction choice is trash to be honest. Everybody decided to sacrifice their first born and join the Daggerfall Cov, whereas the Dominion is left to die slowly and.... well, RIP Nords and Dark Elves. Forgot the name of their faction lol but their population is garbage for pvp. My point is, if you choose a faction, choose either Dominion or Daggerfall. I split two, two characters on both sides, so I can experience the gameplay. To note, this domination is only revolving in Blackwater. Unsure about True Flame.The story is interesting. Enough said about that. Better than Skyrims story if you ask.Lastly, it's a sub free MMO. Provides an option to Opt into subscription, which in honesty, it's a 50/50 shot. It has it's perks, but if you do it for only the free DLC, I recommend just buying the DLC. 12.99 a month * 12 months altogether, you're wasting more money. If you do it for thee all thee above perks, then yea, go for the subscription. But what's awesome is that you buy this game, and can play it for free. Unlike most MMO's out there.I'm still clinging onto FF14, but every now and then now. PVP is dead on that game, and it's all about raiding, dungeoning, and PVE. This game has all of that, with live PVP. Also, don't really like investing 12.99 a month to play a game I already play. Let alone, that's how I am now days. Give me the option of doing a one time payment per year, and I'm happy with that because I understand economics. Make me pay 12.99 a month to play or not to play, and I frown at that.So take this new review with a grain of salt. Old bad reviews are from around launch time. Todays ESO is like new, just better."
,Recommended,306130,30547878,Posted: 16 March,all,Headpool182,"Don't let the hours fool you, I have played more outside of steam. I started shortly after release, and at the time, I enjoyed it well enough, but I didn't find I was getting my money's worth. Over time, ESO has gotten better. I find myself continously leaving and coming back, and the fact that the subscription based model was dropped a year ago has benefitted this. This last time though, I decided to go for it and purchase the gold bundle on Steam to get the DLC. At 40$, it was cheaper than buying the crowns in the store, and allowed me to have it linked to my steam! I wouldn't call the combat in this game the most amazing, it's a first/third person action RPG. Still, I enjoy teleporting in and slicing my enemies and then swinging two swords around madly. I found too many people going in, wanting skyrim with friends, and being disappointed. ESO is first and foremost an Action MMORPG with an Elder Scrolls Theme. While it had a rocky release, updates over time have improved the game, greatly. The release of the Thieves Guild DLC and Dark Brotherhood DLC have greatly improved the game. The Justice System update brought some fun game mechanics, and thievery gives good rewards. One Tamriel helped to better enable you to play with your friends, no matter what level. The homestead update brought players homes(duh), something to work towards with your ill gotten gains! I personally recommend this game!"
,Recommended,306130,30584979,Posted: 17 March,all,Kaezzey,"Everytime I play this RPG I think........When was the last time I got some ♥♥♥♥♥, know what I'm saying?"
76561198054847995,Recommended,306130,30579597,Posted: 17 March,all,Cali,one of the best mmos every created love it
76561198072173349,Recommended,306130,18710190,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,SneakyCandy,"If you like the Elder Scrolls games or at least Skyrim, then I would highly recommend this game.The gameplay isn't any different from what you are used to in these games and as other people have said you have so much more freedom to do stuff like loot just about everything and go just about anywhere.I like almost everything in this game BUT there are a few things that kind of bug  me, it takes ages to lvl (other online games takes less time to lvl), buying stuff like bank/backpack expansions are I think a little expensive, but that is just my opinion.The graphics in this game is breathtaking can't expect anything else from these guys!But all in all this game is amazing."
76561198074654608,Recommended,306130,20058537,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,bauMan,"Played WoW for a long time, and I must say, This game gave me the same feeling excitement and fun when I first played WoW back in 2004. The combat is so interactive and fresh, the quests are deeply written and there are countless hours of content!"
,Recommended,306130,18232075,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Flamemine900,big game but realy addictive and realy fun quests
,Recommended,306130,17672778,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Arthur Schopenhauer,Worth playing.
76561198015882347,Recommended,306130,15045760,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,PeaceMaker,Highly addictive with enormous amount of Lore and Backstory!
,Not Recommended,306130,17118011,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,MrGeevil,This game has the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ launcher ..The Gameplay is good but before you can play you have to bypass their mentally stupid launcher
76561198041571110,Recommended,306130,30327956,Posted: 4 March,all,Turjav,"The amazing thing about this game is how much it feels like playing a normal Elder Scrolls game with the added bonus of being able to play it with friends.Pros:Great action combat system that plays like an Elder Scrolls game as opposed to a WoW clone (the latter category being very boring IMHO.)Great level-matching so that players of different levels can play together and be equally valuable. This same system also allows for free exploration in a way unlike any other MMODecent Crafting SystemCons:If you want to enjoy quests with friends, you have to be very careful to do everything together and at the same time as you can very easily find yourselves on different stages of the quests and in extreme cases, finishing the quest first in ways which prevent you from being able to help your friends.Other problems, the makers of this game are incredibly greedy and won't let you have a decent inventory even after buying the game and numerous expansions unless you also pay for a subscription. BTW, it will also cost you about $20 if you want to play as a member of the Imperial race and another $20 if you want to be able to choose your race independent of your faction. This is worse that what I have seen in free to play games which do NOT charge a massive amount of money to buy in the first place.Final Verdict: 7/10"
76561198039769789,Recommended,306130,17933020,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Boxer,"Update: MUCH GRINDReview changed to posetive from negative:I was able to purchase crowns and the DLC using the Xola secure site, but I had to remove all my browser security apps and anti pop up settings in order to get it to wrok.The loading times between zones and the lagg has decreaced a bit, but be warned the game still suffers a lot from this.Over all the game is very good value for money providing at least as much to do as in the Skyrim SPG combined with RVR PVP in zones ten times larger and more detailed than those found in GW2.Once you reach max level, however, the game dose suffer from as much GRIND as the average Korean MMO.The GRIND comes in multiple forms, one of which is champion points.  Each CP takes about 350,000 exp and you will be competing against other older player who have between 500 and 1,000 CP already.  These existing players are many times stronger than you because of their extra CPs.  If you have the same max level, same skills and same gear you will die to them 100% of the time.Another form of GRIND comes in the VET level system which take a long time to obtain (about ten times longer than non VET levels) and this makes leveling up alternative character class very time consuming.The final GRIND comes from grinding for the new VET level 16 gear which has been made ten times harder to grind than any lower level e.g. A single VET 1 to 15 gear will requre 15 units of special metal but the same gear in VET 16 will require 150 units!  This only happens for the VET 16 gear.In conclusion, the game is good, but it has some problems and suffers from A LOT OF GRIND.Don't be fooled by a lot of you tube vids by elite players claiming how easy it is to level an ""OP"" class.  The players who post these vids do not have real world jobs and make a living posting game videos.  The builds they post are not normaly obtainable by mortals.Old review:Warning if you have this game on Steam you may not be able to buy additional crowns to buy the new DLC!  I have the game on steam and you can now only buy crowns via the Zen web site; however, if you go to the Zenimax website to buy the crowns it tell you that since you bought the game via steam you have to buy the crowns via some third party web site called Xola Secure and niether Zenimax NOR steam will support this third party Xola secure so good luck with that!The game is also suffering from 5 to 10 miinute loading screen times on each dungeon, delve and multi zone change, so during 1 hour of play time you will spend 25% of your time locked in loading screens even on fibre broadband with top spec pc.I will re evaluate my review when the above issues are fixed as I do like the game, it just has some major issues, especialy on steam."
,Recommended,306130,19789429,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,zukispeed,"I like the game, the mechanics are solid, but grouping is a nightmare. There should be some sort of MatchMaking System for dungeons"
,Recommended,306130,19199475,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Natth J,"Great PVE Game, PVP is OK, What I need is a pvp 10 vs 10 or 1 vs 1 or something like an arena.If they made that I would return to this game."
,Recommended,306130,19598342,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Filthy Rustblood,"ITs like oblivion, but onlinewith alot more armor"
,Not Recommended,306130,19633227,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Thoth,"Overall a good game 6/10, but as far as Elder Scrolls go... They're damn near not related. Zenimax pretty much took a sh*t on everything Bethesda has made the past decade with this. I honestly dont even think it deserves the name ES. But whatever.As far as games go its pretty standard, especially for a MMO. All the same old tricks and such. Gets generic real quick, also theres nothing that really gets you invested in the game besides it being new. I find myself not even caring what the Npc's have to say. Once i hit Vet Rank 5, I immediately stopped caring for the game.PVP sucks, because some Rank whatever can murder you in a couple of hits, in otherwords wait till you Rank 1 at least to screw around in Cyrodiil. Even with that you'll have to ""build"" your character right in order to not die every 2 seconds and I personally hate that type of mess, but whatever.Honestly dont buy this unless your bored and want something to tie you over till something better comes out.Even with me thrashing on this game, I enjoyed  it so ....."
76561198085865644,Recommended,306130,19566938,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,phelipe.pridegames,cara esse jogo é muito bom...
,Recommended,306130,19575574,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Sigurd,"Although I've heard terrible things about it in the past year, it's not so bad (anymore)."
76561198061974291,Recommended,306130,19576338,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Ricky,"8/10Fun game with lots to do. My only gripe is even though two content packages have been released in the past couple of months, the players might have to sit on those for over a year. I hope they prove me wrong."
,Recommended,306130,19772392,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,KimUno94,"Best open world MMORPG i have played, by the way i LOVE the justice stytem!!!! lol"
,Recommended,306130,19773552,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,daedric_deathclaw,"Awesome game! No regrets spending all the money, altough DLC's could've been included too for THAT price."
76561198134527252,Recommended,306130,19763809,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Admiral Crunch,"In the launch state of this game I would have advised you to better spend your money by lighting it on fire and throwing it in a gutter, but that was then and this now.A lot of small changes have added up to an incredibly satisfying whole: the justice system, new combat animations, lots of tweaks and changes here and there all make it worth not only your money but way more of your time than you expected. I can't recommend this enough."
,Recommended,306130,19759792,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,MrWatSin,Absolutely loving this game. High marks all around!!!
,Recommended,306130,19577272,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,LampShadeKnight,Learnt the Nord way of Pillaging and Looting - 15/10 will loot again
,Not Recommended,306130,15862490,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,|\/| ! C H 3 L 3,"took 12 hours to download the 48 gb game, 4 to download all updates and patches (other 2 or 3 gigs.), but only took me 10 hours to make new character.10/10Actual Review:TES Online (Tamriel Unlimited) is, in my opinion, a bad Elder Scrolls game. Why? The addition of multiplayer to the ES formula made the developers skimp on what makes ES great. The game feels empty, unlike Oblivion and Skyrim (haven't played Morrowind enough to compare). The single-player counterparts do an amazing job of putting you in the main characters shoes, and putting you in this immersive world. ESO skimps on that, making for a bland MMORPG. In ESO, you just happen to do quests, and get sidetracked through PVP combat, and having no real goal to follow as the story isn't as intriguing as previous installments. Would not recommend."
76561198050585654,Recommended,306130,30027590,Posted: 18 February,all,nuktubia,"Relative noob on this game, and WOW and GW2 veteran.This game stacks up well against both by carving it's own little niche in the crazy MMO world. Enjoying my time so far. Massive world, plenty of things to do. I only hop[e that this game does not become the massive time-suck that the aformentioned games were for me.Highly recommend.***Edit****After more than 160 hrs on this game, I am hooked. Love the combat mechanics and the crafting. Have not done any Dungeon instances or PVP as yet, but still loving it."
,Recommended,306130,30743438,Posted: 25 March,all,Therexa,"This is quite a fun MMO. I'm glad they removed the subscription model as it makes it easier for people like myself - who often get caught up with this, that and everything else - to play.The races are exactly what you'd expect from Skyrim, the combat is quite a bit different to Skyrim's system but similar to other MMORPGs - basic attacks, skills, those sorts of things - which makes it easy to pick up and learn.It does have a few little quirks - I've experienced a few crashes here and there - but overall, there not much for me to complain about.The option to have add-ins for things not normally in the game - for example a timer to see how much longer I have until I can research a trait on a new item - is just wonderful! I love that with it I can pick and choose what I want and leave out everything I don't care about without having to worry about bloated files.Definitely something to look at, has kept me playing for quite while and almost certainly will for a long time to come."
76561198234672752,Recommended,306130,22198092,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ethyle X Elthye ✪ l4d2,Expected full tamriel to explore but meh....
76561198078204499,Recommended,306130,16846644,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Swimerine,I love Elder Scrolls games. This isnt a true Elder Scrolls Game. But I love it.
,Recommended,306130,20979560,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Helix,good game i recomend this title love it i loves all the es's this one is my favorite its open world pvp love it
76561198047792295,Recommended,306130,21151252,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Comboplus,Good pasttime
76561198201502441,Recommended,306130,21134595,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,7skills,I never played an mmo longer then 2 hours or so but i did played other elderscrolls games. so is it worth it?Played for about 20 hours and finished the first zone. Did all quests and stuff i could do and i liked it.this game wont give you the feeling you got when you played skyrim or oblivion. This game gives kinda mixed feeling between an ''normal'' elderscrolls game and an mmo (wich it of course is ). But it isnt a worse feeling then the other games. You should check it out too see for yourself to know what im talking about.10/10
,Recommended,306130,30699582,Posted: 23 March,all,Stormtrooper,Life depends on it
76561198044978573,Recommended,306130,21140983,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,RomanShadowrise,"It feels great, no problems on logging in whatsoever. Only sometimes it crashes during Character creation, which is frustrating when you're almost done. The movement feels good, quests are diverse. Stories given to quests are pretty in-depth and even spoken like in GW2. The effort that went into this must be a lot.Pro's:- Great graphics- Character Customization- MMO (All I ever missed on Skyrim was the multiplayer option for it to be The game)- Overall gameplay (movement, quests, combat)- Smooth and fast serversCon's:- Crashes in Character customization- A Lot of downloading (huge patch, can take a few hours)Furthermore it's most fun to play with others.------------I don't have any experience above level 10, so here we go!"
76561198056434204,Recommended,306130,21138850,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,✪ khris,Thumbs up eh
,Recommended,306130,21116503,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Bob Ross,Good
,Recommended,306130,21040696,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,GIOR,"This game has the most advance and interesting PVP .From all of the online games i've tried in my life, this one is the best !Great and also helpfull communities !Interesting timeline and storylineI'll give 9/10"
76561198116755691,Recommended,306130,21044472,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,AaronMc,"Every time I launch the game it says installing, once it reachers 100% (wich takes about a couple seconds) it just disappears and I dont understand what I should do about this."
,Recommended,306130,21229214,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,The 9th Encounter,"I don't quite know how to wright a bought this game. Nevertheless I shall try, if like me you are a fan of the elder scrolls lore like me you might enjoy it spite it's flaws. If you are a fan of elder scrolls for gameplay or a bit of both you might be in for a shock. The game labels it's self a ""MMORGG"" I thought I was walking into what was to be ""skyrim online"" needles to say I was sorely disappointed. The RPG aspect of the game is limited to having to check ALL the containers on a given area. The game is most certainly a lot more MMO and makes shire you know, the game play is very far from skyrim. That said if you where felling adventures I do recommend this game for is fast PVP combat and challenging PVE."
76561198173732142,Recommended,306130,21210309,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Tpolson,"Elder scrolls online is a good game at times. But one complain i have is that after the quests and dungeouns there's not much to do, also there is alot of in game purchases because some things cost alot of gold.but ESO is not a bad game it looks good so if i were to rate it i would give it 7/10"
76561197993611850,Recommended,306130,21207678,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Nashada,"I cant play or install this game through Steam, so, first of all, my playtime is more than shown here. I bought the game here for 20€, downloaded and installed it from elderscrollsonline website and it works without problem.Why I love this game:- it follows the tradition of Elder Scrolls games. If you are looking for that, you are right here. Setting, Music, Environment, characters all make you feel at home.- the stories told are great, you run over and over into interesting NPC, which you have met before on the road and progress through their story. Unfortunatley, the quest dont have much impact, you might have just saved one region from werewolves, time traveled to achieve that, freed a huge castle from them by leading a army, but around the next corner you meet a group of soldiers which greets you as new recruit and asks you to scout for them... The game makes you feel like you have an impact on the world, but sometimes it crushes this illusion."
,Recommended,306130,21114926,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Landwalruses,"Improved significantly since beta. PVP is fun. Customization is alright. Loot treadmill isn't terrible. Some interesting quests and such.Worth a try if you pick it up on sale, since they dropped the subscription model."
,Recommended,306130,21113054,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Riddlezz17,If you like The Elder Scrolls games and you like MMOs youre gunna LOVE THIS GAME10/10
76561198264277315,Recommended,306130,19755808,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Wickedburst,:)
,Recommended,306130,19758636,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Tesla,"Lots of fun, and love that you can respec skills if you decide to change your build."
,Recommended,306130,19929534,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Fleezus Christ,Not even an hour into the game I blew up a spider in the corner of a room with a giant blast from a fire staff while trying to save the queen 10/10
