user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,306440,16751534,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,skwært,"A cute desktop Souls-like without any type of checkpoints. so the tension(and cheese) gets real when fighting a boss or when you get far into it, but when it breaks its own rules and kills you or bugs out an hour or two inn, it just gets frustrating as you have to start from the beginning, not even the pickups saves...Would recommend under a sale of 50% or lower, as a simple fix by the developers would make it great."
,Recommended,306440,14698257,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dethamphetamine,"Well I deleted my past review. This game is good. If you're looking for a sidescrolling Dark Souls...eh I can't agree with that. If you wanna play a game thats along the lines of Volkkor, then hell yeah try this.  It's not an easy game. You will die, and die often. But if you enjoy the art style and the gameplay looks interesing, then try it out (unless you're iffy, wait til a sell comes through) If the game has peaked your interest because of the relation that it's getting to Dark Souls, then I can't recommend.I'm a man that will admit when he's wrong and I was wrong and sorry if I turned someone away. I looked into reviews, got angry, and I jumped to conclusions (you know what happens when you assume) This is an interesting game. I hope with the second installement, or dlc, that they implement some more weapons, armor, maybe even classes. Then i'll be on board with calling this a sidescrolling DS.7/10-would challenge my poopy review again"
,Not Recommended,306440,15713656,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,NoSeKe,"Plenty of technical problems and bad control settings (no rebindable keys). Support from devs almost nonexistent. I bought it on day one and i havent been able to play the game enough to criticize the gameplay, i've abandoned every hope about it."
,Not Recommended,306440,14717043,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Conkerkid11,"Edit:I'm not entirely sure what you people think procedurally generated means. The environement doesn't change. It's the same every single time. You guys don't think Souls games are procedurally generated, do you? It doesn't take 100 hours of playing a game to know whether or not it's generated randomly. Much like in Souls games, when I died and started at the beginning, I could retrace the exact same route I took previously. Nothing changed.----------------------THIS IS NOT A PROCEDURALLY GENERATED GAME, DESPITE WHAT A CERTAIN CURATOR MAY SAYOblitus feels very much like an early access title that will never receive any updates. While the game that exists is alright, there isn't much content, and there isn't much reason to come back for more once you've already played it.Oblitus starts you off in the middle of nowhere with only a spear. You can use the spear for melee attacks, or throw it at enemies and wait for it to respawn in your hands a couple of seconds later. The combat is alright, though collision detection is spotty. You can also jump and roll to evade enemy attacks.There is no procedural generation here. The only thing even remotely randomly generated is the powerups. Everything in the world remains the same once you die and respawn. Speaking of which. If you die at any point, you will be sent straight back to the menu. None of your progress is saved, and starting again will be just like the time you first started.If you pick up any of the 20 or so powerups in the game, they will be gone, and you'll have to pick them up again.There's about three or four bosses total, each varying in attacks and weaknesses. The bosses are pretty terrible, and will either repeat the same moveset over and over again, have a one-hit KO no matter your health or powerups, and/or not even have an obvious weak spot at all.The game also focuses heavily on backtracking. So you will traverse through an area, pick up something that allows you to break walls, then traverse back through the area exploring areas previously unexplored. This would be great if not for the fact that the entire world is interconnected, and it's possible to fall from the very top, through several loading screens, back down to the bottom. At that point you're better off starting over again.The framerate is spotty. There's no resolution options. There's no v-sync options. There's no options really.It's a really frustrating game, because it looks like the artists made a good game, then whoever was responsible for the gameplay just kind of threw something together from another game, didn't finish, and called it good.You're buying an unfinished game."
,Not Recommended,306440,18669843,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mitch13pavel,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqYKp035qhIOblitus is a highly challenging side-scrolling combat focused 2D action game with a Dark Souls-esque influence. The game puts you in control of a mysterious masked warrior who must journey through treacherous environments and battle a variety of vicious creatures and monsters. The game is very combat focused and focuses primarily on using your magical spear to stab enemies with an up close melee attack, or snipe them from a distance with a ranged spear throw attack. The combat is brutal, fast paced, and highly satisfying, each enemy you encounter will put up a fun enjoyable challenge. The game thrives on repetition, utilizing a one life perma-death health system, you will progress through the game by trial and error as you will repeatedly die over and over and use the information you’ve gained through each run through on how to vanquish troublesome bosses or how to progress through the level itself.The presentation of the game is done very well, the atmosphere and art style of the game is absolutely gorgeous and defiantly one of the stronger aspects of the game. The level design is very well done and the variety of worlds, levels, and enemies helps keep things enjoyable despite the heavy emphasis on repeated playthroughs.The game is incredibly punishing, offering no checkpoints, no save points, and a one life perma-death system. The only way to replenish your health is by further risking death by defeating enemies, which results in a very minimal return. The game expects almost near perfection from the players part, so as a gamer one would also expect almost near perfection from the game itself, with demands so high for success, one would expect that the game itself would be able to allow you to at least attempt to accomplish the insane expectations set before you. The game however does not fulfill, or even attempt to fulfill its end of the bargain, as it is riddled with game breaking bugs that crash the game and force you to restart. Being published by Adult Swim Games it makes me almost wonder if the game breaking bugs are intentional and placed in to troll the gamers and if the game is merely a satire of what the original release of Dark Souls for PC was. It is a shame that a game with such an enjoyable concept, combat system, and level design never truly reaches its potential level of greatness due to game breaking bugs.In the games current state I would not recommend the game, even at a discounted price. However if the game ever gets patched and doesnt crash and force you to lose all your progress OR allows you to continually save your progress to prevent the loss from crashing then I would highly recommend the game.http://noobsthatplaygames.com/"
,Not Recommended,306440,14869845,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Wizo,"This review is 100% complete steam achievements.I created a video review/speedrun/rant about Oblitus found herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51tErGpivtU-Story-You play as a Harbinger, a little mask wearing tribesman with a spear who wakes up under a monolith that gives you a very brief idea of which direction you need to move in the beginning. This information is conveyed telepathically by a guide whom is stuck on this world. This guides name is Mud. So mud tells you to find him in either the Forest, the Caves, or the Hanging Furnace, and that is really all the background you get. So you set of either right or left and really dont know where you are going until you play the game at least 4 or 5 times then you start to understand where these areas are located.  Anyway you meet Mud he gives you some flavor text and tells you to defeat a specific boss in the world 1 of 3 differing bosses. You defeat this boss gain its soul and must return to Mud so he can do some sort of mask breaking manuver that allows you to enter the final area the Under. Once making you way through the Under you face the final boss and complete the game, are eatin up by a clam and transform into a large beast as best I can tell, the story gets really fuzzy here.-Gameplay-Weilding a spear that you can jab and throw and a shield to defend yourself, you set off on your great mini-adventure. Progressing from area to area you discover scrolls that give your character differeing abilities such as higher jumping, dodge rolling, poison spear, or heavy armor. There are 22 scrolls and armor variations total in the game and these create the differing gameplay styles in the game. You may end up getting ""heavy armor"" and ""bigger"" and withstand your enemies blows or you may get ""dodge rolling, higher jumping, gliding, and light armor"" and be quick agile and jump all around the screen. The terrain consists of quite a bit of platforming.-Combat-Easily the best faccet of this game is how responsive and accurate the combat is. Your character reacts for the most part in the ways that you would expect and if you get stabbed it is many times because you misjudged the encounter. The harbinger wields the spear accuratly and spear throwing is a large dynamic part of the game. One thing to note is when you throw your spear it follows the trajectory of the harbingers arm in an overhand throw, this creates scenarios in which you may hide behind a rock and throw the spear over the rock without leaving cover.Dodging is quick and responsive with blocking working as intended. There is even a parry (though there is little use for it.)With combat being such a strong asset to this game its a shame there is not more engaging enemies and boss fights.-Movement-The harbinger is a quick little tribes man that can roll, jump, and pole vault off of his spear. Movement is yet another strong asset to this game allowing you to quickly traverse the areas in style. Once again input is responsive and all controls (at least with the XBOX controller which I used) feel fluid. Later play throughs see your character polevaulting through levels with relativly low difficulty.-Enemies-Enemies for the most part are varried, and while very few feel like they need to be approached in a different manner than any other foe, there are differences in their movement and attack patterns. All enemies in the game (including bosses) are dispatched with 2-4 hits with the final boss uping the ante to 6 hits. Villagers will jump on your back, vultures will swoop down from above, and spiders will launch themselves at your little harbinger off of their webs or chains. Once again combat is great, however enemy diffuculty could have been ramped up for a game that trys to focus on replayabilty.-Boss Fights-One of the most disappointing aspects of Oblitus. With a total of 4 bosses that appear in every play through, there is not alot of variety. Each boss fight follows the idea of hit the enemy in their exposed weak spot and depending on what scrolls you found throughout the level the bosses may be dispatched with as little as 2 hits to said weak spot. Each boss follows the same movement everytime and has almost no variation in their attacks. While you may die the first time you face each of the bosses, I doubt you will find your demise at their hands very often at all.-Difficulty-This game does not have the intense difficulty that it states. While combat is fun and engaging it is not challenging. Enemies die after just a few hits and due to the fact all character progression comes from finding scrolls in the world there is no need to fight any creatures in the game besides the bosses....   Yea...  Enemies are easily skipped by pole vaulting over them and because they do not drop experience only health after a few runs you come to realize enemies and 95% of the combat in the game is decoration. Because of this lack of need to fight any enemies in the game it really ends up turning into a pole vaulting simulator the more you play.-""Procedurally-generated realms""-Oblitus whie trying to catch the rogue-like wave states they have procedurally generated levels and while technically this may be true it is not by any means a selling point for the game.  The procedural generation simply sets upgrades in one of three different spots on a static level. For each run there will be minor changes such as go over the boulder or go through the boulder. The largest change in each run is where the guide Mud is found. Do not try and sell me on procedurally generated levels when after playing the game just a few times I can mentally walk through every step of the  journey in my head.-Upgrades-It has to be said that over half of the upgrades in the game really have no effect on gameplay. As an example I picked up the poison spears upgrade. I knew that the enemy I was going to hit would die from two jabs of my spear, so I proceded to stab him once and let the poison finish him off. However the only effect that seemed to happen was the enemy turned  green for 2 seconds and when the poison wore off he proceded to try and bury his dagger in my throat. There are a host of abilities just like this that really have absolutely no impact on changing how you play such as impact rolling, cannonball, and impact landing.-Questionable design choices-One of the levels the hanging furnace takes place in the clouds and much of the platforming consists of jumping from hanging ladder to hanging ladder. However there is no falling damage in the game, so falling from the hanging furnace has no consequence except for some irritation about how you have to work your way back up.The hardest enemies in the game turn out to be the weakest ones. Due to a homing attack the final areas bug like creatures can easily get behind you and hurt you however these enemies are dispatched in one hit and I find myself having a much harder time confronting one of these things than the first three bosses in the game. The larger the enemy the less intimidating they are in Oblitus.Without giving the player any type of reward for killing or punishment for skipping enemies 95% of all enemies in the game simply become background noise.-Unlockables-Finally Oblitus keeps you coming back for more with the collection of a single artifact piece on each run. The game gives you a teaser of this awesome boss fight after every time you complete the game and you slowly build this mask. Once the mask is completed you start a new run and are super pumped to fight the final boss. THERE IS NO FINAL BOSS! You give the mask to Mud and he goes good job dude way to waste all your time.-Verdict-While combat is good there is no need to fight any enemies, bosses are easily dispatched and eventually you feel as if you waste your time run in and run out. So much potential but this game is a huge let down, I cant recommend."
,Not Recommended,306440,31982151,Posted: 26 May,all,WetTouchⓒ,"I thought this was going to be a decent game because i am a fan of adult swim games, but this is just disappointing. Everything is wrong about this game. It wants to be a 2D dark souls like Salt and Sanctuary but fall short of every game standard. My main issue is how awkward the controls are, and sometimes there is a delay on the keystrokes which never works out well. The part which is really back is that i can't even change the controls in the options, i can't change much in the options at all, i can't even turn down that annoying music. This is a browser game that really should be free but in reality is $17 (CAD) what a joke that is. I would price it at $5. The one postiive thing i can say this that the visuals are kinda nice."
76561197992573206,Not Recommended,306440,28812075,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[YEAH] Sinnombre,"This game is unfair. And I don't mean that in the good sense, like I'm saying it's hard and forces you to learn and adapt or anything. No, I mean this game is literally unfair. It kills you through things beyond your control. You can't really effectively heal, so each time you take damage you are stuck with it forever. When you die, you don't learn something so that next time you'll do better, you think ""well I sure hope next time that boss doesn't prot those two attacks in a row like that 'cause its completely unavoidable."" There are no checkpoints or permanent progression of any kind (that I've found; maybe those come later but I doubt it). Every time you die, you need to go through the whole game up till that point, and you need to do it all perfectly or you just die again. The best comparison I can make is that playing this game is like having to do a complete run through the entirety of N, and if you die on any level, you have to restart on level 1. Maybe you are into that; I am not. These designers learned all the wrong lessons from Dark Souls. Bonfires are there for a reason, and if you die in Dark Souls you only lose what you made a conscious decision to risk. You encouter an area, learn the area, master the area and then never have to return there again. Here it's like 'I sure hope you love the first 5 minutes of this game, cause that's what you will spend the vast majority of your time playing.'O, and anything you hear about this game being procedurally generated is a flat out lie. I dunno if I heard that from the devs or from some other source, but the game uses a static map. Certain powerups and occasionally npcs are found in randomized locations each run, but the map itself is constant."
,Recommended,306440,14687780,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,MasterBugPatch,"The developer of the game said he was inspired by Dark Souls creating this game. In a commentary it is said you will spend most of your time behind a shield(I actually rarely use my shield besides for bosses).The movements of this game are very sudden and you need to be able to adjust yourselves to the surroundings to be able to play well. The detail put into the graphics is astonishing though the storyline could use a little more. We all know we aren't playing for storyline though.Going through the game is a matter of time, process and elimination. You will have to repeat yourself until you find the right way to do something to continue.This is the game for anybody who is into 2d games, hand graphics, and isn't aggrivated by repitition."
76561198119350256,Recommended,306440,16665446,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,✪ DeadManDrifting,"Very fun game. If you plan on getting this maybe wait for an update that adds saves or checkpoints because at this point if you leave the game while playing, it delete progress. Should also add new powers and a gallery for the descripction of each power once unlocked, and also you have to have more combos to attack and defende and having a map.Need updates soon."
,Not Recommended,306440,24452701,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Sleepless,"Hello, I was starting to write some feedbacks and I will present two of them, but asI continued writing, suddently the game had a misfortunate event and I will bedescribing it:The vine grabbing mehcanics feels limited and awkward.I should be able to freely manipulate my movement up and down while on a vine.Secondly, it would have been neet to have the possibility, mid-through a Long Run,to pause for a second and while pausing, browsing through the collectionof your current power-ups and maybe even rethink your fighting strategy(like for an example, the following boss or mob) and think of power-upcombo or tactic. Or even just to glare and measure by the number of power-ups,youre current run's progress or just have fun with staring at them.Also, The game happened to be a HUGE letdown as suddently I feel deep in the caves andwasn't able to get out at all. I was stuck in a huge massive ditch and exploredit all over just to find out that unfortunately, I had absolutely no way out.I explored the whole area maybe ten times to just make sure as I was havinga great succssesfull run, defeating one boss, exploring three different areas,Getting above ten power-ups, finding like more than five full health restoresand was being super proud of myself as this whole deal was my legitimly myfirst run ever.I'm upset about this ending, having to quit the game instead of dying bya great opponnet or boss fight. I'm currently unsure as to pick this game upagain, while before I even got thinking to myself 'I havn't enjoyed a gamethis much in quite some time'."
76561198070005429,Recommended,306440,18706154,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,RedwoodEnt,"I remember the days when I would get an SNES game for my birthday and that game would need to last until Christmas months later. I remember playing for hours upon hours upon hours just to get through it. Oblitus reminds me of those times. You're going to work hard to beat this game. You're going to put a lot of hours into it and when you die it's going to crush you. There are no extra lives, there are no save points (that I've found). After you've played for an hour and gotten to your first boss and it kills you in one or two hits and you start all over at the beginning ... let’s just say I understand why this game has mixed reviews. If you're a casual gamer, if the phrase ""Nintendo hard"" dosen't have any meaning for you you might want to steer clear. If you're a Megaman, Dark Souls, Impossible Game, kind of a player; if you want to experience the high highs and the low lows that only gaming can bring, if you want to come home after a long day of work and disappear into a devastatingly hard game with an entrancing sound track, then here's something that's going to push all the right buttons."
76561198075872858,Recommended,306440,20771254,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Dentorhedge,"This game is divisive in a special way.  Each of its mechanics and their special executions can drive people away.  If you purchase it, set a 1.5 hour timer to check it out.  If you like it you may end up loving it, and if things don't feel right they may never.If you can even open the game.  The forums are filled with bug-complaints, and though the developer has tried to work people through it, there may be no more official patches because of the limited success this game has had.You may find the combat careful, nuanced, and varied, or you may find it sloppy repetative and ignorable.  It functions almost identically to Bastion's combat system, with platforming.  Medium-rate melee attacks, movable sheild that can be timed to deflect attacks, throwing your weapon, dodge-rolling, super-jumps, the whole thing.  You start off very weak, and will have to fight monsters and explore to find powerups, since going to quickly means entring tricky situations you might not be prepared for, though after a few powerups then it is easy to glide right through whole areas.You may think the randomized obstacles, monsters, and upgrades make replaying the game from the start each-time great fun, or the slight variations might mean nothing to you and make the journey into a trek.  What upgrades you earn early on may influence how you explore the surrounding areas, and the variation at the start of the game is the most important since you will need to enter nooks and crannies to scavange for items.I can only safely say that the aesthetic of the sound and visuals will almost certainly be pleasant, if not wonderful.  The soundtrack is free to listen to at Bandcamp, You-tube, and Loudr, and is downloadable at your own price.Because I know there are people who love it, and because I think it is a wonderful experience, and because if you aren't one of those people you can easily get a refund-- I recommend you give the game a shot."
76561198076603646,Not Recommended,306440,25117008,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Dad,"It was mildly fun, but it was too easy to cheese through the game and so little to see and do.The crudest most unpolished game I ever bought, art assets overlapping in weird ways, animations and controls inconsistent. (was not surprised by this, but it is still worth mentioning)Too easy to click outside the screen and when playing dual screen and no save for your current game.Did not pass the last boss, it was too hard, but the rest of the game was too easy.Recommended for: people who would get this for $3 and under, who like to explore worlds, regardless of the quality of the experience."
,Recommended,306440,14702210,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,№rti,"Oblitus is a very pretty platformer style game that has rogue like elements. The art style was the initial draw for me and it doesn't dissapoint. The soundtrack is just as colourful, lulling you into a sense of calm before piling on a little pressure at those critical moments.But what about the gameplay?For the most part, the controls are smooth. It's fun to dodge past attacks or block and retaliate. The primary focus is your spear and movement is key, I do feel the aim for throwing is a little janky at this moment but that could just be lack of experience with it. Upgrades within the game seem to compliment the movement based playstyle well and are just as key as dodging attacks in some cases.Death is going to happen, a lot and I think this is where it gets the Dark Souls comparison comes in. Each time you die, it's probably because you hadn't learnt that enemies moves, or you weren't thinking. It's challenging, in a less frustrating way than some OTHER games but I think as far as comparisons to Dark Souls goes, it should stop here. This game has its own feel and it is a challenge, yes, but in it's own way.Initially the menu was a little offputting, the font and loading screens didnt feel on par with how the game felt. Almost a little unfinished. I was also sad to find there's a lack of resolution or proper fullscreen but these are minor things, they just feel out of place given how well the levels, sprites, sounds etc are done. The length of the game isn't major either but given that there are a few achievements and a significant learning curve it balances out.In all I would strongly recommend this fun little game, but if you aren't sold on it now it's certainly worth the wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,306440,23884114,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rotlaust,"Most of this game is great. The visuals, world/level design, story seemed like it would shape up as I got further but a few things are severly lacking. Firstly there is no save game function. This means every time you want to play the game you're stuck starting from the begining with nothing. A design choice, sure. I get it. But the biggest problem with this design choice, my second major issue, is that the controls for mouse and keyboard are horrible. Its super cluncky, awkward and really holding me back from wanting to even play the game. Im not sure how the sheild is even supposed to function, sometimes it blocks other times enemies just walk right through it.  So collisions come into effect here adding to the awkwardness of moving and combat. I found the most effective manner of engaging enemies is to just continuously jump over them while throwing your spear at them other wise you risk the collision failing you and taking a hit that you clearly blocked. Maybe if this receives an overhaul I will repurchase it but for now its refund worthy."
,Recommended,306440,16613426,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Trib601,"It's fun and challenging but way to hard, one life and you don't really gain much life back. I would prefer if it had a more forgiving mechanic but it is a platformer after all. I will say that the underworld is COMPLETE bull♥♥♥♥♥♥.. ONE ♥♥♥♥ up and your hard work is destroyed......."
76561198101424631,Recommended,306440,14699724,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Spinax10,"Got the game on release, and wanted to spend some time with it to get used to it. Im not going to go very technical about it, and i will only state a few things. I like how the game unlocks other stuff after you beat it, similar to the binding of isaac, and i like the platforming and Dark Soul'ish feel about it. However, the only things I really dont like are once you get going, its really easy, at least the bosses are. Most of the bosses take 3 to 4 good hits, and they die. Also, in the final world of the game, thats the only place where there is instant death. I was in the middle of a playthrough, upgraded so much, and died in the lava at the bottom of it. But I can't really trash the game. It's a ton of fun, and I enjoy simple games, ones that are hard, and can be unforgiving. I give Oblitus a 8 out of 10, because of how interesting the graphics, and gameplay is. Once you get going, its more forgiving, but enemies are still very deadly. Oh, and for the devs: Just add more stuff, like more upgrades, areas, bosses, etc. Great game!"
,Not Recommended,306440,30016162,Posted: 18 February,all,Dark Sun Gwyndolin,"After reading curator reviews, I have to think that curators have been paid to give positive reviews. This game is just not very fun. I mean, if it were a free browser game, sure, waste time on it. But don't pay for it. All the other negative reviews will give you all the specifics, but I wanted to underline:- can't change options from inside the game- severely limited options- changing audio settings doesn't seem to actually do anything- no keybindingEssentially this IS a browser-type game (it even plays better with keyboard & mouse than controller). They just allow you to play it in a standalone client. No saving, no options, not much fun. It could have been a great metroidvania, but no. I'm honestly ashamed that Adult Swim even published this garbage, as literally every other game of theirs that I've played - which is most of them at this point - has felt worth the money.Don't buy this game.On the plus side, the art is pretty good looking, except for the enemies."
76561198120587172,Recommended,306440,15117687,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Swegmaster,"Alright game, if you don't like repetetiveness than this is not your game. You die a lot, and that can be annoying, but if you along for the ride then this game does somethings right. The bosses are not one of them.But i will list some pros and cons to make things a bit more organized:Pros: Great art, Good music, a cool looking character, cool looking enemies, ect.Cons:The first boss is pretty dang tough, you have to focus on a lot of stuff, mainly dodging a set of attacks, and then hitting the boss in a specified places, kind of ruins the experience. That is probably my only complaint, getting to that boss is annoying, and fighting him is worse.Overall 360/420, its alright."
76561198066800098,Recommended,306440,14719238,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,WannabeWallaby,"Oblitus ""the 2D Dark Souls"".I'll have the short version first then the indepth review below.The good:Permanent death.No check points.The art style is aesthetically pleasing.The controls are solid.The story is okay.One weapon.The bad:Very short game.Resolution can become pixelated in full screen/ framerate loss.Enemy's are often trapped outside of the range to attack you.Only four Bosses.Lack of enemys, I've only encountered about 15.Cannot see far below you.2 cents:I enjoy this game I think it has great potential to become something amazing. I bought this game simply because i've always enjoyed just about any game that adult swim games has produced. The permanit death is the only reason why I love this game. The constant thought of ""oh man if I mess this up I gotta' start over again"" playing in the back of my mind as I flawlessly kill boss after boss is what I love about this game.  I hope they never change the perma-death conecpt and never add check points, if you want check points or pats on the back for achieving nothing then go play Candy Crush. I wish they would add more enemy types, bosses, and levels. Also remove some of the OP enchantments like heavy armour/ invinciblity roll. I wish they'd add the ability to look down further, just so I could see if I as jumping in lava or safely on ground. I've had more deaths by lava then bosses.Dark Souls comparison.While yes the idea of collecting powerful souls for X to achive X is the story, and the controls are similar. They are not the same in gameplay. Dark Souls doesn't enforce perma-death. It also has checkpoints aka bonfires. Difficulty is not what comes to my mind with both games. Its more of a test of what you learned. Do you repeat the same strategy the same time over and over and expecting something to change? Or do you flex your tactics to succeed.? Both games stress that concept which many are so rejective towards. Oblitus also gives you ""perks"" that makes your journey even easier. This is based on your luck of the draw, but with one run I two shotted the smith. They snowball so drastically that you can almost litrally become unkillable. Dark souls does not have ""perks"" that you can grab to greatly effect your gameplay but a set of skills you can gradually improve.""Should I buy""?If your afraid of dieing then don't. You will have to repeat the game over and over until you beat all bosses or give up compeltely. There are no checkpoints or game saves. If you quit the game or die you have to start over. If you don't mind learning the controls and willing change tactics towards how you play the game, then by all means I would suggest it."
76561198020479238,Recommended,306440,14682431,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Plebeian Bob,"Don't want to read my badly written texts? Check out my review in video form!Pros:_The platforming feels fast and loose (in a good way): Rolling and jumping, particularly the long jump, creates a great sense of freedom as you launch yourself through the air._Combat is very Dark Souls-esque: You can attack, block, parry, chuck spears and more. It all feels impactful, if not a bit spammy at times. Not quite as tight as Dark Souls, but is pretty good._Randomly generated levels: If that's your kind of thing.Cons:_Control is a bit off: The control scheme is kinda janky. You need to use your right stick to aim, but also needs to press A and B to jump and roll. What this means is your right thump will have to constantly switch from the face buttons to the right stick. I suggest playing this with mouse and keyboard for a more natural feel._Combat can be bad at times: Although the design of the combat is pretty ok, the actually feel of combat is a bit bad. The hits and the spear throws feels nice, don't get me wrong. But enemy pattern aren't really interesting. The combat excels at 1v1 fights, though. So those are the best moments._The art style can be off-putting: I think the game looks bad. The main character design is the highlight, but other than him, the game doesn't look that appealing. But that's just like, my opinion, man.Overall, you would like this game if:_You like free-form platforming, where you just want to jump a really long distance going ""Whoo-hoo!""_If you like the art style._If you're into Dark Soul-ish 1v1 combat, but don't mind it not be as tight or interesting._If you're into randomly generated levels.Is it worth 15 bucks? Yes, for the cost of 5 cups of coffee, I think this is a pretty good game. Far from perfect, but it's pretty good if you have 15 bucks and a weekend.Shameless plugs time! Did you like my review? I do more than just that. I also have a YouTube channel where i do Let's Play as well as more reviews like these, but in video form. Come check it outhere. My channel is small right now, but I play on making it a regular thing, so hit that subscribe button to see more content. Thank you!"
76561198108638956,Recommended,306440,14682893,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Antinatorx11,"Oblitus is a very challenging and fun game. The Setting as very well done and the gameplay is extremely simple and easy to get used to within a a few minutes of playing. I love everything about this game but a few things.Cons:1.) When you quit the game you should NOT have to start all over from the beginning that is UN-ACCEPTABLE! I ruined an entire playthrough going far into the game because i had to quit the game. This needs to be fixed immediately!2.) There should be some type of checkpoint so if you do go well into the game you don't have to start all over. I get it's like a Perma(nant) Death Run type game but it's very annoying having a cheap death and starting from the beginning. It's also sily needing to DO EVERYTHING OVER AGAIN without any way to go to a different place if starting from the beginning again. The Randomely Generating Map at some areas does little to affect gameplay at most points! It would make more sense to have a checkpoint in very few areas maybe secret areas that you can only use once per playthrough.3.) It's pretty easy to juke and kill big enemies because the AI of enemies is pretty hilarious at some points not being able to jump to a simple ledge, just standing there, or forgetting you and walking away because they can't jump down a narrow spot where you can constantly attack/harass them without being hurt.4.) Fullscreen NEEDS TO BE FIXED! The resolution on fullscreen is AWFUL! Please fix this, the fullscreen also has issues where some of the UI like ""Press Space or A"" is coming off the screen along with the landscape making it harder to scout. I'm begging you to fix this5.) You cannot switch from Fullscreen to Windowed mode while in-game. Don't know why but there should at least be a settings for that while playing for easier access6.) Ben didn't get Smite. (Inside joke)Pros:1.) It is immensly fun and once again, challanging2.) Gameplay and movement is very fluid and engaging3.) Enemies are strong and sometimes unbelievably hard to fight hand to hand without using a strategy4.) Love the unique graphics and Doll like limbs, something i haven't seen in a very long time5.)  Landscape and water physics are done beautifully6.) If you played Dark Souls you will cry less when dieingOverall: I love this game. I absolutely think this game can be an award winner if they took the time and effort to really work on this game and fix what needs to be fixed along with possible graphic options, A FIX TO THE FULLSCREEN MODE, and more Content. I'm not gonna say it should or needs Co-op but if the developers are reading this i highly recommend trying it out! A Co-op in this game would be so much fun! No multiplayer just co-op. Easy 8.5/10. Love the hell out of this game!"
76561198248714336,Recommended,306440,34162200,Posted: 10 August,all,lucky_charm888,"At first, I didn't feel like buying it, but after I did and I played it, it felt like a pretty good game to play."
76561198058334484,Recommended,306440,14705512,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Maximus,"Needs DLC for save points or something. Besides awesome game,great music great art."
,Recommended,306440,14708302,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,rawpie | hellcase.com,"Hmmmmm..... Yes, i do RECCOMMED this game BUT,It would be better with a better GUI, A Auto save, and save feature and some directions :)"
,Recommended,306440,14712173,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Monte,"I recommend it but only buy it if its on sale, I just feel like the game lacks content, it can be completed in a few minutes, pretty fun though. Still a few bugs in the game that could be polished but overall its good."
76561198049930051,Recommended,306440,14750073,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,CozmicDred,"I was hesitant to buy thsi game due to the ""mixed"" rating... but I'm so glad I took the plunge. Although NO it is not ""roguelike"" i suppose it falls into that growing category of ""rogue-lite"" It does present differences from playthrough to playthrough, however small they may be. Different sets of enemies here... different terrain there. It isnt a lot but it's nice.Overall I can say that Oblitus has me wanting to come back to it. I haven't completed it yet... and I can't wait to! This is a rare thing for me. Usually I find myself bored quickly but witht the pleasing aesthetic of the game and the hardcore nature of it, I've yet to hit the bordom wall.Here is my first episode of it if you'd like to see it in action.[http://youtu.be/Oga8TuZbmys]"
76561198016166385,Not Recommended,306440,14846658,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,All_Of_The_Meat,"This feels like an old flash game. Theres nothing really enjoyable about it after you throw your first couple of spears. There is little direction or clear goals established throughout most the the area you will explore when you start. Its like the devs decided they wanted to make a game about throwing spears at giant seagulls, and this was the result... not much else to see hear."
76561198089074781,Recommended,306440,14716696,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Meriadoc,"I think about this game like a  mix between dark souls and the binding of isaac(or any game that have the same gameplay style). You basicly play this weird dude with a spear and try to make your way from boss to boss. Really nice game. The combat is enjoyable, hard and dynamic.If you want to buy this game be carefull because it crashes but the developpers have a way to temporary fix it for now(go to the forums).Pros-Nice music-Good combat system-Dark ambiance-Really cool artstyleCons-You can't play if you don't go to the forum-Jump mechanics a bit laggy (to jump the game makes tyour character stop wich breaks your momentum i find)Overall, a great game =)Edit:Cons-Lack a bit of diversity. Even if sometimes the path changes a bit or the upgrades change places, the playthrought is basically always the same. I am hoping the developpers will add more diversity in the future."
,Not Recommended,306440,14890823,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Telgar Drakore,"I am afraid I am going to have to give this game a no recommendation at this time due to price, but if Adult Swim drops the price then I think the game would be worth the price and would recommend it.  At the moment though, there is not enough game nor replayability for 15 dollars.The game does have a very hardcore combat system that can be fun at times and the spear system is fun to use, but the fact that most enemies just block your attacks mean the combat is little more then roll and throw, roll and throw with no real blocking or power throws allowed (the enemies will just block them).  The magic system is little more then minor enchantments and no additional combat options (beyond poison, burning or paralysis) and the procedural generation is a lie (the only thing procedural generated is where the bosses are...the map is pretty much always the same).This game is fun if it was only 5 dollars, but it is not worth it at 15.  Add a few more monsters and drop the price and you would have a great base to make a second game on.  Consider this a test in the genre and try against a second time."
76561198070067604,Not Recommended,306440,14984262,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Rust7,"A good platformer game, but 15€ is too much for it, specially because the controls should be a bit better, and the bosses much less easier, or at least more understandable - only recommended for hardcore adventure/platformers, for those, its probably a very good game!Overall Personal Rating: 6/10"
,Not Recommended,306440,15041500,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Idaguy,"Needs work.The fighting is mostly clunky and the level clears are very tedious after you've done them even once. Navigation is nigh impossible in the caves area and one wrong step because its dark and you will fall back down some awful pit and waste your time walking around in the dark trying to get back out. Equally as irritating in the skyforge area you can actually fall all the way back down into the starting area, resulting in more tedious fighting/navigating to get back to where you were. All in all I hope you beat the game on your first playthrough because it just gets repetitive from there on in."
76561198090599482,Recommended,306440,15029621,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,315425 119147,"---   Sideways Thumb   ---Solid title, but has its issues.Pros:+Cool art style+Decent music+Immersive atmosphere+Precise combat (for the most part)Preference Dependant:~Difficulty (not quite the level of Dark Souls)~Permadeath : You Die, you start the entire game over~Singleplayer OnlyCons:-Animations seem a little weird-No progress tracking (In combination with permadeath, dying means you get zero checkpoints, lose all items, and start from square 1)-While combat is accurate and functional, it is also clunkyOverall, if you enjoy a Dark Fantasy atmosphere with ""Dark Souls"" inspired combat, then I think you'll get your money's worth out of this game. If you're unsure, wait for it to go on sale.Score: 7/10"
,Not Recommended,306440,18803447,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Tillburg,+ Cool art- Poor animations- Combat feels bad
76561198035018019,Not Recommended,306440,18821968,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,A_Gulper_Eel,"I did not play this game for very long because the music made me want to kill myself, well I think its the music... maybe its the music and getting lost wandering in this ugly mess."
76561197961290981,Recommended,306440,14727757,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,synack,"Really fun game.Most of the procedural generation is to do with placing items around the map rather than terrain generation, however, game is still good. Permadeath makes the fairly brutal combat quite tense- however it's a little too easy to just throw your spear at every damn enemy."
76561197998554716,Recommended,306440,14763644,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,sketter99,good game
,Recommended,306440,14720581,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,NiggaDemonFlip,"Game is unforgiving as hell. I got to the first boss after looking for him for 30 minutes and promptly died. Remember how this is compared to a 2D Dark Souls? Suprise, rolling and blocking are your friend. Controls and combat are smooth. I give this game an honest 8.5/10. Now if you'll excuse me I have to stop myself from pulling the trigger and try to go another round."
,Recommended,306440,14748862,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,XDmonder,Very good. Felt like Dark souls in a good way. Id like it even more if we atleast had limited save slots.
,Not Recommended,306440,14690141,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Reunion Swamphen,"The idea behind the game is brilliant, 2D exploring with focus on combat in a dark souls environment should on paper be pure gold. Unfortunately the game doesn't pull it of...Here are my reasons to this harsh verdict,The combat:A platformer game should either be a free movement control with focus on dodgeing easy to spot objects, like rouge knight and super meat boy, or it should be a heavier controll with more focus on the right timing, like dark souls and smash bros. This game tries to find the middle way wihtout succeding. The result is a very free flying controll, with un-intuintive enemies and extravagant atack and defence mechanisms.The map:The artwork is beautiful but it trips on it self. It doesn't feel like I'm exploring a great world based on what I see and the limits to my character, it's more like I'm jumping where-ever and hope that it's the right path. After a couple of trial and errors you kinda get to the right place with some new equipment but without the feeling that you've learned or accomplished anything.Boss battle:I beat the first boss, it took me maybe 3 times to even see his different mechanics. Kinda the same problem as with the enemies, not really great but it was ok.The game got potential i give it that, but compare to well executed platformers out there It's not up to standard."
76561198149605200,Not Recommended,306440,14997499,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Shin,"this game is pre alpha, a very interesting combat style inspired by dark souls.however this game needs a lota of love.looking forward to future updates"
,Not Recommended,306440,15079645,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Big Blank,"""Huur that game is sooo like Dark Souls""NO.That game is nothing like Dark Souls. If you die, you restart at the very beginning, you don't have that overflowing despair, you're not fighting insane survivors, bloated, mutated monsters, crazy demons or undead.You don't walk around Arnor Londo, you don't fight giant armoured knights, you don't have an insane amount of weapons or armour to pick.That game is closer to Turrican than it is to Dark Souls, and whoever dare to compare them is a scammer trying to deceive potential buyers."
,Not Recommended,306440,14776064,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,reddar19,I found this game to be difficult to sink into. The lack of story and clear goals at the beginning coupled with the death/restart nature really make you question why you are playing this after a few rounds.
76561198081301506,Recommended,306440,19468348,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,gendoubleday,This game made me forget about my fat pig wife for a few hours. Then boom the ending and it's back to reality. Hell of a game.
,Not Recommended,306440,14703274,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Mendeleyev,"You die, you lose everything. Progress and upgrades, all gone.Not my cup of tea."
76561198117276369,Recommended,306440,14680311,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Shlerpdaderp,2d Dark Souls. 10/10 would die again.
76561198089619029,Not Recommended,306440,14682506,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Navarone,I tried to play oblitus with a ps4 controller and couldn't remap controlls can i get help
,Recommended,306440,18861779,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,57E,"First and foremost:¤ This is a game that you have to beat in one go with no deaths and quits, it has no saves and no checkpoints.¤ This not a roguelike, it just has some once randomized features in levels.What we have here is your old school  platformer, hard to the point that only reason I can recomend it is that it plays and controls well enough that I find myself coming back to it, despite of usually not getting further than beating the first boss.If any names have to be dropped they are Ghosts n' Goblins and original Castlevania, but the game doesn't really try to ape either of them.The levels are non linear and stay largely the same form game to game. The randomized parts of the levels are not the maincourse, but there to throw you curve balls when you get too used to taking a certain paths between objectives. Think less roguelike and more horror movie.You can't at first tell where the changing parts  are and the levels might seem the same for several games and then suddenly the scroll that you were going to take is replaced with a rare enemy and somehow you managed to get lost in a place you tought you knew becouse that one path you always took is now missing complitely. It get's to the point at times wehere you can't tell wether the game changed something or were you just imagining things.The playtrough always follows generaly the same line of go here then there, beat boss, get back and then go to the dungeon, but the locations you have to go change and you aren't prohibited of going off path to look for spells or enemies to kill for healing.A successfull palytrough would probably be a only a few hours at tops, but before you can pull that off you have to explore and practise with several failed tries. The game has no unlocks other than for the first time you beat the final boss, the only ""reward"" for failed runs is general scouting of the levels and enemies.At the time of this writing:The game has no graphic options expect window or fullscreen and the window can be a bit small if your desktop resolution is equal or larger than 1920*1080.There are no rebindable controls and the deffault setup for controller makes aiming while jumping harder than on keyboard and mouse. Then on the other hand, on keyboard the 'W' key is jump which 'may' take some time to get used to if you prefer the jump -key to be far away from the left & right movement keys.If you are yet not bored of reading...Some useful notes about gameplay:Parvus can jump fairly high, roll and block with his shield. Moving around as much as possible is vital in short range combat as you can get stun locked and killed rather quick by even the easiest enemies.Your only weapon is your spear and you can stab and throw it freely in any direction. When thrown the spear will shortly reappear in your hands after a short time, but you can pick it up instantly by touching it. You can lit your spear on fire at torches to do more damage for a short while and you can pick up fruits to add permanent effects on the spear like the previously mentioned fire or ice.You collect glowing scrolls to obtain permanent enchantments that have randomized effects varying from passive like making the spear recall time shorter or making the ground burst on flames  the spot you land, to active like holding the shield key in mid air to do damage when diving on enemies.You restore your health a slightly  each time you kill an enemy.You can get you health fully restored by glowing corpses, but they are one use and rather rare.No fall damage, but instant kill lava on some levels."
,Recommended,306440,18633626,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,[GWJ]AshenOne,"I highly recommend this game If you enjoy the rouge-like genre or the Dark Souls franchise. It is challenging but not unfair, and the procedural aspect makes every run exciting and varied. Though the game does start from scratch every time you play, you will unlock new enchantments that are factored into the procedural formula permanently.Each new game you will be tasked with seeking out a harbinger in one of the games 4 major locations. Once located the harbinger will task you with seeking out and killing a boss. That boss's soul will give you access to the final area of the game.As you build knowledge of the environments and improve your skill as a player you will progress further and further. Each game will play differently based on the world composition and enchantments available. Do not get discouraged by death. It is a core part of the game and makes it all the more satisfying when you finally defeat the final boss."
,Recommended,306440,14760806,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,TacticalFX,"First of all, I wouldn't compare it to Dark Souls at all. The only similarity I've found was the ""You died"" screen if you, well... died.Other than that, I really enjoyed it. The bosses were refreshing (sometimes a bit too easy), the ares were quite nice and the soundtrack is amazing as well. You can get many different upgrades for your weapon and you'll get even more enchantments after multiple playthroughs. ""Multiple playthroughs? That sounds like a lot of time!"" you may think and here is my only downside of this game:It's much too short. Seriously, on my second completed playthrough I already got the ""Speedrunner"" achievement, that means I've completed it in under 25 minutes. I got all achievements for this game and I think I played through it somewhere around seven or ten times, but even then I only needed around six hours in total. Granted, after my second playthrough I only killed the necessary bosses and not all of them, but still...All in all I really enjoyed this game and I can definitely recommend it!"
76561198214388604,Recommended,306440,14767048,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,chrisarias24,the game crashs when i try to play
