user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197994641567,Not Recommended,306550,12999323,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Zen Tractor,"Runers has high hopes, and a fantastic spell crafting system, but is held back in just a few too many ways.The game is full of strange design decisions.  For example rune combiners are needed only for new spells.  This means that early on in your play of Runers you will find yourself unable to create many complex spells, and once you have died a few times and unlocked a lot of spells, you find yourself with combiners falling out of your pockets.  My question is why?  Surely the game would play better if combiners were always required but were more common?  Then you'd have to be careful about which complex spells you created, and would make each run more varied.Then there's the fact that drops are completely random.  I can kill an air mage and get an earth rune!  There's no rhyme nor reason for anything, and as such each run tends to blur together.Sound levels are also just strange.  Some enemies are much much louder than others.  Some barely audible, others annoyingly loud.  And this happens on every single 'I got hit', not just for special attacks or anything.  Oh, also, your character doesn't have a 'I got hit' noise.  That's rather important, and yet entirely missing.  The music is really quiet.  Again, this is odd because they sell a soundtrack edition, so clearly they're proud of it.You can rebind keys*.  You will want to do this, since hitting 1-4 while using wsad to move is rather lethal.  *Caveat: However, you can't rebind the left and right click spells.  Which is odd, because they end up being the spells you click the least often, since they have an autofire option.The whole pace of the game is bloody fast.  It's a test more of reaction speed than skill, most of the time.  The main thing is movement speed.  You move fast, your enemies move fast.  So fast, in fact, that it's hard to control.  The game suggests that you can use destructible objects as cover, but I genuinely had a hard time stopping behind them with any sense of consistency.  It's that fast.  I don't think this is a good thing, not at all.There can be a lot going on in fights, and you just don't have the time to comprehend it.  After level three there's a miniboss, called the bombadier.  He throws bombs.  Makes sense, right?  Except that he also throws fans of knives.  And he also summons randomly spawning rocks throughout the room.  And also there's at least four different types of bombs he spawns.  Also he can run very fast, and spends most of his time off-screen while you're frantically trying to figure out if this bomb explodes in a + or an X, so you can't even throw incidental damage at him while dodging.  And this is just a miniboss!Enemies can spawn in huge clusters right near the doors, giving you no time to react.  If you get mobbed you're kind of in a spot.  Unless you have a knockback spell equipped then you have to physics your way out of them.  It's nice that youcanpush enemies around, but the game is so quick that often it's all you have time to do.When you level up, the game waits to tell you until after the fight.  This is pretty great.  It automatically pops up the box that gives you the choice of perk and you don't have to worry about getting mobbed the moment you click one.  However, the game also doesn't let you click anything until it finishes playing the 'you levelled up' ditty.  It just... stops for a moment.The spells.  My goodness, the spells are so good.  You can make one-, two- or three-element spells, with repeats allowed.  The game tells me that's a total of 285 spells, and I believe it.  You start off knowing all of the one-element spells, and I have crafted all of the two-element ones and a half-dozen of the threes, and they're very well varied.  There's direct damage spells, aoe spells, buffs, debuffs, you name it.This is where the wonderful variety of statistics comes into play.  You have damage and bullet speed and bullet duration and size and dot damage and knockback to name just a few that appear on spells, and then characters have movespeed and health and armour and elemental skill and crit chance and density and so many others that there is just a whole heap of room for spells to be different in!  It's great!The game makes you feel like a pretty badass wizard, and I have to commend it for that.  It's really fantastic in that respect.  It's one of the best games I've ever played like that.Level design is good and varied.  Each arena is different enough to feel interesting, and the enemies with zones of effect are just the right size to have an impact and let you play around.Enemy AI seems pretty smart.  If you go invulnerable then they run away from you.  They can try to dodge bullets, especially elites.Bosses are hugely varied, but, again, perhaps a little too busy.  There is an awful lot going on in any boss fight, and it gets very hard to follow very quickly.  This was my experience in the first boss I encountered:  ""Oh, so he's immune to damage?  Okay, I'll wait it out.  It's not ending.  Oh, so I can stand on his head to hurt him.  King of the hill, no problem.  Okay, so those are knockback attacks bouncing around.  Makes sense, this is the storm boss.  Okay, so bouncing off the walls deals damage?  or is it those red areas?  Okay, so dodging is hard when his face covers the spells, but almost down to the last quarter and- oh.  Dead.  So he shoots lightning at the end, centred on his head, where I had to have been standing to damage him up until this point.  Well that's good to know if I ever have to fight him again.  Back to floor one again.""  And this hasn't been an isolated incident, this has happened with just about every boss.  There's just no way of knowing what the attacks are going to do, or what hurts or where to stand.  There's no telegraphing.I encountered a fair number of bugs, but the devs seem to be working on most of them.  It's a small team, so this is entirely understandable and I don't hold it against them.And now for the nail in the coffin.  My final comment:  The art is...  There's no two ways about this: it's really bad.There is a grand total of one, yes: one, casting animation.  In a game about casting spells.  A firepit is a reddish smudge, a mudslide is a brownish smudge, ice is, you guessed it, a bluish smudge.  An air elemental, a creature, is a whitish smudge  Every other creature in the game is done in pixel art, but not the air elementals.  This is probably my biggest gripe with the game.  I think that hiring a professional artist could double, perhaps even triple the quality of the game.Now you could argue that it's going for a ""retro pixel style"", but that doesn't stop it from being a terrible example of such.  The only animations that you ever see are: walking in the four cardinal directions, walking while shooting in four cardinal directions.  And notice that that's the direction you're shooting.  The animation's the same no matter which way you're going if you're shooting, say, to the right.  That's it, that's all there is.  And it's not even a particularly good walk animation, just leg up, leg down.  Standing still is even just a still frame from the walk animation, as far as I can tell.So, the verdict.  Is it worth your money?  Not at the moment.  Perhaps after a few patches, and preferably a makeover, then I could recommend it, but not as it currently stands.I will edit this review if anything changes."
,Recommended,306550,12598735,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Xelios,"Runers is a top-down, may-as-well-be-twin-stick shooter with roguelike qualities, including permadeath. Contrary to what you might have expected after glancing at the screenshots, the game doesnotfeature traditional loot, consumables, equipment or an inventory system, other than what’s required to craft spells. With this in mind, I didn’t expect it to have much depth but was pleasantly surprised to be proven at least partly wrong.The main attraction here is the magic system that lets you combine a catalyst with one to three runes from eight elements to create 285 different spells. Most results are unique in both animation and effect and generally fall under buff, debuff, direct single-target damage, area of effect, or some combination thereof. Spells can be further upgraded in power by dragging duplicate runes of the same element onto them, which augments their damage, knockback, cooldown, bullet size and speed. Runes, and the catalysts needed to combine them, drop from enemies and destructibles and are presented as a reward option when descending floors.Spell quick slots are limited, maxing out at six after you’ve beaten a few minibosses, and excess spells must be in one of two storage slots or discarded. Two primary spells can be set to autofire so that they blast toward your cursor each time the cooldowns are up, which really makes casting feel like a twin-stick shooter without actual twin-stick support. Spell quality varies wildly with a few feeling overpowered, many feeling useless, and most falling somewhere in between. Casting does not consume resources and is only limited by cooldowns, so it’s fun to experiment with different builds.Adventuring begins with choosing a difficulty, a racial passive ability, a class that determines your activatable special ability, and a starter spell (or, in roguelike fashion, just hit “random” and let the game decide these things for you). After this, you’ll be placed in a ten-floor dungeon with a toggleable map overlay that shows which rooms you’ve visited and any items you’ve left behind.Enemies often feel just as, if not more, powerful than you because they cast the same spells available to you and can quickly fill your debuff bar. Combat involves a lot of running in circles as a result, dodging projectiles like you’re in bullet hell while slinging your own spells toward the pack of enemies that’s chasing you. Emerging as the victor will unlock the exits in that room and let you progress to the next. Rinse and repeat. The bulk of Runers’ depth and imagination went into its magic system and there isn’t much in the way of surprises outside of that. There are really only three room variants in the game: rooms containing a throng of enemies, a boss or miniboss, or a challenge (which is often just another throng of enemies whose conditional defeat rewards you with a perk).Upon leveling up or completing a challenge room, you get to choose between four perks that are drawn randomly from a huge pool. With a few exceptions, these bonuses are more about augmenting your spells to be as deadly as possible and less about traditional character stat building. Even though death is permanent, a runedex keeps track of all the spell combinations you’ve unlocked thus far and a bestiary does the same for all the enemies you’ve encountered. There are also leaderboards for each difficulty and 30 optional, standalone challenges.As long as you delve into Runers with an open mind and no expectations of it cleanly fitting into a particular genre—and you’re prepared to deal with the difficulty of projectile hell—you should enjoy the ride."
76561198091259618,Recommended,306550,12687694,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,smolleydee,This game seems simple but you can put an incredible amount of time and get an incredible amount of fun out of it. The creative method of making spells that this game uses makes it fun to discover new spells every time you play and encourages you to think out what spells you'll use each playthrough. This game I would recommend to anyone.
,Not Recommended,306550,12575528,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,IcePotato,"Spell combining + twin stick shooter is a REALLY AWESOME formula. Unfortunately it's dragged down by poor balance, non-existent level design, and boring enemy AI. It really needs another round of solid mechanic improvements before I can reccomend it."
,Recommended,306550,25427713,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Runersis very interesting roguelite that does a lot right.Essentially, you attack by using spells and the main novelty of the game is that you hand-craft spells by using various combinations of runes that you collect.You carry several spells at once. This makes for some really wild spells/attack combinations that actuallyfeeland look and act drastically different. Yeah, you have your run-of-the-mill fireball spell, which is simple to make, but further down the line you may craft a wave of fire that moves in a DNA-strand-like pattern across the screen. It gets crazy.But, there are rough edges.The Great:+This has spell creation like no other game I've played. You really do feel like the crafting is endless, and they do really act and feel different.+Definately an addictive factor here.+Meta-game upgrades also keep you coming back for 'just one more run'.+Controller support is solid.The Bad:-Enemy AI is boringggggggg. While different enemies have different patterns technically, they generally don't feel differentenough.-Artwork is nice, but overall I feel its too small.-Level layout is fairly 'meh'. Yeah, it's random, but its also boringgggggg.The Ugly:--Music and sounds are really rough. Sound effects range from cringe-worthy to find-the-mute-button.Definatley worth the money for my roguelite friends.They got enough right here to overlook the bad parts."
76561198102037015,Recommended,306550,13835781,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Piggywinkle,"Runers is an amazing combination of discovery and rogue-like gameplay. You use 1-3 of 10 different types of runes to create hundreds of spells. Of the 285 spells you can only discover a handful per run, and runs can take hours. In other words, this game's element of discovery can last hundreds of hours.The spells are incredibly unique and versatile. You'll find that they fit into general categories and serve similar purposes, but that no two spells are the same. You can also upgrade the spells you have created by using additional runes on them. This doesn't simply upgrade damage or cooldown time though, but any of a number of aspects of a spell including but not limited to: buff duration, radius, force, speed, knockback, stun duration, and even ""leash elastic."" Clearly not all spells will have every one of these and more aspects, but how a spell can be upgraded is just as important as how it first appears.For me the best thing about this game is that it is a rogue-like with meaningful general progression. Usually in rogue-likes, once you die you start over and very little will have changed other than your knowledge of the game. In this game you might discover a very useful spell on one run and feel great about your progress even without winning or performing well.A really important thing to understand about the mechanics of this game is the meaning of ""discovery."" Creating a spell for the first time does not simply mean adding a new ""recipe"" to your runedex that you could have just looked up on a wiki. You need combiners to create spells for the first time, afterwards you can create those spells using only the required runes. Combiners have another possible use though, in that you can break them to gain experience. I can't stress enough how important it is to be aware of this aspect of the gameplay. If you look through the discussions you will find many, many people who didn't become aware of this until they had put many hours into the game.I definitely plan on completing my runedex so there's no way I couldn't recommend this game.I should also add that this game has a pretty cool soundtrack."
,Recommended,306550,12756385,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Talonheart,"Definitely a fun, neat twist on the Rogue-like genre. Lots of variety in characters and customability, and the whole rune crafting system for your spells is a nifty idea. What's more, the fact you save your Runedex progress even after your perma-deaths let you know what spells were worth it and which ones weren't. It's hard, but still definitely fair, and I highly recommend this due to its unique play flavor."
76561198027181032,Recommended,306550,11958525,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,SordidOctopus,"Experience with dev support and suggestions on how to resolve technical issues with the game made me change my stance here.While the frantic pace of some of the rooms in this roguelike can be difficult to deal with, especially with the lack of rune combiners early on, the game is still pretty fun and the spell creation/discovery mechanic is something that I enjoy greatly.Certainly worth sinking a bit of time into."
76561198020934519,Recommended,306550,11964199,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,leqesai,"Runers is a roguelike very much reminiscient of The Binding of Isaac. You slowly power up as you venture, through rooms, deeper into the meat of the game.Runers is challenging. Heck, it is downright brutal. After three hours I finally beat the first boss (and mostly because I fought one of the easier bosses) only to die right away in the next area because it introduced stuff I'd not yet seen. That's what makes these games great, when they can hit you with a curveball just as you begin to think you can hit a homerun.The rune system of developing spells is pretty intriguing, albeit very tricky just starting out. I am noticing that entire runs can be dedicated to trying different combinations of runes hoping to find that one spell that really accents my playstyle. The rune system is interesting, furthermore, because it challenges you to decide between upgrading your current spell and building a new one altogether which, if you're a newbie, is kind of like playing a slot machine.There are definitely flaws with the game, however. It doesn't have that level of polish that the Binding of Isaac has, nor does it really feel flushed out and well balanced. The art is consistent and classic-style, which is great, but it gets lost in the level design. The maps are pretty much all the same, on the levels I played. Rooms are slightly different looking but there are only a handful of room types and things that might happen in those rooms. You've got the boss room, normal rooms, and challenge rooms. All of which might spawn as an aura room, but for the most part you're looking at only three room variants. Hopefully in a future patch we'll see this expanded upon, as it is certainly one of the major lowpoints for the game right now.The music is solid, and the controls feel  well thought out. There is currently no controller support which is a bummer, but it plays just fine without. I do have one complaint, however, with the keybinds for hotkey spells. With all the frantic action it is incredibly frustrating to stop what you're doing to hit a hotkey. If you're using your mouse buttons to fire your primary spells then the hotkeys will not (at least not for me) activate properly. You've got to stop moving or stop firing to shoot off the hotkey spells which makes them near-useless.Great game and I'm sure we'll see my concerns addressed in future patches."
,Not Recommended,306550,23274790,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,The Z Dude,"This game has a lot of potential! It really does. But the many problems make it frustrating to play.1.  The drop rates.All items seem to drop at unreliable rates. I sometimes got too many health pickups to use, or so little I have no ability to regain health. The combiners are the worst offenders of this. They are required to make new spells, but the drop rate seems so low that getting them is rare, and once you actually get a combiner, you get some useless spell you can't use even if you want to. More on that later.2. The rooms. Everything about them.The concept of randomly generated rooms (in this particular game) is really cool and sound like tons of fun. The problem  comes from how the generation is designed. In every room there are around 6-8 destructibles. These destructibles drop items on occasion. Seems pretty good right? The problem is that each destrucible takes many hits to destroy, so you just sit there blindly shooting it until it's gone. If I wanted to be bored, I would go outside. The enemies are also a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ They're not challenging, they're unfair. What you will find yourself doing most of the time is running around in a circle, while enemies chase you at great speeds. This gets very boring. In some rooms, enemies spawn right next to the door, and you immediately get ganged up on, taking vast amounts of inescapable damage.3. The spells.In order to create new spells, you need a combiner. These are hard to get as mentioned above. When you do get a spell, you have no clue what it is. Having some hints could be cool, but you get none. (As a side note, almost every spell using entropy runes is worthless.) Many spells are also not worth getting. Many spells are situational, which is ok, but since you have limited slots for spells, you end up getting the same spells you always get and sticking with those. This destroys the need for spellcrafting. Why create new spells when you already know what spells you are going to get?This game has enormous potential, but is held back by many design flaws."
,Recommended,306550,11964095,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,shoggofu,"I’d played this game for roughly two hours before writing this, it’s good.- With the large number of races, classes, procedurally generated maps, random loot and huge number of different spells you can create there is a lot of variety to the gameplay- Because of all the choice presented in character generation and spell creation you a fair have amount of freedom to play the way you wanthttp://youtu.be/Pk9knk_-S-0http://youtu.be/GE8qjJ47gkIYou have the choice of undertaking a series of tutorials ranging from basic movement to spell creation. These worked well and didn’t take excessive time.-----When starting a new adventure game you select you race which benefits a unique passive ability such as regenerating health after damage is taken or increasing your damage when your health is low. Then you select a class which provides you with an unique active ability, as well as determining your appearance. Active abilities have long cooldowns and give you powers such charging attacks or an aura which stuns enemies.-----You then choose your basic spell before beginning your adventure. The environment you will find yourself in is made up of series of rooms. Most rooms contain random hostile creatures which you must defeat in order to leave the room and enter another adjacent room. One room on each level houses a downwards staircase which will take you to the next more difficult level.-----At the start of each level you will have the choice to continue playing or to save and exit. Apparently you can only load a save once, so you cannot attempt the same instance repeatedly.-----On death hostile creatures or destructible objects may drop healing items or a random rune. There are several kinds of runes such as shock, fire, cold and so on. You can then use a single rune or combine two or three different runes of any combination to create new spells. The spell created depends on the runes used and will be unknown to you prior to combining multiple runes. Most spells are projectile attacks but some are more unique and have different effects.-----To use spells that you have created you must assign them to slots which correspond with mouse buttons or hotkeys. You are usually able to hold down both mouse buttons and hot keys simultaneously to alternatively cast spells. A quick firing spell can fire several times before the cooldown of slow firing spell is up. Spells can be upgraded by investing more of the same runes into them.-----By the default the hotkeys are number keys one to four. These are actually difficult to use while you are controlling your movement with the WASD keys. Because enemies move fast and you basically need to constantly move to avoid them. But you are able to rebind the hot keys to something that suits you better.-----Your character will gain experience and level up as your progress through the dungeon. Each time you level up you have the choice of four random perks, which vary in their usefulness. Some seemed to have negligible effects such as a small damage buff but others had valuable utility such as stunning all enemies once you reached critically low health.-----The game is fairly challenging. I played through three or four times and usually only made it to level three. I only made it to a boss one time, it had a really interesting attack sequence. On death you will lose your experience and spells. However knowledge of new spells created and new creatures encountered will be added to the runedex bestiary for future reference.So the graphics are quite basic, reminiscent of old 2D console games. But I thought the game looked fine. There is a quite a bit of variety in the types of creature you encounter and the look of the different spells you can cast. I think it would nice if the graphical and sound effects made the spells feel a bit more dramatic and feel more powerful.-----Upon entering one stage I was presented with a little bit of dialogue. So I think there might even be a touch of narrative in this game, but that’s basically all I encountered of that nature.There is quite a bit to this game. Playthroughs take half an hour to an hour or more. I only scratched the surface of the game in two hours. There are 7 more levels that I didn’t complete, a lot more enemies that I didn’t come face to face with and so many combinations of runes that I wasn’t able to experiment with. I enjoyed playing it and definitely recommend checking it out.Clickherefor my YouTube gaming channel"
76561198032557369,Not Recommended,306550,17000672,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,koeslter,"Grade: CIt's not bad... and that's about it. There are three major problem with this game that made it hard for me to enjoy it. And there are no spells with tentacles, meh.Pro: Some of the spells are cool to use... but read on.Con:1. Unbalanced Combinators drop rate. You need combinators to make powerful spells. But the drop rate is so unreliable that I've had many runs with an inventory full of runes but no way to combine them.2. Some spells are just stupid. There are what, 280 something spell comabinations to make? So the game wants us to experiment and try out new spells - that's good! But you don't know what you'd get UNTIL you've made the spell (wasting the runes and the valuable combinators)! Some spells are not only underpower/worthless, and some can be downright dangerous. Like a trinity combination ""Pyromaniac"" (fire, mind, speed) that basically stops you from casting other spells, but the spell itself is highly unpredictable. WTF? This game has A LOT of these useless spells. And there's not a damn thing you can do with the new spells you don't like. If you make a game that requires us to make new spells, then don't punish us for doing so!3. Character leveling is underwhelming, and intentional gimping of spell slots. You can pick 1 out of 4 random perks on leveling up. Some of them needs other perks to synergize with, that's fine. But some perks are just useless, and buggy. The ""ghost"" perk or whatever it's called can bug out if you level it up too many times (something like level 8 or 9). As for the spell slots - you can only have 3 active spells that shots constantly, i.e. you have 6 spells equiped, even if all of them are fresh with no cool down, you can only fire 3 of them at once. Doesn't mater if you mesh the buttons. Now imagine you have all these cool spells at your disposal - but you can only pick 3 at a time. I guess the developers wanted us to slot in some longer Cool Down spells... The design may have worked well IF we actually get to choose the runes and spells we'd be getting. WIth bad luck, you could have all low Cool Down spells. It's just fustrating.I'm not even to go into the level and AI designs. It's fun for a short while, but once the novelty wears off, I simply see no reason to return to the game."
76561198053975700,Recommended,306550,30485412,Posted: 12 March,all,Erebus,"To briefly review the game as a whole:Runers is a rogue-like 2D dungeon based game (similar to Binding Of Isaac, but more fast paced). Your attacks are created through runes you find and combine, which have single, double, and triple spells. There are also various combinations of passive and active abilities that you can choose from at the beginning. Fight through 10 rooms, 4 bosses and hordes of enemies.Pros:Hundreds of spells that can be made provide tons of incentive to play and experiment. A solid tagging system for spells allows you too create spells in a create category, even if you don't know exactly what it does.High replayabilty and challenge. Many challenge modes and secrets to unlock, probably hundred of hours to unlock everything.Fun, fast and interesting spells that enemies can use (which can always be discovered by you) which create unique challenges every room.Local Multiplayer makes for great games with friends.Cons:Can be tedious to unlock tier 3 spellsBoss difficulty not well scaled. Some bosses massively more difficult than other of the same tier.Many spells are realistically non-viable, though may be better with specific buildsRNG can easily kill you (many of your death may come as a complete surprise)No online playOverall, a very fun game if you like rogue-likes with high diversity and replayability7/10"
76561198031724543,Not Recommended,306550,19955525,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,manollette,"Fun game, but frequent issues with game crashes and corrupted save data."
,Recommended,306550,11965724,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,NoVa,"fun as hell, tons of replayability, nothing like mixing and matching elements to create spells. very fast paced, and optional high difficulty. the lower difficulties are still playable for those who suck at twitch gaming, but still want to unlock things and play through for achievements"
,Recommended,306550,12004473,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Commander,"One of the best rogue-likes i've played in recent history. It's a nice combination of  bullet hell, dungeon crawler, rogue-like, perma death. The basic idea is that you pick a race and special ability. Then you crawl the dungeon as you gain perks and runes. Runes can be combined with other runes to form spells.Highly recommend to anyone who likes Rogue Legacy, Binding of Isaac, Mojo, Rogue, etc."
,Not Recommended,306550,14458295,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ZauberWeiner,A decent game overall but it needs some work. It tries to be a bullet hell kind of game but in the later levels it just turns into a incomprehensible mess of flying death. Too many tash or uesless spells. Nice idea but in the end it just gets fustrating.
,Not Recommended,306550,31181061,Posted: 16 April,all,KrudlerTheHorse,"A unique and ambitious concept paired with the top-down shooter genre.  This is a game that Ideeply want to likebut cannot due to myriad poor design choices that pull the whole game down.I agree with the bulk of what is expressed in other positive/negative comments so I'll try not to repeat those and just add my flavor.- Ludicrous design choices like thedoesnt-make-an-ounce-of-sensecontrol scheme- Random... so effing random.  Yes we need random in games, butbalancedrandom- Atrocious shooting and enemy sounds.  Primaries on auto-fire should play a melodic and quiet harmony, not an ear-piercing squeal with every bullet that flies (5+ per second!)- Clunky and non-intuitive spell crafting, odd since this is the game's entire hook and premise- Physics-based bonus mini games where the physics pretty much don't work given the game's control scheme- Why so zoomed out - the hero/foes are the size of antsI hate this game.  But I want to love it with all my heart."
76561198017912895,Recommended,306550,12578453,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Smuckas,"quite the fun game! still could use some tune ups here and there but for someone looking for a fast paced run and gun-ish experience its solid! the powers combination is what got me hooked (im hoping they make ""combiners"" a more frequent drop, only because it has felt like i crawl from floor to floor just hoping to find one) as of right now expect a solid gameplay but a barebones experience, this experience will be a nice addition to your rogue style games"
76561198005303635,Recommended,306550,11962441,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Nazerathe,This game is AWESOME
,Recommended,306550,11973171,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Lord Denley,"Even excluding that I (loosely saying) know one of the creators, it is a fun game. Learning how to play is easy. Tutorials are given simply. Gameplay is simple yet actionous. Just get it bro"
,Recommended,306550,14594498,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,DevBat,"A really good mix between Magicka and Binding of Isaac.The difficulty may be a little high, but the game itself is very enjoyable.I highly recommend this game."
76561198049966313,Not Recommended,306550,14957454,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SurfBOT,"On first sight I thought this would be an interesting game. Sure enough it has an interesting concept, however the implimentation of it doesn't seem very successfull. You will find that most spells you discover are just plain useless either because they are too weak or don't make sense against the AI. Another big problem is that you depend on using 5 different spells at the same time. This itself is not a problem, but I really couldn't enjoy it since there isn't a comfortable control ""layout"". I ended up having to bind 2 spell hotkeys to different buttons on my mouse and using 1 hotkey on the keyboard for spells with long cooldown.The bossfights seem to be pretty nice, I can't say this for all of them since I only did the first 3 before I stopped playing the game, but I got to say that they were enjoyable and unique.All in all I would not recommend this game, simply because it feels unpolished and not comfortable to play."
76561198036212216,Recommended,306550,11956071,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Ameretat,"I'm a huge fan of top-down roguelikes, and this is one of the best I've seen yet (Although The Binding will always hold a special place in my heart). The customization options are huge (285 unique spells to be discovered? Best get started) with the ability to select not only your race, but your class. All of which are varied and interesting (And so far, fairly balanced which is surprising) That, alongside talents you can pick every time you clear a floor, or level up (with enemys getting random bonuses as well) hell, you even get to pick your own starting spell, which is always nice (So far, much love to shock!)The difficulty curve is what you can expect from this genre, brutal at the start, but fair. You'll die. A lot. But it's never the game tricking you. Every death is a learning experience.Back to this specific game, the replayability factor is huge, due to the previously mentioned customization options, as well as the leaderboards. Come on, who doesn't like to see their name up in lights? Ok, so you might not be able to rank it in the global top 10, but there's always personal bests/friends high scores. The challenge system also adds further layers of depth, which is great.The soundtrack, I'm a fan of personally, and the graphics, while basic...serve the purpose. Considering the pricetag on this game, I'd strongly suggest picking it up.All in all, I could sum it up in just a few words; If you even have the slightest interest in this style of game, even if this is your first...try the Demo. Right there, on this page. Up a bit...no, bit more up...to the right...right a bit...there it is!You'll thank me later."
76561198014810733,Recommended,306550,11974615,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,montalvo,"This game is pretty fantastic, and seems to offer a good amount of depth.  At first combat is pretty much all about crowd control and trying to hit things while staying in motion.  Eventually you get an idea of which enemies you should be shooting first, and I'm sure choosing the right spells will become important once I figure out what more than 5% of them do.It does come with standard roguelike caveats, of course.  You aren't guaranteed to get the stuff you want, some rooms will spawn you in the middle of a horde of monsters that bite your face off, and so forth.  Life isn't fair, but at least it's short :PAlso, it's hard to go wrong when you can play a free demo.  With all of the games waiting for me in my library, I probably wouldn't have picked this up except that playing the demo for several hours sent this one straight to the front of the queue.  The demo will do a much better job reviewing the game for you than I can, so check it out!  All of the progress I made in the demo (discovered spells, achievements, and such) transferred over when I launched the full game, which was a nice touch."
,Recommended,306550,11964547,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Full Metal Jackass,"A shoot'em'up wearing RPG gowns. Really.Remember those old shumps where you had to pick up the power ups before starring the game? Same mechanics here, you pick up your hero, pick up a shot style, a modifier and there you go.Character classes are meh, most of them not so useful.Enemy waves are separated by unique procedural rooms, that makes pattern learning impossible, and this is why it is vicious, but it is fun and clever.So far, balancing is great.The more you play, the harder and complex it becomes, and this is exactly why it's good.Oh, the runes? Yup sometimes you ran into those and then you try using them effriciently but the learning curve is steep, lot of luck involved. Worth it tho.Overall, its a good, solid videogame with a good replay value."
76561197973249260,Recommended,306550,12009035,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Grim,"I have been waiting for this game since the Spellcraft Mod for Warcraft 3. Magicka came close, but I felt more like I was modding each power (ex: add fire to beam, add water to rock) rather than discovering new spells (the spell books thrown at you instead). I can't wait to complete the runedex. I've learned all the double spells so far, and loving the sheer power of triple.The game is tough, but it gets easier as you find your play style and preffered spells. Beware the challenge rooms, they are only for the highest skills."
,Recommended,306550,12120843,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,madpear,"Runers is a great game for folks who want a challenge and a multitude of strategies to defeat it.  My recommendation to first-timers is to do the tutorials once before you start, then again after a few hours of gameplay.  You'll be grateful you did since coming up with your own winning build requires a good understanding of the mechanics, the more advanced of which are best learned once you have a good understanding of the basics.  The game is challenging, both in gameplay and in build-creation.Here's a quick example of the diversity of the game.  There are 285 possible spells, of which I have discovered just under 100, and already I have 3 or 4 high-powered builds that are capable of winning (at least on the easier difficulties).  Throughout the game, you will complement these skill-builds with a set of unique abilities you acquire from accomplishing various in-game feats (e.g. completing a floor, defeating a boss, succeeding at an ""event room"", leveling up).  You can base the abilities your spells or your spells off your abilities, but certainly you will want to think about how they will pair with each other to make your character perform best.As far as the enemies, I haven't counted, but I would say there are well over a hundred unique types.  Developing a strategy on how to approach each enemy type is another critical part of succeeding.  The game is not easy to win, even on the ""easy"" difficulties, so be prepared for a challenge.  Once you get to know the majority of the mob types, you will find yourself laughing in the face of enemies that you used to curse for their ridiculous difficulty!  Except for bosses... Boss fights are just as diverse as the ""normal"" room fights, with what seems to be at least a few dozen different bosses that you can encounter.  These will range from ""Oh, I can easily beat this guy when he does such-and-such"" to ""I'll never beat this guy!"" (don't worry, you can definitely beat him, the question is are you resourceful enough).  All of them are distinctly different experiences which is what kept me coming back to replay it again and again.As far as the different difficulties, well, I haven't beaten it above the first two difficulty levels, but that is mostly because I've only tried the harder ones a couple of times at this point (the game is pretty new, after all).  As I said before, even the ""Wimpy"" mode presents a challenge and I would recommend sticking to this mode until you've honed your skills and developed several effective combos that you can be prepared to deploy.  You have to be ready to be effective regardless of what rune types start dropping from the enemies you dispatch.All in all, this is a pretty stellar game.  I quickly grow weary of a game that either feeds me an easy win or sits me in a rail-car and doesn't let me deviate or forge my own chosen path to victory.  Runers does neither of these things, and is winnable with literally thousands of different builds/strategies.  And just when you think you're a master, you realize you're playing on ""Wimpy"" and it's time to up the ante and break into the higher difficulties.Runers has been fun so far and hopefully some of the remaining spells I discover will give me the edge I need to beat it on Apocalypse.  Rune ho!"
,Recommended,306550,27760094,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Team War,"Runers is a game of surprising depth. While not the most hectic Shmup, it is a very tactical one; every choice of spell is worthy of consideration, and the replay value is huge. You begin with a single spell, but as you uncover new rune combinations over the course of your playthoughs, you can optimize and strategize your favorite abilities. Some spells are crap, but with the right bit of luck you can stack a stat to astronomical levels and change the way an old familiar one will play. This game is absolutely worth the price of admission normally, but it's on sale: you have no reason not to pick this up."
,Recommended,306550,28706397,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Illokonereum,"OverviewThe concept is really solid. It's a roguelike dungeon crawler. Similar in style to a twinstick, but you've got a handful of buttons to contend with. You pick a starting spell, ez pz. They all suck, so don't stress it too much. You pick one of 19 blessings, which are passive effects that give minor bonuses or helpful effects for your character, and one of 19 classes, each of which has a unique active ability, varying greatly in type and use.That's all fine and good, but the real thing is the spell crafting system. You pick up runes and combiners from enemies as you play, and can create spells from these runes using the combiners. Here is where the depth comes in, with hundreds of possible combinations from all the runes through single, double, and triple combinations. Unfortunately, not all spells are created equally, and some will be more effective than others. Finding these spells combinations is a huge part of the fun, and most of your early hours in the game will be spent testing out rune combinations.From there it's a pretty standard roguelike dungeon crawler. You've got procedurally generated rooms and floors, rooms full of enemies, some extras thrown in in the form of event rooms and room effects, and apparently bosses, but I never got far enough. Completing the event rooms will net you a bonus, which can be a minor constant buff like +5% damage, or an effect, like one I encountered where enemies killed had a chance to create a black hole that drew other enemies into it. This gives the game a bit more chance and variation per playthrough, which is a staple of the roguelike genre, though at times I feel these events were conceptualized without the game mechanics in mind. One had me trying to push objects into holes with a room full of enemies, and it cost me the run trying to work around the enemies to awkwardly push these objects when you already don't have great mobility, and also a bunch of enemies crowding you. But in general, the gameplay is fun, if a bit repetitive. For the most part, it's kill the enemies in the room, and then kill the next room full of enemies, so on and so forth, ad infinitum, as roguelikes tend to be.It doesn't really matter, but the graphical style is simple and charming. It runs smoothly, and it only crashed once in several hours, and I was able to go back to the level and run I was on after restarting, so no real harm done.I personally didn't have an opportunity to try the multiplayer, but it apparently has that.ExtrasThe game also features challenges, some of which are available immediately, others need to be unlocked through play. Some challanges involve creative use of spells you have learned in order to complete a task, while others are literally just poorly made luck simulators a la the ""target practice"" challenge that really comes more down to ""Will ten erratic enemies move into the path of my slow moving fireball within twenty seconds"" and not actual player skill and accuracy, but some of them are fun, and they're worth messing around with for a little spice in the otherwise samey gameplay.VerdictOverall I give the game a 7/10. While the game is very promising, and builds itself on a strong foundation, it doesn't utilize it's potential fully, and in some cases, misuses it's own design to the players detriment.All in all, it's a decent game, and well worth checking out if its on sale, or just if you like roguelike dungeon crawler types."
,Recommended,306550,12830295,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,softspoken.gamer,What a fun Rogue-lite.The insane amount of spell combinations and effects combined with the leveling system can be downright daunting but experience is fun and well polished even if sometimes it may feel a bit too punishingly hard.Plenty of action and unique encounters/boss fights to keep things going.My only complaint really is that re-starting can be a bit tedious with how long it may take to ramp up your gear/character.
76561198013535576,Recommended,306550,12592797,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,johnor1,"Howdy. This game is hella fun. Part rogue, part Smash TV. Do you die lots? yes, does it make you want to stop playing? not at all. There is loads of variety and by choosing different characters you find you must alter your play style. On the downside there isn`t a whole lot of substance to the game, but that doesn`t change the fact that it is fun on the bun.I`d recommend this game to anybody. YAY"
,Recommended,306550,21115167,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Nr.9 Akael,"This is not a bad game at all. It's definitely not the fanciest looking game and you could look at this and just see another Binding of Isaac clone, but the deeper you go into it the more satisfying it is. Enough depth to warrant multiple playthroughs.The big flaw is that it's hard to get into the middle and late game, where the game's spellcraft system starts to come into its own. Expect to die a dozen times before you get deep enough to get the baller spells."
,Recommended,306550,14094032,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,sani,"A fantastic game which hides under a quite ugly tile based surface. If you're a person which doesn't need to have great looking graphics and you're just a bit into dual stick roguelikes, please have a look at this game. You combine different spells up to three times which each other to create new and more powerful spells. From buffs, debuffs, damage over time, bolts and flares, everything is there for you to explore. The game is hard as balls but that just makes it that more satisfying when you finally beat the boss you prior always lost to. If you don't look up the spells online, the whole process of discovering them is quite exciting. You have something new to do on every run and the classes with the several masteries just add to that. The only point which could turn you down are the graphics which are really dated. I saw better looking tiles in other games but if you can get over it the game will surprise you with it's mechanics. To me fully worth the price but if you don't want to pay as much, on sale it's a must buy."
,Recommended,306550,12093283,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Ymrasu,Surprisingly addicting.
76561198134217793,Recommended,306550,12226735,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,patrickdubyah,Super fun roguelike shoot 'em up.
,Recommended,306550,12356131,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Bagel Wizard,"A great, fast-paced game. It's full of dicovery in enemy types, spells, and even bosses and room types. The event rooms throw in a nice minigame style touch, which makes the game seem less hardcore. The game is difficult, but that's the point. It doesn't make you rage, just annoyed that you could have done something to prevent it. But you can't. This game comes up to either extreme concentration and focus, or just dumb luck. Dumb luck is way more fun!"
,Recommended,306550,12021963,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,ace tugger,Way under rated for how good it is
,Recommended,306550,11972524,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,BASSMAD,"Great arcade game. Part Binding of Isaac part SmahTV, don't let the graphics fool you. This game has the type of 'crafting system' that every RPG game should have. You use runes and combiners to make spells, once you learn a new spell you don't need to use a combiner to make it again so it rewards experimentation."
,Recommended,306550,11961359,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Narnach,"Nice fast paced action game. Finding new rune combinations for spells is unpredicatable and fun. There are plenty of different enemies which use a mix of spells you can craft using runes and their own unique attacks and mechanics.The tutorial is a bit wordy, but it does show you how everything works.It's very nice that they have a demo, I'd likely not have tried & bought the game without the demo."
76561198108741822,Recommended,306550,13243485,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,vgamerunner87,"Great game, and easily recommended. To me, Runers feels somewhat like a mix of the overall gameplay of the original Gauntlet games, running through dungeons attacking swarms of enemies with a top-down view, and a twist of the combining spell system of Magicka, with lots of variable spells created by the unique rune system in this game, blended into one package.Add to this the customization options when choosing your character, randomized trait features to choose from on leveling up, the capability for spell upgrading with additional runes you find, and the variety of spell types - from ranged projectiles to ""melee"" style sword spells, to different buffs/debuffs - and you can have a very different experience with each run of the game, if you choose. These features combined with a decent learning curve and amount of difficulty provide a great amount of replayability, and makes the rogue-like permadeath feature not as frustrating as I thought it would be.Summary: Runers is a great dungeon crawling, rogue-like shooter with plenty of features to keep you coming back for more. The higher difficulties do seem pretty difficult, but I highly recommend it!"
76561198042709868,Recommended,306550,11984328,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,AdmiralLettuce,Runers is a fun roguelike which has combat similar to The Binding of Isaac. The rune crafting system allows for 285 unique spells. The most interesting spell I've found (on my 3rd run) was a quick high damage spell with 3 chance based effects:1) stun the target2) stun multiple nearby enemies3) stun yourselfThis spell ended up getting me killed.
,Recommended,306550,12008563,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Hiræther Harbinger de Behçet,"The Mage's rogue dungeon crawler, ""Runers"" has a vast array of spells to create & cast that drives one beyond each death looking for more.  The Runedex is cumulative over all lives (deaths), so you are always learning new ways to win, new spells to smite foes, new abilities to change the game, & new passive traits to empower your hero.  It's fast & fun shooter action that's been modified with tons of RPG quality & oldschool charm.  In fact, many so-called ARPGs could take note from how complex this roguelike truly is.  The AI is intelligent and surprising, lauching all sorts of magical tricks and traps along the way.  Quests as well as Boss fights are intense & rewarding, changing the pace up of the dungeon crawl, getting adrenaline pumping as fast as any AAA FPS or Action game.  The way magic is modified is like the system ""Gunstar Heroes"" always dreamed of but never realized.  ""Runers"" stands up to ""Realm of the Mad God"" as it's solo arcane bullet-hell brother in arms.  Besides, where else are you going to RP a Chimera Mummy?"
76561198124479199,Recommended,306550,12030764,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,swimfish2005,"This is one beautifuly game, not only for the pixel art that is impecale from afar and up close, but also for the gameplay that will force you to decide if you have the ability to do something and then punish you just because. There are may different spells that can be used to damage and manipulate the crowds, but even the spells don't matter for the enemys have the same abilities as you and can cause you to slow down, damage over time or even instant death. I final got down to the third floor and took on the first of fifteen bosses just to get to 1/4 of health and have her do a feild spell that killed me, now to go back to the first level and try again.P.S. Schock and Entropy it will save your life"
76561198160495995,Recommended,306550,27749349,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,gartheastwood,"Ignore the 1980's Commodore 64 graphics - not that we thought C64 graphics were crap 30+ years ago, is that not right fellow old farts? Mind you, Spectrum 48k owners thought C64 graphics were crap - but that's another story.This game is an absolute delight for one of Steam's cheaper games (a true bargain as low as £1.99 when it's on a sale). It's simple, very simple granted - but that's not a minus here. It's reminisicient of the early 80's arcade ""Berzerk"" but with loads of weapons (spells). Just blast through maniacal swarms room by room, collecting 10 different types of rune, all of which can in combinations and permutations of ones, twos and threes be combined into hundreds of different spells. 285 according to the developers. Some spells more useful than others, some downright useless - all part of the fun of discovering them all! Runes can also be used to buff up existing spells you've already made.It's big downfall is it's difficulty..... without using trainers or Cheat Engine I have yet to pass level 5. I achieved that in only one game, all others I have failed at level 3, even 2. There are NO intrinsic cheat codes - as usual, the more ridiculous the difficulty the less likely a game is to have such codes! Even using Cheat Engine (and that's awkward in Runers) or a trainer, the game's online leaderboard seems to know, and will not post your cheater's high score!With cheats I found it ends at level 10..... seemingly prematurely, without finishing the game's storyline..... maybe this is because I've only tried the 1st and 2nd difficulty level, maybe the 3rd, 4th and 5th will go beyond level 10?Runers is best played in short, but frequent, sessions!"
,Recommended,306550,17094645,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Wereboar,"Crashes, Fixing and then a game that sometimes works!I am a bit dissappointed about the game. Yes it has some good concepts, when it's running faultlessy and it's actually fun to play, once it works.The game reminds me a bit about an arcade game that stood in the early 80s in the parlor of our movie theatre. Yeah, I lost a lot of DMs in it, and it was fun to play. Something in this game reminds me about this simple shooter. Yet there are a lot of features that make you think about a more complex game. Each time you start an adventures it's procedurally designed, some would call that ""Roguelike"" but for this game the name doesn't fit. Some spells though might give you a strange aftertaste...Pro:- Simple and fast gameplay, you could say it's intuitive.- Once you understand the deeper layer of the spells, you want to know what the specific rune combination actually does, you are forced to play to know. Don't rob your fun reading Tips and Tricks about the game.- There is no loot to speak off, but you have to pick up Runes, Healthpacks and Combines. This is of course giving you total control over the most necessary stuff to pick up.Cons:-Crashes too often, and sometimes at the most inconvenient time. This game requires some finetuning from the developer.- The graphics and sound can make this game a bit annoying, especially if you just want some quick run and are forced to reach at least the next stair down.- The same gameplay that makes this game interesting can quickly turn into it's biggest setback. It can annoy you to no ends if you have a dungeon full of Runes without combines or if you have a run with combines, but no runes... or if healthpacks drop so infrequently that you are forced to play with utmost care. There is a built that can give you a bigger survival chance, but I wont spoil it to you.- There are some spells that need to be changed, they are either too overpowered or too underpowered.All In all, here is the result:I recommend the game conditionallyPals, look the game this way, it's a dungeon romp missing some important parts of a real dungeon romp. It's a mixture between the old Gauntlet game and Berzerk of the 80s ... It's doing a lot of stuff just right, but sadly it also does a lot of stuff the wrong way. The developers need to fix the bugs that keep the game crashing, for a starter. And there is also some unbalance in some spells. You'll be able to enjoy the game, but you'll possibly equally bored to death by the game because you have to live with the stuff you get, there is no guarantee, that the runes fall in your favor."
76561198071421958,Recommended,306550,12016425,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,eternal jape,"WAY, WAY, WAY, better than dungeon boy. In this game, you 'craft' spells to combine different creations to defeat enemies.Now don't get me wrong, the crafting isn't flawed like magicite, in this game, it's not all like,OH, I GOTTA LOOK SOME CRAFTING SCHEMATICS ON WIKIPEDIA BRBit's different everytime, so don't expect a trial and error roguelike like most so-called roguelikes are today.This hits it spot on."
,Recommended,306550,12160012,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Moobeat,Entertaing mix of rogue like and spellcrafting - think Magicka meets Rogue legacy! Lots of replay value between different and custom spells based on drops and a multitude of starting classes and charactistics.
76561198083868513,Recommended,306550,24102958,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mr. SaggyBallz,UPDATE THIS GAME DAMN!!!!
76561198035563382,Not Recommended,306550,18986139,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Platinum Spice,"Got the black background bug. My video card is updated to the latest version and it still does not work, please don't release games which are not working.Tyvm 9/11 would never buy again"
76561198070629402,Not Recommended,306550,15134045,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,kaiyi01,bad game bad life:(
76561197966058769,Recommended,306550,17812599,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Mithryno,"I can see why not all reviews are positive but it's earned my support. I won't get to 100 hours on it for sure, but it's a very enjoyable 25 hours at least.It's a lot of fun trying to discover new spell combinations to work out what gives you the best chance of survival. Simple enough but somehow good fun."
76561198027019860,Recommended,306550,12102656,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Joharassit,"After playing this game strait for 5 days, I would for sure recommend it, I love trying out new combos for spells, but I have too say this game is ""Balls To The Walls"" hard. Even if you think you have a great combo of spells too use, you still get munched. In all the games I have played I have made it too the 3rd floor maybe 5 times, but most games I can only make it too 2nd, but despite that, I always keeps telling myself just 1 more try. Not a lot of games have that effect on me."
,Recommended,306550,12413635,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Displacer Beef,"Not the prettiest game out there, but fun (and hard) as all get out. Nice soundtrack, too."
,Recommended,306550,25218486,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Fex,"2D action roguelite, with nearly 300 different spell combinations to unfold. The thing is, you get to boost the spells as well with your runes - and you'll see the effects. Ridiculous amount of customization.Absolutely epic game, great value."
76561198097731516,Recommended,306550,16748511,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Eibon,click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click
76561198039597295,Recommended,306550,13377359,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Woofies,Super fun!
76561198007562457,Recommended,306550,33606019,Posted: 17 July,all,Jaol,Great game with stragety and depth. Highly recommended.
76561198135010770,Recommended,306550,28741150,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Grey_Moment,"This is one of those games that I keep coming back to. Explore your options, experiment with new rune combinations, build a spellset that fits your playstyle. Then charge into a dungeon full of actually clever enemies, midbosses, bosses, and challenges. Some of them take strategy to defeat, but all of them can be beaten. The mechanics are interesting, the game is challenging, and as I came to the store page to write this review, I was thinking to myself, I wish the soundtrack was DLC. I'll go purchase that now.9/10,WouldWill spam Lights Nova against Eyezilla again."
,Recommended,306550,26790191,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Winsterton,Hands down my favorite game on Steam.
76561198062829827,Recommended,306550,26296243,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Mikofsky,cool
76561198056519105,Recommended,306550,12319624,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Metal Gear Rex,This is a fun game to play with alot of replay value but the graphics are a bit on the simplistic side.
,Recommended,306550,14646016,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ichabod,"Pretty fun game. Pretty high difficulty, you're probably gonna die a lot until you unlock some good spells.The only issue I have with this game is the controls.You move your guy with WADS, and aim your spells with your mouse. L/R mouse buttons fire your primary spells. This part is fine, but you have 2-4 additional spells, which you can bind to whatever you like. The problem is hitting said keys. You pretty much always need to be moving and shooting, so it's a bit annoying to try to cast your spells. This probably wouldn't be an issue with a controller that has 4 triggers or a mouse that has a bunch of auxilliary buttons.I have neither of these things so I wrote a script to spam the spells when I toggle them.I'd recommend this game to anyone who has the hardware described above or can script a workaround. Otherwise the controls are too clumsy unless you're far more dexterous than I."
76561198047905646,Recommended,306550,17764556,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,poorly wired circuit,"I enjoy this game for what it is. Mindless fun, really."
,Recommended,306550,12098109,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,frozenpeas,This has rapidly become my favourite of the grindy roguelikeish shootery games out there. Graphics aren't great but it controls well and the selection of spells is very impressive. It takes a while to get a decent arsenal but once you've discovered a few good spells life gets a lot easier.Great game. A+ Would buy again.
,Not Recommended,306550,17674036,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Guidance,"Please optimize this game to Windows 10I Can't launch this game :cI just clicking on ""PLAY"" Button and nothing happens. Please FIX THIS!!!"
76561198202954862,Recommended,306550,32869356,Posted: 27 June,all,DolphinLettuce,<3
76561197964026426,Recommended,306550,12998384,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Bleiz,Lotsa fun
76561198081968365,Recommended,306550,20530469,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Xxibeautyfrompain,this game is quite intresting but the down fall to the game is it does not save there is a save from where you left off but if you die then you loose that but i dont really think you loose your state's some of the runes dont really mix so you have to know a good combo for it and it gets fustrating if you dont know it plus some of the npc's can be so annoying you just want to rage quit but all in all its still ok not what i really exepted it to be but it was still good
76561198256910303,Recommended,306550,25797926,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,( •_•),Good RPG...what...am i supposed to say somthing else?
76561198040262205,Recommended,306550,12333607,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,AGar44,"rather addicting, simple to learn yet incredibly complex as the game progresses. definitely worth the $"
76561198001867707,Recommended,306550,28688334,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ashenraynor,Great game.  Its a bit difficult.
76561198075202019,Recommended,306550,27753753,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Loomy,Neat
,Recommended,306550,11983041,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Pretentieux,"This game is really well done!  Very fun and actually challenging, which is refreshing when we look at the crap we have been given as of late.  Keep the rogue-lite ""genre"" alive!"
,Recommended,306550,12148054,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Goat men,nice
76561198158826328,Recommended,306550,18804809,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Honey Nigga Toasty-O's,>Be me>Playing Runers like the filthy casual that i am>Enters floor three>Kill every enemy in floor>Enters boss room>Boss is Eye tentacle monster>Kiting skills are trash>Eye laser kills me because it is too good>Die>Quit game uninstall>10/10 would kite again
76561198111372111,Not Recommended,306550,12609593,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,nothing,"My first review, and unfortunately not a positive one.Runers is one of those games that has great ideas, but lacks in implementation and utilization of those ideas (and in my opinion, aesthetics). Like most rogue-like games the game thrives initially on exploration, in this case the collection of runes, enemies and different status-elements that can be found through casts and rooms. Unfortunately, almost all of these 3 mechanics seems kinda lost in this game.Lets start off with the collection of runes and the alchemy-style combination of different runes. The idea is clever and could be interesting and rewarding if the spells are unique and rewarding. Unfortunately, this isn’t the case. Yes, almost every spell and combination is different, but most casts lacks uniqueness and character and sometimes seem to dull. Most casts differ in color, different animation, different damage modifier, and sometimes in tactics♥♥♥♥♥well, but mostly I don’t get the idea having created a great spell which impacts my progression (I guess this has a lot to do with my dislike to the aesthetics of the game). Eventually, when most spells are discovered there isn’t much going for the game because its lack of unique elements.Secondly, most enemies seem to be dully animated moving sprites. Specially the bigger enemies, which seem to be a scaled version of the smaller ones without any additions or anything (some of these enemies are really poor scaled, like the big rat/guinea pig, where you can see the resolution is equally to the smaller one and see the pixels of the sprites. Guys, this is really poor work!).The status effects doesn’t seem to change the gameplay a lot. To be honest, I haven’t played the game long enough to really experience this though, but what I’ve noticed didn’t really impress me.Again, this goes all pretty much with my dislike for the aesthetic of the game. The graphics, animations, music and gameplay feels like a flash-game or run-of-the-mill dungeon crawler created by some guy in late 90’s at game maker because it's his first ""real game"". Most of all, it lacks in a lot of ways.2/10"
76561198010606664,Recommended,306550,17636645,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,kukumisu,"Can't stop playing. Mental. Ignore the bad reviews. It's like Crystal meth, caffeine and cocaine had a baby in game form and then rolled it in nicotine and alcohol and then more caffeine. Just mental. BUY! BUY! BUY! Get it before the dicount ends!"
76561198046351981,Recommended,306550,25716596,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,troisboy,REVIEW
,Recommended,306550,28293263,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Ethan,great fun
,Not Recommended,306550,12989154,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Al Djeafnte,"EDIT:  This is, fundamentally, a bullet hell game with unavoidable damage.  I literally just died to a boss that simply automatically damaged me at regular intervals, so it was purely a DPS race while also having to dodge.  Due to the random nature of the runes you will acquire and your traits, this indicates the game has no interest in being fair or completeable.  Avoid this game unless you're the kind of person that loves to fail repeatedly regardless of the quality of our efforts.I cannot advise you against purchasing this game enough.It's clear the developers put a lot of effort into the mechanics, as there are hundreds of unique spells with unique effects on the world which required time and dedication, but the presentation, layout, controls, and fundamental gameplay are clearly areas that failed to be given even half the same amount of energy.==========================Original Impressions===============================Cool idea, but the gameplay is fundamentally spammy, or really slow.I've played a few runs and a lot of the perks from leveling and progression seem inconsequential, and every single death feels like I couldn't have done anything to prevent it.Further, while spell combination is cool in theory, your first so many plays are going to be best served by just making spells you don't know, just so that you know what is even available to you in the future.  At base, there's almost no sense of what a spell will do prior to making it.Good idea, poor implementation.Also, minor complaint: apparently the steam achievement tracking is broken.  EDIT:  This was fixed such that some achievements will award randomly."
,Not Recommended,306550,33169051,Posted: 2 July,all,Dedergio The Friendly Sandbag,"its $2, you get what you pay for"
76561198006399406,Not Recommended,306550,13107112,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Mk17,"This was a fun arena shooter type game with lots of potential.  So many variations of types of spells and variations and the gameplay itself is challenging.  Was looking forward to playing more of this game until the game offered no option to continue from my save point after I died.I don't know if this was intentionally designed this way or it was a bug, but it's uninstalled."
76561198019620750,Not Recommended,306550,12044360,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Lichice,"Don't be fooled by the rune system. It's neat, and clever, but as to be expected, about half the spells are worthless (like almost every single single-target spell). If you can even make them - the combiners you need to learn new spells drop very sparingly. Coupled with the stupid amount of RNG bullcrap, ranging from being unable to get the runes or combiners you need to flooding the room with enemies that take off half your health before you can even react, this game is a losing formula. Doesn't help that the devs pushed an update addressing exactly zero of the difficulty issues. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,306550,11964830,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Nighty,"Disappointingly short.  (My ""hours on record"" is 90% demo.)"
,Recommended,306550,12046543,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,FrumpyB,"If you're looking for a game to help bring you out of the, ""None of this junk on Steam interests me,"" funk, and you like rogue-likes, you've found the right game. It's a nice, somewhat fast-paced and well thought out roguelike with a nice selection of racial abilities and class traits. Oh, and there's over 200 spells you can craft with runes of various elements. And the simplistic design of the UI and HUD also are pretty wonderful. No sitting and staring at thousands of numbers and percentiles trying to figure out what everything means. It's rune crafting system is really easy to learn to use. Don't expect to get too far your first few attempts, though, as you'll easily get murdered. Visually this game is great, too. I'm sure you'll have a few people who were born in the 90's that don't think a game is a game until it's first person or uses the Crytek engine, but sweet holy Moses, they're missing out on a lot.This game is just fun."
,Recommended,306550,12058686,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,BigMac Condom™,"I would highly recommend this game, for many reasons ill go over a few of them!First of all its a rogue-like procedural generated game with one life.  This game may seem pretty small at the start but when you play and play and play(and so ooooon) you get further and further you try with different tile sets and more monsters to challenge!The runes or spells in this game is a brilliant master piece, you can spend hours and hours of gameplay on this and discover so many fun and complex spells to cast upon your tons of foes!Boss's in this game are like a bullet hell fight each one has there unique appearance and fight with tricky wits and tricks to discover.  Normal enemies also can be mini boss's such as a large skeleton or fire ant!And last but not least, the challenge and different characters.  Its almost impossible to complete this game the first time you play even on Wimpy mode since they have different difficulties that can go higher im sure it would become a real challenge to finally complete the game and attempt to get 100% Now with the characters there are so many unique and different combinations you can do to get the right player you want eg(Gnome cursed with the wisp or sumtin)One last note people may complain about how plain the game looks but dont let that throw you off from the fun gameplay and experience you will have with this game.   (sorry if my grammar wasn't the best)"
,Recommended,306550,12059792,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Bash Brisecul,"Absolutely fantastic little game that'll keep you entertained for hours. The Binding of Isaac meets Warcraft 3's ""Spellcraft"" mod."
76561198039624563,Recommended,306550,12144005,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Butterbinky,"I love it. Simply put, one of my favorite Rouge-likes. I recommend it to all who are interested in a spell crafting based dungeon crawling badass game."
76561198091266077,Recommended,306550,12134752,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Lirael,"I Love This Game. I Only Dislike 1 Thing. The Walls And Floor Are Gone. And I Know You Tell Us How To Fix It, But What You Tell Me To Do Doesnt Work. I Still Play The Game, But Its Not Much Fun Walking Into Invisible Walls And Dying When i Finally Get A Combined Spell. Otherwise, Love It. But If You Could Fix The Bug, That Would Be Great. If Its Unfixable Without Doing What The Fixing Guide Says, Then Dont Sweat, Just Say And Then I Shall Devote About An Hour Or Two To Fixing It For Me. Thx For Making This Game. :D"
76561198003585036,Recommended,306550,12135975,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Sphinx,"Great game, lots of spell combinations to play with."
,Recommended,306550,12131039,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Ozwaz,"This game has an extremely great concept, I love the gameplay and everything about it. The only one thing that could be worked on are the sprites, it's a bit hard to tell what the entity is suppose to be, regardless, it's really great. I hope more sprites and features can be added soon!"
76561198052513392,Recommended,306550,12106607,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Gingerbread man,I love it.
,Recommended,306550,11990580,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,NeoGriim,"I've played maybe 10 games now and I'm starting to get the hang of it.  If you like rogue-likes this one is excellent.  It's fairly addicting with a good amount of replay value with the increased difficulty.  Getting started and creating spells is fun.  Don't ruin the game for yourself by looking up spells to make and jumping for those, exploring and combining runes to create new spells is a big part of the game and it's super fun to combine those runes and see what happens."
,Recommended,306550,11971828,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Trixie Lulamoon,"10/10Every boss fight is something new and different.With so many different spells to use, you have almost unlimited customization along with the class/passive combos."
,Recommended,306550,12069897,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Chizad,Love this game! Tons of options to choose from and spells to play around with. Play a different way everytime!
,Recommended,306550,12090344,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Bootygod,Damn good fun for everyone.  The challenge will keep you coming back for more.
76561198077537618,Recommended,306550,12097957,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Kraban,Great game. Lots of fun. Massive replayability. Anyone who love rogue-like games should buy it.
,Recommended,306550,16462614,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The Mi-Go 13,"B.P.R.#3 - Bullet Point Review for... RUNERSIn a NutshellRUNERS is a rogue-like, dungeon shooter, with a synergistic and staggeringly deep spell-crafting system, emergent player customization, randomly generated content, and a varied and steep learning curve but subsequent ease of play from the two-dev team, Let's Get Kraken. It is hard as hell, fast, chaotic and tense but ultimately fun and rewarding in both short play sessions and returning delves. If you are still reading, good for you. You got moxy. This game is great and you SHOULD PLAY IT. Let's check out the points!Build your starting character from 20 passive trait sets, 20 classes, and 10 starting spells for over 4000 possible combinations BEFORE you even set foot in your first dungeon.285 unique spells that you craft through experimentation. Each spell has over a dozen aspects to it that make for some truly unique effects. This is the heart of the game and provides your venue to truly craft your unique character each run. Once you've figured out a spell, it gets added to your 'Runedex', allowing you to craft that spell forever provided you have the correct runes in your possession.Cast multiple spells at once, as each spell has it's own utility and cool-downs. How you use/combine your spells are up to you. Slot in and cast 4 different spells at a time with room to store a backup spell and switch them at any time.Not all rooms are created equal in this randomly-generated loot arena. Room Events, Room Buffs, Boss Rooms, and the ever-critical stair rooms that provide access to deeper levels of the dungeon are all handled clearly on your automap/inventory (to quickly check your rune and combiner stock) once you discover them. The interface is really detailed but also very easy to navigate and parse at a glance.There are 140 different types of creatures, with their own attacks, debuffs, and spells, and each with boss variations, roaming the dungeon and depending on what other creatures are in the same room, each type may behave differently. Creatures are affected by room buffs/debuffs as well, so factor that one in too. Are you getting a sense that customization and variety-of-play were a key design goal in this gem?You will die a lot. If you do well, each run will see that you've crafted a new spell or two through lucky and clever rune combinations, so that you have more known spells available for you to craft and use in subsequent runs.With 5 difficulty levels (I can barely handle the normal level and there are 3 more above that), 50 achievements, and 30 challenges you will not want for ways to test your skills and creativity.The graphics are cool and charming in an old-school way. Beautiful, I don't think so, but evocative of theme, clear and telling of what is going on, absolutely. The visuals, sounds, and GUI design are spot on and have a very DIY-feel that is endearingly telling of a small dev team crafting a hidden gem that will be pined over by loyalists for decades to come. That loving craftsmanship should not be discounted when you are looking for a gaming experience that will give back what you put into it.ConclusionRUNERS is damn near perfect at what it does. After 6 hours of game time I honestly don't think I've explored one percent of what this game has to offer. It is a play experience that I come back to time and again because of its direct and simple play... once you figure things out. It always rewards with some sort of gained knowledge as the variety of builds, runes, buffs, monsters, spells, level-up perks, and individual play style meld into a unique formula that generates a fresh experience each time you make a run. I love it.Give yourself 30 minutes with the demo and play the tutorial. THEN decide if it's for you. I almost gave up on this before I pushed through and took the time to learn from the tutorials and tinker around. MAN, am I glad I stuck with it! It's one of my very favorite play experiences and if what I covered in this review sounds good to you, buy it. I think you'll be happy.Happy gaming,M13"
,Recommended,306550,13940441,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ok,"This game is absolutely fantastic, there's so many spells you can unlock and they're all unique and ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, BUT I just bought this game with the soundtrack DLC, and when I start the game I don't really hear any different music or SFX. Just the exact same from the demo. Someone please help :("
76561198121258829,Recommended,306550,16448565,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,tecnojet,AMAZING COMBANATIONS!!!!
76561198038193809,Recommended,306550,13570653,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ThePerkyStalker,Diverse and challenging!
76561198038414812,Recommended,306550,15846901,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,LordAziki,"The main strength of Runers would have to be the spell crafting system.  You collect random runes and combine them to make different spells and to improve spells you already have.  Each spell was designed individually, so you can't guess what a certain combination of runes will make until you try it.  There is a total of 285 spells to discover, so that alone can keep you busy for a while.  The spell variety includes different buffs, debuffs, beams, projectiles, AoE, things which effect an entire room, and special utilities.  There is also incentive to discover spells since you don't need to use any combiners to make a spell you already discovered by making it.  It is the only feature which makes future playthroughs easier.  Other than that, you unlock more difficulties and a passive and active ability to start with by making it to the end.  Music, sounds, and visuals are nice, and there is a fair amount of enemy variety.  The bosses you fight in each playthrough aren't even the same most of the time.The issues are a few bugs which sometimes cause the game to crash, a few typos, and secrets being extremely rare drops from bosses.  The developers also seem to have stopped supporting the game.I would suggest this game to anyone who likes rogue-lites and enjoys discovering beautiful spells and possibly to people who like danmaku."
,Recommended,306550,17594511,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,snekjek,"A neat little compact game about combining, exploring, fighting, and endless fun for a while. The game itself is overall fun, small and light on the computer, and anyone can play."
76561198050823451,Recommended,306550,17629404,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,The Wizard Who Did It,"I can't believe how much fun I have with this game.Its super simple to learn and play, and seems a bit simplistic at first, but soon after that, you start to discover the depth of gameplay.  There is so much to discover and so many possible strategies.Dying is permanent, but you get to keep the spell knowledge that you aquired.  So, it will be easier to piece together something that worked for you last time.Good stuff."
76561197998182186,Recommended,306550,13377989,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Elethio - Pixeljudge.com,"Played as the Mummy, first spell discovered was the ""Sandstorm"" (totally random out of hundreds!) kicked @ss for three levels then died.I keep on dying but I haven't stopped discovering awesome spells, so much imagination has gone into developing this and it shows :)Warning - high difficulty, probably not for the casual gamer unless you don't mind dying a lot."
76561197998736987,Recommended,306550,13489665,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Tinius,"Good: A LOT of spells to discover, many of the ''good'' rouge-lite elements, a large amount of replayability and a really good soundtrack.Bad: You can get screwd over Magic The gathering style (ie. getting only land) by getting only runes and no combiners, many of the traits are useless, many with poorly explained effects or a few down right don't work. Not that noticable differences between most classes and traits. A small lack of other feauters ie, game modefiers, ability to say; sacrefice 3 runes for 1 different type.Still, not an expensive game and a worth while experience."
76561197963889594,Recommended,306550,14261982,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mercian Druglord,Runers.The best game about runes since rune.Watch Below for enlightenmenthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZjZTJoEP_A
,Recommended,306550,28000090,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ktulu1975,"I've been playing Mastertronic games since the days of the Amstrad CPC 464 and Runers is without a doubt one the best games I've ever played.  The game involves collecting runes (by killing enemies and/or completing challenges) to create weapons (and abilities) to help you advance through the dungeon.  You must find the doorway to the level below to advance, and you may 'Save' the game, at this point each time.  It sounds easy, although there are many challenges, in the form of bosses and challenge rooms, to try and thwart your progress, although succesful defeat/completion of these will grant the ability to chose a stats/skill/rune level upgrade.  Before entering the dungeon, you must select a character class and passive ability and an initial weapon, which can be changed as you progress through the dungeon and combine runes.   Plays real well with Xbox controller.   The music is completely beautiful, atmospheric and brilliant.  Excellent game.  10/10."
,Recommended,306550,24487415,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Onebadterran,Curator Review:This indie roguelike pits you as a mage who uses the power of runes to defeat your enemies. Combine 10 different types of runes to make powerful spells and crush the most powerful of foes as you explore this ever changing dungeon. It is obvious that a great deal of love was put into this game and it is a great piece of work. It may not be my style but I can appreciate the quality of this game. 7/10https://youtu.be/a350aGkvzzI
,Recommended,306550,24112071,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Tastygraph,"This is one of those few games that doesnt quite get the recognition it deserves... so here goes ;)You mix and match runestones to create new spells. These stones are found throughout your adventures and even though this is a roguelike type game, in the sense that its procedurally generated and you lose your character when you die... you still get to keep the knowledge of spells that you've discovered and this makes it a little bit easier for your next character to advance through the dungeons :)I like the fact that you can select a Starting Passive and an Active ability for your character and your starting spell/attack, this allows you to do various playthroughs that never feel quite the same as some of these passives drastically change the way you tackle the enemies.To shake things up a bit, the game has challenge rooms that are marked with glowy entrances and you're required to do something specific to defeat the enemies, rather than just spam attacks at them :)"
76561198057146546,Recommended,306550,23941035,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Old Leafy Beard,"fantastic game I think, interesting mechanics, devilishly challenging gameplay tonnes of replayability with all the character options and spell combinations, great soundtrack, just loads I like about this game, cant go wrong at the price either. If you like challenging, randomy roguelikes I recommend!"
,Recommended,306550,25615782,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Danté,"Very fun, the only fault I could find is the anoying sound of some spells, but that is not enough to effect the amaing score."
,Recommended,306550,22698487,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Ranen,"Runers is a great top-down bullet hell rpg, and the only reason I haven't played it more is because I am pretty bad at it and that can get discouraging. A lot of content, great replayability, and solid gameplay. Good for those who like bullet hells, roguelites, and rpg's."
76561198059906289,Recommended,306550,17498105,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,boogey2003,"This game is perfect, it's filled to the brim with content and explores the endless ways magic can work, it has great enimies, bosses, spells, classes/passive abilties, and you will probably be playing it for several months or more if you decide to complete it do to the fact that there are 285 spells in the game, it's generaly a great game if you want something like the binding of issac but with more variety, 10/10 for everything but  the events... they get 8/10 AKA still fantastic. i would say this game is a must have for any non-casual gamers do to it's reasonably high difficulty"
,Recommended,306550,33092473,Posted: 1 July,all,btcprox,"A word of warning: I think the devs have pretty much disappeared several months back, so treat this game as frozen in its final state.They weren't kidding about the number of unique spells and the variety of classes & races available, and the game definitely has replayability thanks to the random generation of floors, and the different traits available on each level up. The RNG may be a bittooskewed against the player, especially in terms of rune drops, but personally I find it on par with BoI:R. Apart from the usual dungeon crawling, the tricky side challenges test your proficiency in using specific spells or fighting specific enemies.Admittedly the joy of discovery wanes once you earn all of the spells and encounter all of the enemies, but I reckon it'll be quite a long while before you reach that point. And a UX design gripe: there's no ""quick restart"" option like in many other rogue-likes/rogue-lites, so you have to navigate from the starting menu again to select the same options as for the previous run if you want to.Still, I think it's worth getting this interesting time-killer, especially now that it's on sale. If you don't mind the once-in-a-while crash."
,Recommended,306550,32971682,Posted: 28 June,all,killfog,"It is a fantastic game, I just wish the developer would keep updating making it better with moree rune types and other shenanigans9/10"
,Not Recommended,306550,18855481,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,r0bbie the soda can,just buy tower unite
76561198036358709,Recommended,306550,34421367,Posted: 22 August,all,Hatred Pickle,This is the game I've been wanting to make since I was 8.
76561197983496416,Not Recommended,306550,34621322,Posted: 30 August,all,CrOnNoS,"Well i just don't recommend. Thought it would be fun but i don't feel much diference nor excitement discovering new magics and the gameplay itself is pretty basic and infested, i felt like it's more important to run around mindlessly than think on any strategy to fight anything. So, run around shooting diferent colors of projectiles and die, and try new colors and well, i wasn't having fun so even if the game gets any better later, i gave up before that."
