user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198008572245,Recommended,306660,13309171,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,duncan.ross,"A pleasant surprise in a sea of mediocrity!As a games industry veteran myself I have to say - this is one of the best executed strategy projects, ever. The simplicity of controls the fluidity of the battles, the flexibility of the AI and simple yet very appealing visuals make it a must for any armchair general.Some stability issues from time to time are forgiven and forgotten due to dedicated and relentless support by the developers. This is how it should be done!"
76561197972258172,Recommended,306660,13750908,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"A wonderful and intelligent little tactical RTS. I say 'little' because the core game is the Battle for Gettysburg (of course) drawn out over 5 or 6 different scenarios. But, this is an indie game, and a great one at that, and if this doesn't sound like much, the devil is in the details.Content-wise, UG:G is quality over quantity. This may annoy some people, but for those that appreciate variation on a theme, the game offers a lot of replayability and it's clear that the developers have done as much as they can to offer as much replayability as possible within the constraints of the game. Firstly, you can play as either the Union or Confederates. Secondly, you can choose 9 or so different enemy AI types which all change the decision making process for the enemy on the field. Lastly, your actions and achievements in each scenario affect the way the game plays out, allowing you to choose from a number of concurrent scenarios that change depending on whether or not you managed to fulfill the goals of the mission before. Multiply all these options together, and for the price you get a decent amount of gameplay.The control scheme is ingenious and the method with which you relay orders to your units allows for a great deal of finesse and control on the battlefield. Instead of clicking on each point you want your units to walk in a straight line to, you draw the path you want them to take, and the units follow said path. You can flank, withdraw, shift focus, push forward, and more all with one smooth swipe of the mouse, and it allows for a great deal of tactical control without you having to monitor every individual step the units take. I've seen some complaints about orders not working or unit AI performing incorrectly, but I've never had any such experience.The topography of the map is fantastic - Gettysburg is accurately represented, and the cover-rating for your units changes dynamically as they move from open grass, to forest, to hedges, to homesteads. This cover rating is essential to survival (as in real life), and it all makes sense - when you move into an area that you think should give you cover, it does, and vice versa. You'll find the enemy responds to your attempts to flank them, and you'll want to watch you don't overextend yourself, or the enemy will exploit your failures. Your frontline will ebb and flow as the balance of power changes in particular areas, and you're rewarded realistically for pressing your advantages, and punished with a stalemate, or worse, if you fail to take the opportunities you get.I feel that this game would have benefitted from covering a larger part of the civil war, and one criticism I could level at it is that it's indeed constrained by its focus on one single battle. In saying that, I only want more because it's so enjoyable, and I think that in focussing their attention, the development team have managed to perfect their game mechanics, which makes for a much more solid and refined product, so perhaps it's not really a criticism after all?The other point I'd make is that whilst the mechanics that are in place all work well and feel very fresh, there isn't a whole lot of tactical depth in terms of the commands you can issue to the units. Your command extends as far as telling them where to go, who to attack, when to charge, and when to stop. While this all works well and provides a fun experience, there isn't a lot of variation amongst the commands, that again might have led to the game feeling fuller. But, all that said, I don't feel shortchanged, only like I want to play more and more and more. I haven't played multiplayer as of yet, so I'm dying to try the game out against a human opponent.UG:G is one of the most innovative and entertaining tactical RTS games I've ever played, and I highly recommend it to any strategy fan."
76561197995381979,Recommended,306660,12514773,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Billy_Brightside,"Sid Meier is the Willy Wonka of PC game designers. And he's turned us all into gluttonous brats named Augustus Gloop. His games all exude a simple charm that has the tendency to steal hours from a person's life and become evidence ""exhibit A"" in about every other divorce court in the country. None of his games are exempt, from his Railroad Tycoon games to his maddeningly ""just one more turn"" addictive Civilization games. I remember playing hisSid Meier's Gettysburg!in 1998 and thinking it was the best civil war strategy game to ever grace the PC. I stumbled upon my old Gettysburg! disk the other day, but unfortunately, the game has aged terribly. Father Time has watered down and diluted Meier's twinkling charm. Oh, Father Time, you great and terrible killjoy!EnterUltimate General:Gettysburg.Created by a modder named Darth who specializes in Creative Assembly's venerableTotal Warseries, Darth has pretty much recrafted Sid's wonderful software toy and fashioned it into a trip down memory lane, only better! The graphics are updated, the AI is a force to be reckoned with, and the game even has its own ambient flare, reverse zoom and you see the fancy wooden trim of the dining room table you are in fact playing a living board game on. Covering the Battle of Gettysburg in its four day entirety, the game bleeds history, and branches of alternate history depending upon the decisions you make regarding your generals. The gameplay mechanics are not quite grognard level, but they're well beyond Facebook Farmville antics. Mouse lassoing of units, and point and click movement orders, troop movements dictated by drag and drop strategy lines, it's all here. I loaded the game up just to check it out, and I spent a weekend playing through the whole campaign on both sides. It's not often a game gets its hooks in me like that, but I love when it does. It's these times I'm truly honored to be a PC gamer.The cartoonlike artstyle of the board, and the soldiers which are actually sprites, (and do admittedly leave a longing for the ability to zoom down one more notch for a closer look) are crafted as lovingly as even the bold sinewy text of the location names. In another reference to the wonderful Roald Dahl, remember the sign in the school in Matilda's class that Ms. Trunchbull had erected, ""If you're having fun, then you're not learning!""? Well, this game proves that notion a simple fallacy because UGG not only proves that you can learn history by playing a computer game, but also that you can have a grandiose good time while doing so."
76561197971292805,Recommended,306660,13312412,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Outlaw,"If you like Total War but wish the AI was better, get this game. The graphics aren't great but honestly that isn't the focus of this game, it's about the dynamic AI that will make every fight turn out differently and actually provide a challenge. Multiplayer is coming along as well and the developer is providing regular feedback and updates. This is the start of a fantastic new competitor for the RTS genre."
,Recommended,306660,10434267,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,SirWallyWombat,"Fantastic! I played against an AI set to Dynamic and... wow. It was able to counter in proper and very efficient ways, making for one terrific battle (Or series of). Ultimate General has turned out to be more than I actually expected, after each fight you either win/draw/lose, and you are often given a choice of your next action, do you keep up the pressure and continue the battle? Hold your ground and wait for reinforcements? Even better yet, is that your troops and their stats are carried over from each stage. Adding a terrific sense of urgency at times."
76561197969398456,Recommended,306660,13246507,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Soft Style,"My first thoughts: ""Only one battle, this cant be any good?!?!"" It turned out to be a very rewarding game, and I loved the graphics, strategy and tactics! Casualties and the postitions that you capture carry over from your previous engagements, which made it all the more interesting for me. It had me sitting on the edge of my seat several times when a last ditch effort was made to capture or hold a crucial position. A must have for any armchair generals out there. :)"
,Recommended,306660,13170198,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Headshot Harry,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg is an awesome game. For those who want an American Civil War (ACW) stratagy game, here it is.The game is centered around the battle of Gettysburg July 1-3(4) 1863. In the main mode (Main Menu-Start new battle) you can fight the battle of Gettysburg as the Union or Confederacy, and choose your opponent AI (9 types of AI: Adds a lot to replay value). The battle is fought in Scenarios, each one being triggered one after the other depending on what you accomplished in the last one you fought. There are more scenarios than I can count honestly. You keep fighting through scenario's untill you fully defeat the enemy, of you run out of time. You can also end up fighting battles on July 4, which is interesting because this never happend in history. All of the possible scenarios are playable in the ""Custom battle"" section of the main menu. Multiplayer is also fun to do, but there are not nearly as many scenario's as there are in single player, which can be good or bad, depending on your view point. But here is a list of pro's and con's.Pros: Helpful and thorough tutorial videos.Combat is easy to learn and master.Brigades are historically numbered.Corps and Brigades have historical commanders (Archer,Pender,John Reynolds, Richard S. Ewell, Ect.)Artillery has been fixed with the hotfixes.Art. is ballanced so it isn't devestating with casualties, but does lots of morale damage.Good map design and elevation.TONS of replay value with harder AI and (probably) over 30 scenarios.Multiplayer-compatibleNo scenario is completley impossible.CONS: All units look the same (Iron bridage doesn't wear black hats)No steam workshopArtillery can sometimes not fire even though they are looking over a field from a hill.The ""Texas brigade"", supposedly one of the best southern brigades, has terrible morale.Game can freeze (this issue is being dealt with by developers)Reinforcements will come earlier for the enemy than they will when you play as them.NOTE: I personally think that it would have been better to include more battles in this game, like Antietam, Second Manasas, Shiloh, ect. If not that, at least a map/battle editor so we could make those battles. A steam workshop would also be really nice.OVERALL: 9.5/10. Awesome game. Would definatly reccomend it for people if they asked. I wish these people would make more games like this, so here are some ideas. Ultimate General: Waterloo, Ultimate General: The American Civil War, Ultimate General: Napoleon (battles of Napoleonic era). And why stop there? The possibilities are endless.EDIT: +1.5 for the addition of Night battles and artillery limbering."
76561198098585465,Not Recommended,306660,10469445,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,gadair,"I am sorry to have to write this for a game with over 99% positive reviews but the truth must be told.First off, I must acknowldege that this is a early access version of the game and so there is always hope that the game will improve, but for me there are significant short commings in the version that leave this version far short of what would make this a great Strategy game.Having studied the strategy and tactics of real 19th century warefare I was hoping this game would be a good way to expereince and explore those tactics.  I recognize that no game, no matter how well written would be able to capture 100% the reality of that, but this game lacks all of those elements and for me fails on so many levels and makes the game unable to hold my interests.The game does offer much as a strategy game and I do acknowledge the many good things about this game which the vast majority of reviewers have already pointed out, but I must provide a negative review in order to provide balance to others considering purchasing the game.The game touts itself a a simulation of Gettysburg and as such I would expect it to use as much of the real commands and tactics as possible for a game, a goal that Sid Meier's Gettysburg better achieved, although that game had many short comings as well.To make this an effective civil war startegy game I should be able to issue commands to units that real commanders would issue.  There is too much automation in the way the troops behave and act.  It seems that the only thing I can tell the troops is where to go.  I can not make a decision on how to form, single battle line, double  battle line, etc.  These were critical decisions a commander would make deciding where he needed strength (double line) and where he needed to guard the flanks (single line)  I might even want to order a unit to ""dig in""  I really only have once choice for forming my units and they are made for me,If I have a brigade arriving to the rear, I might want to position them in a certain location to be ready to reinforce my line, but as soon as I do that they move from colomn formation to a line formation.  In fact, if I even order a unit to halt, they will move from column to battle line.  This denies me the tactical decision to leave a brigade in the faster moving column formation until I decide to move them into a battle line.  I can't order my calvary to mount or dismount,  Gamble's skirmishers remain skirmishers.  In reality, once the infantry arrived, I would order them to mount up and guard the flanks or scout the north or west, but  I can't do that again denying me important tactical decisions.  I can't order my artillary to limber up or un-limber and the artillary seems to move the same regardless taking away another important decision that can make or break a battle.     When I order a unit to ""Fall Back"" an experience unit would accept this to mean a slow withdrawl while fighting a delaying action an orderly process to tactically reposition the troops.  Instead it looks more like a retreat, even with high morale units.All too often, units  are automatically moving to ""face the enemy"" again denying me the tactical decision to maintain my line unless I specifically remember to tell them to hold.  In reallity they should hold the line unless they are told to skirmish.  A unit in real life would never make a move like that.  This often creates units with their flanks in the air when my intentions was to have their flanks anchored by other units or natural obstacles.   It seems I have a whole army of Dan Sickles.Looking in the release notes I see there is work pending on group commands and obliques but not sure if these pending additions will significantly improve these limitations.   I also wished there was more granularity in the units as primarily I can only control at the brigade level.  It would be nice if I could issue orders at either the regimental or brigade level.  For civil war history buffs the role of regiments is of high interest and a good civil war game that fails to recognize the regiment falls short of satisfying a civil war enthusist.  Players should be able to control both the regimental and brigade level units.  For example, order a brigade to form a double battle line, but during the battle, order a specific regiment in that line to move to a single battle line at the end of the brigade to guard the flank.  I should be able to order a single regiment for form a skirmish line in front of the brigade or order the regiment at the end of the brigade to wheel right or left to avoid having my flank in the air.  While having division and corps commanders in the game adds historical interest and recognizes these hostoric figures I agree that the way the are implented in the game is correct.  Since these roles were more strategic and administative there is not need for tactical commands at the division or corps level.  I do look forward to the addition of divisional commander characters to add depth to the game.  But the lack of regimental/brigade level tactical commands is a big dissapointment.  Ideally, I should be able to issue commands to those units like a real commander would and they would react based on how experienced and well drilled they are.  For example. ordering a unit to form a double battle line might be done quickly and smartly for a well drilled and experienced unit but a little slower for a new unit.  To me it appears that the developers lack a deep understanding of civil war tactics and army procedures.  Even little things like the fact that I issue a ""run"" command instead of a ""double time"" command.  Nitpicking for sure and an easy fix, but perhaps a symptom of how far off this game is from being a true civil war strategy and tactics game.So bottom line, a lot of hard work went into this game.  The map is beatiful and the game is playable as a basic, simple, strategy game, but as a game claiming to be a civil war strategy game, it lacks sufficient depth at this time to be a rich and satisfying game of civil war strategy and tactics.  In a toss up between this game and Sid Meir's Gettysburg, Sid would win.  While I hope there is substantial improvement between the early access and final release I can not recommend the game at this time.  However, at the early access price of only $9.99 it is worth a look by any strategy game fan and I hope that our early support and honest feedback will encourage the developers to improve on the game and help it to rise to the level of one of the best civil war strategy games ever.Good luck."
76561198061559900,Recommended,306660,13524112,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pepi Le Cube,"Kept screaming ‘Don’t give um an inch boys’, now my neighbours won’t talk to me. Worth it!"
,Recommended,306660,10434593,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Gov,"Have you been a total war fan and just been absolutely dissapointed with the recent releases? The arcade-style battles and simplified gameplay experience? If so, you are in the same boat as me. Been watching the development of this game for some time and now that it's released all I have to say is good things about it. The combat is excellent, AI is smart, even on the lowest level.. The grandiose strategy of it will give the most experienced strategy gamer a challenge as you are commanding tens of thousands of troops. The complex morale system forces you to be wary of how your batallions are faring against the enemy forces. This adds a new level of strategic planning by having to sub in reserve batallions to support your exhausted and morale stricken ones.The only thing I'd like to see is a multiplayer feature. I feel this game would be excellent in a 1v1, 2v2, 3v3, or even 4v4 gameplay mode considering how many troops you are in command of. It's almost overwhelming at times when it gets to the pinnacle of the battle. It would be a nice feature if each player commanded a corps of the army and joined in the battle at set time limits pertaining to historical accuracy.Thus, I rate it a 10/10 and hope to see further add ons and features. Support this indie game!!"
76561197987679890,Recommended,306660,16696323,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Samow4r,"With very simple 2D models and flat, weird map, this game creates the sence and feeling of real line battlefront and strategy, more than any of the Total War games. The replayability is outstanding. It will take you only around 100-150 minutes to finish the campaign (the battle of Gettysburg), but every time you approach it, the outcome is diffrent - everything change, based on your decisions, strategic points captured, and casualities. You may choose different scenarios, and enjoy something totally different. I highly recommend playing this game, especially if you enjoy the smell and sound of exploding gunpowder."
76561198008684721,Recommended,306660,13218336,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Doc Bad Touch,"4.7/10Graphics: 5 Story: -  Controls: 4 Gameplay: 5 Soundtrack: -  Atmosphere: 5Genre: RTSIf anyone out there ever played Sid Meier's Gettysburg and loved it then youre in for a treat with this game, as Ultimate General Gettysburg seems to be a clone of one of Sed Meier greatest games.With that said if you are not familire with Sid Meier's Gettysburg, the game is rudimetery RTS where you pick your side, North or South and are then given a set number of units to command over the three day Battle of Gettysburg. Your actions will determin unit size throughout the battle and eventully determine the entire outcome of the compaign.Outside the nastagia aspect, the game is pretty average. The graphics aren't 8-bit basic, but they aren't push your GPU to the limits awesome. The creaters seem to really just be shooting for a remake of the original SM's Gettysburg.There is no real story outside of you changing the outcome of the battel with how you play, and the soundtrack is almost nonexistance.However, this was the same with the original SM's Gettysburg so this really does not really detract from the game.What does however take from the game is its controls. Orders are given by selecting units and draging them to where you would like them just like any RTS. However in Ultimate General Gettysburg, this draws a movement line on the map as you drag it. If you mess up with your initial drag then correcting while still dragging will send your units marching in loopty loops across the  battle field while taking enemy fire. The only way to correct this is by selecting the unit again and dragging it again to reissue the command. This is minor aanoyence is magnified when you make this mistake with a whole group of units.With it's over simplisity and handful of flaws aside, Ultimate General Gettysburg was not a half bad game. Ultimate General Gettysburg may not be one for the Hardcore RTSer, but it is definatly something to be picked up for the casual gammer, or for the those of you wishing to relive your SM's Gettysburg glory days."
,Recommended,306660,13761900,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The Lord Cypher,"So I routed the Union troops on the first day by pushing the Union out of the town and then took Cemetery Hill, Culp's Hill, Cemetery Ridge, and lastly enveloping the Northern army on all flanks.1863/10 would secede again."
,Recommended,306660,12590826,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,GunMan1942,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg is one of the best American Civil War games out on the market now in my humble opinion.Pros:The map is extremely well done, with much attention to detail.Each unit has been created with precision and with close observance of historical facts.The game engine is remarkably well rounded.The AI is the most challenging AI in any real-time game I have ever played, and it does not cheat to be difficult. In other games like this *Cough*Total War*Chough* when one attempts to make the game more difficult, the computer simply gains ridiculous advantages over the human as the difficulty goes up, for instance, militia units who normally run at the first sign of the enemy, miraculously turn into the Cold Stream Guards in terms of resilience and fighting ability. In Ultimate General: Gettysburg, the computer gets no advantages, it simply out plays you. It notices weaknesses that you have not seen, it flanks, it charges, it hammers you with ungodly amounts of artillery. Simply put, this AI should be able to give any skill level player a run for their money.And the final Pro is that the game makers actually listen to the community. As someone who has had early access since the open beta, I can tell you that they have made many changes to the game based off of the testers comments.Cons:As of right now there is not a thriving multiplayer community, so most if not all of my games occur against the AI. Now, that should change as it has just been released to the Steam store so as more people buy it, it should be much easier to get a multiplayer matchup.You may encounter a rare glitch in the game where troops move the wrong way or you take losses without being fired upon, however, these are quite rare as most if not 99.99% of such glitches having been removed and fixed already. If it does happen, report it through the in-game bug reporter tool or on the forums and it will get fixed quickly.Overall:This is one outstanding game. Neither side is overpowered, both having their own advantages and disadvantages. This is a great game for any strategy lover!"
,Recommended,306660,12672695,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Butan,"Nick Thomadis, alias DARTH VADER, one of the most famous Total War modder, proves to the world that he has what it takes to make a full blown revolutionary video game.Not only revolutionary because of its historical era, which portrays one of the most important battle of the American Civil War, but because it has the best video game Artificial Intelligence of all time.Nothing comes even close, period.The only strategy game on the market where the multiplayer mode is not vital, because you can play alone against the machine forever without feeling you're missing something: every battle is unique, because the behaviour of the AI is extremely well done and provide near infinite replayability thanks to an objective-based branching scenarios on the battle of Gettysburg.To me, one of the only game which doesnt lie when it describes its features: what they wrote, what you read, is what you get."
,Recommended,306660,16716848,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Sivalen,"Take the battles from Total War, strip the graphics down to their basics and compensate with better maps, throw in some elements from the 'choose your own adventure' genre when planning your strategy, and what you end up with is a short but brilliant game. Buy it before it gets banned for daring to include Confederate iconography in its correct historical context."
76561197976748883,Recommended,306660,16706084,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,LairdNasty,"Is Steam going to remove this game due to its depiction of the historically accurate Confederate battle flag? People in this country are losing their minds blaming symbols and inanimate objects everytime something bad happens...I've decided to post a slightly more in-depth review now that the whole ""lets ban games because flags offend people"" nonesense has blown over. I will, however, keep the politically charged opening statement because, as you can see from certain comments about this review, it caused quite a frenzy among ignorant people.For anyone who is an RTS fan this game will be right up your ally. It is not a long game, but has far more replayability than just about any other RTS out there. It has deep strategy elements and surprisingly smart AI, especially for an indie game. The graphics are not mind blowing but they are well implemented. My lowest score is for the multiplayer, becuase I wish it was more than 1v1.Graphics:   7/10Sound:       8/10AI:             9/10Gameplay:  9/10Multiplayer: 6/10Stability:     10/10The game has little to no bugs and I have never experienced a crash. If you are a fan of hard but rewarding gameplay then get this game and support developers who stood up against ignorance!PS If you are easily offended or do not understand history then please go back to CS:GO or COD and save yourself the brain strain."
76561198037503502,Not Recommended,306660,26189045,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,CoaxedX,"I initially loved this game.  It was a fun and simple Gettysburg simulator that allowed you to enjoy the carnage of the battle, instead of being caught up in micromanaging regiments and brigades.  However, after a period where I hadn't played in a while, I picked the game back up and noticed something was drastically different.In the previous version, you could tweak the AI on its difficulty, but generally the units were fairly well matched, the main determining factor of who won each engagement was terrain and morale.When I picked the game back up, I noticed that even on the easiest possible AI selection, my troops were decimated by the opposing army.  I thought maybe this was a boost to one particular side (I was playing as the Confederates at the time), but when I switched to the Union, I suddenly was being slaughtered by the Confederates!  I would possess the high ground with a Brigade of over +1,500 strong and watch as a smaller brigade of 800 in the exposed valley below would massacre over 400 of my men with a single volley.  It changed this game from a fun experience into a frustrating beatdown where the AI had the advantage in every single scenario.  I went from being able to obliterate the Union on day one in the previous version, to suffering a draw with the AI on the lowest difficulty setting after taking thousands more casualties than they did.  The first day should be an easy victory for the Confederates, that was how the battle actually took place after reinforcements arrived.Why did you break the game, guys?  This was so much better before the patch, but now it's made it practically unplayable."
,Recommended,306660,13170949,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dryerlint,"Now sir, I must decalre that I do like to put on my General Lee outfit, talk in a Southern accent and play this game with my friends on mumble, and I do like it very much. Sir it is my God Given right as an American and one of my undeniable I say UNDENIABLE freedoms to do such things and by God almighty hisselfs I shall not waiver in excersizing these rights PRAISE BE TO JEEBUS. Now my frieeeeends on mumble HALLELUJA can't see my General Lee outfit BUT I CAN AND THAT'S ALL THE MATT'RS!THE SOUTH WILL RIIIIISE AGAAAAIN!I'm from the West Coast."
76561197965949741,Recommended,306660,10432822,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,bizzy_357,"Good indie game. Have been looking for a civil war strategy game for a long time that is not a mod. It being an indie game is not bad. It reminds me of sids civil war game back in like 2000. Needs more work done definetly. It would be great to see the devs allow full control and placement of your troops like other rts games. Do definetly enjoy this game so far and hope it goes into further depth in unit control. Maybe a lil high priced for the restrictions of unit control. (update) I've put some more time into the game especially after the most current update and I have to say kudos!!! The game is really starting to feel rts now, given I am a person who prefers RTS over almost any other game, from the fist C&C to Startcraft, Warcraft, Shogun TW, Sid meier's civil war (look it up), all these titles I've enjoyed. Now this game is starting to feel like it should. One thing that would make the setting more right would be uniforms. For the union maybe add some regiments with red pants for custom battles but for the campaign definetly would be great to see a mix for rebel uniforms for we all know not all the rebs had decent military uniforms. That would be the next thing I would recommend on possibly doing. Great job Dev, this game I do recommend."
76561197986491587,Recommended,306660,13176292,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,DerangedFerret,"This is a highly unique RTS in a way that I've never really experienced before. It's absolutely one of my favorites and I'll definitely be playing it for a long time.It's hard to describe, but it's a game about managing your territory vs your strength. Each 'game' is essentially a single long battle that is punctuated by short breaks, so unit statistics carry all the way through. Morale and Condition of your troops are only restored a little bit between phases of battle, so they're a precious resource.Because of this the whole game has a fascinating flow to it where you have directed the whole campaign, as it escalates gradually into a massive battle. Did I mention that the reinforcements you receive appear from off-map in real-time, as they did historically? Because that's another thing that propels the battle onwards. New units are your resources.It's like a book illustration of a battle come to life.It's ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant. It's ♥♥♥♥ing perfect.It also has one of the most pleasant systems for unit control I've ever seen. You trace a path by holding down your cursor, and your units follow the path it leaves. It's so simple, and so effective it's stupid. It needs to become a thing.I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game 10/10 go ♥♥♥♥ing buy it right now"
76561198154902295,Recommended,306660,12855391,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,dshambach,"LOVE LOVE LOVE the game...hate...no...HATE HATE HATE that you cannot save in progress...I have had to abandon MANY games simply because of time, or kids, or whatever, and for the life of me I CANNOT figure out why I am NOT allowed to save in progress...its almost enough for me to give it up, but the game is GREAT...other little things that could be improved, but I would be very happy if I could just SAVE in progress..."
76561198098926432,Recommended,306660,13742970,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,pete,"Highly recommended. The AI is really good, and can be difficult to beat. The graphics are nice, but not as detailed as, say, Total War. for example, the soldiers are sprites, not polygons, so you cannot see much detail, and you cannot rotate the battlefield. Limited zoom too. However the scenario has lots of replay value, with a lot of different AI settings to chose from. Nice sound effects. The gameplay makes this worth buying, especially in the sale. If you like table-top style real time strategy games then give this a go."
,Recommended,306660,10434055,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Praetorian,"I have been talking with darth for awhile now, and i can say that this game is still going develop and expand.I truly believe that this game is great and very unique. This game has an artistic feel that satisfies.This game has great ai aswell, better than any total war ai.Good luck darth."
76561198018460505,Recommended,306660,14394874,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"An absolutely incredible game, after years of waiting for a game similiar to Civil War Generals 2, Sid Meiers Gettysburg etc. The A.I is absolutely phenomenal, and even if you manage to conquer it you're ultimately looking at an entire new experience on the Multiplayer system.   Although people are often turned off by the 1 battle concept, there are 84 different possible ""Engagements"" depending on how you do, statistics for casualties are listed at the end of every battle which is always a plus. Something about turning a hill into a literal heap of human flesh after thousands of minnie balls have found their targets is also extremely satisfying xD.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZQwD_wqXlA&list=TL4qhmA2jGI04"
,Recommended,306660,16712255,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Mwen,I bought it because the devs had the guts to stand up politely but firmly to Apple's fascism. I bought it from Steam instead of the gimmicky-other-game site because Steam had the guts to feature it in a tasteful way on their store page. Hope it's good so I can buy another copy for a friend.Plays best while listening to the Dukes of Hazzard theme song.
76561198103524168,Recommended,306660,13310390,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,CGGrognard,"Games based on the Battle of Gettysburg, Civil War (United States) in the past have had something missing, that left me, the player wanting for more.  Perhaps the best game on the Battle of Gettysburg, was Sid Meiers'; and it was great for it's day.  But technology has progressed much since then and for me at least, there was a desire to have a game based on the Battle of Gettysburg, using the latest programming techniques.  This game, Ultimate General: Gettysburg seems to take advantage of that.The game is easy to get into, with the AI controlling not only the opponent in single player, but your unattended units as well.  Commands, either by keyboard keys, or mouse clicks are easy to remember and not complicated at all.  Objectives are clearly presented before each battle, so there's an opportunity to plan your attack before entering the battle.  And with over 160 battles (Union and Conferderates combined, including the difficulty levels), there's plenty of ""play"" in this title, making if well worth the $15 (USD).What would make this title even more interesting is if the developer were to inclued a ""sandbox"" mode in SP, where one could create their own order of battles.  None the less, this title is versatile, and fun to play."
76561197963537992,Recommended,306660,12575041,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Ironvos,"I am a terrible general !And for once a game is actually not afraid to show me how terrible i am.The game doesn't hold your hand, there's a short tutorial that mainly explains your keybinds and some commands you can give to your troops.Other than that, you'll have to find your own way.And i'm ok with that, because the game doesn't require you to memorize build orders, or min-max with statistics or whatever you can think of that usually involves RTstrategy.The way you play is all very straight forward.You have your troops, you have the briefing and you choose your course of action, usually involving either staying on defense or going for an attack.Once on the battlefield it's all up to how good of a strategist you are. You move your regiments in an elegant way, allowing you to make swinging flanking manuevers or try a blitz attacks on the center or create choke points that limits the enemy's movement or whatever crazy idea you can come up with.Due to the slower pace of the game, your mistakes won't be immediatly noticable. You might be running your regiments into a death trap and you'll only find out 5 mins later, when it's too late to still salvage the situation, or is it? If you're a genius, maybe you can still turn things in your favour (i have yet to find out :p).In terms of content the game is somewhat limited.You only get to fight gettysburg, but it is split up into multiple battles spanning 3 to 4 days, with a few battles per day. So one campaign usually involves around 10 battles, but it varies.While this is limited, it does have a lot of replayability. Your success or failure on the battlefield will affect the next battles, so not one campaign will have the same outcome.On top of that there are 9 AI settings which can give you a different kind of opponent to fight which in turn can affect the way your campaign goes.And offcourse you can fight with either the Union or the Confederates giving you 2 different campaigns.Anyway, i think i've typed more than enough already.If you're a strategy fan then this is a must buy.Maybe you will like it, maybe you wont, but at 12€ you can't really go wrong.Even if you don't really like the game, i'm sure as a strategy fan you will appreciate what these developers have created.I eagerly await to see which campaign will be featured in the next ultimate general game."
,Recommended,306660,12626912,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,cpatricoo68,"I'm not usually inclined to review on games but it was the support that made me get this and I'd like to add my own to this pile.The AI makes this game. Rather than simply saying ""Easy, Normal or Hard"" The AI can be set to aggressive, passive, intelligent or bumbling and makes mistakes that feel so human. Defeat feels natural considering the battle enters ""phases"" of reformation. Playing with different styles makes it feel original without just giving the army unfair boons to make it more difficult. (I'm looking at you, Rome Total War 2.) The ebb and flow of battle really helps you understand how Gettysburg actually played out.Not convinced on buying this game yet? I'll run you through one of my scenarios. I'm running a pretty standard defensive set, sliding back, getting the high ground and letting the confederates smash their faces into my cannons. Feels good. On July 2nd I'm given an option to hold tight or extend the right flank to Benner's Hill. I'm winning pretty well on the right, so I go for it and win resoundingly. Reform the lines, and suddenly a confederate cavalry swings around and absolutely destroys my right. I overextended and bad, lost thousands and the retreat was sloppy. Had night not fallen I may have lost Cemetary Hill and the whole battle. For an hour and a half I blamed myself (not the game) and had to focus on getting beat, falling back, getting beat, falling back until we reformed completely. In the end it was a win for me but that battle lasted two more days because of my own mistake.It still felt great, but that isn't a feeling I've gotten from Rome Total War battles or Europa Universallis. Its always ""Well that guy is bigger. I'll wait until I'm bigger and then beat him."" Here, not so much. When do we get more games like this?!"
,Recommended,306660,12514726,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,GeneralHawk,"Tremendous effort.  Cannot recommend highly enough.   A must for any fan of strategy, tactical and/or war games."
76561197970302422,Recommended,306660,18483001,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Frankenstack,"I like this game. It's a very interesting gaming experience considering the low budget and small development team. The only negative thing that I can say about it is that I want more of it. A proper, fully fledged campaign mode would make it one of the best strategy games ever."
76561198005098388,Recommended,306660,22770591,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,DaMercOne,"It's a fun game that has a lot of annoyances that add up fast.-Line of sight, while good in theory, is completely broken. At times I would have regiments have to walk to within 20-30 feet of enemy regiments on the same level in order for them to start firing (and of course the entire time that they're walking up, the enemy regiment is shooting them to bits).-Morale is broken for the campaign. I don't know why they wouldn't have your troops get a morale boost inbetween engagements. The amount of times I started a battle with troops already about to rout was ridiculous. And then of course your reinforcements come in and are all ready to rout as well. No reason morale shouldn't be at 50% minimum at the start of a new engagement as opposed to 10-15%, particularly if you've had nonstop victories before.-Speaking of routing troops, this game suffers a major Total War flaw in that when one of your regiments breaks, they don't always retreat back towards you. I've seen countless regiments of mine break and proceed to run straight into the enemy army and just get annihilated. I just had an engagement where one regiment broke at 850 men and then proceeded to run around in circles in an open field why enemy artillery just destroyed them until they were down to 250 men and stopped retreating for some reason.-Charging seems to be broken. I tried it twice and both times my regiment charging engaged the first enemy regiment and then just kept walking through the first regiment to try and fight the ones behind it all at the same time. Maybe it was just some weird glitch for me but I quit trying after I basically lost two separate 1,000 man regiments from them doing that.-For some reason, having my troops on an elevated position and firing downhill at an enemy regiment results in my men taking more casualties regularly (I recall at least four separate occasions where I had 1,000+ man regiments with high morale and only facing one enemy regiment had this happen to them). I'm not sure I understand that logic.-The amount of time in engagements is pretty short. You can't ever wait to setup your forces before attacking because you'll have no time to actually capture your objectives.-The fact that I did a campaign as the CSA and had three different maps where I captured both Round Top and Little Round Top is just stupid, no more explanation needed.-What constitutes a victory/defeat is pretty inexplicable. I'll have a map where I inflict more than 8,000 casualties on the enemy than my own casualties and capture all but one of the control points and have it say a draw.-It also seems that the casualties don't actually matter much from past engagements. The AI always has several thousand more troops than you every engagement, regardless of how many you killed the previous one.This game is fun for about an hour or two before you want to just break your computer after all of these things add up. It has a lot of good ideas that just weren't executed well. The fact that troops don't get a morale boost inbetween engagements is inexplicible, particularly when you go to the next day. Line of sight is broken for the most part. I know this seems completely negative and that's mainly because most of the top reviews already outline all the positives from the game so I don't feel like doing the same. Like I said, it's fun for an hour or two and I do enjoy it. There are just a lot of small things that seem like they could be easily fixed but aren't."
76561198029843828,Recommended,306660,16710304,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,CapAnson,Apple wants to remove this game because of the Confederate flag?  Then I play this game on Steam.  It's fun.  And you get to see the Confederate battle flag.
,Not Recommended,306660,18153392,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Extra Fabulous,"I can't quite understand how this game is so loved, perhaps the following for civil war era RTS games has carried it perhaps i've missed something while playing it. Forewarning this review is exclusively of my experiences with the single player, the multiplayer may have been fantastic, but i'll never know.I'll start of by saying I'm quite a fan of RTS games. But this game absolutely wastes its potential in my mind, through a bunch of frustrating issues, that for me obviously were deal breakers.The AI.The issue isn't so much the enemy AI, altough it completely does broken crap all the time, as your own unit's AI being absolutely frustrating. Please explain to me how a 1000 strong unit can't destroy an exposed enemy artillery unit, or as to why it doesn't take literal seconds.Attack commands don't work as you would expect. Move commands also don't work as expected.Enemy AI routing is stupid. I've encircled you with the entirety of my army. Spent the billion minutes it takes in game to take the long way round your army with a sizeable handful of troops and a few cannons. I've decidedly turned the battle into my favour. Not only have your men realised how screwed they are, but now you're men have fled, and quite rightly so. The day is mine. Watch them flee!Then take hardly any damage. AS THEY LITERALLY RUN THROUGH YOUR LINES! No matter they've fled the battlefield? Apart from they bloody didn't. They've gone a 100 meters past your line. Decided that they day isn't quite lost and turned around to now shoot your exposed back. In a wonderous example of turning the battle now into their favour. This is futher compounded as more and more troops ""rout"" en masse to this new superb position, taking less casualties than if they had been ordered too. To now decimate the men you've sent to encircle them.Routing a cannon unit means they rout with the cannon. Why? Because when fleeing the enemy the first thing you do is hook up you cannon, load up your equipment, and ride away into the game equivalent of a sunset (which as previously mentioned is most likely your exposed flank)Your cannon's will not hit anything. That 2000 strong infantry unit? Nope. Might as well ask them to hit the moon. They will however happily destroy the ground around them. Remember how decimating an accurate cannon shot was in total war? Well these are nothing like that.Flanking.Why bother? Attacking an infantry's flank in this game provides you with no discernible advantage. No massive drop in moral or men. They just fight on like they normally would and usually get the advantage of you having not fired on them while you took the effort to flank. Just don't.Graphics and UI.Quite fine. The units are more like sprites with their unit strength above. If you were expecting men individually rendered you'll be dissappointed.The topological map is a nice touch. However due to the camera angle it can be visually hard to judge whether you are sitting in a defilade or not.Illogical crap.Can't for the life of me work out how to target enemy generals. They just stand there around their dying men then retreat to their other soldiers like they're trotting through a rose garden.The Default controls are some of the worse I've ever seen. Why is everything a group move. WHY CAN'T I TARGET THAT UNIT? I CAN SEE IT. I JUST CAN'T CLICK ON IT. STOP TARGETING THE INFANTRYMEN TARGET THE CANNONS. I'm pretty sure if i was a real general i'd have shot whoever commands half these units. Some difficulty ordering a charge to ordering a ranged attack. I gave up trying in the end.Conclusion.For me this game is incredibly frustrating and unrewarding. However if you are quite a fan of battles that take place during civil war era, you might be willing to discover the nuances required to play around your men's ineptitudes."
76561198006985948,Not Recommended,306660,15221350,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Steadtler,"I really want to like this game. Planning movement is nice, the ebb and flow of assaulting and defending ridges, since heights block fire and vision. But things just dont work as they should. I've got the entire opposing army surrounded in a valley south of the town. They are tighly packed with no cover and firearm and artillery fire is raining down on them from all sides. It should be a slaughterhouse. and yet... casualties end up being about even. Doesnt make sense.The game - the engine - has great potential but as it stands now it is an exercise in frustration."
76561198029473109,Recommended,306660,28095133,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,wimble_king,"In no other game have I had to PLAN my retreat when things didnt go my way, and I've never had to fight a delayed action in any game but this, theres a depth of strategy here that I had to learn from scratch, a defenite challenge for everyone who loves Napolean or Empire total war.Don't expect to play moderate right away. Its intense, and the number of troops in the fray makes retiring dwindling regiments key to maintainging your front line. Knowing when you are losing ground is key, knowing when your enemy is losing ground and not baiting you is key, you'l have to pull out of bad situations but unlike other games you still have the time and manpower to turn things around if you fight hard and smart enough.People talk about depth but hardly know what it truly entails, the tactics you'l be able to use is limited only by your cunning, An excellent game!"
,Recommended,306660,12748000,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,mikec_81,"This is probably one of the best historic ACW realtime strategy games out there.  Anyone with any interest in the American Civil War will want to have a copy of this and it is well worth the 15 dollars being charged for the game.  The games does a very good job balancing historical accuracy with playability and the visual presentation is stunning.At its core, this is an American Civil War tactics game with the brigade being the primary building block.  The battle of Gettysburg is represented as a series of scenarios  which represent significant engagements fought by the 2 armies.  Each brigade is modeled historically in terms of size and performance based on how they did at Gettysburg historically and their reputation throughout the war.  Each scenario sees the player commanding 8-10 brigades on average with accompanying artillery modeled as seperate units that take 30 minutes to an hour to complete.The primary gameplay is derived from testing the player on executing and making decisions using ACW linear tactics and  trying to present to the player an idea of problems that require solving by Division, Corps and Army level commanders during the Battle of Gettysburg.  This includes selecting good terrain that affords units  good cover and holding elevated positions as well as forming a coherent battle line which is not easily enveloped by flanking manouvers.  Learning when to hold reserves, where to hold them and how to attack positions are simulated and the decisions asked of the player reflect reasonably on historical tactics from the time period.  Morale management is also a serious consideration as units which are sent in on their own against overwhelming odds will break very quickly and become useless to the player in battle.The highlights of the game include the saving of unit casualties and position during the campaign as you shift from scenario to scenario.  Poor performance and excessive casualties earlier in the battle may come back to haunt the player as a subsequent engagment may have the player using depleted and exhausted brigades in later maps in the scenario.  This emphasises the need to preserve troops under player control as asking the player to balance between a potentially more costly victory in the immediate scenario and risk having shattered and demoralized troops  in later scenarios.In between each scenario, the player gets to make a strategic decision as to what the overall battle strategy should be employed which brings the player to the next scenario and map.  Completing a well executed campaign while minimizing casualties is very satisfying and there is great replayability in attempting to replicate historic decisions made by executing the battleplan better than your historical counter parts, or by ""what if scenarioes"" by selecting different strategies than the one actually taken historically (ie.  What if Euwell attacked Cemetary Hill on Day 1 instead of being cautious).  An overall order of battle listing at the end of each scenario gives the player easy to understand reports.Movement and control is both well executed and at times frustrating.  Moving units involves a simple system where you draw a movement path for each individual brigade you wish to move.  It is intuitive and easy to learn but the some more precise manouvers require you to either be able to visualise exactly how a brigade will form up out of march or require some tinkering to maximize use of cover which is very important to the game.Flaws in the game range from minor inconviences to omisions that should have been dealt with before release.  The most pressing problem is that this game is lacking on a good tutorial.  The one presently in the game is rather barebones and doesn't explain key concepts well to brand new players.Those players with a background with ""battle simulators"" whether they be from the aracadish Total War series or the more rigid and historical offerings such as Civil War Generals 2 or the Close Combat series will adapt quickly as will anyone with a solid background in ACW or Napolenoic linear tactics.For those who are not well versed in historical tactics or are used to Command and Conquer / Starcraft style gameplay will be in for a shock and there have been frequent forum posts by such players not understanding core mechanics.  A good tutorial will go a long way to resolving the issue.Line of sight obstruction is another inconviences as the game does not relay easy to read information and lines of fire can be obstructed by things which are not always obvious.  A player set up a position he thinks is advantageous only to find his units do not have line of sight covering areas he expects to be covered as enemy troops come up.   Similarly, areas where the thinks he is obscured from line of sight may unexepectedly be open.Others may find historical inaccuracies jarring though in my opinion as a historic gamer, the developers have made a decent trade off between playability and historic representation.  For example there is a vocal player in Early Access that has continually stated that artillery is anachronistically to powerful.  I personally have not found it to be so and in most battles the game sims out, artillery casualties are well within line of the 8-10% casualties caused as accepted by most historians.Overall this is not a perfect product but it is a very enjoyable one and for 15 dollars, its is a steal."
76561198253557567,Not Recommended,306660,25935860,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,sjcolmus,"The pros: Beautiful board, and fairly addictive gameplay that's pretty easy to grasp. Bears repeated playing.The cons: The damage calculation is embarrassingly bad and slanted heavily in favor of the A/I. A single battery of 120 troops (6 cannons) is somehow capable of routing a brigade of 1,200+ men in a stand-up fight - as if that ever happened in the actual Civil War. A/I infantry brigades are virtually unbeatable head-to-head no matter the numerical superiority and can lose 90% of their men without routing. I've won the battle multiple times and NEVER lost less than the A/I. The artillery is also frustratingly hard to use effectively - sometimes they'll be unable target an enemy unit directly in front of them, despite no obstructions. It's also kind of weak the units go no smaller than the brigade level.On the whole it's a lesser version of Sid Meier's Gettysburg - better looking, but the engine is nowhere near as good."
76561198061879309,Recommended,306660,13448165,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,greenmushroom23,"everyone should buy this gameits stupid fun, easy to learn, but hard to masterarmchair generals would enjoy10/10"
76561198043341279,Recommended,306660,16700673,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,GHOST MAKER,"Games Awesome, great game play and it's even better now cause it offends people. It is my kind of game."
76561197979920540,Recommended,306660,23716651,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Adric,"Let me say upfront that I enjoy UG:G quite a bit.  I hadn't played a Civil War strategy game in many years, not since the classic American Civil War, published by iMagic (who, amazingly enough, are actually still around, unlike most of their contemporaries).  This game, though, was developed by the indie company Game-Labs.  If you want to know upfront if I'd recommend this game, the answer is yes, with just one caveat - although the tutorial is adequate, its still pretty basic, and the online guide is missing some things, as well.  So, if you really don't like having to work some things out on your own, or consult Steam guides, you might give it a pass.Now, for some more detailed Pros and Cons:PROS- Strong presentation.  There's not much music, but the opening/title screen theme is nice, and the sound effects in gameplay are realistic.  The portraits for the different generals, colonels, majors, etc. are all well-done, and aren't just lifts of old black-and-white photos.  The map is very nice, quite accurate and detailed.- The AI is very good, and comes with a lot of customization - there are nine, different AI settings, based on aggressiveness and difficulty, and you can mix and match to create your desired strength of opposition.  There is also a Boost AI setting that can be enabled, though I have yet to be brave enough for that.- You can tell that the designer is knowledgeable about both Civil War and Gettysburg history.  I just recently finished Gettysburg by Allen C. Guelzo, and UG:G gets almost everything correct.- Branching scnarios - let's say you're playing as the Union, and you manage to hold onto the northern ridges in town through the first day, instead of losing them to the Confederates as per history.  This will prompt the game to give you options for your next strategy - launch an attack on a Confederate position, or withdraw to the southern ridges.  If you choose to extend your right flank with an attack on the Confederates and succeed, this will then also lead to additional, non-historical scenarios.  This is also true for the other side, but I have only played as the Union forces so far.- Replay value - you would think that a single-battle game might not have much, but I've been through it several times now; partially to see if I can score a more decisive victory than was recorded in history, and partly because I haven't done as well as I would like to, and want to achieve better results.  The different, branching paths, plus the possibility of a Pyrrhic victory (winning the battle but losing too many troops) are strong motivators to play some more.CONS- Although the branching scenarios are great, sometimes they can be a bit perplexing.  For example, as the Union, I secured part of the map that historically had been lost on the first day of fighting.  While this did lead to the branching paths described above, the text briefings indicated that I'd had to reteat to Seminary ridge anyway.  While losing the ground outright does not result in an option to launch an attack to take it back, such that your strong performance still results in a change of sorts, it would be nice if all of the scenarios branched directly off the actual results.  Most do, but some don't.  I suspect this disconnect comes from trying to create alt-history divergences that still fit into the original scope of the battle.  It's not a huge problem, but it's somewhat disarming.- Some aspects of gameplay, while fully revealed during the course of play, are not explicitly mentioned in the tutorial.  Artillery fire, for example.  When you select an artillery unit, you'll get an FOV cone and can click on enemies within the unit's FOV to attack.  If the FOV cone is darkened, rather than bright, that means the unit has no line of sight.  Likewise, if you click on an enemy unit to attack, and it simply flashes briefly but does not remain highlighted in red, that unit is not within your artillery unit's line of sight.  No line of sight = no firing.  When you click on a unit that is within your line of sight, the enemy soldiers are highlighted in red, not just for a moment.  If you click over somewhere else and come back to your artillery unit, it's targeted enemy will still show up in red highlights.  These are the visual cues that tell you whether your artillery is placed correctly so that it will attack the enemy, but you have to figure them out through gameplay rather than being told explictly.  Honestly, I expect to spend a lot of time with a strategy game, learning, so it's not a big gripe on my end.Overall, I think this is a very good game, with good presentation, good historical accuracy, nice design, branching scenarios and most importantly, it's a lot of fun.  There are a couple of issues that may render it unsuitable for some, depending on their preferences, but I think that most Civil War enthusiasts will enjoy it."
,Recommended,306660,14080503,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,NightMorph,"- Highly Recommended Title -One of the best strategy titles I own, and one of the best games developed to date. UG:Gettysburg is a lesson on what to do right. Immersive game-play, stunning visuals (just love the little puffs of gun-smoke), a dedicated dev team whom engaged frequently with the steam community throughout duration of early access and developed a game, for gamers. It also has a fantastic multiplayer experience. Out of the two civil war titles I own (Battleplan: American Civil War, is the other) its the best, but B:ACW is still a fine game in it's own right.UG:Gettysburg - a must have for war strategists and armchair generals.Game Score: 10/10"
76561198007362873,Recommended,306660,12535069,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Harnis,"First of all, I am an early backer and have been testing and playing this game since it was released on Steam Greenlight/early access.Graphics:the graphical style of the game is fantastic. It gives an impression of a large battlefield, while still showing enough detail. Everything is clear and crisp, with the smoke and explosions looking great, and the battlefield getting littered with dead bodies. The landscape is a beautiful rendition of the land around Gettysburg, and you will easily pick out all the historical spots, like the Cemetery, The Peach Orchard, Devil's Den, The Round Tops, The Angle, etc.Gameplay:The battles are fluid and smooth. You can either play individual battles, or play the full 3-4 day Battle of Gettysburg campaign. Factors like morale and casualties carry over to the next battles, so managing your soldiers is important, and fresh reserves are valuable. The game is relatively balanced between the two sides, with each side having its own advantages. The battles give fairly realistic casualty results, and the battle lines ebb and flow as soldiers push forward or fall back. The AI is probably the best I've ever seen in an RTS game like this, and on the hardest difficulties provides a formidable challenge most of the time. The AI will fall back, use its reserves, launch assaults and flanking maneuvers, etc. The game is very replayable, with the campaign having many different branching outcomes based on your decisions and performance in battles, and you can play against different AI personalities who have very different playstyles, giving a different experience every time.Sound:good. The cannons and muskets and rifles sound great, and give a good ambiance to the battles. You hear the men shouting, guns firing, trumpets sounding, and it gives a great feeling of the intensity of the fighting going on.The music in the game is decent. Not outstanding, but it is acceptable.Realism:Overall, the game is a fairly realistic representation of the Battle of Gettysburg, with three large exceptions:1) the performance of cavalry. Cavalry in the game are way more powerful and influential than they ever were during the American Civil War. In the early battles, the fictional ""Vidette"" units are capable of wiping out artillery batteries and are more resilient to getting shot than they should be. In the later battles, when the Union and Confederate Cavalry divisions arrive, they are able to cause massive casualties in melee. The cavalry are simply not historically accurate in the game.2) artillery. In the game, artillery units show men rolling around cannons. They move very slowly, and are quite resilient against gunfire, leading to the possibility of using artillery units like tanks to push forward into the enemy. They also tend to inflict more casualties than they did historically. Historically, ACW artillery had horses and limbers that allowed them to limber and move around the battlefield quickly, even faster than infantry marching. This prominent feature is notably missing from the game. In short, artillery should be more mobile, but also more vulnerable to casualties.3) entrenchments and breastworks: historically, infantry entrenchments and breastworks were a pivotal part of the American Civil War, particularly at Gettysburg. While cover (like forests, fences, rocks, etc) do give a sizable cover bonus to infantry, there is no feature simulating how infantry holding a position for an extended time would dig in and fortify it, making it very hard for the enemy to push them off (see Culp's Hill).Controls:Controls are very easy and fast. Extremely intuitive. The way you can give movement orders by dragging a path is perfect.OVERALL:This is a great game, and I would definitely recommend it. It is very fun, sports top-notch AI, and is a very unique game. While it has some serious historical inaccuracies, it is still a good game. I personally hope that the devs introduce some modding support eventually, so that players can fix those inaccuracies themselves. I am looking forward to future sequels and expansions, as well as future patches to the game.Oh, and I wish they would work on an Android version, and not just one for iPad."
76561198007392268,Not Recommended,306660,10525115,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mogli,"[DISCLAIMER: This is a review of an early access game. Since it was written for the (very) first version of early access UG:Gettysburg, quite a lot of changes have been made in the meantime. For example, a terrain/elevation-overlay has been added. However, I think that my main critique, which touches some fundamental/design issues (delay of orders, no proper information/uncertainties/fog of war-system, etc.) are still valid.]My negative vote or this game surely is an individual decision, and I can also understand that other people give positive reviews. It certainly depends on what type of player you are and what kind of game you expect. Even though the game is still in early access stadium, it's highly unlikely that the game will be changed so much as to cater for a different player-type.If you're searching for a historically inspired, light weight and uncomplicated tactical game, you're spot on with Ultimate General. The presentation is its strongest asset: the map has a very nice and addictive art style, the little smoke clouds and flying bullets that your soldiers' muskets produce are just adorable and the sound effects are great. It really feels like a table top game come alive. Another strong-point for me are the controls which feel very slender and streamlined, and ""painting"" movement-path-arrows on the map gives you the proper general-feeling. There are still some issues that will hopefully be improved (terrain-elevation-overlay is desperately needed, e.g.).As for the actual game-mechanics, they're certainly successfull in providing you with a lot of back and forth and indeed there is a certain dynamic in the battles. However, if you're trying to look a bit deeper, my experience was that you don't really have to make a lot of interesting tactical decisions. The scenarios, albeit or rather because they're using historical setups, feel very restricted. In fact I sometimes get the feeling that all I can do in the game is to move my preset army towards the opponent/objectives and react ad hoc on whatever happens. There is no need for planning. Although the game is set on a grand tactical level (the standard units are brigades, not battalions), the game imho fails to deliver the tactical depth that this scale could offer. This is partly due to the restricted scenarios that don't give you enough space and time (to do anything else than just straight out attacking/defending) and partly due to the lack of the most important aspects of warfare: information and communication. There is a line-of-sight feature implemented in this game, but you can instantly see everything that any of your units can see. It's a problem that besets most ""mainstreamy"" tactical games (unlike, e.g. Scourge of War, or the Combat Mission series for WWII), that do not want to exchange visual appeal with tactical depth: instant satellite view. There cannot be any wargame or ""simulation"" if there is instant satellite view. Another important factor is that there are no delays of orders whatsoever. Taken together, instant reaction and instant information lead to a gaming experience that has no ""simulation""-character whatsoever, and is focused on (fast) clicking and ad-hoc reaction rather than carefull thinking, planning, anticipation. I fear that this aspect will be even more perceptible in multiplayer battles (not yet in the game).So, if you'd describe yourself as a die-hard grognard and if you're looking for a wargame/tactical SIMULATION, Ultimate General might not be to your liking, or at least it won't be the game you were expecting. But for the current price, you can't really go wrong either. To me it's a nice, slender and light-weight game with a minor tactical appeal that doesn't really force the player to do a lot of brainwork. The AI seems to do okay most of the time (I can't really share the euphoria in other reviews though), which is probably partly due to the fact that there are not too many important tactical variables to be taken into consideration, and also because the game pace is very fast (the player can't have his eyes everywhere, the AI can!).So, for my personal taste, the game is not ""simulationist"" enough. It has not distanced itself enough from ""arcadey"" (i.e. fast click, don't think!) mainstream games like the Total War series. I would have wished for a game more inspired by actual wargames, in which you have to make lots of important decisions, deal with uncertainties, anticipate."
76561198025075998,Recommended,306660,28027003,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,2FA_jj,"The system requirements for this game are pretty light so if you have an old computer, this will play just fine.I can only think of maybe one negative about this game and that's how strong the Union arty is. Needs a  nerf or something because it just doesn't seem balanced compared to the Confederates' arty. I know they had production problems with shells but this just seems out of balance to me. Just my opinion.What I love is how unit casualties carry over and also trying to do new things on day 1 to see how the battle ends up. Buy the game and put on some Civil War-themed music in the background."
76561197994745360,Recommended,306660,16707947,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,nuclearc,Get it now before the national socalists in America try to ban it for having a confederate flag on the label. Perhaps after they get this banned they can head to the library and start burning books.
,Recommended,306660,24612456,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Darth,"When I ran this game for the first time and started a battle, it didn't convinced me to itself, but after one hour it got my heart - Ultimate General: Gettysburg is an outstanding strategy, where taking strategic points and pushing your opponent off the field is the most important.To manage a win you need to use your units wisely - taking care of morale and condition does matter, because it has huge impact on battle abilities, and if both are too low brigades won't be effective in combat. However there are much more thigs you should  watch for, commanding is very simple and everyone can become a real general.Unique, beautiful graphics style, sounds of battle and authentic map of Gettysburg encourages to get more information about  bloodiest battle ever fought on American soil between Army of Northern Virginia (CSA) and Army of Potomac (USA) and lot of joy and satisfaction from playing.We can play  Campaign, where we choose to fight as Confederate or Union general, fight some single, Custom Battles with many, different AI difficulty levels or face people thanks to Multiplayer in 1v1 fight on several maps.Multiplayer is very emotional - although there are not as many maps as in singleplayer, there is enough number of battles we can fight with another player. By winning we rank up from 2nd lieutenant to Lieutenant general.Also, there are differences between CSA and USA soldiers - Rebels are more courageous veterans; Yankees are less brave and experienced, but have better equipment and deploy more efficient artillery.Personally, I would recommend this game not only to people who are interested in American Civil War and love strategies, but to everyone who likes military history. UGG, created by a small group of passionates can compete even with biggest well-known strategy games."
76561198037085196,Recommended,306660,10433217,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Burgerman,A great master peace by darth and game labs.That I would rate 10/10 for best game by darth because.Has very challenging AI.Beautiful map and sound effects.Also very cool scenerios.Can't wait till the full game is released will multiplayer.
,Recommended,306660,13230098,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Light-Knight,"Positive. Very positive. If, as has been said countless times, you remember Sid Meirs Gettysburg released around 1997 or so, then pick this up at its good price. It, for me, bit that bug so long ago I had (I remember trying to replay SM:G several years ago and to get it working on modern tech was just too much hard work. Unfortunatly its not on GoG either, so its gonna be harder with mutli core 64 bit systems) from playing it. This game is good, the AI is challenging, could be better, but its not terrible and will keep you interested. The feel for the battlefield is great, the graphics are good with smoke from your musket volleys and cannons, good sound effects (although I think Sids game had that one much better..but hey not that important), and it makes good use of the Unity engine - a very adaptable thing.Its a tactical game, not strategic although your playing the whole day of Gettysburg and the game is split into time segements and after each time period you have several strategic choices to make, like holding the line, retreat to defensive positions etc..and thats a neat thing. Your casualties carry over from each time period, so use your Iron Brigade wisely in the first part...Its interesting, its a good homage I would call it rather than a clone of SM:G; this is like a game that has been missed since the late '90s...Recommended."
76561197970982479,Recommended,306660,14767735,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,MillionMonkey (back 11/10),Surprisingly good. It takes some time to get used to the flow as the entire battle is made up of multiple engagements over multiple days with different corps (depending on your success in previous engagements). However this leads to a delightful tactical and strategic setting where you won't angrily reload saved games if you happen to lose in an area because you know you'll hit them somewhere else.The AI is good enough that I haven't seen a need to try multiplayer yet. The developers are also continuing to release balance patches.Ideal for people who feel the battles in Total War games are dry and simplistic but more serious tactical games are too much of a commitment.
,Not Recommended,306660,15519826,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Best Waifu,"This game was great before the last patch.Lets pretend that we all know the pros and cons about this game so that I can get to talk about the AI in this game.They made it the most prominent point of UG. And yes the AI is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥but not for the good reasons.You will find it cruel and unfair, capable of pulling out tricks no human could do. It knows how to render your charge useless by making it's unit pull back the micro-second before yours can engage it in hand to hand combat. Then it will drag your unit to the very end of the map and if you try to pull back the AI will start shooting it litteraly decimating your ranks.But in term of general strategy the AI only knows how to crush you head on with charges and canons. And some of those charges are completly stupid and you start wondering why it did it.The AI also know the states and morales your units are in while you have no way of knowing the state his units are in and hardly what your owns are in.And you can't try any daring strategy because of that, try to get one unit out of the raange of your general to flank his units and you will blankly watch as it get one shot by one battery of canons and one unit of infantry. Losing hundreds of men or the whole unit in the process.For those reasons I cannot recomend the single player, a frustrating and utterly cheat experience."
,Not Recommended,306660,20441315,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Tiler,"This isn't a bad game. However, its a game that very much seems to resent being played.Firstly, if you want to play this game, you must read this guide written by a dev (http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=533709146). It details some of the mechanics that are not covered well, or at all, in the ingame tutorial, or guide. or otherwise conveyed in any way by the game interface.This game plays very similarly to Sid Meier's Gettysburg, and can be thought of as a spiritual successor. If you had played that game and enjoyed it, then you will probably find something to enjoy from this game as well. The game is a single ""battle"" that takes place over several engagements; battle setups are generally pre-arranged scenarios with some variance depending on what occurred in previous stages, and what stages are available later depends on what ""victory points"" are controlled by what side at the end of an engagement. Reinforcements are also scripted, with some variance on their arrival times; their actual arrival times and locations are not told to you, which can lead to your army being suddenly flanked if you're unlucky.The AI is fairly competent, and benefits from the mechanics of the game being fairly forgiving towards the occasional boneheaded move that the AI is wont to try to do; units are fairly resilient, preferring to rout rather than die, and as the battle takes place over a series of ""engagements"" with escalating troop counts, earlier loses become irrelevant, as even when the AI loses over half its total forces, it will still easily match or outnumber your forces. However, even though the AI is frequently a selling point, its capacity to provide a challenge comes more from the nature of game mechanics than the AI being terribly clever. The AI also has a propensity to ""know"" gameplay rules that players are forced to guess at (the AI will never have difficulty managing its cannons, for instance, and is also able to ""guess"" where it can position its forces perfectly to avoid your own guns) and to know when, for instance, it will win a charge, when yet again, a player must estimate.The AI gets to avoid much of the frustrations with a very fickle ""Cover"" mechanic, where a player must yet again guess at which terrain and facing will result in high cover based on the often tiny features on the map; a minute distance can result in a huge drop in unit cover, and the game's control scheme, based on drawing movement lines on a map, are deeply unsuited for these tiny adjustments you must make for each one of your units. Map features can also block LOS, which can at least be deduced by clicking on your unit, but a problem arises where a unit can fail to have a firing line while still having a clear LOS, leaving you deeply confused why a unit or cannon battery ""refuses"" to fire. There is no feature on the interface that tells you when or why this happens.The AI also does not have to cope with one of the game's selling points, the ""Unit Self Awareness"", that causes your own units to move and act on their own, often to your great disadvantage. Although the idea of removing ""micromanagement"" is an attractive one, this ""helpful"" feature (than cannot be disabled except via a very limited ""Hold"" command) means that your units will often move on their own, often out of cover and into great danger, for a variety of undocumented reasons. Ironically, this means that, compared to games such as the Total War series, you will be forced to actively micromanage your units to a far greater degree, lest they decide to wander down your own battle lines while under fire, blocking the rest of your troops from shooting. Your units also very stubbornly will refuse to change targets once this ""Self Awareness"" AI decides what they are to shoot at.Much of the game mechanics must be guessed at; knowing, for instance, what contributes to a units morale dropping (a incredibly critical feature) is not documented, only hinted at in a frustratingly coy manner. The advice from the development team seemed based on the idea that their game is highly realistic and much of their mechanics are ""common sense""; suffice to say, I do not agree with this viewpoint, and much of the difficulty of the games involved coming to grips with unintuitive and undocumented elements, leading to an incredibly grating experience when things fail to behave as you'd expect, and leads to a huge ""trial and error"" element; given that the battles are so slow paced, combined with the strictness of the battle time limit, means having things go horribly wrong due to factors you can only guess at is rather unforgivable.This is the primary reason I cannot recommend this game in good faith; although there is much to praise about this game, even in comparison to more popular titles, the constant issues of coping with a variety of frustrating design decisions and defects taints much of the experience, even in comparison to the game it borrows so much of its mechanics from, Sid Meier's Gettysburg. If you are willing to put with with a lot of frustration, there is a good tactical wargame worth playing here. But this is a game that does very, very little to win itself over in comparison to other series."
,Recommended,306660,13823381,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,diversity is white genoside,"I haven't played too many RTS games in my life but I'm going to say this is my favorite RTS game of all time. It is a spiritual successor to Sid Meier's Gettysburg! and it is probably one of the best spiritual successors ever made. The battle system is very easy to get into but it's also complex and hard to master. I highly recommend this if you are into the civil war and when you play this, do yourself nice favor and listen to confederate songs while playing(To Arms in Dixie). I also wear my johnny rebel cap and my confederate aviators while playing this. So glad I got this on the Winter Sale. One of the best purchases I have ever made on steam."
76561198008855934,Recommended,306660,12578622,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,CountArach,"I have played many tactical or strategic Civil War games, each of which has a focus on different aspects of the period and different pros and cons. In Ultimate General, I would argue, you get amongst the best all-round experience of warfare in the period. The AI is really tough. The unit combat 'feels' authentic with reasonable casualty numbers resulting from the different sorts of fire. The scenario-to-scenario system owrks really well and allows for lots of different 'what if' scenarios to emerge from your gameplay. Finally, the control system is FAR more intuitive than just about any other game for this period. You can pick up the controls within a handful of minutes. All in all a fantastic experience."
76561198047975925,Recommended,306660,12843796,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Jack Mehoff,"Extremely fun and dynamic game. I love how the battles aren't static and important strategic positions on the battlefield will change hands, which leads to tough melee and and close quarter fights. The aspect of carrying over cassualties from the previous battles further adds more realism to the game as every move no matter how strategically important has a significant role, in the overall outcome of the battle of Gettysburg."
,Recommended,306660,12590528,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Renegadeboy,"If you have played Sid Meier's Gettysburg! you must play this game. The basic idea of the game is you either control the Union or Confederate army during the Battle of Gettysburg. The campaign lets you make choices before each battle which can greatly change how the campaign plays out as the ""maps"" you play on and the unit layout will change. (i.e. Attack their flank or stay back and defend a ridge will lead to different battles). The controls may be simplified but because of this, it makes the game greatly enjoyable. To move units, you select them and trace their movement path with your mouse. There is no unit formation selection or anything like that which lets you focus on your overall tactics. The game is very easy to get into but difficult to master since you must learn to use the terrain to your advantage. In terms of difficulty, you have a great way of selecting the AI as you select your difficulty on a graph chart. You can select an AI that is careful but smart, an aggressive idiot, or some form of combo (you have 9 different choices). There has been many times where the AI has surprised me with it's tactics and pushed me across the map after I thought I had won. For anyone who likes rts games or history (especially if you played Sid Meier's Gettysburg!) I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,306660,10975410,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Attila,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg is a game that successfully manage to recreate a realistic, plausible and logical line battle experience at the right pace.It divide the battle of Gettysburg into difference phase where either side has a chance to either attack or defend against larger or smaller forces that are persistent from one battle phase to the other.After each phase you have sometime the opportunity to make some strategic choice as to where you would like to position your forces in order to attack the other side or wait for reinforcements, leading to some variations as to where your campaign is fought.You also have to possibility to choose a good variety of AI behavior in the way it fight leading to potentially some replayability.Visually speaking the game has a colorfull apperance that make you confortable and happy to play it.When it comes to the UI it's very simple to click and drag your units arround the place and you have ultimatly more options to control your units than you would have in any Total War game resulting in a much more realistic battle of movements.Movement in the game is key to victory and using the terrain is also very important every position with cover preserve your units from getting killed as well as being targeted, leading to a refined war of movement as well as the necessity to building up forces on a specific location to chase away well positionned forces by breaking their moral.The moral in the game is an important element as it was during the real line battle. The game make the moral very sensitive and that can take a short while to get used to, while feeling believable. Very few troops will stay in line, while half of there man are dying, in the middle of a field under musket and artilery fire as it should be.This game current flaw is that it's very focused in terms of campaign to Gettysburg. Since Gettysburg is the entire point of the game, it's justifiably so. On the other hand, if the battle system of this game was mixed with a grand scale strategy game such as Victoria II or even something as simple as Risk with a multiplayer element added as well. This game, game mechanic would have an enormous potential of endless entertainement.We can only hope that this is a prototype game that will lead to the developpement of something greater in the future.So I indeed recommend peoples to buy this game, it's a lot of fun for a low price and it will make you happy for a while."
,Recommended,306660,11011437,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Thomas J. Jackson,"I have waited for this game to work properly, and it seems that the latest update worked for me. All I have to do now is just go into my Library, right click the game, and launch it an alternative way. This is a VERY GOOD GAME, I can see potential for it to branch off into something bigger and better than what it already is. If I had to rate this game from 1-10, with 10 being the ABSOLUTE Best, and 1 being the ABSOLUTE Worst, I would give it an 11. Some of you may not like it, but I am telling you, you will love it. As you know, it revolves around the battle of Gettysburg, July 1-3rd, 1863. You can also choose your path as to what you will do, like a startegic campaign, if you will. There are 9 different AI Characteristics that you can choose from, and this game has THE BEST AI I have ever seen in a game. Congrats to the UG:G Team for thier awesome game!"
,Recommended,306660,27001617,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zacharybinkss,"As a Southerner I appreciate the ability to play as my long dead kinfolk and even win the war. That being said, I immediately felt awkward and made myself play through once more to rectify that.10/10 - Would alter history, feel dirty, change it back again."
76561198034659543,Recommended,306660,16942556,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,PeterP *T*R*Y*,"AWESOME game!!! I really enjoy the detail they put into the map. The map allows for victory by utilizing strategic high ground or cover on the map. Perhaps the one thing that is disturbing is the ridiculous power of artillery in the game. I use this to my advantage and beat people all the time, but to be fair, I SHOULDN'T be able to move artillery around the map like little tanks and blast infantry away using canister. We're talking 1,000 men in most brigades, and when they fire at an artillery batallion, it should take just one volley to obliterate a battery of 70 men.Other than that gripe, the game is INCREDIBLE for strategy buffs! Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,306660,12748993,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,(PG)Wojna,"First, let me start off by saying, if your a total war fan, or a fan of other very RTS games with frontline action and controlability, then BUY THIS GAME. RIGHT NOW.Now then... Ive had this game since it was in a state of human vs AI only, and it was suggested by a clan leader and friend of mine whom i saw play quite frequently. He told me the features and i was pretty psyched to say the least. Just so i dont make this review paragraph based, let me number off the pros and cons and info.Pro's:1. The Dev and The AI BehaviorThis game was made by a popular Mod developer for the total war series, more specifficaly, the Darth Mod series. yes, same guy. And please take very good note of this, THE AI WILL KICK YOUR♥♥♥♥♥ Im VERY suprised CA hasnt hired this guy for the Total War series yet for thier new A.I. behavior manager! The Computer acts just like a human in some if not all instances depending on the way you want it to act, its VERY releiving to see a compinant AI smashing a human player. If you buy this game, thinking that its just another game that youll steam roll the AI in, your wrong. Period.2. Genuine BattleField terrain and locationsI live in mid Michigan, and the Gettysburg battlefield is roughly 300 miles away. I am also a dedicated Civil War reenactor, and historian, and i have been to Gettysburg and other battle sites multiple times. I must say, the developer has really put time into making the battlefield map as authentic as possible. By doing so, he has the terrian set just right, theres ALOT of small locations like the Penn. College, and several small areas like family houses, mansions and farmhouses with titles signifying the property. This really adds to your sence of thinking, like instead of thinking, 'Gotta hold that house' or 'Hold that hill' your more in a state of mind saying 'Hold the Henery House Property', 'Hold Oak Ridge', 'Defend the Unsbruck road'. It all makes you feel like more of a gerneral than most offical game companies for RTS and frontline action.3. Realistic Chain of Command and RegimentsInstead of Regimental numbers and which state their from, theres titles to mark each regiment, or birgade by their colonel, core leader, or the actual nick name they had during the war. Like the Iron Birgade, The Texan Birgade, Bucktail Birgade, Irish Birgade, Kelly's Birgade, and thats just to name a few of the nick named. Other more common units are named after historical regimental commanders and birgadier generals who were present at the battle. THAT is true dedication to the games authenticity :)4. A very high sence of carnage and urgencyMost people dont mindor think about this, but i beleive every war game should have sound effects of not only weapons, but voices and screaming and other things to give a more sence of the heat of battle. Whenever i engage the enemy, the new sounds of battle erupt and i feel like im more rushed or needed of concentration just to see it through. Plus, bodies stay where they lie, and it makes the feild more littered with the dead to give a better sence of war horror and chaos. One time, me and a freind playing online (explained later) fought over a wheat feild for nearly 20 minutes, and in that time, it switched posetion between us nearly 17 times! It was grusome!5. Simple but very robust multiplayerDont expect this game to have a server or host list, but instead it has a mainly matchmaking based mulitplayer system. better yet, it even ranks your person and you can even select avatars! Though theyre only portraits of generals from both the Union and Confederacy, and nothing much else, which is a little dissapointing.6. WHERES THE REINFORCMENTS!?Throughout the 3 days at the battle of Gettysburg, both armies were conjured in a day or so by the arrival of reinforcements from different roads in order to manifest their armies into a whole. Reinforcemnets, are DEPENDED upon in this game to ensure victory for either side, and its very nerve racking to wait for their arrival. They even come in various sizes, types, and diractions to the feild of battle. So it really dicates where they can help most immediately, or spend time to get to another area.7. The enemy army is breaking camp, let us do the same...During a human vs AI battle, the fight can last to a max of 4 days or so. You only have so much time in a day to capture all objective locations or to route the enemy army until both sides being too exhausted to fight and break camp for the next day fallowing. Whats even more cool is that the gains or losses you make in one day can influence the lines of battle for the day fallowing, THAT is awsome and i cant even beleive no RTS game developer companies have even considered making that system an element in their games yet without making it for the prupose of cinimatic.Cons:1. The line of sight for cannonsCannons were a must have in both armies during the period, but in this game, it takes alot to get them operating effeicantly. Cannons must be set up with a proper line of fire in order to fire on the enemy, so youll be CONSTANTLY checking your artilleries line of fire. It also sucks that the Ai cant even automatically deploy them to a favored postion after being ordered to attack a certian enemy. I even had a battery of cannons on a hill overlooking an open feild in which the enemy were crossing, and they didnt even open fire! The enemy was completely exposed as well, and it even cost me the battle because they didnt open fire even though they were overlooking a hill. Be aware, the LOF for artillery peices, are VERY picky.2. Poor/Slow morale recharge and gainIn game, Southern armies have more of a moral boost because historically, they were mostly made of volunteers willing to fight, whislt most of the Northern armies have lower moral sicne alot where drafties and didnt even want to be in the army in the first place. However, once moral is depelted for a unit, its over for them. They might as well leave the feild because theyll be so useless. I had a birgade of 1280 southern men, and after being repulsed, they automatically got behind the lines to safety, but the moral was jacked. i checked on them and their morale seemed fine enough to get back into the action, but as soon as they get near the fight, theyre morale was depleted, and mind you none of them were even fired upon when that happened. Even on the Northern side more especially, if a units morale goes below 20%, its over for them. They wont have the will to fight anymore. This needs to have at least a curtiosy balance or fix to be more acceptable.3. Once more into the breech men!... men!?...Charging the enemy is a needed factor in the game, but it needs to be a little tweaked. The Confederate armies have the benifit of actually fallowing through a charge but the Union wont even charge at all. Theyll hold their ground with great dediction, but a charge, even against the smallest units, just kills the moral of the Union units and they all run away before a charge even commences. It somewhat defeats the purpose of have a charge option while playing as the Union.Final Verdict:This game came out of the blue, and it wasnt another board game based civil war game nor a mod for a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥RTS. Ultimate General is a slight arcade like game but its a mus thave for all RTS fans and those of 'frontline' combat. Like i said however, some tweaking might have to be done here and there, but the Pro's far outway the Con's.I give this game, a 7/10 in its current state.8/10 if your a Civil War history fanatic or an RTS fanatic for that matter, AND if the developer tweaks the strengths and weaknesses and morale of both sides.This game DESERVES to be a series, not only that for JUST the Civil War era, but maybe Napoleonic Wars, 1700 Wars, Crimean War; it DOES have great potential! And i encourage the dev to keep up dedicated work!"
,Recommended,306660,16728912,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,FGTclub|Bruce<3,Voting with my $$ to support a game that was unfairly removed due to having the confederate flag IN A HISTORICALLY ACCURATE REPRESENTATION. Interesting that there are still games prominitely featuring the swatstika on the apple store.
76561197996349463,Recommended,306660,29818125,Posted: 9 February,all,andrewUK1,"This game had gold plated reviews when it first came out, but the last and final patch to the game has made it... a little difficult! That's why its rating dropped from 90%+ to recent heading down to 50% levels.Let me be frank here - playing the AI on this game is like advancing into machine guns. Entering a firefight on anywhere near equal terms will leave you with hundreds of casualties, I have had brigades lose 800 men while inflicting zero kills.This game is HARD, and was clearly patched in its final form for ultra veteran players.If you idea of a good time is getting your teeth smashed in by AI then get it. I am loving every minute and totally recommend it - but know what you are getting into. This is the exact opposite of the usual 'murder the AI for lols in single player' wargaming. This is brutal, this will make you angry, this will kick your♥♥♥♥♥again and again in a way you have never experience from an AI. Totally recommended."
,Recommended,306660,14094352,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Tyrant of Troy,"A spiritual successor to Sid Meier's Gettysburg, with very familar interface and gameplay. Brigade control is somewhat less intuitive than necessary, and leads to micromanagement of regiments and generals. Artillery are a great deal smarter than SMG, and an additional shot type in the form of shells has been added (halfway between solid shot and cannister, with qualities of each). The abilaity to draw in marching paths is tremendously useful, and allows you to set an entire flank's orders and focus your attention elsewhere confident your regiments will end up in the correct formation in due course. Overall it plays much quicker, and due to this fact, gameplay is somewhat limited in duration. That said, it is a lopt of fun and very easy to learn."
,Not Recommended,306660,22467782,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,M_Castello,"When it comes to delivering a historical representation of the names and number of soldiers present at the battle of Gettysburg, this game is great. When it comes to allowing the player to recreate the battle of Gettysburg, this game is terrible. One of the biggest complaints people had with some of the total war games, was that it was too hard to place your units where you wanted them. By comparison, this game makes all the total war games seems amazing. Changing unit position is almost impossible while in battle, and the UI, while very clean, is completley useless. I had high hopes for this game fulfilling my desire for at somewhat accurate/competant American Civil War game, but I guess I'll have to stick with CWG 2 for my Civil War fix"
76561198121138552,Recommended,306660,11822016,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,No Pasaran {W*A*R*},"Great game, pleanty of action, fast paced and addictive no two games the same!"
76561197964832112,Not Recommended,306660,26097204,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ZerberuS,"I love the setting of the civial war in america. Now, this game has some cool features, but the mechanics are broken as ♥♥♥♥.Units won't follow your orders, flee when they are winning, run into enemy fire without firering back... This game fails on its AI and bugs, not on the game itself. Sad.3/10"
,Recommended,306660,16751819,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Pandafaust,I recently discovered this game when I read about how Apple had pulled it from the Itunes store so I figured I'd buy it on steam to support the developer.  I'm glad to see that it is back up for Apple. Kudos to the developers for standing their ground and not bowing to a wave of censoring political correctness.  The game is pretty much an update of Sid Meier's Gettysburg which was one of the first strategy games I ever played. It's nice to revisit something that feels familiar with an updated engine and AI.
76561197970759239,Recommended,306660,12990236,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,schammer,"Ever since i played Sid Mier's Gettysburg back in the 1990s, I have loved these style of games.  This was a lot of fun to play.  But It didn't quite measure up to Sid Mier.  It would have been better to be able to move the camera around at different angles.  The graphics were not top notch.  I would liked to have been able to zoom in closer to the action and see the troops up close.  I definitely recommend it for the price.  It was great to refight the battle of Gettysbury yet once again."
,Recommended,306660,12516994,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,daver,"If you have fond memories ofSid Meyer's Gettysburg, thenUltimate General: Gettysburgwill be right up your alley.  Although you might think it looks too pretty to be a serious wargame, don't let the graphics fool you.  On the other hand, the command structure is simple and intuitive enough that you don't necessarily need to be a hardcore grognard to appreciate the game.Some basic knowledge of military tactics and terminology is helpful, however.From a structure standpoint, the game's campaign breaks down the 3-day Battle of Gettysburg into smaller scenarios (that still can be fairly large), which are fought in pauseable real time utilizing graphical units in accurate formations -- basically, it's all in the style of theTotal Warseries.  A helpful arrow shows you where a selected unit is heading, which is accomplished by clicking and dragging the unit.  Multiple units can be moved (in formation) by using the ""General"" in charge of them.   A minor nitpick:  the game isn't always entirely clear on line-of-sight restrictions for units, and it's sometimes difficult to judge terrain height, which is a critical factor in placing your artillery (as it is in reality).The AI generals have ""personalities"" that can be selected before the game using a 9x9 grid of types.  Want a more conservative, cautious opponent?  Or a reckless gambler?  Your choice.All in all it's a really enjoyable game, especially coming from a first-time developer.  Here's hoping that this isn't the last Civil War battle we see recreated in this engine!"
,Recommended,306660,10586355,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Paul KT,"Highly recommend this game if you are a fan of tabletop war games or looking for a RTS that is both tactically rich yet easy to get into.  It's early access so there are a few bugs, but it's beautiful to play and very thematic.I've been following the development of this game for a while having been a fan of DarthMod for total war (it's the same developer).  I'm not a big fan of early access, but with the first patch out and the game looking great in YouTube videos I was more than happy to drop a tenner to give it a go.Graphics and UIThe map is beautiful and being hand drawn has a tabletop war game feel to it.  The units are sprites but for the level of zoom available are more than enough and the animation is very smooth and polished.  The UI looks like it has been designed for touch screens and something you could use on a tablet, but is very playable with mouse and keyboard, especially once you start using the hotkeys.  I love the history channel style movement arrows.  Menus are simple but they work.  There is no menu art although that's something that can be added later in development and for me is a low priority.SoundVery atmospheric, there is a background track of drums and musket fire on top of which is added cannons, muskets and bugles for fighting units.  I found the sound to be subtle, which added to the tabletop war game feel.AIVery good with 3 levels of intelligence and 3 levels of aggressiveness giving you 9 different options for the AI.  Over all I found the AI to be sensible and able to react to my moves on the battlefield.GameplaySo as the name suggests the game focuses on the 4 day battle of Gettysburg, with the battle split into phases.  The campaign starts you off on the first day and on completing the first phase you are given various options, depending on your performance.  Each phase lasts 30 minutes or so, so you can easily fit in a game when you have the free time. The next phase then starts with unit position and strength caring over from the previous phase.  This branching approach to the campaign adds some replay value even with the limited map.In addition there are custom battles where you can play what if scenarios, however these must be unlocked via the campaign game.Multiplayer should be coming in a later update which could make for a very fun and enjoyable game/"
,Recommended,306660,18595245,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,IllegalCarrot,"If you're asking yourself ""Should I get Ultimate General: Gettysburg?"" the answer is a resounding YES! I don't normally write reviews on here, but I just had to take the time for UG:G becasue it's such a well designed game, and such a breath of fresh air for the strategy genre.I won't bore you with multiple long paragraphs on how great the game is, but I will say this: if anything about this game sparks your interest, from a trailer, to a gameplay video, to a recommendation, then GET IT. $15 is an amazing price for this game. I normally wait for games to go on sale beforte purchasing them, but I bought UG:G at full price, and have absolutely no regrets about doing so.Combat *seems* simple, and for the most part it is, yet there is such a depth and complexity to it that you'll still be mastering new techniques dozens of hours into the game. Gameplay is fun and engaging, and you're never left feeling like you've been cheated by the AI. Speaking of which, both individual units' AI, and the the enemy general's AI are extraordinary. There are nine different diffuculty settings for AI matches/campaigns, each with differing strategies and characteristics, so there's massive replay value, even for purely offline play.Ultimate General: Gettysburg is the first of hopefully many Ultimate General games. I'm happy to show my support for  UG:G, and I'm excited to see what's next.God be with you, General!"
76561198026488825,Recommended,306660,10590617,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ForeverAngel,"Great game, please keep the updates and new fearures coming."
76561198030560194,Recommended,306660,28205345,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Speedkermit,"Think of a total war game, without all the tedious city micromanagement, but with a very competent battle AI.This game developed by Game Labs, and TW modder Darthmod (the guy who made Empire total war playable) is a real gem. If you like history, and always wanted to be a general then this is for you. Easy to get into with lot's of depth, giving a true tactical challenge.The graphics actually look very good, with lots of detail on the map and the units nicely represented by 2d sprites. It all looks very pleasing on the eye.At only £10 this is astonishing value."
,Recommended,306660,16682516,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ouqei,+ Drawing paths for the AI units to follow+ AI not following the orders ;)+ Map visuals / fog-of-war / line-of-fire visualization
76561198038784375,Recommended,306660,12825183,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Dog Biscuits,"Pros: Beautiful game, great mechanics, dynamic tactical gameplay, your performance in battles determines the progression of the game.Cons: Plays too fast or too slow depending on the point in a batlle. Have to pause every 10 seconds to move units into position sometimes. Takes too long to wait for reinforcements or for units to finish moving/recovering during others. Too much micromanaging to deal with for the game to move as fast as it does. Feels more like a clunky starcraft than a battle sim.There really needs to be a way to adjust the speed of the game on the fly like in Total War, at least in single player. For being one of the premier modders of the Total War franchise you'd think they would have implemented such a core feature."
,Recommended,306660,30284815,Posted: 2 March,all,SYSTEM GLITCH,"Easy to pick up and play, hard to master. Simple controls. In depth strategy.Hard to imagine anyone who is a fan of strategy games not enjoying what this game has to offer."
76561198061128676,Recommended,306660,29053586,Posted: 5 January,all,Donad Turmp,"Send your exhausted and demoralized troops into a hopeless uphill charge while you think to yourself ""I am the ultimate General."""
76561198183848241,Not Recommended,306660,23195183,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,v pudding,"I like this game, yet I should also give a heads up to anyone expecting an accurate civil war simulation, in which this game isn't.Starting off with the bad, the UI is very basic and gives you no access to formations, or any way of helping my unit to defend itself, where in this time period there were formations a unit could use to defend themselves.  For exa; building fortifications, digging in, nothing like that is in this game whatsoever.  Fortifying was made an option in the mobile version, yet was left completely out for the original.Many can say ""UGG has great AI"" or ""UGG has fair AI"" however both of these are wrong to an extent.  The AI will always get a boost in casualty rate, no matter your choice for playing as the Confederates or the Union.  Selecting a more difficult AI type only results in more casualties for you, despite this AI using the same strategy/tactics as the AI below it.  The AI as a whole is capable of effectively attacking or defending, making it smart, yet higher leveled AI only seems to rely on higher casualty rates, nothing else.Bugs are terrible in UGG, from artillery disobeying your orders and switching to a different target despite it being in range of the target you wanted it to hit, or infantry not firing, etc.  These are common and should be fixed, they probably won't unfortunately.The game does a great job in accurately depicting brigades, generals, positions, how the units look, etc.Overall this an above average game, and I would recommend it if you can get past some of its faults and know anything about the history of the Civil War, or Gettysburg, but for the average person, I do not recommend this game."
76561197984668685,Not Recommended,306660,18292871,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,deno,"I've given this game another shot after buying a new mouse with a functional middle mouse button.  I'm a big fan of wargames.  This game was recommended by a lot of reviewers as the next evolution of our hobby, so I had to find out what the fuss was about.The fuss was about nothing.  This game is an awkward mess.  The unit control feels disgustingly sloppy (I can never get my units where I want them), the vaunted AI makes completely unrealistic decisions, and there are better civil war games out there even of the beer and pretzels type.  I like that people still make wargames.  I love the civil war.  This game was overhyped by people that liked drawing arrows on the screen, which is a cool concept, that can't make up for the rest of the mechanical mess.Another thing is this game could use would be an actual playable tutorial.   They have a few movies, but they really need to go over the strengths and weaknesses of the various units.To Admin :While I am happy to see  you supporting your projects you shouldn't back away from good advise.  A lot of developers get tunnel vision.  A tutorial level would help your game.  I also understand most of your points about the civil war.  You are correct, but all games can be found on this fulcrum between sim and game.  Too me what you guys were going for was on the game side.  There are far better civil war 'sims' out there that simulate realistic command structures.I get frustrated though because the game world probably work better without the bad controls.  Controls are a choice made by the developer and the medium.  A real general can speak.  I have to input commands and I have a limited number of commands.  There were positions no company commander would ever take that my troops would assume because i was inputting commands into a PC and not giving simple orders.  I was restrained.  The game can do better.Try looking at Combat Mission : Battle for Normandy."
,Recommended,306660,16381251,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,nlpples,5000 of my Union soldiers attempted to take a hill held by a measly 14 Confederate cannons.5 attempts later. 2000 casualties. No hill.Grapeshot is a ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198006755898,Not Recommended,306660,21374772,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Constans337,"My biggest issue with this game is the way the different battles link together.  There is no real logical progression based on your achievement.  For example, you can take several ridges in one battle, and in the next battle find yourself starting one whole ridge-line further back than what you captured at the end of the last.  It is a poor implementation of a campaign mechanic, and feels like an afterthought.This game is really a simplistic simulator of 10-15 minute skirmishes and lacks any depth."
,Not Recommended,306660,28192078,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ᛟ L.A.H. ᛟ,"Normally I do not make a review for a game which I have played so little of. But from what I have seen so far, I cannot possibly recommend Ultimate General: Gettysburg.Pros-Concept itself-Acceptable graphics-Fitting soundtrack-Flexible customization in settings-Adaptable scenariosCons-Terrible troop placement. Moving your troops in UG:G is a massive hastle. In order to do so, you must click and drag to where you want the selected unit to move. Sometimes I have experienced clicking on a unit and it not registering. I'd have to mouse back to the unit and click again, which wastes a huge amount of time relative to what I have available. Often times, that unit overlaps with the one next to it because it's pretty difficult to estimate the size of them when I'm trying to deal with 1800 men fleeing from 600 men and a single unit of arty (we'll get to that latter). When ordered to move a tiny bit ahead, the entire unit breaks from their organized battle line into a mob and becomes easy pickings for artillery and troops firing at them.-Horrendous system of 'morale'. Morale is impacted largely by the General and artillery. Yes, artillery, a normal part of 19th century warfare that these troops are accustomed to, will cause morale to drop in half after firing a few times. As mentioned before, I've had a unit of 1,800 troops retreat after a single unit of 23 arty fired one volley at them. This makes having engagements of any kind difficult, considering your troops will just break and lose 300 men.-Union forces definitely overpowered. Confederate infantry is absolutely abymsal and will get crushed by the Union every day of the week.One volley of union forces=200 fatalities in one of my unitsOne volley from my unit=10 kills. Yep,10. I counted. The opposing forces were only one level topographically higher than mine and yet they dominated my troops. It's absurd, historically inaccurate, and quite simply enraging. I can't play a campaign where even the most cautious and gradual tactics by me results in a pyrrhic victory at the most, and a 'major defeat' at the least.Some of this may be wrong, but it's what I personally saw and experienced. So, again, I cannot recommend this game on account of its poor mechanics and unbalanced nature.P.S: I have been playing strategy and grand strategy games for 6-7 years now. I am not someone who just started with the genre. I have 1,000s of hours in various titles and games from Total War to Crusader Kings."
,Recommended,306660,28024312,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Avenger21,"Highly entertaining, if a bit sparse. It's apparent that the developers took a lot of inspiration fromSid Meier's Gettysburgbut this isn't a bad thing. The former game was released in 1997 and there's been a definite void for this type of game since then. The game is also very basic, lacking features and has a highly minimal UI. Could either be a design choice or from lack of developer experience but I can't say for sure. I do not know enough about the developer to come to a conclusion on that but, again, it isn't a bad thing.All that said, I can still highly recommend this game. It's fun, engaging, and the AI is actually a tactical opponent.TL;DR: If you want an RTS of the Battle of Gettysburg and don't want to play a game from 1997, pick this one up."
,Recommended,306660,16733314,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Tormidal,"This game is awesome. Made and designed by DARTIS, the guy behind the DarthMod series for Total War, it exceeds in every category.I didn't intend to write a review on it until it got pulled from the Apple store, for having the Confederate battle flag in it.(It IS a historical game...)This game is very akin to Sid Meier's Gettysburg, but a little bit more refined in a number of ways. It isn't exciting, with its 2D sprites persay, but its definitely challenging.I would recommend this game, 10/10.This game has come a very long way since the initial closed beta test, and is definitely worth $15."
,Recommended,306660,25368723,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Quigleyer,"I'd put this game at 4 out of 5 stars, and I consider myself a fairly harsh reviewer.  The thing you're paying for in this game is a deadly opponent that will match you in actual strategy.The main selling point of this game from the standpoint of a war strategy veteran is the competency of the opponent AI.  The computer opponent has 9 different behaviors to choose from that act as difficulties.  This is in stark contrast to the strategy game norm where your ""difficulty"" options are based on enemy statsitic buffs to give it an edge over the player.  Your UGG opponent gets smarter, it doesn't become a sharp shooting bullet sponge.The AI regularly does a tactical retreat into kill zones, provides screening fire for its units as it tries to out-flank you, and uses your line-of-sight restrictions to move troops about behind hills to hit you from weakpoints on the final two AI behaviors.  It is a master of defense and a ruthless attacker.The battlefield is nicely detailed and you'll gain a familiarity with the Gettysburg area that you didn't previously have.  Places like Cemetery Hill and the Round Tops will take on a new life as you progress through the stages of the battle and find yourself forumlating strategies to take some of the most famous defensive holdouts of the Civil War.The single battlefield complaint is entirely valid, and I believe that's the one thing that stops this game from being a 5 star piece of art.  I can see how the limited area is good for the AI's ability and how it could become increasingly difficult to add in more battlefields and get the AI behaving well on all of them.  While you're always fighting on the same battlefield I would also argue that you aren't always fighting the same battle.I find that I got my money's worth a long time ago, but I still keep coming back to this game.  It's really light on micromanagement and focuses on grand strategy.  The controls are super easy and your units are fairly intelligent at doing things on their own- it is really easy to take long breaks from it and come back.  Recent updates to the game have made Confederate victory in this game very difficult to achieve on the last three difficulties (still haven't done it after 96 hours) and I find that I like having it around as an ""ultimate challenge"".  This is probably not a game you'll sink 1000 hours into, but I feel like the price point is more than fair."
,Recommended,306660,12539153,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Grace Mugabe,"Solid entertainment. Challenging at times. Bit short.I had my doubts but I am very satisfied with my purchase. Just don't expect too much depth: This game is point and click and I played the game through twice as Union in four hours. That being said I am really looking forward to playing the Confederates. The AI is freaky good at pushing a weakspot.I have the feeling this will be my go to game when I only have a few hours to kill and want a complete experience. Who says a good, realistic strategy game has to take weeks to play?"
76561197970387301,Recommended,306660,16746201,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,juhvi,Fighting against censorship from overseas since 2015.
,Recommended,306660,10440575,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Twiggy,"Ultimate General Gettysburg is a masterpiece in the making.  So far it has met and surpassed all of my expectations while still only being in alpha stage and I would have not expected any less with Darth leading the way.  If you loved SId Meier's Gettysburg as much as I did years ago, you will fall in love all over again with this."
,Recommended,306660,13764033,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BunnyPoopCereal,"Great game with good AI. Just when you think you've won the battle, the AI comes out of nowhere and beats you back :D"
76561198018165199,Recommended,306660,11984179,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,I'm Spartacus,I have enjoyed playing this as a beer and pretzels wargame to spend an evening on.  It is not a game with heavy micro management and you do not have to worry about supply lines and other minutae.  It is a way to spend an enjoyable evening and to do a personal best.It is also affordable and things move along quickly but without having to do a crazed weasel clickfest.  I expect it to get even better when they have the multiplayer fully working.For the $10 I would happily buy it again ( I own a couple of dozen civil war games for PC already  going back to early 1980's )
,Recommended,306660,13538483,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,zterrans,"It focuses on just one battle, but does it well, giving you managable chunks to deal with in managable time frames, and lets you take a good amout of control within the historical restraints of the battle.  What could the Confederates have done to win?  What if the Union had been more aggressive?  What if Reynold's First Corps never had to fall back?  What if Longsteet took Little Round Top?  What if Early pressed his attack on Cemetary Hill in time?  What if Meade ordered an all-out counter attack on the third day?  What if Pickett's Charge had broken the line?The battle plays out depending on what you do, and you can very well play out an alternate history leading to signficant changes."
76561198010672226,Recommended,306660,13360596,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Dick Johnson,"Bought it as early access and I have loved it ever since. As someone who wished they still had their old Sid Meiers games, this game is the closest any game has come to replicating the feeling I had playing those games for hours. The difficulty of Scorge of War and Take Command are not here. This is trully an ACW game that you can jump right into and have some fun without alot of complexity, and I don't say that as a negative thing. This is a  well tuned, enjoyable little battle sim that delivers every step of the way. I hope that this game expands to include more battles, and if the early access was any indication of this developers commitment to the game/franchise I cannot wait."
76561198090883321,Not Recommended,306660,25831168,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,huenm,"While I tend to prefer faster paced strategy games, Ultimate General was a fresh breath of air -- for a very short time. UG tested my patience. While the small sprite graphics are charming at first, I soon realized I had no indication of why certain troops were totally dominating another one. Even troops with hillside advantage and numbers can be mowed down for no real reason. The game needs to do a better job of visually indicating clear advantage or disadvantage. Computer AI is a lacking as well. Many times I'll try to move a troop to another location or to fight the enemy, but they'll just stand there idly by.  All of the troops start to blend into each other since they look so familiar. Zooming is almost useless. I gave it a shot."
,Recommended,306660,14288555,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Vanitas,"Brilliant little game with spectacular battles, nice AI, pleasant graphics and ease of controls. This is exactly what the RTS market needs.The South should have won!"
76561198121975294,Recommended,306660,12596794,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,erick,Played my first battle and wow (a draw). Great tactical simulator. Kinda like a total war empire battlefield fight but more complex. I will be playing this one! More in comments.
76561197967349303,Recommended,306660,13175086,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Hatchling,"Good Game, Fun to play if you have hours and hours to waste.Game needs a Fast Forward or x2/x4 button."
,Not Recommended,306660,14503908,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Arasereg,The game is very good. I like the dynamics and the graphics are fine. The big problem is that you can play through it in about 3 hours. Not worth the money in my view.
76561198007183380,Recommended,306660,12992084,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,von Schweinehund,"Definitely to be recommended. Every Total War Empire/Napoleon fan should give it a try! Battle mechanics are even more realistic, no fighting to the last man, but an ebb and flow of battle. Units rout and regain morale a couple of hundreds yards further back. Brilliant also that even unsupervised units react to dangers as they would have in reality by changing facing etc. so that the player does not have to go into the futile task of micromanaging every single unit on the battlefield.The AI is also an enemy to be reckoned with. It seems that the time that devs usually spent to increase the graphics of a game so that the player can scroll down to the last detail of a single soldier (honestly, how often do we do that when playing?) in this game is wisely spent on making the AI responsive and dangerous; different AI personalities can be chosen that increase the replay value of every single scenario. For its price the game is a STRONG BUY!"
,Recommended,306660,30302787,Posted: 3 March,all,Melty Boddicker,"This game's awesome! If you like the Total War games and are into the Civil War at all, you'll love this great recreation of the Battle of Gettysburg."
,Recommended,306660,16729354,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,1970s Urine Engineer #1,"Bought this before the big confederate flag controversy.Not quite the level of detail that I enjoyed from the old Civil War General series of games, but still very fun. It runs great on Linux and Steam Machines too. Great buy. Glad to see the developers making great games like this."
76561198040669155,Recommended,306660,15958988,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Helluvee,"UPDATEDOverall 7/10.Tactical Gettysburg campaign, gets right the important stuff but it has some flaws.PROS+ Several days, several different scenarios within a campaign, that is what Gettysburg was and the game gets it right.+ Some interesting ideas to give commands to units, groups and so on+  An excellent way to set the AI ""mood"" and skill rather than more obvious and trite difficult levels.+ The tutorial is thorough and very helpful+ Recent patches have VASTLY imporoved the AI+ It truly feels like a battle, where tactics matter. It's not a mosh pit or a huge brawl (yes, that's you RTW2)CONS- The campaign is truly short, 2-3 hours tops unless you really screw up something.- The graphics are quite basics, and other than being gray or blue you can barely distinguish each unit.- Sometimes, moving from one scenario to the following one, the game ""forgets"" what you have accomplished in the previous one (""hey, I'm sure I held that hill! and that one too!"")"
,Recommended,306660,16750743,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Mithril,Wow.. this was unexpected. This is a real gem that plays in a way that I haven't seen any RTS play before it. Quite brilliant.
76561198056187976,Recommended,306660,16718286,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,My name's Jeff,"great game with correctly recreated land ,hills,rivers ,names of units and generals,awesome game for strategy game lovers.for those that played lots of total war games (like me),it will take some time to adopt to it.i believe the only thing it lacks is good unit controling systems.other than that,really nice game ,10/10"
76561197993546566,Recommended,306660,16711000,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,dim-dim,"Excellent game, the best wargame RTS I ever played. Really satisfying to learn dynamics and and and win against stronger AIs."
76561197961414846,Not Recommended,306660,25856355,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Onliuge,"Very clunky controls, vague ideas of movement and control. Wait for it to be worked on more."
76561198259930559,Recommended,306660,32090916,Posted: 31 May,all,jost,"The game is very good, with a really smart AI. I was a fan of the Total War series but always ended up exploiting the extremely stupid AI. Not to say that's impossible with this game, but with higher difficulty levels there are very few weaknesses in the computer players positions."
76561198021615515,Recommended,306660,16708773,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,nate186,Amazing game! I really hope they make more of the civil war battles into games!
76561198025124051,Recommended,306660,10443464,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Volunteer,This game has much promise. It is easy to play yet sophisticated in outcomes. UGG could well be a groundbreaking venture in strategy gaming. Highly recommended.
76561198026205368,Recommended,306660,12941043,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,tomborsh,"Gettysburg, I like it. I had no problems with the game crashing. It is a great tactical game. I think the game engine will be great to play other battles. If you combine this with a stragety map wow it would be really cool."
,Recommended,306660,10463672,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Lord Cucumber,"Excellent Early Access game by one of the worlds best Total War modders.- Great and believeable AI with nine distinct playstyles. You can choose from one of them or have the game randomly pick for you and be surprised.- I was also pleasantly surprised at the strategic choice of how to continue the fight after my first victory: I got to pick from three distinct strategies that were possible after the outcome of the battle. Too bad there was no map (as far as I could tell) to review the battlefield in advance of this choice, it was just plain text. A small gripe though..- The game models arty like it should be modelled: hard hitting guns with solid shot, explosive shells and cannister shot, each with their own ranges. The enemy bunches up for an assault, you have seconds to reload the guns with cannister, your heart is pounding as the enemy line approaches... BOOM.. dozens of men fall victim to your shot. But will the battery survive the onslaught? Amazing stuff.- The damage dealt by charges, particularly on routing units by cavalry or in the flank, could use a small damage boost I think. Again a small gripe to what is otherwise a very, very nice early access title.The game at the moment of this review isn't done. A lot is still to be implemented. But for what is there, at 7,50 euro, you get a very new, already very complete battlefield experience.Scores 9/10 for me!"
,Recommended,306660,21519904,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,♥ Rebecca ♥,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg, is a brilliant game. Graphically it doesn't compete with any games of it's type really, but the strategy and thought that goes into it is just what Total War lacks. Ultimate General is a very diverse tactical game, where your mission is to pick either Confederate or Union, and win the battle of Gettysburg, which ultimatly saw the fall of the Confederate States. I am a Confederate supporter, so I always play Confederate. I am good at strategy games, but I am yet to win a Battle as the CSA. I came so very close, but their troops just aren't as devastasing as that of the Union. This game is very realistic, and it takes unit positioning into account well. A silly mistake could cost you a flank, and the AI has the intelligence to seek this opportunity. Confederate Units don't generally take as much of a beating, I have noticed. I have used 2 v 1 on good Union units such as the Iron Brigade, and only just won. Moral is a problem for the CSA, and I notice they are happier to run generally, than take a beating.I haven't yet found a tactic that works, it is a very challenging game. Where you place your units, height, cover etc, really matters, and judging it wrong will cost you, most likely.I really like this game, and it get's very intense towards the end just because of the sheer amount of units on the field. The battle is broken up into parts, and sometimes you have to take the decision to push on a certain position of he union army, seperatly from the full scale battle. Afterwards, you may be taken back onto the full battlefield with all of your armies, and all of the enemy against you, and you have to crush them ultimatly. I do find the time limits a problem, as I am not a very agressive player, and last time I was winning as CSA slowly, but the game ended as I ran out of time.It really takes a lot of practice, it is NOT an easy game to play, but it is fun. I reccomend it 100%, especially to those that like the game type, or the era. 10/10, the CSA will win some day...I am trying."
76561198004763212,Recommended,306660,12568350,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,tallpez,Very entertaining game.  Conquer the map is impressive as hell.  Needs to be slowed down/time extended so you don't feel compelled to push your troops so hard but otherwise fantastic game for the price.
,Recommended,306660,16670729,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Grunkoh,"Very great game in terms of gameplay, in terms of length well it's just Gettysburg. Either way very in depth game with amazing pathing and grouping.  Basically it's a less cinematic total war that's more in depth with tactics.  If you're into an RTS with a heavy focus on strategy then I strongly recommend buying."
76561197984356361,Recommended,306660,10532632,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,El Vibranté,"Made by the creator of the famous Darthmod of the total war series, this game is the pinnacle of the strategy genre. Gameplay is fluid while not being too fast or slow. It is fast to learn and hard to master. A must have for strategists and ACW experts.The campaign can be played from either side, each side is unique in their gameplay style. With the confederacy being weaker alone but their commanders are much more effective at raising morale. The Union troops are much more disiciplined and well trained.The campaign is dynamic with each battle taking place in one day. At the end of each battle you get choices as to what to do next depending on the objectives you were able to take in that day. This includes many what if scenarios aswell as the historical ones.The graphics are beautiful, personally I am a big fan of sprites and this is a perfect example of how they can look good even in this day and age. The map is geographically and historically accurate while being living up to the artstyle of the rest of the game.The only downpoint at the moment, is the single battle in the game which is at the name suggests Gettysburg, however browsing of any of the forums shows you that the developers have big plans for this game, including other battles and time periods.It's a yes from me!"
76561198119310200,Recommended,306660,11495115,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,WardiBot,This game is better than some fully released games on steam! Definitetly worth a buy!
76561198120898432,Not Recommended,306660,20905667,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,JK/NR,"When I saw this sim on steam I immediately thought of Sid Meier's Gettysburg. This Ultimate General improves on only one aspect of the game over the Firaxis version: the AI. But here is the problem, in order to increase the difficulty, the AI does not get better, instead, the enemy units simply become more effective at killing on average. When the game is set to high difficulty, the disparity becomes absurd as weak Union units on the AI side deal damage at twice the rate of strong Confederate units when both are on open, flat ground.This would all be manageable if utilizing terrain was straight forward, but it's not. Some forests are better than others and it's impossible to tell which ones are better until you bring a unit into them. Then, when artillery are supposedly under 100% cover, enemy artillery are still able to rout them in only 5 or 6 salvos of solid shot from half a mile. No 3 inch ball fired half a mile is going to reliably hit its target especially if it is fired unsighted.Unless you memorize this game front and back, when playing at high difficult, be prepared to be surprised at how much damage you take and how little you can dole out. This is coming from someone who has won decisive and triumphant victories. It all makes the game incredibly unsatisfying."
76561198019604637,Recommended,306660,10435918,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Heretix,"I only have like an hour playing so far, but even only with that I feel confident enough about it to write this review.  If your tired of strategy games with dumb@$$ AI, then buy this game. I played my first battle against the ""balanced"" AI, which is about average difficulty.  The AI made me pay dearly for my mistakes.  It didnt cheat, it exploited oppurtunities I had left open for it. Each side of the conflict has pro's and con's.  And you must use them to your advantage.  This game really will force you to think carefully about each order you give and I love that.  It was awesome to see that the dev's wanted the game to be historically accurate.  The battlefield is amazing and recreated to look like it did in the real Battle of Gettysburg.  So far I havent encountered any bugs, but as I said, I'm only like an hour into the game.  If some do happen to occur I am confident they will be fixed.  On a side note, anyone who has played any of the Darth mod's for the Total War series will be familiar with the lead dev.  Having played the mod for Empire:Total War, buying this game was a must for me.  Do yourself a favor and get into this game now, while its in early access.  I cant wait to see what they planning on doing next with this awesome(so far) game."
,Recommended,306660,10433414,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,[AGB] Wallace,I have play for about and hour and really enjoyed it. nothing was wrong it gives a good feel how it was there.
76561198043113268,Recommended,306660,16715216,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,TRIGGERED SNOWFLAKE,"buy this before they take it off, awesome game."
76561198015355376,Recommended,306660,13802860,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,{sBc} Bane5,"I found this game while on sale.I didn't expect much of it, but wow--how wrong was I.The game is challenging, innovative, and fun. ""Challenging,"" because great work has been put into the AI who is willing to fight to win. ""Innovative,"" because its breaks ranks with the traditional rts control scheme and its own characteristic approach to tactical combat, morale, and unit cohesion. ""Fun,"" because there is beauty in its simplicity and in its sheer replayability through the various twists and turns the battle of Gettysburg can take. History can and will be rewritten in many ways on this battlefield."
76561198037171894,Recommended,306660,16492044,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Pavivier,"this is a gemit's also one of those rare games where what you see in the trailer is what you get , so if you like the look of it i'dd highly recommend it.and don't think for a second you're only getting one battle, the battle is cut up in different stages the outcome of each stage decides how the next one starts allowing you to create your very own battle, the ai is great to and the has a great morale systemyou might be wondering why your 1500 man strong infantry regiment just got repelled by 800 yanks, until you realize your men have been fighting since the early hours and have lost 1000 men already. my only gripe is that there is no way to check how many the enemy's troops have lost leaving you to guess whether you're fighting 800 fresh troops or not unless you are an expert on the battle of Gettysburg.overall though i highly recommend this game to anyone. if you like the idea you'll like the gameyou don't need to be american to like this game but knowing a bit about the civil war increases your enjoyment tenfoldi'dd love to see a Napoleonic expansion like Waterloo for thisnow for my only negative points:-the controls are great overall however sometimes when trying to circle troops for selection you accidentally select 1 unit to walk in a circle  once you get used to selecting units it's no longer a problem though-the art style is great but the infantry lacks some variation, i'm no expert on civil war uniforms but i'm certain there was still some diversity between regiments at Gettysburg , the iron brigade or black hats for example are all wearing a blue kepi iirc and the southern infantry is very uniform compared to most images I've seen"
,Recommended,306660,16722134,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,"Nancy Drew, Girl Detective","This game in a nutshell: super ♥♥♥♥ing fun.The action is fast-paced, but you can pause at any time to get a little more control over frantic situations; the scenarios are well-managed, and your mistakes in a single battle can and will haunt you for the rest of the campaign. The challenge is real, but highly customizable thanks to the game's fantastic tunable AI.The AI -- oh, man, the AI. It feels like you're playing against a human. I can't make a single mistake, leave a single gap in my lines, leave a single high ground unoccupied without the AI punishing me for it. It takes advantage of opportunities, cuts its losses when it's outmatched, reinforces its weaknesses as soon as it's pressed. It hides its units behind hills and ambushes you when you advance. It's murderous.The game isn't without flaws; unless you tell your units to hold, they have a tendency to wander (and even just telling your units to ROTATE loses their hold order). Unit selection is finicky, and a single click often selects three or four units (if they're closely bunched together). Sometimes, enemy units walk right through my lines in a heated battle (!) and start attacking my artillery (!!), then rout into my rear (!!!), reactivate, and run around capturing territory (!!!!!). I even once had a group of Confederates become invincible, so that no amount of my men could even hurt them. Thankfully, all those flaws are rarely game-ending, though it'd be nice if they were fixed.Most importantly, though, this game FEELS like Gettysburg. I remember playing Sid Meier's Gettysburg all the time when I was a kid. It's what got me into Civil War history. As many Americans suffered and died on the fields of this little Pennsylvanian town as did in the Vietnam war, all in the space of three summer days. Capturing that feeling -- a desperate, hard-fought struggle, rivers of blood running across idyllic pastures, the nation's fate resting on the outcome -- is difficult for anyone to achieve. This game totally gets it."
76561198063804025,Recommended,306660,16707861,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,StepDadHulkHogan,Excellent Top Down Total War style strategy game. 8/10
76561198000710306,Recommended,306660,16713095,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,emjr,Thoroughly recommended for anyone who enjoyed the game that inspired it: Sid Meier's Gettysburg!
76561198007725370,Recommended,306660,13826624,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Leon026,"This is hands down one of the best authentic RTS out there.It's accessible, but certainly not a ""casual RTS"". Movement is slow, and much has to be pre-planned ahead when giving orders. Units cannot, and will not sprint from one end of the map to another if you make a mistake. It's a slow moving chess game where things must be planned in advance prior to executing them.Unit morale and cohesion must be taken into account before committing them into combat - and a good general is certainly well rewarded.Giving orders is as simple as clicking on a unit and dragging the desired path. Not only does this eliminate stupid pathing problems, the arrows drawn over the map visually shows you and reminds you the orders you have given, allowing you to see and organize the battle lines and battle rythm you intend on executing.10/10"
76561198206867920,Recommended,306660,23129103,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ghenry518,Best CW strategy game out there. You will not regret buying this.
,Recommended,306660,14113094,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,JamesRGB,"A polished 2014 reimagining of the classic Gettysberg battle. It looks great, the controls are simple and it's an all-round pleasant strategy game to play.Only faults would be that it's difficult to assess LOS for cannons and when one mission ends and the next begins it has a habit of moving my armies from great positions to crap ones so I have to restructure.Would love to see these battles merged with other settings as they were far more satisfying than Total War."
76561197995514503,Recommended,306660,13806072,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,trutolife27,Best A.I. i have seen in a game in a while.
76561197993443223,Recommended,306660,13811345,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Geressen,"I went into Ultimate General Gettysburg with pretty low expectations. imediatly started the battle and chose to fight against a balanced AI, the middle choice out of 9 AI ( 2 axes with 3 levels each, one beign defensive to agressive, the other one slipped my mind)I was pleasantly and seriously suprised at how it was able to push me off a controll point and keep it defended against my counterattacks to force me into a minor defeat ( though I was able to kill more of them than they my troops the confeds had the superiority of numbers on the first day of course)I decided to fight the entire battle from the side of the confederates against a random AI. after several engagements I ended up fighting the AI into a stalemate ( thus losing out on the confederate victory achievement) at the end of the third day, where it was revealed I had been fighting a defensive AI.mistakes might have been made waiting for reinforcements between the first and second day and to attack the union left instead of the right or the (historical) centre.a single soldier in a troop represents several soldiers, a number above a troop representing the actuall amount of soldiers so losing 5 or 10 soldiers might be represented by a single actuall soldier falling down. however the style and frame of the game makes this work perfectly, and as depressing as it is to see hundreds of troops break and run from the field (wich has happened to me several times when I sent them to hold  out or march against overwhelming odds)it is so exhilarating it is to see an entire enemy battery fall down to 0 men.If you like grand strategy games and want to test your mettle in one of the biggest and decisive battles in the history of the US civil war I would recommend this game and its amazing AI to you."
76561197992282769,Recommended,306660,14058928,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Verbs,"Short Summary: Great game! No flaws at all. Constantly updated. Value for money. Very informative. Very addictiiiiive.""Armistead, Pettigrew i want your Brigades to committ to a full scale attack  on Cemetery Hill.You will suffer flanking fire but not for long....""I usually dont write reviews on Steam. But this game deserves a review. This is the real- time strategy game I have been waiting for. Purchased it when it was still on Early Access. Still playing it now trying to master multiplayer.This is just the game for you if you like:-historically accurate Real Time Strategy Games-a good smart solid  and challenging AI ( there are 9 AI characters)-and if you were always dissapointed by the broken TOTAL WAR AI ( sry but with modding those games, namely with Darthmod, SP campaign was just ridicously lame)- the ACW Period- the battle of Gettysburg ( there are so many historical Details in the game, u truely feel emotional about leading those brigades on the actual historic map: "" Ah there comes Ewell Korps, time to flank Culp's hill via Bennetts Hill and show Schimmelfennig the road back to Prussia. But wait ill have to keep casualties to a minimum and save Gordon and the Tigers, which are two solid experienced brigades. I might need them for the later game. Shiat Stannards Brigade arrived. Wait nevermind I mean look at the Iron Brigade I shot them down to 600 already.Should be feasible.""^^)--No seriously theses thoughts usually come to my mind while playing.-games which actually are value for money (unlike other rip off games,especially those from the big and greedy companies,who actually give a sh*** about ur gaming needs )Some people complain about the graphics, I say: Who gives a f*** about the graphics. Graphics follows Gameplay!Btw this game was developed by Nick Thomadis,aka Darth Mod. He did a great job on his first project.The way this game is setup and created, shows a lot of potential for upcoming projects or sequals!THIS GAME IS A MUST HAVE!Remember:Time you enjoy wasting, is not wasted time. -John Lennon"
76561198152655537,Recommended,306660,13869663,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,MouttonNoir,Great game. Quick and intuitive to pick up easy to become immersed in it. Graphics are seductive. Deceptively simple can take ages to master. Genuinely exciting to play. Highly recommend it!
76561198035641989,Recommended,306660,13880745,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,[54th]Kilergot,"One of the best and most realistic games i ever player it contains historical maps,regiments,brigades.You even have the posibility to decide how the enemy AI will play if it will be more aggressive or defensive.The game brigs the you the chance to change history.12/10Would buy again"
,Recommended,306660,10744384,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,CaptainRaykin,Good. definitely a successor to sid meier's gettysburg. However I hope a full three day battle is included with final project.  The point and drag movement is interesting however I would like it if there was a way to be alittle more hands on with the trrops i.e. being able to control the wheel and facing of the troops with out having to do a giant circle. Overall good promise.
,Recommended,306660,11207136,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,CyberPrime,"""For 10 bucks, I feel like I robbed a bank"" - Julian Murdoch (Three Moves Ahead podcast)Yeah, it's good."
76561198065663321,Recommended,306660,11073538,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,General Fresner,"Honestly Ultimate general: Gettysburg matches and in some way exceeds the quality of total wars RTS battles. Deep tactical combat, smart AI, friendly user interface, and atractive art style, will aw you when you are in comand of thousands of soldiers fighting to win the hirstoric Battle of Gettysburg. This game is perfect for historic and or tactical gamers like me. The creator of Ultimate general: Gettysburg is not new to RTS games, he also created the darth-mod, a very popular mod for the Total War franchise. I find many Total war fans (me included) are loseing hope in CA. Maybe this can be a Plan B?"
76561198010102489,Recommended,306660,12996590,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Yarev,"I must say it is a very nice game despite the fact it's only a single battle, a very long one but a battle nonetheles. If Devs will release a turn based campaign with it like Empire TW or Napoleon TW than they've got my money.The map looks great though I'd like to see hills and ridges a bit more elevated to make it more obvious.The AI is simply the best I have seen in any game and whats more you can choose how do you want the AI to play (aggressive, defensive, cunning etc..)Animations are simle but for me it's good enough, I play zoomed out most of the time anyway and for me it always was about gameplay not the graphics or animations.Nowadays most  game developers focus primarily on graphics and dlcs while the gameplay and bugs are second on their list so its good to see UG Gettysburg being different.There is still a lot of room for improvement but because its their first game devs deserve a credit.Finally I want to say again: add a turn-based campaign map in the next game and you will become a huge competitor to the total war series (fingers crossed)."
76561198007300752,Recommended,306660,15033528,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Blackadar,"This is a cool little title. It reminds me of the old Sid Meier's Gettysburg. You control one side or another and the branching battle structure will put you in new positions depending on how you did in the previous battle. The basics of a simpler but still complex enough to be fun wargame are all here. You've got your troops, your skirmishers, artillery and cavalry and each has its place on the battlefield. It doesn't take long to learn but it might take a while to master. The maps are attractive - if a little too zoomed out - and fthere's some pretty decent tactical options here. The UI is great and it's easy to learn but tougher to master because you need to get your positioning right and know how to play to your strengths.At the same time, the game is very limited in scope. Because battles are broken up into small segments I never got the feel of playing the largest battle in the Civil War. There's no point where I commanded 100,000 troops on the battlefield and that's disappointing. I really don't care much about the units - they're just numbers to me - and the feedback on what's happening isn't always great. To be fair the game feels more like a tech demo and not a complete game. There's no strategic layer whatsoever and I feel like my ability to manuever into the right tactical positions is limited by the scenario structure.There's replayability here but I'm not feeling the need to go through it again. I like the engine but I'd like to see more of a game wrapped around it or have a few more tactical options. Still, the price is right so if this interests you I'd say pick it up."
76561198008912951,Recommended,306660,10604186,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Juan Rambo,"In my opinion this game has some very large potential.I have nearly no remarks to make, and the only 'serious' issue I want to address, is the lack of some kind of 'altitude lines'. This way you can easily see where to place your artillery, which can sometimes be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥But other than that, I think it's a solid game for people who really enjoy strategie games.Keep up the good work!"
76561197970625426,Recommended,306660,11982750,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,thisuser,"Every now and then you a game that gets the flow right.I first heard about this game on Three Moves Ahead. If you like strategy even mildy go listen to these guys and be amazed by the sophistication these guys bring when discusing games. It makes me feel smarter just listening to these guysso, listen tohttp://threemovesahead.libsyn.com/episode-268-picketts-chargethen buy the game1. It can be played in short chunks. This is important for us gamers with jobs.2. Although it is RTS, IT CAN BE PAUSED. It is not a click-fest. Truth be told, as I play more i'm using the pause less and less because the controls are so fantasically simple yet capable.3. It real gets the feeling of the horrifc give and take that you read about in the histories. The assualt on the same ridge and hill being contested every foot. It is frantic and frenetic. you fill it really is the pitched battle that it is known to be.4. This is the strategy game of the year. More people need to play it.  This team needs to be supported so we can get another game from them."
76561198109595544,Recommended,306660,10590800,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Riptrack59,"I must admit that I'm not much into war games, but this game caught my attention. I like that fact that is fairly easy to play and  it has a added histoical factor that I just love. It seems to have giving me a renewed interest in learning about the Civil War. Even though I've lost more battles then I've won at this point, I would highly recomend this game to other gamers."
,Recommended,306660,10592681,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,76561198026284250,10/10  Im not a gettysburg leader rushed many deaths
,Recommended,306660,13652042,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,cletus Nifler,"One of the best tactical strategic Civil War games I have played, made by the darthmod creator there is no doupt this game is a 10/10 would play many times over and over."
76561198123980472,Recommended,306660,16573417,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,14thOH_SgtMaj_Wolf,this is a really good game it's hard at first but then you get it the only bad thing is that you cant make your battle wich sucks i would love to be able to make my on battle insted of them making one for me but apart frome that is really good
76561198068509024,Recommended,306660,10585348,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Twinish,A decently fun game. Not as much strategy to it as people here may want you to think but definitely fun. Obviously still in development with a lot of loading error but an overall good game.
76561198036759871,Recommended,306660,10438187,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Dordak_the_Lost,"I was pleasantly surprised by this game. While it is nowhere near as realistic as Scourge of War: Gettysburg, it is still quite fun. It has a great art style and wonderful sound. I recommend this game to people who want a civil war strategy game but don't want something as hardcore as SoW."
,Not Recommended,306660,14841797,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Davis,"I have beta tested this game for a very long time now, also played on live quite a bit.  This game had alot of potential to bring back the glory days of the old SM Gettysburg! However, the imbalances in the multiplayer and constant desyncing really killed any desire for me to play this game.The community around this game is soiled by ""Non-Gamer"" types, more concerned about what caliber the cannon graphics are instead of how the game actually plays.This game has ALOT of potential, and I hope one day it gets fixed. However, I highly doubt it.I have played atleast 20 multiplayer games, I have won every single one of them simply by playing the United States and winning on imbalanced maps.  However, if you try to validate that I am 20 and 0  you cant. The ladder function doesnt work and hasn't since release.I REALLY want this game to be good, I really miss the old SM Gettysburg! I just dont think there is any hope left.If this game could come out with a map editor, or the devolpers began to care about a competitive community it could be much better."
,Recommended,306660,10489122,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,[EL] The Emperor of Mankind,"Such a great game, well worth the buy if your a grand strategy game fan or RTS fan. It easily matches Napoleonic Total Wars in playability, and it stomps Rome II, I mean get this IT'S EARLY ACCESS AND IT BARELY GLITCHES!!!! Shocker....... I mean their are good games out there that don't glitch?! WOW!! So yah buy it as far as im concerned its going to be even more popular then Mount and Blades Warbands because thats just how badass the game is, to the community of this game I LOVE YOU BECAUSE YOUR EYES WERE BLIND BUT NOW YOU CAN SEE!!!!"
,Recommended,306660,11503836,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Crythor,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg is something I have anticipated ever since i first found the website. Now that it is finally out I can say that it lives up to the hype I set for it in my mind. You can play as either side and it's really immersive with a fine variety of sounds and enough game to keep me going for the considerable future. Despite how amazing i have found it keep in mind I am a History fanatic and enjoy anything to do with the American Civil War. It still needs some work. A total war style campaign is a hope, but not a necessity. The ability to have different formations is something this game could benefit from greatly. A large mob is not exactly what I want all the time, sure there are formations that they form themselves in but I'd feel much more immersed if i could command them to do such things. Other than some minor bugs and a few little quirks this game is definitely worth a purchase even if you are only mildly interested. So much to offer so early in it's release. This is a early access game i hope turns into a full-release success. Buy it now."
76561198166175991,Recommended,306660,23026519,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,The King of Spades,"cant wait for the next ultimate general. i played this game quite a bit, good replayability and every map and battle feels and ends different every time. if you like rts military with a sense of historical accuracy i would recommend this game. try both sides as well. good game and good time killer."
,Recommended,306660,11710296,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Gordon,"If you Civil War, you'll like this game."
,Recommended,306660,10671941,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Skim Pickens,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg already stands out as an RTS in such an early stage. It took me 3 good hours to win the battle at Gettysburg and every second was amazing. With so many different difficulty options and outcomes after each day, there is nearly infinite replayability value. I recommend this game highly to any RTS or Strategy fan, and also anyone who likes good PC games."
76561198006613316,Recommended,306660,11329466,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Van Diemen,"One of the most innovative and easy accessible strategy games that I have seen in years. Ultimate General: Gettysburg is great mix of realism and fun, combined with a user friendly interface and simple, but perfect, game mechanics.The Battle of GettysburgThe setting of the game is centered, as the name implies, around only one battle: the battle of Gettysburg. One of the pivotal moments of American Civil War history.This was the battle in which General Robert E. Lee of the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia, after a series of victories over the northern armies launched his second attack/invasion in Union territory. All preparations had been made to assemble as many men as the south could muster to decisively defeat the Union army in the north on their own soil just prior to the US presidential elections. The rationale behind this invasion of the south was to destroy Union morale and cause President Abraham Lincoln to not be re-elected for another term, opening the door for peace. Alternatively, if things would go extremely well, the objective would be to take Washington D.C. and thereby end the war almost immediately.On the 1st of July 1863, the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia and the Union Army of the Potomac met each other near the town of Gettysburg. The battle that would follow would be the largest of the entire conflict, ultimately resulting in a decisive Union victory. The game puts you in charge of the entire Union or Confederate Army from the earliest moments of the first day right through the entire multi-day battle that would be Gettysburg.First ImpressionsFrom the start you can choose to fight as the Confederates or as the Union, you start from the 1st of July when the first elements of both armies met each other at McPherson's Ridge. From then on it is you, the player, who decides how the battle will progress. The battle map has a unique art style that is very appealing to the eye. People that familiar to for example Total War games might feel that the graphics of this game are inferior. The difference is that where Total war puts emphasis on graphics and more lighter, arcadish entertainment, this game puts more emphasis on the more realistic tactical and strategic part of a battle. The graphics are therefore of lesser importance, but that does not mean that they are bad. As a matter of fact I very much liked these graphics as I think they are functional and allow the player to have a good impression on what is happening on the battlefield.Battle Phases and MapThe aim of the entire game is of course to win the battle, either as the Confederates or the Union. However, in order to win, the entire battle is divided in a number of days/phases as are many battles throughout history. You start out on day 1 with mostly a skirmish between the elements of both armies for control of the western ridges of the town of Gettysburg. On the map each objective has victory points. These are the points one needs to capture in order to win that phase of the battle. The amount of time in which you can achieve this is limited usually to half a day, which progresses quite slow in comparison to other games on the market. This game therefore actually feels much more realistic and gives you way more time to think over your tactical strategies. During each phase you might get reinforcements as they approached the field at certain time during the real battle. Your handling of the situation finally determines the how the battle will progress. For example, if you capture more key objectives, such as Cemetery Hill and Culp's Hill as the Conferates, during the first day of the battle this might result in an early victory. Between each phase of the battle you will have multiple tactical decisional options available that can be historical or not, depending on how the battle went thus far. Units that were in battle earlier and  that suffered losses or are on low morale or exhausted, which is abstracted by a unit morale and condition parameter, will inherit this status to the next phase. This gives much more tactical depth to your decisions. Do you push hard and capture key objectives early on with many losses or play more conservative with the risk of losing momentum? Do not forget: enemy reinforcements could still turn the battle even when you are already celebrating victory or in despair. It is these details that make this game stand out from many other strategy games I have played over the years.UnitsUnit commands are simple, yet effective. You simply click a unit and drag and drop a line along which they can move. You can also group multiple units and move them together and units will automatically form up formations depending on how far they need to move. If they need to march a long distance they form a column and form a line when getting closer to combat or their final destination. You can have units walk or run, though running will reduce their condition, thereby making them less effective in a fight and letting them rout more easy. Also units can be forced to hold, which will force them to stay at their location and only move then either ordered or routed. Objects on the map, such as woods, houses or stone walls will give units cover, which is calculated by the cover parameter. High cover reduces the chance of getting hit, which can be vital to give your units the edge over the enemy in firefights. Units can also be ordered to charge, though the outcome can be unpredictable. Charging towards cannister shot loaded cannons might not be such a smart thing. However charging with rested troops into weakened enemy troops holding a position can be a great way to quickly take an objective and gain ground. Here the key is to do the right stuff at the right time and moment. An all out charge with all troops will likely result in a defeat, so picking your battles even within a battle is vital to success.The AIWhen you start a new game you can choose the opposing general's attitude. You can pick many different attitudes, which are distributed in two ways: difficulty and aggressiveness. You can thus have for example a difficult defensive opponent or a balanced one. On the field you can notice the difference between these attitudes. This therefore means that the Union will not always be on the defense only, as was mostly the case in the historical battle under the risk-avoiding Union general Meade. The same goes if playing for the Union, though the Confederates will always attack on the first days, the attitude can matter on how aggressive an opponent is. More difficult opponents tend to flank more and more aggressive opponents tend to charge more often or place their guns closer to the front line. The AI is therefore a welcome surprise and you will find the AI not a pushover, though as a human I must admit I tend to finally win, though individual phases of the battle can be lost.Closing CommentsUltimate General: Gettysburg, is a great game that is still being developed as we speak. It combines excellent tactical decision making with realism all coated with decent graphics and art. The sound effects of the game are functional, but not special. The simple handling of units works well and the slower pace of the this game compared to other tactical war games allows for easy control of the units and a very to-the-point system. The AI is good and the different attitudes that can be set, combined with your own different handling of the battle, gives the game more replayability. The multiple battle phases/days and dynamic tactical options between each phase allows for more freedom of choice and again adds to replayabilty and depth to the game.Though only as of now, one battle, this battle was been implemented the most user friendly and best way I have ever seen from a game. I hope the team that makes this game will continue to add battles in future. I would say for strategy fans, this game is a must buy."
76561197986323599,Recommended,306660,11581936,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,buzzard,"Simply a fabulous game.  Had lots of time in, so it's not an opinion with zero merit.  Cannot understand the negative reviews here.  This ought to be a self-selecting audience. Anyone playing this likes Civil War History, and/or strategy games.  For those seeking some hysterically complex game with 70,000 hexes and 500,000 units, I would say you won't find it here.  But if you are looking for a great, fast-paced, fun to play strategy game, this fills the bill perfectly.  There are plenty of units, great animations, and the field of dead is rewarding, at the end of a battle.  There are a few tweaks necessary for line of sight stuff, but often your own troops and geographic features are legitimately blocking the artillery - usually can be remedied by moving it around.  When you DO find a good spot for your artillery, it is devastatingly effective.  I just had a great game, with an 'Epic Victory' at Cemetery Hill.  As the Confederates, I won the high ground on Culps Hill and a Hill just south of the battle area, and moved my artillery up fast.  The battle ended with me having 6500 dead to the Union 10,000 dead, and I had Cemetery Hill.  It was glorious.  My only real complaint is that it is difficult sometimes to perceive your position on a hill, relative to the enemy (and between your own units).  A rotating oblique view/camera might help address the positioning issues.  I am not sure if the developer reads these reviews, but I would love to have a replay feature.  Not sure if it would be too much of a nod/copy of SMG, but a replay feature would be great, or some mechanism to review one's performance after a battle.  The battles are tense, and demand some concentration. There is not really time to look around (except a snapshot on pause), and it would be great to review how things went, at a more leisurely pace when the battle is done.  I have played through a dozen or two full campaigns of several battles, and find it interesting and engaging each time.  The ground is familar, but trying new tactics or taking different chances keeps things perpetually fresh.  Great game."
,Recommended,306660,17874698,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Espada86,"Not only the game is increadibly good, the AI of the enemy is probably the best I have ever seen in a strategy game and It's the only game I have seen that made a proper use of the Steam Early Access service. I bought this game to thank Dartis for his total war mods that gave me so much fun, and will continue to do it with future products of this company."
,Recommended,306660,10468537,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,TinyPirate,"Really great for an Early Access. Keep up th great work, dev team! Spacebar to pause would be appreciated, however."
,Recommended,306660,10491736,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Solid Samus,"I'd recommend this great, innovative game to any RTS fan. The AI is one of if not the greatest in any strategy game I have ever played. The settings for the AI are fun to experiment with and the AI is actually TRYING to win the game making the game very fun and challenging. The UI is a little hard to get a hold of at first but becomes clear quickly. I do feel that this game has put its price tag a bit too low for such a great game."
76561197978985832,Recommended,306660,13828003,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Aemaeth,"This game is easy to play and a lot of fun.UI:Very friendly!Just drag and drop you deploy your units, much better than Total War games.Graphics:Unique, can't say it's fancy but still looks good.Sound:Never care about that, maybe they could do better.Gameplay:Depending on your combat result the campaign moves on, every single replay is unique and AI is quite smart.Only one problem: I'm not American thus I don't know any of the generals, that must be like Americans or Russians playing Dynasty Warriors......"
76561198022534000,Recommended,306660,10498816,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Jim Dude,"First of all I want to give this proudly under-stated development team the long over due credit it deserves. You all are definatly showing your impressive chops with this submission. As not only a gamer of 3+ decades but also an avid historian this Gettysburg ... I guess the word is expected to be ""Simulation"", but that can hardly do it justice at all. I personally see this as more of a virtual re-enactment game. Case in point I have read this product to be rather over compared to Sid Meirs Gettysburg from nearly a decade and half ago. I can not agree with that assessment at all. Apples and oranges. I have played that game on a Win. 98 pc and an emulator very recently. If that era is classical Greece. This game is Victorian England. Pax Britainia may lack the unity and tradition of it's predicessor however the one thing it has in spades is adaptability. In it's present form this title has about three great innovations going for it and about 5 that are heinously broken. Three of which I think will get smoothed out in time.Pro's:#1 The graphics are atleast as fluidic as the gameplay. To some this may be a no-brainer but as I have noticed over the decades. Games that look awesome often play like crap. Tweak report: Better zooming in and out. Overlay FMV scenes for special events. (I.E devils den, little round top.)#2 Commanders and regiments are not only diverse in character but also manage to perform true to the peroid specific level of technology. (In english that all means that instead of rapid fire shoot and scoot, we are getting an almost 'real-time' 3 shots a minute line of battle.) In previous game's of this era you could easily creep toward the enemy and push them away. If you try that with this game you're likely to get half your regiment shot up. Very true to form indeed. Kudos. Tweak report: Please don't take this as a critism but command units, especial cavalry, of the post napolionic era were attached to there units. Litteraly could not go more than about 50 yards away from the captain or Major in line of battle. If they did NOBODY had orders or knew what direction to go. It was all done by a rather rediculous web of riders, runners and couriers. Through out the civil war walkie talkies could have saved THOUSANDS of lives. In game terms. The little horse command units that tend to wander all over Pennsylvania until a skirmish unit kills them are about as usefull as titts on a bull unless directly attached to something dependant on moral. The exception to this is of course Artillary. They did not have upper ranking officers. The were drawn by individual division commanders.#3 Objective points that are actually worth fighting for rather than just over-running on the way to destroying the enemy. Straight forward, basic and to the point. The difference between an educational game and a fun one is in the details. Finally a game where you can really get a feel for making the opponate ""Pay for the same real estate twice"" as G. Patton would say.Cons: As of my writing this, these are the bugs and glitches that I personaly feel need the most attention. I will try to by pass the ones that have already been brought up by others.#1 Stick-man-mania. Most all RTS games have had this problem in one form or another since the dawn of Pong. In battle, troops DO NOT move as one no matter how well deciplined they are made out to be. Some stop and stand in place. Some fall down and stand back up. Others soil them selves and run off screaming like there sister. A formation of 'soldiers' that is prone to be a block with a hit point rating is VERY easy to manipulate into doing whatever the heck you want it to do all the time. A phenominon that has happened in battle pretty much... NEVER. And even worse tends to lose it's fun value. Tweak report: Perhaps incorporate a chaos responce matrix into individual regiments. No more or less than 13% will react to something like being green battle fatigue or of course the rebel yell. Johny reb was not as well fed and would have less stamina but more likely to make a stand against a larger force. Billy Yank has the mini-ball and more acurate at range but also went into Gettysburg with annoying little problems like alarmingly poor morale and a language barrier.#2 Terrain perspective confusion. This may have just been me doing something wrong... But I had a regiment on one side of a grove of tree's trading shots with an enemy on the other side of the grove of trees and I'll be darned if both sides were not getting shot to hell. Rivers / streams seem about as hindering as roads. Buildings can be walked through as though they are not there... etc.#3 No capture or bayonete melee. I imagine this will be on the top of the list to fix, however I just wanted to add the idea that their seems to be a charging, routing then they turn and fire at you thing going on... ALOT!All just my respective two cents. Looking forward to coutless hours of fun with this. Hoping to see such expansions as Antietem, Fredricksburg, Vicksburg to name a few.Jim"
76561198007475885,Recommended,306660,12532985,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,itchy01ca01,"If you remember Sid Meier's Gettysburg, this is it, with a modern engine, graphics and controls. No more messing about trying to get the old Gettysburg to work on a modern OS. Great value, with an entire campaign, dozens of individual battles and a few ""what if"" scenarios. A must-buy for the civil -war lover, or any lover of tactics."
76561197990853449,Not Recommended,306660,25838477,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Thogmar,"I'm only giving this a thumbs down at the moment while I await improvements, mainly more variety.The game itself has a very good look and fun gameplay for the most part, but it is a little weird having an RTS for Civil War battles. Being that RTS games are speeded up or contstrained to very small areas for gameplay sake, it makes this Civil War battle much, much more frantic to play than the actual battle would have been for the area covered.And RTS should really cover a much smaller area with troops that move very slow in real life. Or as other have said, larger maps are better as TBS games. But it is what it is.The main complaint is the single battle content. Simply way, way, way too little. I read than an antetam battle is coming, but this game should have launched with at least a half dozen battles if not twice that many. One battle seems like an early access tech demo, not a finished game. I'd pay DOUBLE the price for more content.So I'll re-review when/if the content amount is boosted up."
,Recommended,306660,10586610,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Toby,"Did you like Empire/Napoleon Total War, but disliked the terrible ai that just rushed in a big blob and never did anything that made sense? Did you also hate the awful controls that made managing your units a chore? Ultimate General is the polar opposite of that. Writing this, I have only played for a short while, but already the battles are much more enjoyable and challenging than Empire/Napoleon Total War ever was.After spending years fixing Creative Assembly's mess, Nick Thomadis, the creator of the Darth Mod for various Total War games, decided to make his own game and the result is this.The ai is intelligent and fights hard and your own units manage just fine without you micro managing them. Leaving you to take care of the larger plan. The controls are streamlined, in a good way, instead of having to micro manage your unit's formation and making sure that they won't die the moment you move away, you give more general commands and the ai figures out the rest intelligently. I never had to tell my troops what to attack specifically, only where to go. They made good choices on their own.That doesn't mean you just sit and watch the battle unfold. You still have to make sure that your troops are in the right places to ensure victory. The game does allow some micro management but it is often not needed.Game is still in early access, but already it is a lot of fun. With the addition of multiplayer it can only get better.Highly recommended, especially to those who are looking for a game with great ai. For real this time."
76561198036745214,Recommended,306660,10502827,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,XPONY2,"I'm really a big fan of developers because they're the creators of 'DarthMod' in Total War Series, they have improved the dynamic of the battle pretty greatly, AIs did not become dumbasses as before. And for this game is even better than many strategy games in the markets thanks to smart AI from both our side and enemy side. They react to incoming fire or movement, you don't have to babysit them all the time unlike other games. Also troops did not run away from the battlefiled when they were routed, they will run out of combat and take some rest. Every consequence you made will affect your next battle, if your army was devastated in the previous battle you will have a really hard time to fight the next one. Please do alwasys think thoughtfully before sending your army into the battle, otherwise they will die in vain.It's a really decent game for the early access better than any early access games I had played before, it didn't come with a ton of bugs. Anyway, it's not the perfect game at this moment because it still have some bugs that really drive me insane such as enemy skirmishers and calvaries ran into my line formation, they suppose to flank and harass not to run into directly, or I can't see the height of the terrain, so I cannot find a good spot for my artilleries.I recommend this game to every commander out there to play is game. It's only $10 atm, and the price will go higher when the final release come!10/10"
,Recommended,306660,21450342,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,lil.dopa,"The first hour or so of this game was frustrating. The developers did not include much in the way of a game guide or tutorial, however Dartis actually has an awesome tactical guide on steam. You can find itat this link.If anyone is having trouble with this game, or finds it to be flawed I highly recommend reading this guide. It goes into detail about things like condition and morale, which play a huge role in charges, retreating, etc. Once you know these concepts god damn does this game become fun! The past 10 hours (as of now) since the first hour I played has been only enjoyable.It is tactical, brutal, tense..the ground in front of you changes hands six times, canister shot after canister shot being poured into the lines. makes me excited just thinking about it.This is a game of patience and maneuvering. It is a fair amount of stand and fire, fallback and replace the line with reserves, and so on, just like the actual civil war. However a cunning, opportune massed charge or flank attack can break through and roll up the enemies line. The important thing is being able to utlize this advantage, which in the actual civil war was sometimes not taken advantage of (as in, a charge that broke through had no real plan for afterward and would be repulsed).So it is purely a strategy game. What will you do after breaking through? Do you have reserves to follow up? Are you going to/have you created a salient? This game reminds me of chess in some ways, in that each move must have a larger plan, must have something it is following up, and you must be ready to counter any move the opposition may make.No game is perfect but in terms of pure, straight-forward strategy with a fantastic historical flair,Ultimate General: Gettysburgcomes pretty dang close."
76561198025696328,Recommended,306660,10443537,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,[Ex13thFL]spearman,This game is the best of a game i love everything about it and the help the devolpers did to help me so great i give this a 5/5 i would recommend this to people
76561198000603889,Recommended,306660,13454529,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Godrik,The best civil war Tactical I've ever played. I want more.
76561198041115558,Recommended,306660,16715836,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Repaer,"I got only about 5 hours on this game and I want to say that this game is goddamn good!! I am not even a hardcore RTS fan but I still goddamn like this game, alright, and I'm so goddamn proud to have this game in my library ALRRIGHTTT!!! And I wrote this review because people goddamm want to ""remove""or ""cover"" history, which is dumb, Conferderate flag did exist so get over it, blackies (I'm sorry alright lol). You need balls to play as Conferderate in this game, it's hard not easy, it's struggling for casual players"
76561198028900795,Recommended,306660,12517086,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,FarrowsHarrows,it is a fun game reminds me of sid meiers gettysburg. it is short and not as in depth as those games. i also havnt played since it 3-4 wks ago. it was fun but was over priced and short
,Recommended,306660,16730663,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,CeeKay,Purchased to support Confederate marriage and the Duke boys.  Also bought just in case Steam removes it from sale over its depiction of the US Flag.
76561198115503663,Recommended,306660,12515918,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,EdgeLordMcEdgerson,"one hell of a game, one of the best games i played all year"
,Recommended,306660,16763882,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,[UBI]SamsungNinja,"I played a General. I watched as my troops fought, demoralized and hungry, against the Union forces. I led my troops as we took ridges and hills, towns and cities.10/10, would secede again."
76561198088817658,Recommended,306660,23335975,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,yoyo8346,"Frustrating and buggy at times, but once you grasp all the mechanics it's pretty fun and worth it."
76561198012123517,Recommended,306660,23312444,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Shaka,Great  game. Its a bit limited in terms of input. But for it is a battle sim its pretty good. AI is a bit weak though once you the hang of it. But this engine could really be developed to make a lot more scenerios and expand to a real campaign type game.
76561198008253082,Recommended,306660,14019938,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Comrade Cal,"I've played a lot of strategy games, and being an avid history nerd, mostly historical ones. From Rome: Total War to Civ 5 to everything inbetween by every developer to every time peroid. From Paradox Interactive to Relic games, from World War 2 to the Antiquity. I've also had the pleasure of playing Darthmod's amazing mods for the Total war series, my particular favourite being the Empire and Shogun II Varient. In short, I have no life.After announcing he was going solo on his own project a while back, I was surprised when I saw this pop up in my recommened list, as it had sort of gone under the rader for me. I picked it up in the Christmas sales, and gave it a whirl.I have only a faint intrest in the ACW, but I knew enough about Gettysburg and the scale + importance of the battle to be interested.What a shock I was in for.Firstly, I was struck by something that CA and others have dragged it's feet on for so long now, and that's proper AI difficulty. You can choose to face AI who is Risky, Defenesive, Caustious or Aggresive to name just a few, and it also gives you the option to face a Random AI charateristic, as well as the option to boost the AI. Something as simple as this can add a lot for replay value, not to mention be incredibly fun.Upon loading in the game (Confedrate naturally, because nothing beats shouting ""YEEE-HAAAA!"" at the top of your lungs in a Mississippi accent charging into canister shot), I was presented with a nice clear tutorial, and thrown into it. It took me three tries to beat the first day of the battle, but it was the most fun I've had with an RTS ever. The controls were so fluid, giving orders was simple, the terrain  and line of sight mechanic were so easy to understand due to simple lighting effects, the combat was brutal, and by using a simple casulty ratio to dead sprites, you could fit the realistic amount of men without feeling the map was cramped,  and the continuation from day to day with yesterdays resources was a really nice touch. I emerged with a minor victory and a beard Grant would envy after 3 days of bloody mayhem , but I was proud as punch.The Map in the game is a piece of art, with the terrain and hills being prominent features that look and feel important. Historical POI's  and landmarks are all labelled (everything is labelled in fact) , so for the history nut it's really a great insight into what sort of conditions the battle was fought in. The noise the battles produce feel real, with rifles peeling and cannons booming. Projectiles and impacts fly around the place like rain, with thousands of men firing volley after volleys into each other. It feels and looks epic.There are a few drawbacks. The game is still realtively new (not ALPHA new, but new new) and bugs exist, sometimes controls can glitchy (especially with cavalry), Multiplayer can be cruel, and considering your playing nearly 10 euro for the 3 days of Gettysburg, I feel it's a little much to ask for. However, I'm happy to give it over beacuse the game is being patched all the time, and for the first time since the bitter dissapointment of Rome II, I'm really looking forward to seeing forward what comes after this.So, in conclusion, buy this game because not only is it the most realistic ACW battle simulator I have ever seen, it's also breaking ground in a rather stagnant strategy genre, and it's beautiful to watch.TL;DRBuy this game, so you too can know the joy of being a Southern Gentlemen (thebestkind of gentlemen) whilst losing your entire army beacuse you risked Pettigrew's brigade charging up a hill and forgot you had cannon reserves somewhere to the rear. But God Damn, it looked spectacular didn't it?"
76561198007871023,Recommended,306660,23392770,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,hows my aim?,"Overall I believe that this was a solid purchase on my part. I have only a few desires for change, in the single player mode i'd like to see the battle shift more in line with what actually happened in the prior phase. There has been multiple times that i've knocked the union off of point holding hills only for them to pop back up on that hill in the next phase. Apart from that this is a solid start for what I hope is a series of games."
,Recommended,306660,13981276,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Dawnreaver,"At last,  A.I with the ""I"" meaning intelligence not idiocy!"
76561198202481724,Recommended,306660,15529216,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,DDominator123,Extremely good but may be slightly difficult for those new to RTS games. A must have for strategy game fans though
76561198151452762,Not Recommended,306660,21086290,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,CannonFodderKiwi,"I like this game but it has to be a thumbs down. The game play doesnt seem balanced. I can have more troops, fresh support, cannons laying in  to them, the high ground and commanding offices there to""spur the boys along"" and I still   take more losses.Thats just frustrating. Its a shames and the rest of the game is good and it would be something normally would be a big thumbs up, but the balancing is too much of an issue (and this with with AI on low difficulty)"
76561198011391621,Recommended,306660,14511392,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,adamcs,"Who doesn't love a good flanking? With Ultimate General: Gettysburg (made up subtitle: 50 Shades of Gray and Blue), you can bust out all the clever flanks, quick marches, and brave hilltop stands that your little 19th century heart desires. I won't go over the same ground everyone else has trod a hundred times, so if you want to see about tactics, history, or cute little pointer arrows, see the other reviews.What I want to talk about is fun. The game is fun. Period. Like many people who are both reading this and over 30, I enjoyed several copies of Sid Meier's Gettysburg until they wore out and/or technology made it obscenely difficult to play, unless you download these 14 programs and employ a wizard. Along comes this game, which has apparently been dubbed ""UGG"" by people who are bad at thinking things through (seriously guys?).The playability is easy to learn and more importantly easy to work under pressure. So you'll have plenty of time to watch closely for attacks, counter attacks, feints, troop movement, and all the swirling of mayhem and chaos that is a Civil War era battlefield. As well as plenty of time to scream at your troops to  ""MOVE DAMMIT! The Rebs are coming!"". Just like a REAL general.Multiplayer is a growing and fun experience as long as you plan to play before 9pm PST, because apparently everyone else is asleep after that. Perhaps dreaming of more charges and attacks. Maybe even dreaming of wrenching the controls from the esteemed Historical Gamer, so that maybe his division will face the right freaking direction at some point in the battle. Either way, matching wits against a fellow time displaced tactical thinker is always a treat, from the most nail biting battle of wits to the ""Oh for the love of God he just rolled right over me with two divisions and a light cavalry.""It's worth playing. It's being improved constantly. It's growing. It's a ton of fun and a great mental exercise for the person who missed out on the ability to send tens of thousands of young men to their deaths for glory, honor, country, duty, and about 10 cents a day. Just play the damned game. And seriously Von Gilsa! Why won't you MOVE!"
76561198007544900,Recommended,306660,15776772,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,plncdr1960,"Bought with the recent promotion (thanks steam) and thoroughly enjoyed. Fast moving, fun, rules could use more helfpful detail, by and large enjoyable."
76561198033867624,Recommended,306660,24088317,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,-ase-,"I love this game. It's very innovative. You actually have two armies against eachother with limited numbers, not like in other games, where you can recruit on the go. It's campaign, though short, is an amazing rework history - wise."
,Recommended,306660,14504010,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Thick,"As a strategy/history game fan, this looked right up my alley. The fact that it's also created by the created of the DarthMod series for Total War is another plus and you know he has a knack for authenticity.The battle's have a time limit, to win the battle, you don't need to destroy all your enemy's forces, you simply need to capture strategic points on the map. At points in the battle, reinforcements will arrive for you or your opponent, which could turn the tide at any time. The maps are topographically modeled, and line of sight is important, as well as finding cover for your troops. The AI is great, and you can choose between 9 types of AI from cunning, to balanced, to dumb.If you've ever played a true large scale tactical battle simulator like Sudden Strike, you'll feel right at home in this. I really hope to see more in this Ultimate General series."
76561198026045229,Recommended,306660,14506941,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,jhgamm,Awesome game! I hope they make many more just like it!
76561198012646530,Recommended,306660,35453985,Posted: 3 October,all,majburt,"A+.  This is one of the best battlefield strategy games I've ever played.   Starting with the VERY well researched and beautifully displayed battlefield of Gettysburg.  Top notch.  The forces, of course, are historically accurate as well.  Control of those forces are very intuitive and seamless which is necessary considering this is a real-time game and not a turn-based one.  Understanding the relationship of the different troop types is essential to success and the game does a great job of giving you the tools you need.  As in the historical battle, the game is win-able by either side so it really does come down to the decisions of the player.  I have achieved major victories using either side but it took a few tries (especially as the Confederates--I'll give you a hint NO REST for the wicked).  The artillery and cavalry superiority of the North make winning with them a bit easier, I think.  If you enjoy war games, especially well researched historical games, this is for you!  Again, A+After reading many of the reviews (especially the few negative ones) it is clear that a those individuals probably don't understand the tactics of the time period.  I think (by reading their comments) that many also are overly influenced by modern 'shooter' games as well as modern 'RTS' games.  This is a game constructed to be a U.S. Civil War game.  Meaning that the units, the weapons, the tactics, the formations, (i.e. everything) is tailored to this era.  If someone wants units to behave like space marines from Dawn of War...keep dreaming.  BUT since this isn't Starcraft I can tell you to just read between the lines in a lot of these negative reviews--they say more about the reviewer than the game.  Again, if you want a great historically accurate and well researched Civil War battle game that allows you to actually try different approaches to victory, this is the game for you.  C&C, DoW and Starcraft are all great games, but this is not those (nor should it be).  What this IS however is a great Civil War game."
,Recommended,306660,14075989,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,TheFlyingRoss,"Wow, just wow.The only thing that this game would benifit from is a total campaign.  Almost like a very old school game where your army would earn money from winning, casualties would follow you from battle to battle, and you could upgrade units weapons.  This would be epic.Small note, Artillery would benifit greatly from a new mechanic to show LOS."
,Recommended,306660,14578430,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Emperor Marcus Awoolius,"A very nice RTS set during the Battle of Gettysburg during the US Civil War. The AI feels competant, as does the movement system. You can play as either side adding replayability.If you're even a moderate fan of RTSs or Strategy games, a history fanatic or just want to try something different, I'd recommend this"
,Recommended,306660,25365252,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SEEDHUNTER,The game is great and complex and it's going to take a couple more hours for me to be any good with my army.
76561198142115878,Recommended,306660,24916215,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,i play sometimes,Great game. I love the fact that all of the units in this game are historically accurate to where they were positioned in the historical scenarios. I always get into the game whenever I play it.
76561198018884798,Recommended,306660,14006884,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,RalphRoberts,"A difficult and rewarding game, I highly recommend to any who fancy themselves tacticians."
76561198003127386,Recommended,306660,24772573,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Sir Garnet,"A great solo and multiplayer game presenting the Battle of Gettysburg as a branching mini-campaign of engagements in part of the field taking part of a day.  Each fignht shapes the next, offering alternative historical paths that can keep the game fresh over the years.  There are also extra maps, many prepared precisely for balanced multiplayer action.The UI controls are straisghtforward and easily used, and the action can be paused for reflection by the player at any time. The AI (v1.7) is impresssive with alternative AI commander personalities that have different playstyles, and each scenario is playable in the range of half an hour.I recommend this to anyone with an interest in wargaming or the the Civil War, and as a thoughtful gift to give to anyone who enjoys such an interest."
76561198107448580,Recommended,306660,11177465,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Armistead1863,"This is a great game, well worth the $10 to purchase it.  As someone who has nearly passed the Gettysburg Liscensed Battlefield Guide exam, missing the cut by three quetions, I can say that this game is a real treat for the historian as well as a casual gamer.  This game mixes historically accurate scenarios with the always wonderful what ifs.  The playing field is wonderfully detailed, included much lesser known landmarks than your traditional game would have included.  Ultimate General Gettysburg takes me back to the days of playing Sid Meirer's Gettysburg.  The two have quite a lot of similarities, so if you are familiar with Sid's version you can see how this game plays.  The only draw backs to this game that I have come across are two things.  One: you only get brigade command and not individual regimental commands, so the tactical command in battle is kind of simplistic.  Two: the brigades aren't historically accurate to the condition of the troops.  In several scenarios, Brockenbrough's brigade, which in real life was poorly lead and filled with lesser quality troops, but in this game they will stand and fight almost to the last man; meanwhile crack units will retreat after the first volley they receive.  Other than those picky critiques this game in extremely entertaining and is a pleasure to play."
76561198013866903,Recommended,306660,10736338,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Catholic_Confederate,"Short, sweet, and loads of fun! Crush the dastardly Yankees at Gettysburg and secure victory for the Southern people!An RTS, Ultimate General: Gettysburg is a really well made game. Players are given predetermined troops who must seize certain objectives on the battlefield. The landscape is beautifully rendered in a clean, vibrant style. At the end of the battle's time limit (which may be delayed for certain reseans), scores are tallied to determine the victor. Casulties (I believe) are carried over into the next battle. The Iron Brigade was crushed in the first battle and practically ceased to exist (take that Lincolnites!). Before the next battle, the player is given two option to choose from on the overall goal of the next battle (seize Seminary Ridge, hold Culp's Hill, etc). Even as such a short game, this creates a lot of replayability. First time I played (Dixians of course) I narrowly lost. Second time round was an epic victory with 37,000 Yankee casulties to the South's 25,000. ""Field promotions all around! President Davis will be most pleased.""I really hope this same system spawns sequels. Ultimate General: Sharpsburg, Ultimate General: Atlanta Campaigns, and Ultimate General: Spanish Fort and Fort Blakely would not only be epic but extrordinarily unique!For the South!"
76561197999133294,Recommended,306660,11079513,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Seacobra_84,Amazing game. I've been waiting a very long time for someone to follow up with SM's Antietam and Gettyburg. The developers are constantly adding new features and improvements based on user feedback. Keep up the great work. I hope they add more battles in the future.
76561198040486926,Recommended,306660,11192753,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Zelekendel,It's a breath of fresh air in the tactical genre and a worthy successor to Sid Meier's Gettysburg.
76561198136576294,Recommended,306660,11233265,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,King_of_the_Dot,"This game is priced appropriately, if not slightly to the purchaser's advantage.For what you pay for and what the dev delivers, you get a pretty darn sweet little game.  The game's menus are simplistic and easily read and understood.  The graphics are simple, yet clean and fitting for a game like this.  Terrain plays a proper factor in battle.  Troop movement, for the most part, works how it should, and tactical decisions seem to have an impact on the battle.On the other hand this game has a few flaws.  Ive been able to completely push Union forces beyond the edges of the map without having a quicker, more decisive victory.  I have to maintain a certain distance from the edge of the map, in order to kill the forces more effectively.  Also the Confederate troops seem to retreat an awful lot in close quarters and during charges, despite having greater numbers than the defending units being fought.  General Davis' troops, in particular, seem to retreat almost every time I send them into battle.Overall the game is great, but with a few various AI flaws.  The dev is, however, actively developing this game and updating it regularly, so I am quite happy with this purchase, and do suggest purchasing this game before the price increases.(I have updated my scores after the last few updates)Graphics - 8.25 (Rated this high based on the subject matter and stylistic approach of the dev)Gameplay - 8.4 (This should only increase as the game reaches its full potential)Replay Value - 8 (Multiplayer hs been added, but is still new)"
,Recommended,306660,11543373,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,SanDiegoNorman,"Wow, what a game - a 10 out of ten"
76561198007282680,Recommended,306660,11937243,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,dajarvi,"I've been following this game since its beta.  This review has the game still in beta, and I am most impressed with its development.  The AI is like I've never seen before in a strategy game.  Wow.  Elevation, condition, cover, morale, positioning, all of it is important in executing your tactics.  I look forward to its finished release and to further products by this company.  This game has a breakthrough in artificial intelligence that other grand strategy game companies can learn from.Additionally, civil war games usually involve only two factions: Union and Confederates.  Ultimate General Gettysburg does not get boring!  Two factions, yes.  But the strategy is a blast.  And for the price.  It's hard to pass up!"
76561198042953370,Recommended,306660,13824589,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Rye,"Amazing game, the charging mechanics can be a little wonky and i belive that it should be far, far easier for infantry to take out artillary, but one of the best rts games ive played since Empire/Napoleon TW.Update: stull a great game however i have come up with the new title for it: Ultimate stop running the ♥♥♥♥ away from the enemy simulator +  jesus christ please for the love of ♥♥♥♥ing god strop running away damnit"
76561197998394798,Recommended,306660,13842605,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Torynduron,"I LOVE military history and this does not disappoint.  Accurate locations and people.  Now, how does it stack up to other games?  I set the bar for realistic, history based, strategy war games at Company of Heroes.  If you haven't played it, it is one of few games that get a 10/10.Really the only things I dislike are the fact that sometimes the controls are a bit clunky.  Also, there are some things in the game that need explaining that are not explained within the game.  I had to go outside of the game to find out what they meant and how they affect the battlefield.  The game IS fun, make no mistake.  It cannot receive a 10 because it is not deep enough.  There are plenty of units that work well against other types but I think it could use a little tweaking.  I bought it for $6 and its been worth every penny.9/10The civil war was not fun.  This is."
76561198013897755,Recommended,306660,12609503,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Jiro Maru,Nice visual and offer a lot of strategy decision to players to have a different outcome of Gettysburg. Give it a try if you are a history buff!
76561198051587730,Recommended,306660,22775531,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Adz1990y,"Really enjoyed this game. competent AI, In depth strategy and overall just a fun game to play."
,Recommended,306660,11944335,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,TheColdApple,"Downloaded the game 5 days ago and I have spent hours playing this game.   I have played every Civil War PC game that has ever come on the market and I think this game has a lot of potential to be the best one.  There are only two recommendations so I am going to go with a ""thumbs up"" but if there was a ""so-so"" button I would press that. Again, this game has the potential to be the best and it looks like the makers of this game are constantly improving it.<h2>Pros:</h2><b>Ease of Gameplay/Movement</b>I was able to start playing this game from the moment I downloaded it. There was little to no learning curve at all.  They have made the controls so easy, a caveman could do it. Its very easy to move troops around and position them where you want them to be.<b>No Limber & Unlimber</b>Limbering and unlimbering your artillery makes for a more realistic gameplay. That is something artillery really had to do. However, when you're in the heat of battle and being overrun by a charge, its redundant and annoying to have to keep doing that to every artillery brigade. I forgot to do it sometimes in past games.  This is a detail that I am glad they left out. The AI just does it for you. It still takes a little time for them to get going but you don't have to press a button for them to do it.<b> Multiple Scenarios, Both Historical and What If </b>This is something most Civil War games have but it seems like this one has more ""what if"" options available. I have been to Gettysburg twice and know the layout well. Never heard of Benner's Hill. So I got to learn something new.<b> Accurate </b>All of the names, Generals and locations are accurate to the letter.  Impressive when you consider the developers are all from Eastern Europe. You can tell they spent hours doing their homework on even seemingly insignificant details.  Even the farms are labeled by their proper game.<b> Fun Gameplay...At Least Initially</b>If I were to give the gameplay a fun rating from 1-10, I would give this one a 6. Despite some faults that I will point out in a minute that annoyed me as I got into it, this is an overall fun game to play, at least for the first couple hours.<h2> Cons </h2>Here are some things that I think definitely needs to be fixed for this game to be great. They were not apparent during the first few hours but as time went by, got really annoying.<b> Confederate Army Has Obvious Advantage </b>This is a complaint that some other players have said and after playing with both armies, I totally agree. The CSA has a distinct advantage over the Union.<em>Background: Sorry if its long but I think it needs to be said. At the start of the war, the CSA had a distinct advantage in generals and quality of soldiers. Many of the generals had experience with the Mexican War 13+ years back and the men who made up southern army handling guns from the time they could walk. What's more, people from rural backgrounds will most likely be able to handle the rigors of long marches, lack of food, lack of adequate shelter and stress much better than their city counterparts.</em><em>Having said that, as the war drew on, this advantage disappeared. For one, many of the best southern generals were killed and the northern soldiers were catching up. By the summer of 1863, the quality of soldiers from the Union was pretty close to their southern counterparts.  The reason the Army of the Potomac was losing battles had nothing to do with its soldiers. From all accounts, the men who were present at Fredericksburg, 2nd Manassas and Chancellorsville were as brave as you can be. It was the successive appointments of unqualified and incapable Major Generals (many of whom got their position by their connections in Washington) that were responsible for blunder after blunder after blunder.</em>Now...back the the game. The Confederate troops are unrealistically better than the Union.  Its overblow to an obvious level that gets frustrating quickly. They can withstand the worst of situations (very low moral and condition) while the Union troops seem to run at the first volley that gets fired at them.Every charge done by the CSA ends in a route for them. Pressing ""charge"" for any Union unit is a complete waste of time b/c it never works. They always loose the melee. The Iron Brigade and Vincent's Brigade were not the only decent units at Gettysburg.<b> Infinite Artillery </b>There should be a limit to the amount of shells each artillery unit has. They either need to run out until the next battle or have to resupply.The only advantage the Union army has is its superior artillery. It seems to have more artillery most of the time and can be better concentrated because of the compact interior. You can really mass artillery units together to help make up for your poor quality troops.<em>However, the amount of artillery available is also relevant to the battle.  Some may call me nitpicking but this has a HUGE IMPACT on the battle. The CSA had enough cannons but couldn't resupply them as fast as the Union. This could never be more true than during Pickett's Charge. The whole plan of General Lee was to bombard the center into smithereens and then send 15,000 into a softened center. Problem is, they ran out of artillery ammo shortly before the charge started and couldn't support the army. While they were charging on the 3rd day, the Union shooting everything you can imagine into their ranks while their guns were silent.</em>In essence, I'm saying that if you're going to make the Confederate soldiers so much better than the Union then you need to make the Union's artillery advantage equally better than the Confederate.As the game stands, the Union has a small advantage in this department but not enough. In this game the CSA wins the 3rd day with too much ease. The Union artillery doesn't do enough to break their ranks up and the Union soldiers crack.When I'm doing Pickett's Charge as the CSA, I can put the troops on autopilot. I told every brigade to charge towards the center and won with ease. Main reason: the Unions primary advantage on this day is high mitigated.Note: I know the 3rd day is hard to replicate because no Gettysburg game has gotten it right. Sid Meier's....same thing. The artillery of the Union, as programmed, can't do enough damage and their soldiers can be easy overwhelmed.<b> Seminary Ridge Needs To Be Further From Cemetery Hill<b>They are way too close. They need to be distanced. One of the reasons why the 3rd day is so unrealistic is because they CSA seems to only have to charge a couple feet to get to the center line. This make the 2nd con I just mentioned more pronounced because the the Union gets a 1-3 good shoots before the Confederates are upon them.<b> Calvery </b>It seems awfully easy for Stuart's cavalry to to flank me from behind on the 3rd day. Custer's men don't put up much of a fight (even though they win a battle one day later) and the southern cavalry easily charges through massed volleys. I find myself having to divert an insane number of men and artillery to keep him at bay. No matter what his casualties are when I do this, he regroups after a couple minutes and charges at me again. Unrealistic! Harass. Maybe. Attack supply lines. Yes. Disrupt. Yes. Maybe I'm wrong but I never remember horse cavalry attacking the main army in massed formation like that. Bufford could be used to counter my argument but he was doing more a delaying action that anything and they were dismounted."
,Recommended,306660,13779009,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SyarKanta,I would recommend this game because it's what i have been looking for in a strategy game. It's set in 1863 Gettysburg. I give up wrighting/typing im too tired so yah it's a great game worth the money you should by it and goodbye.
,Recommended,306660,22832984,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Disinterested,Strong AI simple system. Fun and light for how deep it is. Replayable.
,Recommended,306660,13774615,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dangus Khan,10/10 would rise the south again
76561197972463595,Recommended,306660,13874420,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Baron von Poopenstein,"I am really enjoying this game.  It reminds me fondly of Sid Meier's Gettysburg.The AI is very good, and the controls are easy and intuitive. Actually tracing your path on the map is very satisfying.The graphics are nice. I would have loved to have seen real 3D terrain, but the topographical map gives you the info you need to play the game.I would really like to see better group formation controls, something more akin to how Empire: Total War does it."
76561198138346888,Recommended,306660,17977223,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,seththe14,"This game has the hardest game A.I. I have ever played agianst. It goes up there in difficulty with games such as castlevannia and dark souls, even on the lowest difficulty the A.I. is no push over. there are no gimmicks or tricks to be used agaisnt he A.I. the comabt system is like a catch 22 since the south has superior morale and the union has superior fire power so most ingagements go as the following . 1. the south aproches the union line 2. the fireing goes on for about 30 minutes (in game) and the south retreats under the unions fire power then the union tries to capitilise on the retreat. 3. then the south regains their morale and then charges the union lines marching forward, since the union has inferior morale the union line buckels and retreats to thier original postions. 4. repeat the process.But that does not take away from the games amazing game that it is. so if you are looking for a challenge then this is it if you have a day to spare learning the mechanics."
76561198047993175,Recommended,306660,11326581,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,zocorrules,This game is fantastic! The map is historically accurate and beautiful. This game is by far the best civil war game I have played. The AI seems very intelligent not requiring micromanagment for every movement on the map. I highly recomend that all those strategic gamers out there to buy this game.
76561198035956864,Recommended,306660,14129689,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,pickletaco,"...awesome. Total War-style battles without them naggin' politicians talking you, ""You gots to do this, you gots to do that.""  No!  You knows whats you gots to do...kill them Yankee gubmint men so we can keep ownin' them our darkies!!!  The litral com-moditization of the labor force is onl' the neks log'cal step in the Heavenly sanctioned progression of our free-market capitalist system, by gosh an' golly!"
76561198073306518,Recommended,306660,11515753,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,dibag00,"first let me tell you  i like wargames.. i dont usually play games made by companies i am not farmiliar with ..  i saw this game and being i have a interest in the civil war and i live about a hours drive from gettysburgh i thought i would try it ..this is the best by far civil war battle game i have ever played .. the game map is incredibly accurate, and super detailed right down to the person who owned the farm your troops are fighting on ..i am impressed.. the game is so good i  now compare games made by big companies to this .. the way the troops move , the computer ai ,is veryvery good.  after playing this game a few times i  can truly say more war games need this kind of accuracy..  in alot of wargames  it is almost impossible to change the way things happened .. but in this i was actually able to make picketts charge work and take cemetary hill from the federals.. the games has 2 flaws.. it needs other battles to fight ,and it needs to be multiplayer.. other than that  this is now my new favorite gamebravo! well done"
,Recommended,306660,27781033,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AloeSnackbar,"As a big Civil War buff and strategist, finding a game with either of the two is difficult. Sure you have the Total War games, but it seems to be missing the Civil War element. Whereas you have Darkest of Days, or the History Channel Civil war games, that are always wanting more.UG:G is a perfect game if you're looking for something like Total War, but on a bigger scale. The possibilities are literally endless. The historical factor, down to the unit size is amazing and it makes me so excited to see this on my home screen. Now that UG: Civil War is out, I'm looking forward to writing another positive review. 10/10 Would Crush the Union Again."
76561197991478430,Not Recommended,306660,20596845,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kc130flyer,"I so wanted to like this game.  I supposed I can say that I do like it, even love it, up to a point.  That point occurs when play stops, and the next phase of the battle begins.After the reset and start of the next pahse my troops are generally nowhere near where they were before the reset.  Why on Earth should I continue to play, using my own tactics when the @#$%%@$ game is just going to reset and put my troops where General Lee's troops were at that particular point in the battle?  What is the point of fighting based on General Lee's decisions?  He lost the battle.  I am playing to win, not to follow a set piece of failed tactics and improper use of terrain and concetration of force.Like I said, while the game is playing it is great, but dare to succeed where the ANV failed and the game will remind you that the CSA lost this one, and you are not meant to have an orginal thought in your head.  Instead of wasting time putting inputs in to the game, it should play out like a movie or just have a bunch of prompts to tell you where you can and can't go based on the upcoming reset.I had my HQ inside of Gettyburg and had the Yankees nearly completely enevolped under crushing concetrated artillery.  Then poof, my HQ is back on Herr's Ridge and my artillery is all over the map.If you want to play out Lee's mistakes, it is a great looking game with an outstanding interface.  If you want to try new things and win the battle for the ANV, go back to the dinning room table and play Thunder at the Crossroads or This Hallowed Ground.Bloody waste of time and money."
76561197963588013,Recommended,306660,11253427,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Ushiri Arrowhell coop,"At first it reminded me of the visuals of North & South on the Amiga, but if youjust scratch the surface you really get a very intuitive smart strategy game thatreally handles the big amount of troops in a very good way.+ intuitive way of handling lots of troops+ cute artstyleFormations ?I missed the possibility to change formations, but after playing a while you get to understandthat there is no time for switching formation for each of the unit ( also it wouldnt be realisticif you could choose formations for all your units as a commander in the middle of the battle, soin that sense I really can´t se why there would be formations in this game.- No replay possibility- To little statistics after the battle ( for analysis)- Very boring HUD and the mainmenu + no music, I´m very sure this will be put into the game later on- A bit hard to see if you are on a hill or deep down in an valley.Experienced troops ?Havent read of found out if my units get experience during the battle, butalso it wouldnt be very realistic that units would get very much experienceduring the same battle they are in."
76561198008164494,Recommended,306660,10707498,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SABER*,This is a great game plain and simpleits hard to find a good civil war game and this is becomeing the best one yet
76561198154344973,Recommended,306660,12397009,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Technopiper,"I play all types of wargames - from Gary Grisby's War in the East to Total War: Rome II. This game is the best wargame I've ever played. It's a fine balance between realism, entertainment, and eye-candy - three of them being equally important to me. Its AI is the best I have seen in any game and it doesn't cheat - the computer opponent doesn't have access to resources or information not available to the player. The control interface is intuitive. You draw arrows with a swipe of the mouse, telling your men to march along specific path for specific distance and end up facing specific direction. Simply beautiful. With multiplayer, this game is everything I ask for in a wargame."
76561198007263892,Recommended,306660,10867722,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,thewelshwizard *T*R*Y*,"Bought this game on the back of getting Darthmods for my TW games. I saw it in green light and waited for it to be released, £5.99 early access. I had my fingers burnt with the pre-order of Rome 2 so I was a bit cautious, but I decided at that price I'd take a punt and I'm so glad I did. At about 25 hours in I'm loving it. It's early access not the finished product but I think with Darth behind it, it could grow into something big (CA you've been warned)"
76561197970024915,Recommended,306660,10468695,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,The Apostle,I have been waiting for a game like this for years now and finally someone has made one.  Thank God for Indie Devs.  The graphics are fairly simple but don't let this put you off as the AI is what you need in a strategy title.  This game delivers with a variety of different difficulty settings and a genuine foe that is always throwin a spanner into the works of your overall master plan by attacking your rear with cavalry and out flanking you or rushing exposed guns.  With a fairly simple control system it allows you to scroll ur way around the map and direct units into the required positions.  My pc has crashed a few times but this game is still in dev and to be fair my pc is startin to chug a bit being 5 years old what with all the porn on my harddrive and CIA/ MI5 spybots keeping an eye on me.Give it a blast for a few quid you can't really go wrong.
76561198060233086,Recommended,306660,11767539,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,emilianogiugliano,"So I've been playin this for a while and I have to say it's maybe the only Early Access that keeps me hoping for the category.It's not only a smart, innovative, deep real time strategy game but it was also playable at it's very early stages.Heard lots of people ♥♥♥♥♥ing around abot things that I consider only minor flaws and that are being massively improved as I'm writing this down.So, great game, first of it's genre, incredibly fair price. One of the few Early Access games that won't give you the impression you're victim of a scam. If you are even slightly intrested in rts games you HAVE to get this one.Totally a 10/10"
76561198084723427,Recommended,306660,23174702,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,StarNate,"Great game, very direct, right into battles, AI isn't bad either."
76561198125464348,Recommended,306660,12305867,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Pinochet_DNW1973,The most realistic statagy game ever made and the first in Ultimate General Series
76561198038674094,Recommended,306660,12560733,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Temujin,The only thing truly bad about this game is after you finish the battle of Gettysburg it's going to break your heart that no other battles are included.
76561198048501492,Recommended,306660,11043055,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Tibbs versus Japan,"""Yankees are comin? There ain't a yankee for twenty miles!""THE GOODThe AI is a bloody geniusGreat visualsGood conceptsDARTH VADER MADE ITChallengingImmersiveGreat for casuals and hardcore strategy gamers alikeTHE BADLearning curve like Saturn's ringTHE UGLYRebels who haven't bathed in a week"
76561198014831867,Recommended,306660,12593647,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Muttley,Yes very good indeed. As author notes - some ancestry from Sid Meiers Gettysburg - but thats no bad thing.  Very clever 'campaign' system - allowing variable AI and 'storylines' to create many new outcomes to the battle.  Some tweeks needed -e.g.  too easy to abuse cavalry but otherwise a great game - look forward to many more.
76561197970659435,Recommended,306660,10508117,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Whighty,Worth playing.
76561198082116125,Recommended,306660,10442336,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,[14thVM]Exzotics™,"i am a massive fan of this time period, and this game fits the bill. yeah its not like napoleon total war but it is still AWESOME. just buy it!!!"
76561197963182709,Recommended,306660,12615120,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,TheGimp,"Always been a fan of the Civil War era and there's not a lot of contendors in the genre these days. So it's nice to be able to dive into a fairly decent Civil War game again and bring the Rebs another win over the Union.Pro's:- Solid infantry battles and line movement, important to keep your troops connected, you really feel the heat if youdon't keep your army in formation or a section of your line breaks- Solid sound effects help bring home the ambiance of the battlefield without overdoing it and the graphics are just right- Smooth game-pace which is fluid and engaging throughout the battle, you will be paying attention and having to make efforts to either take the offense or ""hold the line"", you control how much territory you want to hold or defend, or advance on- Variety of AI settings (although I have not tried them all) which help you create the kind of game dynamic you're looking for on the battlefield (some people like a defensive AI where others prefer to attack)...I believe there are 9 different options to choose fromCon's:- Finding the range, elevation and line-of-sight of your troops can be frustrating, once you figure it out it's not as bad and although there is a tool to help you, it still feels quite non-user-friendly, so you will spend time fussing with this- Infantry units seem to break at odd times and have a strange pathing when they do, it's a bit unpredictable how they'll react at times, it should be easier to take a quick glance at moral without having to look at each unit or making them hold- It's not a full-game in the sense of a large drawn out campaign, but for the money it's well-done and the system works well with the style..after all it's called Gettysburg, it's not just the name of the game but honestly you may not even notice as it feels like a series of different battles based on your performanceIt's not a AAA title, but if you enjoy Civil War strategy games, I doubt you'll be disappointed. There's not a lot of bells and whistles here, with options and imaginative or breath-taking graphics, but it's what you expect from a Civil War game and it's a good buy if you're just looking to spend a few hours or more on the Civil War battlefield."
76561198013868390,Recommended,306660,12518044,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,SweatyPenguin,"Pros:Challenging single player-realistic feeling-AI-well thought through game mechanics-Absolutely fantastic multiplayerCons:Can be quite overwhelming at first-Unit formations flip out around steep hills and it looks ugly, despite having little effect on gameplay-not enough people to shrek in multiplayer (although it WAS 3:00am on game launch day I guess)I've been a fan of Darth and his mods for some years, so buying his game was a given. And I don't regret a single cent, everything I ever wanted from a large scale strategic game. Whether you favour sneaky flanks or straightforward charge under the generals whip, this game let's you do it all, no forced meta, just a battle of witts. In the multiplayer it's your battlefield entirely and you can engage in one of the most fun strategic experiences I've had up to date."
,Recommended,306660,16745525,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Dessert Fox,Never remove the confederate flag.
,Recommended,306660,12568435,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Forger,This is the most accessible and fun battle simulator I've ever played with.  I'm so glad that the brilliant mind behind the Darthmod series of mods for Total War games is turning his skills to making his own games.  Bravo!
76561197983788622,Recommended,306660,10438917,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Lord Trollingham,"This game is absolutely brilliant.First and foremost, the AI is probably the best I've ever seen in this kind of game and the AI is what makes this game absolutely unique. The art-style is nice, the terrain map looks good and is very easy to read. Controls are very intuitive and the battles are an absolute blast. Especially considering that this game is still in alpha, I can't praise this enough. Great job to the developers!"
76561197976932966,Not Recommended,306660,26193172,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,",.","Game is hard, but only because your units usually fail to respond to your commands."
76561198019387413,Not Recommended,306660,15604401,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Rzt99,"I don t like playing against time. Suddenly the battle is interrupted. Cavalry acts weird , or i don t understand how."
76561198007120435,Not Recommended,306660,14389534,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,tuffstuffmcgruff,"This game sucks. No variation, inexplicable mechanics. I do like the terrain detail from a historical perspective but honestly, this game has nothing else to offer.Avoid and save your money."
76561197986046264,Not Recommended,306660,13821233,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,altimatepirate,The game can best be described as a more detailed total war battle surrounding the battle of Gettysburg.The game ideas and concepts seem pretty interesting but some of the execution seems off. I've only played the game a couple hours so far but I've seen strange behavior such as 2 bridgades kind of being in a mess between each other but not in melee (soldier numbers not going down). Artillery is kind of fickle in terms of being in a position to fire and LOS doesn't always seem to be respected. I placed a brigade on the downside of a hill to 'ambush' an enemy coming over the crest but instead they just shot at each other through the top of the hill. Cavalry charges to the rear of enagged enemy units seem to have almost no effect.I think the game has a lot of great ideas and the setting is extremely interesting but I think I'll come back after some of these bugs get sorted out.
76561198018403127,Not Recommended,306660,28289841,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,dartimos,"After having Sid Meier's Gettysberg in order to gain inspiration from, this game has shown how to take a step back in gaming.  The controls are clunky, the action is incomprehensible and the mechanics are downright bad.  Charging units will stand on top of each other for thirty minutes taking a loss or two.  I had a unit of 800 stand on top of a 50 man artillery unit swapping coffee for tobacco or something.Units will randomly move in random directions.  Sharpshooters positioned behind units on high, protected ground would move between two brigades on open ground while I moved my camera.Units which were, historically, elite (3rd Corps - Confederates) ran from a charge from a, historically, unreliable unit (11th Corps - Union) while fresh, on high ground, against even odds, standing still and with the corps commander sharing a drink with them.This is to say nothing of the company's ""multiplayer"" promise.  I bought the game for a friend when it released hoping to be able to play a grand campaign splitting corps between the two of us.  However, the devs decided to cancel plans on that to move onto a new game.To say I'm disappointed is an understatement.  I wish they'd offer a fifteen year old game as it was vastly superior to this trash that the developer abandoned to make, disgustingly enough, another Civil War game."
76561198005298089,Recommended,306660,13755359,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Citadel(10th),I divorced my wife and murdered everyone close to me so I can have more time to play this game
,Not Recommended,306660,33645682,Posted: 18 July,all,Llama,"Yeahhh game had a lot of potential but this is why I usually don't buy mediocre/unfinished games. The dev ran off and made the full version and is now selling it to people for the same price.""Developer used this game to fund what I consider to be the full complete version Ultimate General: Civial War. Nice to know I could help you by purchasing this simple version."" +1"
,Recommended,306660,16835291,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,AdolfMcSexy,Wonderful game that is easy to immerse yourself in. It has intelligent AI who are a real challenge at all times and the game has a great aesthetic overall. I would reccomend this game to anyone interested in the American Civil War or strategy games. Definitelyworth $15 and if it is one sale it is an amazing deal.
76561198042558545,Recommended,306660,13894794,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,[OKW] Oberst Koeller,"For us gamers that have played SM: Gettysburg, this game is a refreshing take on the battle we spent so many hours on in the past. While you do not have as much control as you did in SM: Gettysburg, the controls are a lot easier. Instead of having to move every regiment individually, you now control brigades. You can select a certain part of the battle to play through or play through the entire Battle of Gettysburg day by day.  Here are the pros and cons I think of when I play this game as a SM: Gettysburg veteran (even though I know this isn't SM)Pros-Easy controls make moving units simple-Game does not throw too much information at the player-Being able to choose how you want to advance in the battle (Defend Cemetary Hill, or try and counterattack the Confederates and such)-Historical Units-Cool graphics and animations, line of sight is generally easy to see-Topographical map-Units keep their strength after a battle(If the Iron Brigade losses 800 men defending oak hill well...it'll be a lot weaker in the next battle)-Lots of diffrent types of AI difficulties(More aggressive/More tactical)Negatives-Control brigades instead of regiments-No flanking bonus(I might be wrong)-Units rout or panic a little too easy sometimes-No option to toggle between skirmish and line formation-No option to limber/unlimber artilleryOverall, I give this game a 8,8/10, I really enjoy this game and I think that you will too!"
,Recommended,306660,14463099,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Napoleon IV,"Best strategy game I played, these battles combined with the victoria II campaign would make the best game ever. 12/10"
76561198105749118,Recommended,306660,15720216,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,The Stonewall Brigade,"I have to say that I very much enjoy this game. Civil War games like this are hard enough to come by, let alone one that is relatively well done. The learning curve to this isn't too bad at all, and if you have a basic idea of how the war was waged, then you have a decent grasp on the gameplay. The biggest thing I found a little challenging to learn is the morale mechanic.In terms of the campaign, I'd (forcing myself to say this bit) have to recommend starting with the Union campaign, due to the number advantages. Until you are more comfortable with dealing with being outnumbered.Once you've got a good grip on that, buckle down, bayonet up, give the yell and charge like furies into the yankees and end the war for old Virginia.10/10 would rout the Iron Brigade to capture Seminary Ridge again."
76561198101048113,Recommended,306660,16134238,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,scruffywunder,"This is one of the best strategy games I have played in a long time.  The way it handles difficulty is a new and refreshing idea.  This leads to completely different battles every time you play.  The only down side and there aren't many, is the scale could be different.  I think using brigades was a bit large.  I'd enjoy regimental level for the scale.I'd reccommend this to anyone who is a fan of the civil war, or strategy gaming in general."
,Recommended,306660,15687450,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,^9UK ' ^3Y^9our Mum,"Well... this game really presses all the right buttons.Intuitive interface, interesting visuals, challenging strategy... and an AI that will challenge, frustrate and sometimes destroy you.I'd give it 8 out of 10.My only small gripe is that the game doesn't fully recognise your successes/losses in previous missions. In one mission I managed to turn the entire confederate army around and recaptured a ridge the game expected me to lose. In the next mission, the ridge had inexplicably been given back to the confederates as if I'd never captured it. Still just a minor issue as the rest of the game really does SHINE!"
76561197983655898,Recommended,306660,10648846,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gefr.Starke,"The Game is in its Early Stages but is certainly fun. It is comparable to a very old game, Sid Mier's Gettysburg only updated and more fluid. I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys Civil War era games or this kind of Strategy Games. The AI so far is rather outstanding as well! Given that it is a single player game at the moment, opens it up for near unlimited repeat play."
76561198005889453,Recommended,306660,15505372,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Randoe,"Even for $15, I currently have buyers remorse. Though the controls are easy. The 2 demensional map is fairly dynamic with available cover and topography bonuses/disadvantages. You are at the mercy of the moral of the troops, which adds a great deal to the accuracy of warfare. The graphics and sounds are fun. Once everyone starts shooting at eachother it is pretty fun to watch. But I havent had one satisfying ending to any battles...I'm on the fence whether or not to recommend it because of one thing. The battles are designed to take forever but it gives you a short time limit. I'm talking 15 minutes tops for a lot of battles. By the time each battle starts getting interesting the time ends, and I lose because I have fewer troops than the enemy, which is how the battle started anyway. The rate that casualties are inflicted is not accounted for in the time allowed. It is driving me crazy! Let me kill my enemy!I have not found a way to get rid of the time limit. If the developers could change this I would recommend it for the price asked. $15 isnt bad though"
76561197970499534,Recommended,306660,16823442,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,AwfulRob,"The perfect blend of simple yet deep.  I wasn't sure how much replayability could be had from a game representing a single battle but the developers have done a brilliant job of proving me wrong.  For anybody with a passing interest in strategy games, the US civil war or the musket age in general this is a must buy"
76561197978796937,Recommended,306660,12569487,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Swarm,"I've been following this game since the developers announced it, and all through the Early Access. I won't get into the details of the graphics and such, which so many other reviews do so well, but I will say that if you are looking for a US Civil War game this is the one to get. I cannot wait to see what the developers do next, and add to this game, as it has so many possibilities for future time frames and aspects of the US Civil War. A single game covering the entire war would be amazing.Also note that through the entire Early Access period this game received many improvements to both the base game and the AI. It was very nice to see a game do Early Access right, and respond to the users suggestions. The games full release to steam with no extra BS, just a good working game, is to be applauded."
,Recommended,306660,16801382,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,gregatron5000,"This is an excellent game! I'm glad to see that it hasn't been pulled due to recent news...but the game itself is fantastic. I haven't gotten into the multiplayer aspects yet, but the singleplayer has a TON of replay value. Definitely recommend it."
76561197970280194,Recommended,306660,16367888,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mr. Gilbert,"The Sid Meier's Gettysburg of the 21st century.Buy it, try it, love it!"
76561197970843102,Recommended,306660,16397384,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Roez,"First, as a someone who enjoys learning about the Civil War, this game quite literally takes you through the Battle at Gettysburg with unit names and strengths closely matching those actually deployed.  When the troops arrive, including times of day, where and the subsequent battle locations also follow the real battle over its three day course.  All set over geographically accurate terrain.Second, the game allows for you to influence the battle through each engagement by securing objectives, while still adhering to basic advantages and disadvantages each army held, including as mentioned the initial troop strengths and the arrival of reinforcements.  What your actions accomplish the first day carry over into the second, and so on.Last, the game play is ponderously slow, RTS, which I found fantastic.  The pace gives time to appreciate the battle, look over the progress and make adjustments accordingly, without having to practice improving hand-eye coordination, key memorization, and so on.  There are a lot of little nuances you can learn over time, and several game play options from either the North or South's perspectives, all of which allow you too improve as a General, take on more difficult AI opponents and add replayability.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,306660,16403924,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Figo,All like in the old game of Sid Mayer but in the modern kind! Very good!
76561197964816254,Recommended,306660,18169619,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Joelbotz,"Pros:-Very simple controls-Easy to understand especially if your are familar with ACW combat-Doesn't require any real knowledge of the actual event (though it does help)-Very Competent AICons:-The map is 2D which makes it hard to figure out exact line of sight or height advantages-It's only Gettysburg but then again it's only $15So the guy who made the Darth mods for Total War made his own game and I decided to check it out being a fan of his work (espeically his AI tweaks).  I have to admit I wasn't expecting too much here but I got a very addicting light war game that has the best AI I've seen for this type of warfare.  Alot of this has to do with unit changes from say Total War (like units being able to shoot while moving but suffering reload penalties) and AI for individucal units (they choose more or less whether the march in collumns of 4 or line for instance).  The graphics and sound get the job done but you can check a video to judge that, where this game stands out is how right everything feels, from volleys to morale you get a sense of being in command of a large force during the time.  Hope to see more from the series in the future but this is great start."
,Recommended,306660,13898145,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Nurgleprobe,"This is a tiny strategy game, and when I say tiny I mean the overall content of the game. There is a short campaign that takes you through the battle at Gettysburg and you may do so by either playing the Union or Federate side, changing history while you're at it.But the game is NOT tiny when it comes to the amount of fun you can have with it. You can switch up the AI's playstyle and difficulty for every playthrough and you also change your own way of trying to beat it. If you're a RTS player that enjoy the fighting part of the Total War games you will probably enjoy this game as well. It does not have THAT much of depth yet, there are not a ton of different manouvers you can do for each unit but the overall gameplay feels amazing.Drawing lines over the battlefield to move your units feels and works great. It takes a second to get used to, but as soon as you get the controls in to your head you're gonna focus on putting your units in the best strategic positions and doing brave charges in to the enemy lines.There are however some issues if you play on a lower difficulty, you can actually be to agressive and push the AI army in to a corner of the map making them unable to move. But then again... there is also a multiplayer mode!Great game overall. Recommended!/ Nurgleprobe"
76561198088626704,Recommended,306660,10949921,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bostonwicked,Being some what of a ACW afficando this game is a good one still being improved and hopefully they do the mutli player soon it's wasy to learn but hard to master overall a very enjoyable game about the bloodiest weekend on the ACW.
76561198071016917,Recommended,306660,16312094,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,TheVeryBritishBrigadier,"Where to begin?This game is one of the best 'raw' strategy games that I have played. Every move you make is important so it forces you to actually think about what you're doing and the consequences. The visuals are basic but pleasing and the sounds are decent , that said, the meat of this game is really the battles. The icing on the cake for this game is the AI, it seems that for too long that we strategy gamers have settled for less than adequate AI for too long and it is in this regard that 'Ultimate General: Gettysburg' sets the bar for future 'armchair general' titles."
76561198010722512,Recommended,306660,32785121,Posted: 25 June,all,rku,Just played it for around an hour. Now it won´t start again as the only feedback from the game is a constant crash report!So what now? For the moment I wouldn´t recomand it but if the bugs will be solved ...Now than! Bug solved!Now really a great game.As Confederation it is very hard to even win a minor victory but isn´t this reality?
76561198069747521,Recommended,306660,30270150,Posted: 1 March,all,KingKell,I think I've played the first battle 20 times and have only won 4 or 5 of them and trust me I watch a lot of youtube video's as well and read guides. The AI reacts differently everytime which is a huge selling point to this game. I highly reccomend this game if you love strategy games.
76561197985226443,Recommended,306660,14642235,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Monster_Zero,"I bought the game for the most part to support Darth because he made a mod that turned the travesty of Empire Total War into a game that has capitvated me for hundreds of hours and  never charged a dime. When I saw that Darth was making a game it was an automatic buy and my way of thanking him.The game itself is a lot of fun and the hand drawn maps are very well done. Very easy controls and the AI is pretty competent. Troop movements are as easy as clicking and dragging your mouse. Where the game really shines is in the immersion. The cannons firing the bugles calling attack and retreat orders, the rifles and musket fire with the war cries of soldiers as they assault some nameless point on a map really draws you in."
76561198007313536,Recommended,306660,14656542,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Gamr2000,"*** update 09.16.2016***If you played with army men, and still do, this is such a gr8 game.I have played it much in 300 hrs. The LOS is a little wonky AT TIMES but overall it is amazing for a PC game.I love sending all my trrops in a flanking bash, or to plant my cannons n beg em to come get some. IMHO the replayability is massive.If you like hisorical wargaming, I can not recommend this game enough.My only complaint is that i want more civil war battles to play!PLZ = so g00d!It is not turn based, but you can pause the game and issue any orders, etc.It is like a box full of army men and a glorious battlefield.When I'm not playin my 10 hrs a day of HS I am playing this.10/10this is a sweeeet historical wargame.i have been using it like a box of army men with a very competent AI.flank north...flank south...defend... so many strategies to try.historically accurate. so fresh!the interface is very easy to learn, but the gameplay is nuanced. i am just scratching the surface, but i learn something new with each play-through.a full ""campaign"" can consist of multiple phases over multiple days. the carnage and positioning carry through from phases/days and i have found many different scenarios branching as the days develop.the AI is solid. i choose ""random"" and get at em.my only knocks are i wish i could zoom in closer, and i wish the camera would rotate.it would also be nice to have a time control with 1/2x; 1x; 2x; 4x.sometimes things move too slow n sometimes too fast which ends up with down time and a lot of pausing during fights.i have learned about the historical battle from this game which has been quite enjoyable. I have done additional research to help me understand the terrain, men that fought there, etc. This was very interesting AND has helped my tactical understanding of the battle.i can't wait to get their next one!OH YEAH, you can play the game with just a mouse, no keyboard = the way i like to game in the mornings = leaned back, feet on desk, coffee in one hand, mouse in the other, playin general on the big screen.10/10if you like armchair generaling, this is for you."
76561198129840271,Recommended,306660,14719576,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Gwydion,"In june of 1863, after two years of bloody conflict, The Army Of Northern Virginia, Robert E. Lee commanding, slips across the Patomac to begin the invasion of the north. It is an army of 70,000 men. He moves slowly, using the Blue Ridge to screen his movements. General Lee knows that a letter has been prepared by the southern government, a letter which offers peace.And from there its up to you to either stop the rebellious confederates from realizing their grab for independance as the union, or do something the confederates failed to do: Take Gettysburg and destroy The Army Of The Patomac.If you enjoy the total war series, or like real time strategy games, this one is for you."
76561198085735233,Recommended,306660,14656521,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,nerhood.jeffrey,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg faithfully recreates the chaos, confusion and fluidity of the Civil War battle field. With its cutting edge AI players can recreate the opportunistic nature of Henry Heth, the assertive and confident Robert E. Lee or the daring of Pickett's charge.Far beyond the old I go; You go turn based games we all know - and love - the Commander must watch EVERYTHING in EVERY sector and plan their strategies accordingly.Morale and Leadership are key to units either breaking under fire or successfully completing charges. Command structure is faithfully recreated with the need for Coprs Commanders to be in proximity of thier subordinate units. use of terrain, for lines of sight and lines of fire and for concealing units to gain a tactical advantage over the enemy are crucial. The only thing missing is the aroma of spent gunpowder - and you'll swear you smeel that too!"
,Recommended,306660,12267157,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,klesh,"This is an indie game made by the fellow who made the DarthMod series for TotalWar.  While I didn't use his mods, he did display a certain knowledge of things, and after a few videos I decided to buy this.  Its a very fun game.  Cool graphics style,  Variations on AI playstyle settings keep replayability going.  Good stuff so far, can't wait to see what else they put out and what thi is like when its completed.  Its also for the serious Gettyburg fan, with all your favorite Generals and such."
,Recommended,306660,16729582,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,RTK{S}Jizmak,Worth every freaking penny.  Reminds me of Sid Meir's Gettsburg with everything that it wasn't but should have been.Beautifully done.
76561198008366417,Recommended,306660,13932243,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,obowo78,"Overall, not a bad game. Darth made some really good mods. I like how you set the map up and the movement system. The paths are really good. I like how you have the unit commanders names and unit size easily visible. I like the troops fire and loading as they would, I'm not entirely happy with some aspects though. The troops are constantly shifting or moving and not doing what I tell them. Artillery seems to be ineffective IMO.I look forward to you getting some more funding and seeing what you come up with next."
76561198066268034,Recommended,306660,12211819,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Calvinic,"Have a chance to command Union or Confederate forces in one of the bloodiest battles in the civil war. The battle of Gettysburg. And man oh man does this game do it perfectly!In Ultimate General: Gettysburg you play as a general in the Union or Confederate army with the task of capturing or defending the town of Gettysburg. You will have access to thousands of soldiers to lead to glory. All of which truly have a purpose on the battlefeild. Cannons, calviery, riflemen just to name a few that you'll use.  There won't be an instance you're going to push a unit off to the side and not use them. Which is what I love in a good strategy game.Apart from this,  there are other pluses about the game that give it an A+ in my book. The maps are both historically faithful and well crafted. They're bright, colorful, and have a unique artstyle to them. The AI is extremely smart and has variety to be selected for various degrees of challenge. I'm not talking about the standard Hard, medium, easy set. I'm talking about the AI having several different personalites that will play completely differently each time. So players looking for a reason to replay can look forward in that regard.On top of this, the battles are fairly lengthy and can get intense pretty quickly. All Ranging from small firefights to massive waves of enemy soldiers charging on your position. Plus you can even pick what strategy to take that will effect the battle flow, another reason for replaying.I highly recommend this game for any strategy gamer, you get a lot for ten bucks here. None of this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bug filled crap thats the same price."
76561198005449865,Recommended,306660,15729497,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,RancidSka,"I like this game, with its style of game play and historical features I have enjoyed several hours playing it and would be excited to see this game expand into other battles as well as other historic times."
76561198008042535,Recommended,306660,15749972,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,callmeflipper,"That is an excellent game, but suprisingly too short."
76561197984366944,Recommended,306660,15755122,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,gitom7,"For price, good Gettysburg RTS game. Top down, not graphically or visually astonishing. Very specific and targeted since it's always about Gettysburg. Any civil war fan that likes RTS can't go wrong with this one. For thos not as big with Civil War, will actually teach you something about the battle. Much replayability based on AI choices. Hopefully this shop will continue to expand with other titles and options. 8.5/10."
76561198007814992,Recommended,306660,15733076,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ronnieleon65,"I loved this game...but there are some pros and cons...Pro - very VERY good gameplay, replayability and works well with my GPX and system. So much better than the tired Total War franchise, where all the TW games look, sound and ARE the same. This game has great graphics and really REALLY good adjustable AI.Cons - biased toward multiplayer and though I know this focusses on Gettysberg, but there are very few singlepayer games compared to other games of this genre.  Its literally one battle in what was a five year war  - once you have played it, you only have the option of playing the Confederate side..or going onto MUltiplayer..and as we know, MP is great whne a game is new...try going there a year later...the servers are generally empty.  Also, zoom in was limited, unlike Total War where you can see the game from the soldiers point of view.I'd have loved to have seen this expanded to cover the entire Civil War, with some strategy added and I'm hoping that the Gamde developers will look at this engine and format and use it for lots of otehr historical wars and battles.8/10 from me."
76561197993679657,Recommended,306660,15752706,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Strangely Brown Kman,This is such a great and novel game. Really in depth action and replayability
,Recommended,306660,15757367,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,IIronGiant,Very fun game ! Love it
76561197970525328,Recommended,306660,13920512,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,DragonKP,"Very fun game! The table-top style map is great, and the sounds and animations are really enjoyable. The unit controls are very simple. The dynamic campaign is quite fun, especially how the battle evolves between each skirmish. Line of sight and elevation play a huge role (especially for your cannons), so be sure to take the time to figure out the best way for you to get a handle on that. I highly suggest maxing out the LOS fade in the options.The only big improvement I would like is a way to extend the fights beyond the timer.Definately worth a buy!"
,Recommended,306660,16766889,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,genghis1964,a fun strategic game where you can control the forces of either Union or Confederates. Great for those who love a bit of strategy coupled with an interesting historical period
76561197970678049,Recommended,306660,16769169,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,AshTheKing,"Very enjoyable real time wargame.  It's difficult to quantify, but the ""feel"" reminds me of great table top miniature games.  Which, personally, is a good thing. And it really gives you the impression of being in command of a large, multi-core army, with tens of thousands of troops.PROsSolid presentation and ""look and feel"" including subtle yet immersive sound effects.Right level of player input for this size of battle.  It's up to you to distribute your forces and decide when to attack, hold and withdraw, but the detail is up to your units.  This makes fighting even huge engagements with tens of thousands of soldiers per side manageable and fun.  Unlike when playing large TW battles, it doesn’t feel hectic or like you need to be pausing every 5 seconds.Great intro to the Civil War. I was never particularly interested in this period, but the game inspired me to research Gettysburg, Civil War tactics, etc.Multi-scenario, dynamic campaign makes the battle feel alive, while maintaining a sense of what’s going on and why on the larger scale.CONsHigh level of abstraction may be a negative for players looking for details.High level of abstraction means that there’s not much to “do” in the game, other than move forces around.  There are no formations, special orders or other timing based commands.  Even artillery is typically better off just left on Auto (from my experiments)UI is very Spartan, which means it’s easy to miss certain details, like accidentally leaving your Brigades on “Run”, or not noticing that a unit is fighting with 0 condition.One battle only.  It’s large, multiday and has lots of scenarios, but it’s still just one battle. I’m not sure how many times I’ll feel like replaying it.Overall, it’s a fine choice for anyone looking to play some great historicals."
,Not Recommended,306660,20158422,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SgtSchmidt11,"Unit sees Artillery in the open, recieving no fire.Double Click for Charge.Runs to within 5 feet.Unit Auto-Stops.Runs Away.WTH?"
76561198006937271,Recommended,306660,16754870,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,dowman239,"I bought this out of nostlgia for the good ol fraxis classic sid meiers civil war. I will sum up my review (i wont go into too much depth on specific units, locations etc as my civil war jargons a bit rusty) in the one battle i played last night and it lasted simply one hour. Being the cockyish rts gamer experienced in many hardcore strategy games i picked a custom battle, chose devils den as the location and put the ai on the hardest most aggressive difficulty with the ai boost (whichever one was in the bottom right for difficulty selection).On the first match which lasted all but 15 minutes the csa made me believe that i had won our first engagement, it was a tough 5min firefight and i was still learning the controls but the csa soon retreated. Feeling overconfident in my perceived strategic prowess i sent all my forces in to not only route but ahnillate the csa forces. To my horror i not only had sent my men into the main artillery brigade of the csa forces but was soon enveloped in what i would say was a near perfectambushing maneuveur that surrounded and then routed my forces. Mouth agape, and pride wounded, i went for round two. This time i used every trick i had.I formed a tight defensive perimeter focusing on holdingwhatever high ground or structured positions and keeping my flanks secured to the point where i was nestled in the upper right hand corner of the map. I slowly advanced with sharpshooters acting as scouts and marking where batteries and battalions etc were. as the first forces of the csa began to engage (quite effectively) with both musket and artillery, whilst my artillery was out of range, I quickly ended the skirmish and fell back to the upper left corner. As the confederates advanced toward the treeline and farm (again i dont remember the exact names) down from there position of the high ground they soon came under range of my artillery. The main bulk of the confederate forces began to sweep down to my right flank and using scattered forces harrassed my main line and left flank. Their artillery effectively pushed my main force back as far as i could allow. all the while I was cycling fresh troops in with those who had been fighting and taking heavy losses. The fight was at a dead heap with losses pilling on both sides.The csa forces then recieved reinforcements and proceded to attack my left flank which was already slim as I had moved almost half of them to fortify the rigth flank. I sent two artillery batteries within close rang of these attacking forces and with the excelsior and iron brigades as the last defense for the left flank. The csa forces soon went in for an all out charge on the left flank whilst the right flank was still in a dead heap and the main line exchanging light musket fire, with the majority being harrassing from various artillery on both sides. Just in time the V corp (i believe) came in to reinforce the left flank which was now routed. My main line at this point was in danger of being flanked from behind, simultaneously the csa forces engaging my main line went in for an all out charge in an attempt to route my entire III, and II Corp (again i dont know which was which at this point). In a last ditch effort to buy time I put my previous danger close batteries set to canister shot to fire relentlessly at the charging confederates, the csa only mistake at this point was rerouting its troops that were still in a pitched fight with my right flank to join the main attack.I quickly but at great risk moved my fresh V corp to the right flank (i did have a plan). At this point my left flank was broken my main line was all but enveloped. If it were not for those two batteries that were preventing the confederates from maneuvering completely around im certain 75% of my forces woudve been wiped out or routed. Im hectically recycling routed troops with semi routed ones, units that had 1800 men were down to 600, the iron brigade had all but 200 men left. As i said earlier the csa main mistake was all but abandoning the right flank, with my fresh V corp and semi-battered reminince of the I believe IV corp I swept up in almost a semi circle taking heavy fire from csa batteries and routing the small remaining csa forces guarding the right flank. The bulk of my now IV and V corp swept up and I saw my chance. A chance which im sure the ai saw as well. My IV and V corp formerly the right flank swept up and semi enveloped the now mob consisting of my shattered left flank and near routed main line and the bulk of csa forces who it seems as the victory bar (bar in the upper right corner) were about 75% to my 25%.However since they maneuvered their right flank to try and brank my left flank, and theire main force was in hand to hand with mine, the only defense their rear had was a couple of batteries (not to be taken lightly) but not within range of canister shot. The ai attempted to secure its now completely open rear but its attempt at routing my left flank earlier in the battle had left their forces too battered and simply too far to defend itself in time. As i began to envelope them one by one they began to route, csa batllte flags began to flash white (except for the texas brigade they didnt give a sh!t that they were completely surrounded) and just as it had begun it was over. I was absolutely ecstatic at seeing that I had procured a hard fought major victory for the union I hadn't felt tht accomplished with a game in years. I lost roughly 10,000 men to their 9,000 losses, though i was outnumbered, in the end though I was not outmaneuvered. I had my ego realigned and reminded myself the reason I had so much confidence in my abilities was simply because of hard fought and as my first game showed me hard lost battles like these. So to end this long story I learned three things.One this is not sid meiers civil war, it is something, different, it is more chaotic, and like chess you win or lose in the first moves of the match.Two the Texas brigade has to be wiped out, dont think you can route them, dont waste your time trying to, trust me.Third if youve stuck around long enough to read this whole thing and if any of this sounds appealing, BUY IT. I know ive only played this game for an hour but ive played enough of these and i consider rts, and simulations to be my bread and butter for gaming and i can tell right away that it is worth the fifteen bucks.Thank you Game-Labs I look forward to your future projects,5 out of 5"
,Recommended,306660,16754158,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,TenchFries,If i could hit the recommend button more i would. PERFECTION! A TRUE JEWEL! BUY THIS GAME! I seriously can not tell you enough! it is BEAUTIFUL!
,Recommended,306660,15945867,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Hootmon_Y_Knot,"SUMMARYExcellent strategy game.  Definitely worth purchasing.  Very challenging and realistic within each 6 hour time period, but Southern forces are moved back from taken objectives after each 6 hour time period change.  If you can live with that frustration, it is a great game.PROSVery accessible, intuitive controls, adequate graphics, realistic movement, tactics, morale, cover and elevation advantages.AI is fully adjustable from very cautious to risk taking.The individual time period slices are great fun to replay to try different moves etc.I saw no glaring bugs or performance issues, it ran very smoothly and glitch free.It is fun to play as the South and try for a different from history outcome.CONSThere is one glaring problem.  Southern units are moved back from taken objectives every time the 6 hour time portion changes.The 3 day battle is chopped up into 6 hour portions.  During each portion you have complete freedom to implement your tactics and try various what if approaches to how the South Attacked.  This yields a great deal of re-playability.The problem is that when the game changes to the next 6 hour period, it completely repositions the South's forces far back from the objectives they previously had achieved.  Hundreds of yards, not just a few feet.  Example:  By 6pm the first day my rebels were able to capture Culps hill.  When the time period runs out and jumps to the next one,  Souther forces are moved north about a mile and the Union again is in control of Culps Hill.The only thing that remains constant between time slices is each sides casualties and troop count.  Heavy losses are carried over to the next time slice.In a nutshell the South can kill more Northern units than historical, but it is very difficult to take objectives since the time slices forfeits them over and over."
,Recommended,306660,16033459,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,zeoblow,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg is the best Civil War Strategy game I've ever played. It's simple yet focused and does everything it sets out to do. Who needs to zoom in and watch individual units fighting close combat when commanding? It's an unnecessary distraction if you ask me. The reason I love this game is large scale strategy, map control, and how my performance in one battle has an effect on the next. Ultimate General: Gettysburg immersed me as much, if not more, than any total war game. What it lacks in graphics it makes up for in A.I."
76561197991155095,Recommended,306660,24195205,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Roughtor,"Great little game. You have to watch the tutorial to get the interface quirks, but once you do, you're set to go.  The battles are fun and dynamic.  Multiple options to set the AI, which is quite challenging.  A little gem, worthwhile for a wargamer and casual player alike.  Hope they make another one.  Gotta run fight another battle."
76561198012234150,Recommended,306660,24258403,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Anthreas,"As a person who has not been a fan of the line and fire warfare of the time period I must say that I really have fun playing this game.One might think that to get a good experiance of this kind of fighting would be to pick up one of the total war series games, however I felt that the combat was more dynamic and that battels played out more realisticaly.Battels are also interesting in that you may need to fight a seris of battels some of wich can be devistatigng losses and still push though with the same units and reinforcements on the way and ultimataly claim victory over the campain.The controls take time to get used to however and there are things I wish they did to make them easier or more fluid. A positive on the controls though is the freeform path movement orders you can issue. These allow for some beautiful manuvers that are made relatively effortless.All in all I think if possible give this game a try it hits a spot other games don't and historical games also make us aware of  the nature of the world and people we dont always realise or appreciate."
76561198207938769,Recommended,306660,24282345,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,pear4son,This was a good game for someone who had been out of games for a long time.  Easy to maneuver and understand the workings of the game.I liked the graphics as well.
76561197972782033,Recommended,306660,24378734,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Mr. Fuffcans,"the game has a very steep learning curve that requires a lot of micro management and getting used to the game's controls which were very hard for me to get the hang of initially being used to Total War Napoleon's method so anyone jumping into this from that game be prepared to face some catastrophic losses as your ""maneuvers"" turn into massed blobs that are shredded by prepared guns.The game also makes no compromises in wanting you to conform to its mechanics istead of customising the experience to your wants. this has led me to a great deal of frustration, as i can't choose the composition of my army, reinforcements arrive at set times, battles end adruptly at times (when i was winning them!) with no option to continue, cannons won't fire when ordered to, units fail to follow orders sometimes, and the reasons for these circumstances are vague or completely opaque. Thankfully the community is there with detailed guides and explainations and is a must if a player wants to get a grasp on this games various quirks (although some of the guides out there have a slightly patronising tone).i'm very tempted to rate it no as frustration has so far outweighed the fun that i've had, but those moments of fun when i was able to play the game exactly the way it should be played have so far kept me interested.bottom line is i can't see this or any other game with similar mechanics being more than a niche title for strategy die hards, however if you buy it on sale (like i did) and can invest the time the rewards are certainly worth it."
76561198060744963,Recommended,306660,13647908,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,stephen.berrill,"A very good strategy game, well worth getting"
,Recommended,306660,13736714,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ThorSerpent,"A rather short, but very intense wargame. Recommended to all fans of this genre and those who prefers more distilized version of Total War (simple graphics, no unit micro-management, fair vision/fog of war system, unpredictable AI)Already very excited about next game from this developer!"
,Recommended,306660,13745511,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,JinroH,"Simple controls, But still fun."
76561198035298523,Recommended,306660,13753187,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Total | Recon,"Only played two and a half hours so far, but already loving it! The controls are easy to get used to, and the gameplay is amazing. The AI work how they should: outmanouvering and such. I recommend this game to anyone who loves tactical strategy games. You won't be disappointed!I just wish they could make a game like this with the Total War graphics and engines... would be a blast!"
76561198029301589,Recommended,306660,13760540,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kazza,8.4 best new strategy game
,Recommended,306660,14265446,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Anthony,Best Rts i played in a long time. The AI is realy good with diverse command styles. I give it a personal [ 8.9 of 10 ] or just 9 ]
76561198011588270,Recommended,306660,14346633,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Dragonwolfufk,"This game has a degree of awesome to it. The graphics are decent, so is the sound, the music however is on a loop and distracts from the sound of the battle raging on your screen. And I do recommend headphones so you get the full effect of the sound. The game controls are simple and easy, to learn and remember.But thats just part of the draw of this RTS. Getting to cripple the Army of the Potomic and march on to D.C. Or Crushing Lee, and shorting the war by months is a re-write of history that any war gamer can not resist.No two battles ever end the same."
,Recommended,306660,13771928,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Entmoot,Shoot at those damned others!
76561198038592281,Recommended,306660,13774794,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Blu Waffles,This game is good. If they just keep working on it and adding more stuff it will be the best game  ever made of  Grettysburg.
,Recommended,306660,14056526,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,erikkire,More strategy games like this please
76561197994173784,Recommended,306660,14891180,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,gehrig38,Loved it. The UI is a huge leap ahead for top down wargaming. Outstanding product and I have yet to find a bug.
,Recommended,306660,15590947,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,GunnyWPI1999,"What an outstanding game!This is a truly fun and insightful simulator of battlefield tactics during the U.S. Civil War.Its contols are straightforward and effective - a joy in a market where similar games have become bogged down in minutae.Highly recommended!For $15 USD, it is a no-brainer.Get it and get it now!"
,Recommended,306660,17833061,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,sirdorius,"Excellent game! If you liked the slow methodical pace of Napoleon Total War compared to other games in the series, try this one out. It really scratches that itch. And the AI is always surprising me. Haven't had a game go the same way twice until now.Only downside is the interface which looks really rough, alpha quality."
,Recommended,306660,12601561,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,American Boogaloo,total war<
76561198012232096,Recommended,306660,14020997,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,alfoxon,"Overall well done Darth, been using your mods since you started.The campaign mode is  disappointing. the way victories are calculated needs reworking. as sometimes the choices of next battler are strange.  eg i held all my objectives hammered the union in terms of casualties and one of the next battle options was retaking two of the objectives the campaign randomiser seemed to think I had lost. I get the impression it was not a relative high priority.The length of a single campaign is far too short and feels as if it was tagged on at the end.Tactically, in battle, there is no map rotation which  feels a bit odd   but being an old fart using fixedmap angles came back quickly. When issuing orders i found it often necessary to pause the game. I have only used ballanced game difficulty so far and as he Confederates found the AI not difficult (after a couple of test battles to get used to the game).It probably would benefit from a basic set of formations hotkeys for corps level deployment.The tutorial is simple straight forward and tells you all you need to know about the basic commands.I am not sure how effective artillery, which is usually a sign of ballance needing tweeking. The Confederate charge is very effective. quite possibly a little oiverpowered.It is what it is, a small team project on a relatively small budget. For that reason alone I recommend it. Games are becoming far too samey because the producers are business people not gamers as  they were in my youth.A good first attempt.  and I imagine great for the multiplayers out there."
76561198015414330,Recommended,306660,15726912,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,mako_chan,"Someone said this game can be played through in under 3 hours. It's true. However, it can be instantly replayed, on the same settings, and go somewhat different. Seriously, replayability value is quite large. Plus it throws just the right amount of chaos at player - enough to sweat and worry, but far not enough to just give up in exasperation and surrender to just watching events unfold.Maybe a bit expensive at full price, but a great treat during a sale."
,Recommended,306660,16842440,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Rein Frost,always believed that i was an great strategist.... never been defeated by an army as these confederates.... last battle went like:Arrived at battlefield.secured oak ridge.lost oak ridge.secured oak ridge.got flanked by 2000+ men.lost all my men.surrendered.would do this again just to get flanked again.
76561198234966816,Recommended,306660,18272757,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Union_artillery,As a civil war reenactor it's very historically accurate. Good game
76561198061744331,Recommended,306660,18338668,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Fresh_Dandruff,Love it!
,Recommended,306660,13750585,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ho Lee Fuk,"Best Civil War game I've ever played! Fairly simple controls, no learning curve, and exciting gameplay. What more could you ask for? My only gripe is that the controls are a little cluncky, with the regiments not always doing what I want. But, in real war, orders would take ages to be passed down, so I guess I shouldn't complain! Overall, great game, you should buy it."
,Recommended,306660,13758945,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Porkchop,Close Combat X Total War / American Civil War = one amazing game
76561197985132314,Recommended,306660,13799415,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Napalm,Very fun game!!!
,Recommended,306660,13830670,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,MOV_righthenrox,"YES. Very awesome gameplay the whole feel of it on a board (like a board game) gives it character.Units all good, all the commands for the units are good simple.Surgestions: Would be awesome if multiplayer could have more then 1v1 e.g. 'Could have 2v2 or 3v3 (MAX) on a bigger scale map' my opinion... would be AWESOME! (Imma a fan of Empire and Napoleon Total War so i love it when muskeets are involved :D )I RECONMEND THIS GAME!"
76561198011109800,Recommended,306660,13866903,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Tomi,"Hi,honestly I just can't stop playing this game since I purchased it in december 2014. I have always been really into the history of the American Civil War, although I am not from the States. As a 9 years old child I had been playing a simple game called Civil War on one of my very first PCs in the 1990s. Than for years I have been playing Sierra's Civil War 2 Generals. And now besides AGEOD'S Civil War games this is my favourite game from this era.I have just beaten the AI on ""Determined"" level with the Confederacy.The game is dinamic and feels very alive. It responds to the player's decisions very well. The AI can be adjusted to your taste very easily. The game captures the historical settings very well, but the progress and the outcome of the battle depends on your tactics. I really like the modelling of morale and how generals can influence the behavior of your troops.If you are a Civil War fanatic just like me, this is your game."
76561198007372721,Recommended,306660,14043907,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Buchan,Absolotly brilliant must have for any arm chair general
76561197993288786,Recommended,306660,18268120,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Invest,Awesome game with big battles. The controls and user interface are perfect! Love to drag those arrows!
76561198002053619,Recommended,306660,14147604,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Klavs,"GettysburghThis brilliant strategy game simulates the escalation of battle from a small initial skirmish up to the final showdown of forces. Every battle has reinforcements and these reinforcements usually have to move quite a bit to reach a conflict zone. This makes this game quite unique.Here, for example, a commander can ambush and stall such reinforements by infiltrating a small force behind the enemy lines. To do that, You can use a terrain features that break the line of sight of enemy. Forests, hills, riverbeds will provide such cover.I wish we could have a similar ""battle simulator"" for WW2 era battles.The only downside of this game is that sometimes battle outcome is evaluated in a very strage way. I had once a whole union army encircled and broken, and it was only a matter of time for them to be completely annihilated - they had no place to retreat and regain strength and cohesion. But the game decided that battle is over and it is a ""tie"".Anyway - this is a Yes from me, and every strategist will enjoy this game."
76561198007191555,Recommended,306660,14923108,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,wmetcalf,"Ultimate General; GettysburgCongratulations to the developers of this fresh take on an old idea. In spite of the obvious, that this system has yet to be highly polished, it is still worth purchase and play. The developers have taken the game to a point where it is enjoyable and highly playable in spite of current limitations. They had the sense to keep the price at a point that makes it worth buying even now. I see it as a form of crowd sourceing.The innovative elements that add a new sense of control are relatively few, yet they add a refreshing twist that makes this game feel different from it's forebears. The mechanics seem suited to this era. Indeed, one can see this system supporting titles that could stretch across a couple of centuries.The elephant in the room is obvious. One map, one battle. However, Gettysburg was an excellent choice to start, because the sheer complexity and scope of the battle offer more replay value than might otherwise be available in a single conflict. Gettysburg is so well known, and the larger flow of the clashing forces is so pre-determined that the fog-of-war is inherently diminished, and gameplay thus centers around the tactical rather than the strategic. Of course, all titles that are based around historic battles have the same issue.For this reason I would hope, down the road, to see a module perhaps titled, ""Unknown Battles of the Civil War,"" that would present interesting original scenarios created to use this engine in a complete fog-of-war environment. Though I've had a long interest in these types of games I am not a ""Grognard,"" and would gladly accept non-historical scenarios that retain the flavor of an era.One of the wisest decisions was to accelerate movement and action to avoid a situation that could quickly mire the player in a nightmare of overwhelming scope and micro-management. Self-managing AI-reactions, such as (most of the time) automatically turning to face opponents after movement, contribute. The result is a speed-of-play that remains in the realm of fun rather than tedium.In service of this idea I would like to see a variable ""throttle"" to manage game speed. Though a PAUSE button is available, I would like to have the option of having the clock slowed, but not frozen, so I could continue watching the flow while making large number of simultaneous tactical decisions.As this scenario progresses the numbers of units and the size of the conflict become so impossible to track in real time that I imagine most players MUST pause the game to issue orders effectively. Eventually so many units occupy the same space that one must zoom the map in-and-out merely to pinpoint and activate units of interest. If not paused While doing this it's easy lose the big picture, and become overwhelmed by the adversary on unseen parts of the map.It would be interesting, at certain stages of a large battle, to be able to...say...""quarter the map"", and play out just that segement of the battle to some fixed future time point. After individually playing each map segment the results would be merged into a new, current overall battle situation and play would continue. Not sure that this would even be possible though, since what happens in one segment is also continually effecting what is happening elsewhere.A couple of minor issues I would like to see addressed soon: Between battle segments, when a strategy must be selected before continuing to the next phase (largely determining where the default start positions will be), I would like to have access to the full, empty map. The tiny thumbnail maps presented with units in position are not large enough to identify locations and their names, making it difficult even for people like me, who are fairly familiar with this battle, to make a decision.An important and needed change: I want to select a unit HQ and have all the member units' icons highlight simultaneously. Without this capability, keeping units within contact range of each other, or even finding them, is almost impossible.Some minor tweaking of the UI is also necessary. For example, even zoomed in to max, it's hard to tell whether arty units are limbered or not. The LIMBER button needs an alternate UNLIMBER button to help determine status. Directional controls also need a bit of tweaking to make them less sesitive.I also purchased the iPad version of the game. And though I have only played it partway through, I can see that, ironically, a game that seems ideally optimized for a touch interface doesn't fare well on a small screen. Though I think the port to mobile devices is worthwhile, Scenarios need to be restricted to smaller battles. Fingers are just too big and the screens are too small.So people! Loosen those pocketbooks and fork over a little dough for this title, which is showing immense promise. For a pittance you get a good taste of an engine that could end up being really great, and offer support and encouragement for the developers. RECOMMENDED!"
76561198020283491,Recommended,306660,17719756,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Ara Ara ufufu~,"This game fills a gap in good tactical civil war combat games, and has a very simplified interface that makes it accessible.Brigades are the smallest unit of command, which I found unfortunate because it left me unable to replicate the involved maneuvering and micromanagement of Sid Meier's Gettysburg.Perhaps the best feature is the game's branching campaign, with the level of victory the player achieves in any given battle and what objectives were taken setting the stage for the next combat.A great deal is under the hood and hard to understand- different brigades are between 1 and 3 stars in effectiveness, for example, but certain brigades reload faster than others of the same rank.If anything the two sides are too asymmetrical- Union infantry's morale is brittle to the point of being near useless on the offensive, while its artillery is much better than the confederates. (Equipment for both sides was largely dimilar, and the engine evidently tracks what artillery is equipped with what piece, but does not make this knowledge public to the player. So it will be a mystery why ""Cooper"" artillery shells so much more effectively than ""Stevens"" or so on.)Maneuvering can be fiddly, units reform after having their morale broken far too easily, and melee devolves into one side fleeing while the other pursues and is shot by adjascent units far too often. This is made most egregious when artillery units flee bayonet charges. Artillery also is suspiciously impervious; an exposed battery can be expected to take a couple of volleys from a brigade before thinking bettery of their situation.Some sort of tooltip system would have been nice- In larger battles where you find yourself commanding 40,000 men, it is possible for units to stand unresponsive in blistering fire without being noticed, and the game becomes focused on herding rallied units back to the front and making sure no disasters are taking place more so than coordinating interesting maneuvers.Still, Ultimate General Gettysburg is easy to jump into. Compared to Sid Meiers Gettysburg or the Take Command series, is wanting in period feel. More music would not have been amiss.All in all a good effort marred by some minor issues. I look forward to the sequel."
76561198025612733,Recommended,306660,13840862,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,pehmo,"Decent real-time tactics game about the battle of the Gettysburg. Battlefield actions have great resemblace to the actions seen in Total War Series. However game lacks certain depht in the battlefield behavior. Battlefield terrain has very little effect to the battle. User interface is very plain. Giving excact orders to the troops, when necessary, is very hard. Graphics are simplifed and good enough for the battle but miss some polish.The game is worth a try at a reduced price. Not as elaborate as the AAA games but still capable of providing few entertaining hours with the gameplay."
76561198017264343,Recommended,306660,13864669,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,hawk,the AI gave me a nice fight.
76561198067723912,Recommended,306660,14210830,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Newman497,"I love this game, even with only one battle it is ever changing and always different. 10/10 would recommend"
76561198028148235,Recommended,306660,13744686,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,jmtanzillo,Pretty neat game.  I just played on scenario on a Mac running 10.10.1 and it ran very well.
76561198170206705,Recommended,306660,13769063,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,samjlb,"Everyone raves about the AI.   I am not that good of general, but I am able to crush this game everytime even with the AI boost on.There are also many frustrating oddities.- Iron Brigade is decimated by my fire, loses over a 1,000 men and marches through five Confederate units on its way to take Herr Ridge - really?- I targetted two of my units to attack 1 union unit.  All three intermingle but there no losses on either side.  The units just stand there. Very weird.- I flanked the left side of the union army, and one of my units is routed. Instead of fleeing away from the Union line, it flees toward it and then turns Northward to run down the entire union line, losing over 1,000 men in the process.- Game seems slight tilted toward Union, making it easier to play Union side. When I am on the verge of taking an objective as the Union, the game will delay the end of battle several times.  However, when I play as Confederate, the battle is not delayed even though the objective is being contested.  Also playing on the Confederate side, I have decimated the Union forces only to be told at the end of the scenario that I received a crushing defeat.  Two rounds later I have pushed the Union forces from the map, which I feel is a sweeping victory, but instead I am told it is a minor victory even though I have 6,000 fewer casualties and control  of the entire map.It is a fun game, and worth the money.   The claims of great AI are exagerrated,so I was a little disappointed, but I still like it."
,Recommended,306660,17683405,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Wardram,Fantastic. Great game that gives the history buff exactly what they want in a battle strategy game.
,Recommended,306660,14102700,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,[TGU]SOL,"what can I say, hoorah for small glimmers of light in an age of glitzy spam, I'll make this short and sweet the reason you should try this little gem is that the controls are simple yet adequate and more than enough without over complicating the experience, the AI options are inspired and don't rely on cheap tactics like upping the damage/strength attributes of units, the map is well presented with proper use of elevation, graphically she's not the Mona Lisa but she does make me smile."
76561197975719689,Recommended,306660,13743595,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,eggs,Reminds me of older Gettysburg games I played in the past.  Which is a good thing.
,Recommended,306660,13746863,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Danimal66,"I was amazed at how much fun this is. Like the total war games, I have a soft spot for the period involved but it is a really well done game."
76561198007494456,Recommended,306660,13807359,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ironclad,The best battle RTS wargame that I ever played. More battles please.
,Recommended,306660,13807606,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Harcile,"I've only played it a little and am still getting used to it. It is quite difficult! This isn't a game that will hold your hand and give you an easy ride. It has some rough spots - the fact that you don't get any information on the relative strengths/weaknesses of your units is a problem. Hint: skirmishers are awful at melee combat. Once you get over that hump though, the battle itself is involving and challenging. You will endure heavy losses to your troops and strategy plays a big part - terrain, positioning, and timing of attacks as well as smart use of units all factor heavily in your chances of prevailing.A lot is made of the controls being simple - I don't have that much experience with the genre so my comments are specific to UG:G. I don't like that you need the CTRL key so much in order to position your units facing the correct direction. I think this could have been done better. The grouping of units is also not ideal - grouping them is easy but again the CTRL function of a grouped unit seems flawed with units often crossing paths to reach their positions.Still, definitely recommended."
76561198138585821,Recommended,306660,13984040,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,mcjunker,"This is the most intuitive strategy game I've ever played. Instead of trying to match unit types against each other- sending cavalry against archers, axemen against spearmen, etc- the key to winning is to control the high ground and preserve units' morale and conditioning.The two sides have different strengths. The Confederates have high morale, which means they can charge harder and stand longer before running. The Union has superior firepower, so they can butcher anything that stands in front of them for too long. Different overall strategies are required for each, with the Confederates trying to headbutt and flank their way through Union lines while the Union cuts them down and tries to repel them.I can't wait to see more from this developer."
,Recommended,306660,14237196,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,TheWormenHeimer,This game is super fun and has a pretty accurate tactic options display to the tactics used in the Civil War. I wish more people played it. I am an old reb. myself.
76561198008681177,Recommended,306660,13684995,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,kill19902,good game have to pay careful attention or else you go from winning to losing fast
,Recommended,306660,14291950,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Purple_Haze,"I have tried several Civil War games and this one comes close to being the best.  You are limited to this one battle over a period of the few days the battle was fought.You are given divisions, battalions, and arty to command.  The game gives you objectives for your army to take, capture points or value points are given for the objectives taken.  You have to pay attention to moral, movement, terrian, etc.I like that you can save your progress in case you want to re-think your stragety.  The game seems to replicate pretty  well how battles were fought and how soldiers might react.  So keep the officers close to boost moral.What I don't like is doing real well in capturing, (like Culp's Hill). and then the next game I have to do it again. It re-sets back to the historical settings of the battle fought that day.  Any one who's familiar w/ the history of the battle will know that if the confederates had taken a few key hills at Gettysburg, the Civil War and our history would be different.I finally won playing the confederates. The game, or campaign feels like it didn't take a very long time to play. I hope they have some more options of this genre game available in the future."
76561197994055970,Recommended,306660,14856896,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Bash,Union artillery kills men even when not firing. Union infantry rout confederate units when they are not even in combat. Nuff said
76561197995354357,Recommended,306660,13769541,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sully-624,Remarkably well-balanced presentation of the epic battle. The player is allowed to command units and formulate battlefield strategy while the individual unit 'commanders' manage the logistics and mecahnics of implementing that strategy. The learning curve is reasonably short and the game flows quite well. I spent many years studying and playing the Avalon Hill and SSI hex-based table games which set the standard for this type of game for decades. Ultimate General: Gettysburg is a glimpse into the future of these grognard staples. (It doesn't hurt that the graphics beautifully recreate the American Heritage Battle Maps of the Civil War text either!)
76561197994273282,Recommended,306660,13849341,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,[KoP] Krannus,"Ultimat General Gettysburg is a very nice game.I palyed a lot of RTS Games and this is one of the smoothes and most logical ones.There is no clumsy positioning and no special abilities which unbalance the game.It is simply a question of who is the better general und who finds the better position on the map.You can easily do encircelments and fast advances, aswell as staying defensive and holding your position.The graphics are nice, nothing spectacular but beatufully made and straight forward.The gameplay is fast paced but still tactical.The music is fitting although sounds of guns and cannons are somewhat lackluster.The AI can be modified to a very defensive, very offensive or any setting in between.The multiplayer is still very basic and a litte underpopulated, but the devs are very active and adressing the issues as soon as they arise.The singleplayer is well made and challenging, you can't modify much But this is a simulation of the gettysburg battle with all historical units who took part in it.I only can recommend this game and i am looking forward to further updates by the devs."
,Recommended,306660,14042020,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Dredd,"If you want a stimulating experience you cannot go past this game. done by darthmod of the total war series, he is the main brain behind their work to my understanding and rome 2, did not have his support. This game is brilliant, and I am a tight♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198119739251,Recommended,306660,14161929,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,🐍 Cobra 🐍-TitanGamingRP,nice little strategy game fun but if your not into line battles or older wars then this is not for you
,Recommended,306660,13857260,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Frielock,"Pretty fun game sometimes the regiments require too much micro managing, especially the artilley regiments, but overall a pretty fun game...would have liked more battles in it, but it is called Ultimate general Gettysburg, definitely a good pick up if you like strategy games."
76561198046533401,Recommended,306660,15799687,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,primoaurelius,"if your thinking about getting it...do it...darth did an incredible job with this one. it calls itself gettysburg, but its more of a dynamic gettysburg campaign generator, as i found it really hard to follow the historical path. every single playthrough will be different than the next. you take up either side of the war and your job is to route the opposition from the battlefield, and the results of one skirmish/tactical battle will directly influence the next. if you dont want to play the campaign, there are loads of single scenerios set up with different starting positions and troop composition. you can play historically, or you can totally change history and fight the battle the way you think it should have been fought. listen to lee or longstreet? hold the defensive lines, or prepare for a counter attack? consolidate gains, or withdrawl to better positions? you will have to make decisions like this before, and during the battle that will guide the path the fighting takes. probably the single greatest civil war battle game...ever....no joke."
,Recommended,306660,17679338,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Sir_Friskybird_III,Fun Game and very interesting basing the next battle after the results of the previous battle. Good mechanics and easy to use!
,Recommended,306660,13777390,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,iki_balam,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg is properly compared to Sid Meier’s game that came out well over a decade ago. That begs the quest why a game in 2015 would be compared to something that old. The simple answer is that nothing as good has come along, and the complex answer is that nothing this good is out there now. With both the decline of Creative Assembly’s Total War franchises, and the Real-Time-Strategy (RTS) genre, this game fill the niche for historical RTS solidly.Ultimate General: Gettysburg has as simple but easy to use UI. The AI is also very intelligent, and hard levels are quite hard! There are some inferred mechanics, but nothing too obtuse to not be understandable. Yes, there is room for improvement but not much, and the game is very addicting.Some people are unhappy with there being one map. However consider this; At the end of each day or phase, you have three options that are essentially new-ish areas to work with. Additionally, having one map also demands from the player careful use of troops, as they carry over too.  The lack of maps isn’t a hindrance to having fun.EDIT: I have heard rumors of a full campaing coming. I would wait now to get this until it's either on sale or the rumors become true.And, since the devs went overboard on nerffing the Confederate's Rebell Yell charge bonus, final score is 80%. I dont mind patches tweeking the game, but they really made the whole expereince too different with the last patch"
,Recommended,306660,13802888,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,(o_0) Sir Squiggles,"Outstanding game! Easy to learn, easier to fall in love with! Challenging AI and great replayability. Loved the Darthmods for Total war, and I can't get enough of this game!!!"
76561198026159427,Recommended,306660,13760324,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,pwiddy,"A simple, yet eligant update of Sid Meyer's old fan favorites. As an amateur historian and civil war buff there was no way I could pass this game up. The AI is very smart and counters your moves or makes you counter theirs. I personally always set the AI to random, so that I have no idea what stance I will be facing. Nothing gives a history nut more satisfaction than watching the Iron Brigade drive Archer's and Davis's brigades off the map the morning of the 1st or breaking through the round tops on July 2nd with Hood's division. The extent of nerdiness required to fully appreciate this game is very high, but if you want a challenging, but not impossible RTS without unit creation, Ultimate General: Gettysburg is the game for you."
76561198022201660,Recommended,306660,13771648,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dumbnut,"Ok, as everybody already have said this game is indeed looking very promising - but goddamn does it suck big time when you know you're losing a fight and you can't speed it up. You just sit there for 10 minutes waiting for the battle to end while screaming at the screen.10/10, because when a game gets you involved enough to actually want to punch straight through your screen, you know you're in for a good time - at least when you're winning."
,Recommended,306660,13817609,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Gking19,"Overall a very good take on the RTS genre. Enough to keep you going for a decent amount of time. My only issue is that it's just one battle, but future updates may add more content, and there are several dozen scenarios for you to play, and along with the addition of being able to play either the Confederates or Union, you have plenty to keep you occupied."
76561198018399721,Recommended,306660,13823499,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,warnold11,"Picked this up on sale the other day, and wow, is it fun.  The controls are absolutely intuitive and address most of the problems I've had with similar grand strategy games (namely, pathfinding is not an issue in Ultimate General: Gettysburg).  I was surprised by how competent the AI was, and how differently you have to play in order to beat each one--so far I've played three different iterations of the battle against three different AI opponents, and it resulted in radically different outcomes each time.  The historical detail is also astonishing.That said, the game isn't perfect.  My main criticism is in the way different kinds of units are handled.  You'll primarily be using infantry--which is to be expected, since it is the Civil War--but I haven't gotten much mileage out of the artillery or videttes (mounted cavalry) you have access to in this game.  Soldier for soldier, infantry is much more effective and everything else seems kind of useless.  Some of the battles end pretty quickly, too; I had one end before the reinforcements I got halfway through could make it to my line.Still, this is a very good tactical strategy game, and as a bonus will definitely satisfy Civil War buffs who have gone without a good representation of the period since the Sid Meier games or the Civil War Generals series."
76561197973429614,Recommended,306660,14261069,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The_Grunt,"This is extremely well done RTS game and one that definitely should appeal to a wide variety of gamers. Gameplay is extremely fluid and terrific UI makes it quite easy to control even the largest battles without any frustration. Although UGG lacks the extreme realism of Scourge Of War games, for example, it definitely makes it up with the enjoyable frustration free gameplay rarely seen on any RTS game withi similar scope. Don't get me wrong, gameplay isn't overly simplistic. This is just one of those games that is easy to learn but hard to master. There are quite a lot options for your troops but all actions are beautifully integrated to the one of the best UIs of RTS genre. In addition to that, AI does good job and developers are improving the game with patches, so for the price and all in all, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,306660,14299525,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Daikos,"Good AI and a simple control scheme make this a real good game, especially at its price."
76561198082120409,Recommended,306660,14328310,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ginge,"bloody great game !!!!!!  even single player is great fun, possibly might destroy life but well worth it !!!!!!!"
76561198072362653,Recommended,306660,13751209,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,nicholasgoblue,Great game. Lots of hope and expectations for this series in the future!
76561198007468611,Recommended,306660,14312545,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,NickR,"What a great game. Probably one of, if not the best out there."
76561197994755217,Recommended,306660,15570079,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,leglerzr,"This is a great game, probably the closest thing I've found to a ""Total War"" type battle.  If there was a ""Total War: Gettysburg"" the battles would be similar to this.  If you are looking for a great civil war battle game look no further.  Be advised this is strictly a battle game, no campaign stategy here.Could be improved by adding more battles or a custom battle section that has more than bits of the Gettysburg battle, but I may be nit picking.  Best Civil War game I've found."
76561197983015242,Recommended,306660,14213905,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,-Zeva- Skullbucket,"my experience with ugg so far has been really positive, the game's focus on maneuver and terrain is complemented by really pretty aerial contour maps which i have now spent hours scrutinizing carefully. my relationship with my troops is shaky, they value their own survival far more than i do, they like standing in treelines on hilltops to avoid fire far more than making neat regimental squares, they have a lot of second thoughts about charging, all in all the experience of ordering about your army's soldiers feels a lot more like convincing them of what you need to do than simply telling them to go somewhere on the field and shoot stuff, it is a very absorbing task. what's more, the continuity between the different phases of the battle means that you simply can't throw your men's lives away to storm little roundtop without long term staffing consequences: a series of high loss victories can be game losing for the south.this is a really fun strategy game, very immersive and rewarding of nuance."
76561197968273324,Recommended,306660,14346430,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,The Phos,"Parallels are being drawn between this game and Sid Meier's Gettysburg! I feel this is an apt analogy.No other game gives you the rush of commanding brigades in 18th Century combat, no other game makes you consider the sorts of things a field commander would as UG:Gettysburg does.This game is wonderful, with great replay value,  I can't wait to see more out of the team in the future - they have a dedicated fan for life.*Fingers Crossed for Ultimate General: Borodino...that would be rediculous*"
,Recommended,306660,15123727,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,godsmackrrc,"Well, it was a close call, but i went with ""Recommend"".Let's break it down:Pro:- The AI. There are some instances when the AI drops the ball - esp. by ignoring some of his separated units (much like i sometime forget about a brigade, after it regroups). But generally the AI is very solid and entertaining. The best thing is that it really seems to react to your actions, and initiates actions of its own. This is a breath of fresh air in a world where the AI seems to be very scripted. For this alone, i recommend this game.- The commands are easy to use, esp. the movement order is very simple and clear. i don't like that you have to always use ""Hold"" - it should be the default option (i think this is an on-going issue with TW games, which the devs have a good knowledge of).Con:- This is happening way too often:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=412936300http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=412936255In case you missed it - the AI charges a brigade, you reinforce your own brigade with a 2nd one. Your first brigade runs off, and then the AI and your 2nd brigade just stand there, mixed with each other. And they never fight or retreat; also, the units next to them just ignore the enemy, not firing in that direction.This is a bug that was around since early access, and it's still very common (as 30 March 2015).- There are still issues with art fire. Probably the height elevation & obstructions are not very clear, but i spent a lot of time in pause, wondering why my art isn't shooting when it had a whole range of enemies in range - and i couldn't find anything preventing them. It's very annoying, as you have to very finely move your art in a position where it will finally shoot.- Sometimes the game just won't take orders from you anymore. Normally, it's 1-click= attack, 2-clicks= charge - but sometimes, your units don't shoot and just charge, even if you just single click.- The game feels shallow, because the units & leaders are ""empty"". Since this is a one-battle-show, there should be a lot of things attached to a unit, besides a name and a leader - they have no history, there is no visible difference in equipment, no leader benefit etc. etc.- The game needs a minimap. Or a stay-on-screen alert when and where your reinforcements arrive, at lest. But a minimap is useful for tracking regrouped units also.So to sum it up - the AI is something that i would like to see in other games (hopefully, without some present issues).But the rest is nothing spectacular. i give it a 6.5 / 10."
,Recommended,306660,23244453,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,spittle8,"Quick and fast:- Competitive AI. It responds dynamically and will punish you for making mistakes or leaving a unit exposed. Effective use of artillery and skirmishers. I was initially highly discouraged from aggressive, risky action with flanking maneuvers due to this.- Entertaining campaign. The battle campaign is quite long, and there is tremendous replay value due to the effects of your battles having permanent effects (controlled terrain, casualties, etc.) carrying over to each mission, and so the missions can become quite ahistorical depending on what you have accomplished.- A pleasant art style, good sound effects, satisfying immersion. The battalions move convincingly, with smoke and rifle crack.- Morale is modelled well, as is training and experience levels of units.Overall,  a very entertaining game with which you can kill 10-20 hours easily. This is a fantastic game for $15, it exceeded my expectations."
76561198022005747,Recommended,306660,29523933,Posted: 27 January,all,Titus-Tiberius01,"An incredibly visual and strategic masterpiece. Great realism to the battle lets players position armies, await reinforcements, and choose where following battles will take place after a win or loss. Campaign is basically day-by-day fighting at Gettysburg."
76561198001940621,Recommended,306660,34402831,Posted: 21 August,all,ProNewb,Really fun game.
76561198047484950,Not Recommended,306660,19985777,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,italianrh,"I want to recommend this game, but I can't right now.  It needs improvements.The graphics are good and the sound is ok...though I do wonder about the ""jungle drums"" that randomly play in the background.  The AI can pull off good maneuvers, but it can also fail miserably.The mechanics are overly simple to the point that they can cause problems.Examples:Morale...your grizzled veterans (blue or gray) often have morale swings similar to American teenage girls having mood swings while watching Twilight.  Your men can stand in the open with no cover and have so much enthusiasm that it puts cheerleaders to shame.  You can also put them in a very good position and find that they are so depressed that they might need a psychiatrist and a smiley face balloon.The combat capability of a unit is dependent on whether its commander has a PhD in Motivational Speaking (inspiring) or if he is lactose intolerant and boring.  If he is the latter and isn't worth his milk, your soldiers will forget how to load their weapons and will shoot very slowly, even if they are veterans who have fought in 10+ battles.Artillery can shoot straight through some of the hills.  Its effects are very random.  The enemy once fired about 8 cannons, in total, at one of my brigades a half mile away (directly to the front of the cannons).  My unit lost 350 out of 800 men.  I don't remember anyone having laser-guided bombs in the 1800s.I am convinced that my soldiers are actually Canadians because they are so polite; if you move one of your brigades too close to another brigade, one group of chaps will politely step out of the way.  The problem is that when they do so, they can go straight at the enemy and get shot to pieces.Infantry will only fire volleys.  The developers took the time to allow cannons to fire different types of ammunition, but they were somehow unable to give you the option to tell your infantry to either fire a volley or fire at will.  Firing a volley at the beginning of combat is good, but most of the time you would want your men to load and fire as fast as they can afterwards.Victory...capturing certain pieces of ground is the primary objective.  Your men could be completely surrounded on a hill and cut off from supplies, but it matters not.  I once had the highest level of victory at the highest difficulty setting because I used my entire army as cannon fodder to take objectives.  The game didn't care that I had almost completely destroyed the ability of my Confederate army to defend a single tree from a handful of rabid squirrels.Historically speaking, the developers seem to have left out a number of Union units that were in the battle, so they end up being short thousands of men (I am especially looking at your troops, Generals Meredith & Cutler).  If it was a dozen here and there, that's a margin of error and is perfectly fine; when it's thousands, it's Abraham Lincoln's carriage sitting on concrete blocks without wheels in front of the White House.I used to do volunteer work at the battlefield with park rangers, so I know more about the battle than many.  I do not expect the developers to read a dozen books on the battle, though a couple short emails to the National Park Service at Gettysburg to verify information and proof-read would have been helpful."
,Recommended,306660,16603622,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hadis,"I have only played like few hours, but this is maybe the most addictive RTS for me: it's so simple because there is no building different structures or recruiting different kinds of soldiers, just pure strategies and trying to make the best use of your army's strenght."
76561198014354662,Recommended,306660,16573275,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Gucci,unfortunately most of my army are cowards10/10 would throw more lives into the meat grinder again
76561198024806702,Recommended,306660,16629863,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[POTUS] Barack Obama,"This game is a great RTS. There are no complex controls (just drag your army to where you want it to move), yet the morale/cover mechanics of the game add a lot to gameplay. I do get a little confused when a brigade starts falling back for no reason, but I guess there's something that I'm missing in the morale mechanics.I really appreciate the dev team's dedication to historical accuracy. For example, the Union soldiers fire slightly faster than the Confederates (to reflect their repeating rifles at that time), but Confederates have higher morale and are capable of withstanding heavy losses (reflecting the inspiring generals). Also, the area around Gettysburg itself looks really good, with key points noted on the map, along with what I'm assuming is accurate topography.This is one of the times where I've felt like an actual armchair general, which is pretty cool. I wish there were more battles available, but there are varying scenarios available depending on what capture points you take during your batles. I'd definitely recommend this game when it's on sale again."
76561198082177478,Recommended,306660,26127513,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Cairo,"Love it. I can see why a lot of people don't like it, especially if they are expecting a conventional RTS, which it isn't conventional at all. The units and controls themselves are simple, but the rest of the elements that are programmed into it really make the game very complex. Unit morale, the effects of flanking, charging, cannon fire and fatigue, along with terrain advantages etc. The many elements that are avaiable to use are really what you should look at in this game, those are actually more important than your actual units most of the time.Its not really a build a bunch of units and match them toe to toe attrition style game that we have now days. Where units are specifically designed to be strong against other units in a sort of fancy rock paper scissors game. This is more about manuevering units, taking certain terrain features and recognizing weaknesses in enemy manuevers and positions and exploiting them.If you have played sid meirs gettysburg and liked it, then pick this one up and get to it. Very very similar and I think you'll feel right at home."
,Recommended,306660,12873776,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Magik,"Good game with a clean, simple and efficient design. Pretty graphics (can I say cute ?).This game is a Sid Meier's Gettysburg heir, and this is a big compliment from me. I hate RTS C&C-like since the first one (Dune). But I played from Field of Glory to the whole Total War serie with great pleasure.However, it lacks multiplayer modes (2vs2 and more) where tactical game are the most enjoyable. And it would be a killer feature to offer mods or other battlefields (other maps, other era like Napoleonic Wars for example).We need more players for multiplayer game too :)"
,Recommended,306660,10962688,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BlackHatBrigade,"The current iteration of this game is great for how early it is being released.  They have a LOT on their todo list, so I'm excited to see some of it added in.  There is a good bit missing that someone that plays strategy games would expect, but if you check out the known issue link, you'll see they are aware of it and plan to add to the functionality.  That being said, the game plays great for me and has a solid base for them to continue developing on.The only thing that worries me is their projected timeframe.  I've only seen one or two games do as much as they say they have to in that kind of time frame.  I'd hate to see it rushed because it seems like they really have a chance at making a game that could compete for the best Civil War game to date.For the price, it's definitely a winner in my book."
76561198140186807,Recommended,306660,10794897,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,rjshelor,great game
,Recommended,306660,10817032,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Silent Hunter,Well worth 9.99$
,Recommended,306660,11362607,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Willem Default,"Still needs a few tweaks, and a little fleshing out of control options like formations, but it's a great strategy game."
,Recommended,306660,11627344,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,[32nd] Diamond63,"So far, this game is pretty epic. Its complexity is just brilliant. You have to think of everything, morale, condition, terrain positioning, cover, line of sight...There are some bugs, such as: artillery sometimes won't fire for some reason, even if you put them on hill where they can see everything, or on open plains; Cavalry usually won't charge when you command them. I managed to make them charge artillery only once. But bugs are expected since this is early access game."
,Recommended,306660,12203990,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Comrade Farron,Best American Civil War game I've played! Well Done
,Not Recommended,306660,25733601,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,elfboy,good game spent a few  hours playing but dont  even try to play mutiplayer 31 people online 6 games being played ?..tried random match still nothing now servers totaly down !!!! save your money look eleswhere......
76561197971205273,Recommended,306660,11801773,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Chilli Dog,"Ultimate General is an easy to get into wargame which is great fun. The pacing of the game is great. Individual firefights can last a long time which I mean as a compliment compared to some other ""wargames"" where everyone rushes in and one side dies very quickly. There is plenty do (adjusting your men, trying to flank, bringing up reserrves etc) and I never felt the need for an accelerate time button. After each battle there is a brief summary of how then battle went and depending on the outcome you get to decide a broad strategy for the next battle which can vary the map and placement of units. I found the end of battle summary text a little disconnected from the battle that I thought I had fought but this is a small gripe. I suspect the replayability is not as high as I would like as it is based around one major battle. However, I am guessing there will be many mods or battle packs in the future."
,Recommended,306660,11758536,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Valley Knight,"Great game. Reminds me of Sid Meier's Gettysburg (which is amazing). Since the last update, though, my game keeps crashing. It's really geting annoying, didn't happen on old versions."
76561198023859979,Recommended,306660,11820742,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,jaburo,"I tired of Gettysburg games a few years ago.  After all, you can only go over the same ground so many times.  But then along came Ultimate General: Gettysburg.  Although this game is still in progress, I find it engaging.  It is easy to play and challenging to master.  The user interface is simple and the AI is excellent.  If you favor Civil War battles at the brigade, division, and corps level, but don't want to get bogged down in the details, then this may be what you are looking for.  Once the developers have finished refining this title, I hope they release other Civil War battles as well.  Well worth the money at this stage of development."
76561197996510344,Recommended,306660,12047348,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,thesecretary,"Having had a go on both sides against the AI, I totally got immersed into the game and enjoyed everything about it. The graphics are the best I have seen in any game, if this is only sample of what is to come then I'm sold on it.A BIG 10/10"
76561198006596243,Recommended,306660,13156895,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Blucher007,"This has turned out to be one of those great little games. I purchased it while in development and are more than happy at the latest version. Good game fun and quick, but historically accurate enought."
,Recommended,306660,15688230,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,[BR]Edward III,"Routing simulator 1863Apart from (what it seems to me) some weird meele mechanics, it's a very pleasant surprise. I would recomend, and if you are not sure about it, just wait for a sale. It sounds like a son of total war, with the stretegical depth of paradox games."
,Recommended,306660,16567664,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ThomasCorbettEsq,"I ejoyed this fully, lots of wargame strategy and the game reminds me of Sid Meiers Gettyburg which helps. Only one comment, the AI has Rome Total War 2 Battle logic some times. It will march through my army and straight to the VP markers while the rest of its army gets killed. Not a major problem as said but one which makes for a slight 'what?' moment.Would like to see more from these people, a Napoleonic and other ACW battles, perhaps a What if British involement?"
76561198054629343,Recommended,306660,16762392,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Insomnia,Challanging.
76561198006840957,Recommended,306660,11786936,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Debater2nd,"I am a Civil War reenactor and living historian, a history teacher, and a long-time gamer.  This game is extrememly good.  It reminds me of the Sid Meier Gettysburg and Sharpsburg games, but with much easier controls and visually-pleasing graphics.  The new additions of choosing a strategy, while still rough, is promising, and much better than a simple linear game.The only things that I would like to see changed are a better way to tell what units are attacking (and charging!), as well as a ""Limber"" feature for artillery (ideally to increase their speed while not firing.)  That said, even without any changes to this game at all, it is VERY solid, visually fantastic, and an absolute steal at $10.Thank you, game creators!  This is exactly what I've been hoping for!"
76561198006581865,Recommended,306660,11918587,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Sturmer,"Awesome game, in a constantly ignored part of history. Total War keeps spinning around this important piece of history, and its nice to see that someone finally makes, by all means impressive, effort to give us what we need. Im looking forward to seeing it growing, and I hope that my early buying of the game will help achieve this.few tips nonetheless ofc....- we need an overview map in the corner of the screen, or 1 that can be called up- more detailed info on units while fighting. maybe if u click a unit, u get more detailed info regarding strength etc.- more scenarios!!"
,Recommended,306660,15736619,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,salad fork,"UGG has the best A.I in any RTS out there at the moment.  The game is constantly being updated.  The multiplayer  is awesome.  For any old school ACW gamers out there, this is the successor to S.M.G and more!!! Highly recommended to any RTS players out there  looking for something new and challenging, you can't go wrong with this purchase."
76561197976600018,Recommended,306660,10457579,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,james7504,"Excellent game, recent green light, very worth the money, please but and give this a go so the game takes off and more scenarios can be added."
76561198004775512,Recommended,306660,11616921,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,basquedude,"I would highly recommend this game to others, especially since it brings strategic and tactical elements that a player has to consider and react to which are rarely (if ever) found in other games. Flanking plays a big part in this game, both in trying to flank the ememy while being very aware of being flanked yourself.This game also forces you to consider issues of concentration of force- you want to exert enough force at a point to make a difference, but not so much where the high density of troops causes more casualties because of cannon fire.Last, this game really forces you to consider the placement and use of your troops. Do you move more troops to point A to try to gain a strategic point? And if so, where do you pull them from? If you pull them from point B, you may become very vunerable to an unforseen attack in that area. If you use your reserve troops from another area  in the attack, you won't have any fresh troops to stem the ememy attack in another area later in the game.To sum it up, this game presents the gamer with a lot of strategic issues that you have to resolve. Do well, and you live to see another day. Otherwise...."
76561198008287889,Recommended,306660,11890825,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,ZacLinMac,"I think this game is great, I love the moral system the AI is pretty challenging. They take advantage of my flanks a lot so I send troops to counter them, however when I do that it usually leaves gaps in my line and I would like to see the AI take advantage of that to make the game more challenging. Great game, please keep up the awesomeness!"
76561198007500522,Recommended,306660,12089409,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Abasmon,"So simple and yet so fun, 1 of the best rts games out there right now. If you like battles, ordering your troops where to go, flanking, pulling your enemy into murderous crossfires and the like? Then you should like this game, I look forward to the updates/dlc/future games from this developer."
76561198015010011,Recommended,306660,11896479,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,jason_hurst1970,This is a great American civil war game one of the best on the market.
76561197972784710,Recommended,306660,15540527,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Shifty,"There are not enough words to describe how good this game is. The developers have certainly revolutionised some key elements of strategic games, most importantly the way you can command and position your units to make use of strategic advantages provided by terrain (cover, elevation, line of sight, ...). Other aspects such as unit condition and unit morale, which have also been implemented, play a key role in planning your moves as well. If you order a brigade to stay in combat for too long, its condition will slowly diminish, giving you a severe disadvantage in prolonged engagements. If morale gets too low, your units will be easily routed through cavalry attacks and bayonet charges, causing them to retreat in disarray, disobeying your commands. So you need to really take care of your units as you go, especially since they will reappear in later stages of the battle.As you go and make your decisions, lose or win single engagements, the Battle of Gettysburg will always take different courses. So even though the battle itself lasts a maximum of five days in the game, the gaming experience will never be entirely the same.The AI of your opponent is pretty good. You can select different types of AI commanders when you start the battle based on difficulty and aggressiveness. A defensive computer player will try to position itself on the high ground, pounding your positions with artillery barrages until the arrival of fresh reinforcements encourages him to attack your weakened positions. An aggressive opponent, on the other hand, will try to spot weaknesses in your formation, attacking these positions vigorously and without fear.All in all, this is a must for any person who loves strategy games, in particular those who are interested in the American Civil War.Chaaaarge!"
76561197972940535,Recommended,306660,12128494,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Blackthorne,"The most solid American Civil War sim I have seen since Sid Meier's version... and it's still in development stages! Highly recommended for genre fans or those who just want to have a shot at a strategy game with the sound of distant musketry :)If you're not into early access, chalk it up on your wishlist and keep an eye on it - I see a winner in the making."
76561198148945105,Recommended,306660,16577743,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Thora Read,Ultimate General Gettysburg is by far the most outstanding rts I have ever played. It's difficult and stressfully managing you're army in the thick of combat can be quite tiresome but at least you feel like a real General while playing.
76561198145863277,Recommended,306660,11762589,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,chrisotsuki,"i LOVE this game! it looks like the old american heritage battlemaps in the books by bruce catton that introduced me to the civil war when i was 10!i love the .85 patch with the flanking attack bonus and the downhill attack bonus. now the game acts much more realistically.the whole game is so simple and elegant. such ease of play. all the critical info right at your fingertips. a masterful game and it looks gorgeous.it seems like the ai personalities have become random in the latest patch. i set it to cautious but it acts opportunistic or recklessly.some suggestions:i think the cavalry is too overpowered. let infantry attack cavalry with a flanking bonus. no cavalry in the civil ever dared to face infantry while mounted on horseback. they would have gotten slaughtered.and an artillery battery without infantry cover would get butchered by rifle fire or melee with an entire infantry brigade. they never allowed artillery to fight uncovered by infantry.with the new patch i seem to notice some odd little bugs. often when you try to pick up a battle where you left off, you can't 'continue' to the next battle. you just lose everything.there are other things that would be nice; an OPTION where there is corps and division integrity, where related brigades need or least have an option to stick together, which would usually be the case. but don't lose the manual option the game uses normally; it makes the game so easy and fun to play!i wish artillery would 'suggest' placement based on a mission, 'defend selected units or terrain' 'attack selected units or terrain' i find it really hard to place artillery. but in real life, artillery commanders would make these recommendations. and pretty much every general in the civil war was a trained engineer who would know how to read terrain and place artillery. but we don't have that knowledge. a hint would help.i think you should add lee and meade to the battlefield. and stonewall jackson with a two wing varient to the confederate order of battle.dramatic music might be a fun addition.i hope eventually you'll be able to save battles at various stages, so that you can replay a good start a few times. and i hope that you'll have a game editor to make your own battles. maybe something that can generate terrain maps from google, or from topographic survey maps, and orders of battle from textfiles we might find online.on a deeper level, there should be a varient where the confederates can hunker down and meade has to attack them or get fired or get lincoln impeached for failing to kick the rebels out of the north. that is the most important what if civil war buffs argue about.millions of suggestions. but never forget the bottom line. we LOVE this game. might be the best battle game i've ever had. and what a great price. with some extras like i'm saying, it would be worth $40 easy. it's almost worth that much as it is."
76561198026401203,Recommended,306660,11903220,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Mortifa,Addictive little game. I hope they add features as they develop the game.Worth the money though as it is.
76561198012684145,Recommended,306660,18255148,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Benjamin Kuhl,"i am a stratagy nut and have played all the total war games but this game has a special place for me. apon buying this game i was unprepaired for how intense it was when i was  rooting my units on to hold a line or keep up the fire. The dynamic battles and AI that actually tries to beat you is a refreshing change and i felt no shame when the campaign ended in a draw. I am massivly anticipating what ever game these guys come out with next. thet could do amazing things with napoleonic wars, revolutionary, mexican american... it really goes on and on. They have a regular customer in me."
76561198038763194,Recommended,306660,23116773,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,jms0784,Brilliant game.
76561198310972714,Recommended,306660,25716602,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,NotUrAverageLlama,"This is the first RTS game I've played that actually had real strategy.  And the AI is actually good.  I grew up playing chess, RTS computer games, and was sort of a military history buff.  I highly recommend this game if that's the kind of stuff you like too."
,Recommended,306660,10486929,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,87th Foot Maj. POTUS,Fun and very nice game worth a buy simple as that hope MP will be added
,Recommended,306660,11329767,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Michael,"its fun, however buggy and the controls are annoying as it feels like a port for a tablet game."
76561198022595659,Recommended,306660,10728220,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,marklar,This game is great. It plays really well in its current form and is quite challenging. I'm hoping for some new features in the future that have to do with unit control and formations (something like total war's right-click and drag to set the line). If you like Civil War history and appreciate historically accurate battlefields this game is for you.
76561198045509603,Recommended,306660,11577066,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Georgi,"By losing, I caused the death of Lincoln. 10/10 would lose again."
76561198057297051,Recommended,306660,10471659,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,CloudHead,Hands down one of the best stratedgy games ever created. Darth and the team at Game Labs have outdone themsselves
,Recommended,306660,11308270,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Gerardus Mercator,Absolutely amazing game. 10/10
76561198005853078,Recommended,306660,10539976,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,MICHKA,"First of all... This game is only in ""beta"", but it make a lot of fun and I like it for that.It´s a very nice game with a superb AI.Now, some points who I like and some points who I see room for improvement(only a small selection)+ superb AI+ Good troop movement (like the moving with arrows)+ nice map+ good and easy to play (nice for afterwork playing)room for improvement* only 5 groups are possible* fire range should be in another colours (maybe red for no range and green for in range)* seperate colour for armycorps, if I click the commander* maybe a counter, who show the various time for the next reinforcementThe developer need a chance to complete this nice product and I hope they take the feedback of the communityto improve this game. That´s the reason why I bought it and I was absolute not disappoint."
76561198054245873,Not Recommended,306660,21007871,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,longnamescomplex GRAVION,"Beat the game, as union with determinated ai, and as confederates determinated boost ai.   played on a hinch cuz i like total war series, quite different,  units tangled in meele can stil shoot, u cant destroy routing enemies,  didnt get the dem lines that describe the ground, and i dont know if a barrague of 2100 bullets fired at a unit with 50% cover and 1000 men, can take just 20 cassualties, well, i just dont expect playing again D;"
,Recommended,306660,12484204,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Clethos,Bought The Game Best Choice EverLet Pettigrew hold the flank best choice 8/8 gr8 b8 m8
76561198141774613,Recommended,306660,18520262,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,2thadome,"Great game, i am actually a direct descendant of Major General Winfield S. Hancock"
76561197965769436,Recommended,306660,10457681,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,zarhadom,"This game is from the developer of one of the best modseries for Totalwar (Darthmod) If that is not recomondation enough the game has wicked ai and is very fun to play!I went into this expecting the ai to be harder compared to the totalwar games, i did not expect to get destroyed quite so handely by the ai.. I lined up my men, tried to flank the enemy artillery expecting the ai to bug out over my ""advanced"" manouvers only to find most of my cav and two full battalions of infantry surrounded behind enemy lines, the north lost many good sons that first day.First game results: Resounding defeat and the confederacy won the battle! (Sorry guys, but it seems you will be picking cotton on the fields for a good while yet. I have failed thee) :(And thats just vs the balanced ai setting!! There are many different settings from cautious to super aggressive! I cant wait to try them all out (And hopefully start winning battles)Edit after some hours of play: Ai is showing some weaknes after you learn the game. Its hard to lose now, and the game spawns armies behind your lines even with me controlling all locations, feels kinda gimicky to increase difficulty. I know armies could come from different directions but not without warning. Also, rivers and other terrain impact the game to little with cannons able to set up in the river and cross rivers without using bridges and so on.. Regardless the ai is still better then anything else out there imo.The game is really fun, and at this price (early access) its a steal!!!G0 buy right now, you wont regret it!!"
,Recommended,306660,12707910,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,whitewolfmxc,"BLOODY HELL , WHAT A GOOD GAME !!! the fact i can literally control historical sized armies and doesnt clog my PC to a crawl , plus tactical map and option of units that are clear and easy to use , i cant point out 1 single thing that i dont like this game , well unless you hate being historical plus realisim , then again why are you playing this game if you hate those ?"
76561197971724802,Recommended,306660,21387454,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg, which, instead of playing out over the course of the entire Civil War, focuses on its most famous confrontation. The game is a lot of fun, blending historic names and locations with alternate courses of events that keep games fresh and exciting. While it might not be concerned enough with its historic accuracy to please those most interested in a history lesson, it’s a game that should be on the radar of anyone with a passing interest in the RTS genre.Ultimate General: Gettysburghandles the flow of its campaign extremely well. Obviously Gettysburg, being a real battle in a real war, had a distinct outcome- the Union defeated the Confederacy on the third day. It’d be pretty boring if players were tied to the ebb and flow of the real battle, but the game instead plays like a choose your own adventure novel. The first battle always starts out the same (except for your choice of playing as the North or South), then after that, depending on how the battle goes, you’re given a few choices on what you want to do next based on how much damage and land each side took in the previous confrontation. You can decide to make your next objective taking over a location to earn Victory Points (basically just number for how strategically valuable different locales are to the overall battle), to protect a certain front, etc. Additionally, unit losses carry over from one campaign battle to the next, meaning that even if you’re dominating there’s still reason to be careful. Thinning out your larger brigade at the end just to finish a little quicker may seem like a good idea, but it’s going to come back to bite you in the next round when the opponents get lots of reinforcements and you’re suddenly overpowered. These combined to make each of the three campaign playthroughs I tried vastly different, which was great.Unlike some strategy games, most forms of resource management aren’t something you’ll have to worry about inUltimate General: Gettysburg. You won’t have to try to be a careful spender, keep track of research trees or raise combatants’ stat points, etc. You don’t even have to worry about what units to produce. In fact, the entire management side is really quite simple. There are only two things you need to keep track of among your soldier groups: morale and condition. Morale is what you’d expect- the willingness to fight.Ultimate General: Gettysburgdoes a great job of being simple enough for anyone to learn in a short sitting, but deep enough to keep you learning and perfecting your tactics deep into subsequent playthroughs.8/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD |GREAT| AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
76561197993052239,Not Recommended,306660,14196063,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,dawgamims,"First battle I played my troops wouldn't stand still for a single minute to fire at the enemy. I then realize there was a ""hold"" command, so after restarting the battle I utilized this command. It helped, but then a single brigade simply ran through my lines. I lost about 50 troops despite flanking them with cavalry. They took almost no losses and preceded to calmly walk through my lines towards the victory point. I tried to charge at them but my troops were too scared to attack their openly exposed flanks. I lost because the enemy used a single brigade, calmly walking it from objective to objective despite being completely exposed to my units. In reality, this would have been suicide. I can't believe I wasted more money on a game that doesn't work (few seem to these days). Avoid this game unless you want to play PC-Cheat Simulator 2014."
76561198007935079,Recommended,306660,13220557,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Darth_Surya,One of the best RTS games I've played in a while!
,Recommended,306660,11709370,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Stuart #MOORE2017,This Game Is utterly amazing. I cannot begin to describe how enjoyable and worth the money this game was. I recommend to all to buy this game.
76561198039856731,Recommended,306660,13743049,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SmeggyEggyDip,When does the Darth mod for this come out?
,Recommended,306660,12649696,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Marina Gasolina,"Civil war nerds this is for you (I would know). Its simple, engaging and fun.MY ONLY COMPLAINT:Line of Sight or ""LoS"" is a huge part of this game. If your units have no line of sight, they won't fire on an enemy even if they are in range. The higher your ground, the better your LoS, so this game is all about capturing the high ground and ridges. Unfortunately, it's not intuitive as to which areas will give you good LoS. I'll fight for the highest ground on the map for half an hour, move my cannons to the top (they are epically slow), ready to blow up evrything in sight and once they get there, for some reason have worse LoS then when they were in their original position. So that can become annoying. I do wish there was a way of ""scouting"" out a position before sending your entire army up a hill and realizing it has no LoS advantage whatsoever. I can't tell if this system is slightly broken or if it's just mastery of incredibly minute movements that get you good LoS once on top of a hill.overall fun game, worth every penny."
76561198008447684,Not Recommended,306660,10753025,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Darkman,"If you can get this for the early access price of $9.99, go for it.  Otherwise, stay away... it has some aggravating issues.The propaganda says ""no more babysitting your units"", untrue.  I found that I absolutely have to micromanage because the AI does such a poor job of handling my units.  Some examples:I've found units with their backs to the enemy (and not facing another enemy unit, nor had I previously issued any facing instructions to this unit).  One time, I watched one of these units to see how long it would remain facing away; it did so until it routed.Sometimes units will go into what I call ""Night Rider"" mode where they constantly change their facing, thus never actually firing on any nearby enemies.I have ordered artillary to fire on units which are in range and in LOS, only to have the artillary advance toward the enemy unit, rather than firing from its current position.I have found artillary firing at distant skirmishers in cover, rather than a nice juicy unit in line formation begging for a dose of cannister.Bottom line, if you can get it cheap, do it.  Otherwise, wait to see if they fix some of these vexing issues."
76561198128974437,Recommended,306660,16452104,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,shobbs001,"it is a great game, it is well worth the 5 bucks, but heads up in muiltiplayer, most maps favor the union, only about 5 maps i find balance and 3 favor the rebels, but campain is amazing no matter who you play as"
76561197990073893,Recommended,306660,15677681,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Hefeweizen,"For a long time cardboard wargamer, this hits the spot.  I just wish I had the time to dedicate to this game, it deserves the attention."
76561197976656272,Recommended,306660,17460077,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Terminal Lance,"This is the game I've been waiting for since Sid Meir's Gettysburg. The AI in this game is pretty incredible. There's about nine different AI ""personalities"" to choose from, and some of them will give you a run for your money.There really isn't anything bad about the game. There is the odd bug but the developers are good about patching things that are brought to their attention. It needs a sequel!"
76561198007290598,Recommended,306660,16482566,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Aivlis Eldelbar,"A small but well rounded RTS, very refreshing in an age where the genre has devolved into Rome 2 and Starcraft 2"
76561198246279712,Recommended,306660,23256466,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ethanmcquivey,This game is priceless Love it so much the strategy is  great.a must buy for civil war and RTS fans!!! I highly recommend this 7/10 because this game is 2D  STAY with me if it was 3D it would stink. I like that you can do the entire Gettysburg battle. I don't like that you cant save the custom battles PLEASE fix this I beg you. also if you need anybody to test your game i'm here thks.see game play herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd5jMw-5fL0p.s if you don't have a lot of time this is the game for you if you have a lot of time this game is also for you cant wait for more in the series.
,Recommended,306660,23227422,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Mrfuzz117,"Very Strategical, I LOVE IT."
,Recommended,306660,31292446,Posted: 22 April,all,Calabresi W,Hard one! Like it!
76561198019417237,Recommended,306660,13807162,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Hauggy,"It's a really fun 2D game the gameplay makes it worth a try and the price is fair.I'm hoping for more battles to be added and really i wish the soldiers had different models seeing the louisiana tigers in grey was depressing.I noticed theres no soldier holding a flag in the line (shame theres just a flying icon) and the amount of soldiers are greatly exagerated compared to what you see on the screen, I mean okay it adds to the gameplay for infantry fights but its incredibly ridiculous when you see an artillery with 4 crew on your screen and it says theres over 20 or 40 soldiers manning the gun... ?!?Artillery seems quite underpowered and canister shots are very very ineffective (*sigh* infantry will wipe your artillery without a problem facing it without even using melee) if you can even use the artillery itself as the crew runs away from the fight when the infantry arrives in range for canister unless you spam the halt button and hold button for each unit and when it routs it usually goes right into the line of fire of the enemy...In overall it's a good game but of course it can't be perfect but it could certainly be a bit better to have troops who offer more diversity than just grey and blue clothes..."
,Recommended,306660,19025173,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Siguy0520,I looooove it! I would be so happy if you made another one but for the whole Civil War! That would be so awesome and I would buy it almost immediately!
76561197979293676,Recommended,306660,10916149,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,sebasforvey,Jueguecillo para pasar el rato
76561198009781456,Recommended,306660,19336239,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ElGato,Total warThis is how you should handle AI;)
,Recommended,306660,33867293,Posted: 28 July,all,Henrī,I love strategy games. Infact strategy is my favorite video game genre. Now ofc I bought this game. It was cheap and about the US Civil War. This is kinda like Total war but well only the one battle (wich is actually kinda long) and not so great visuals.Now I tend to think my self moderete in strategy games but this is hard af
,Recommended,306660,13786916,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Spencinator,"I went into this game thinking i wouldn't like it very much, considering RTS isn't typically my genre of choice. This game definitely surprised me. It is very different, and much better than any other RTS I have ever played.First of all, the game doesn't have rigid movements, like the Civilization series. It is not turn based, you can move freely and whenever you want.  The game also has very nice sound, including guns firing, people murmuring, cannons blasting, and armies yelling ""RETREAT"" when they see you coming near them. The best part about this game is the advanced AI. You can change the AI to your liking at the start of every battle. There are several different choices, ranging from very aggresive to very defensive.Overall, this is an incredibly well made game that is amazing at it's current state, and is sure to get even better as it further develops!8.9/10"
76561198009250344,Recommended,306660,15111570,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,[TNC] Lupus,"Good for a ""short spin"" per say, but it's nothing too special and the controls suck. However, in the light of the background of the game, it's all right."
,Not Recommended,306660,20045333,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,RJNFC,"Frustrating UI, vague commands, and a lack of detail with regard to actual combat damage ruin what could otherwise be a nice little RTS."
76561198204665624,Recommended,306660,16592564,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,driver4101,"A very clean game that fun to play and brings the American Civil War, well Gettysburg to life. Good AI and playablity. You get more than you pay for."
,Recommended,306660,23383070,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ruhollah Jomeini,10/10 will grapeshoot Unionists again. All hail the South!
,Recommended,306660,16565612,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Elevator Music,"I kept yelling ""We'll fight 'em in the trees, we'll fight 'em in the towns!"" over and over again."
76561197988542422,Recommended,306660,16558111,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pk soldier,"The game is fun to play and has little to no learning curve involved.  The AI system is worked out pretty well with each setting have certain strageties that makes each play through different.  If you enjoy strategy games this game is for you.Pros-easy controls-is not wildly inaccurate.  There is no Lee or Meade as they rely on Corps commanders to be on the field.-strong ai system.  It adapts and will constantly outsmart you on harder difficulties-can be played through several times. I have finished the battle on day 1 with less tha  10,000 casualties or on day 4 with over 73,000. There are so many different outcomes-The bonuses for each side are evenly balance (though the US better trained infantry does not make as much sense considering they have been fighting since 1861) thus making it possible for either side to win.Cons-still hard to figure out where artillery needs to be placed.  I spend quite some time just shifting artillery around so they can shell the enemy.-No Full battle or day scenarios.  You cant fight the entire battle of Gettysburg in one go.  The way they have it set up you must fight segments of each day.  Though this can also be seen as a pro as it wouldn't be as hard on the pcs as it would if you had all 160,000 men on the field.-No chance to capture enemy.  In Sid Meier's you could surround an enemy unit and he would surrender giving you extra points and eliminating them from the rest of the game.  They did not put that in this game so it does get frustrating when you incircle Reynolds corps and watch them rout to safety."
,Recommended,306660,20578071,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kiwi Clown,"Very good strategy game, albeit very limited in scope.Lots of opportunity to shout TALLY HO LADS while you charge greybacks."
76561197982991338,Recommended,306660,16855993,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Eagle-My-Beagle *T*R*Y*,"This is Sid Meyer's ""Gettysburg!"" rebuilt in Unity-- more or less.  Units are at brigade level.  It's got all your heroes from reading Bruce Catton under the covers when you were 11:  Iron Brigade, Kershaw, Bucktails, Vincent, Stuart's Cavalry, you name it, its got it.  Battles are scaled up a bit (Little Round Top generally is fought over by about 10,000 men on each side instead of 3,000 Union and 6,000 Confederates).  Union can be overpowered in some configurations.MP is great, but has a few quirks.Some LOS mapping issues, a dead MP map (at the moment). *Update - Map has been fixed*Support from developers is fair, but could be better if you buy the game from them and give them money. *Update - Most recent patch is pretty good and improves balance.*10/10 - Still picking canister shot from my teeth."
,Recommended,306660,16799567,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,}SoC{Scorch,10/10 would offend a yankee with a Confederate Flag again
,Recommended,306660,26142062,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,"I, Cato Sicarius",Still haven't won the first mission.10/10 would make AI too hard again.
,Recommended,306660,11406517,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,John (Wigster600),At £5 it's a steal. A must buy for strategy fans.
76561197972430972,Recommended,306660,16078909,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,TeknoBug,"I'm not sure if I should be playing this on a tablet rather than a PC but it works on PC anyways, even in Linux (which I like).  If you're coming from Total War or Civilization, you may like this game."
76561197978173913,Recommended,306660,17907306,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Major Major Major,dopebois paradise
76561197971354615,Recommended,306660,11417077,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Gunslinger5577,"Great Potential.  Still rough, but it can be the civil war game to have once complete.  Worth the 10$ as is."
,Recommended,306660,12793659,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,molo,"Infuriating, in a compelling way."
76561197975031430,Recommended,306660,12822725,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Rich,Good Game.... but morale and casulaties need to be improved.
,Recommended,306660,12844347,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,VapoMan,"Wellmade, Fun, accurate and a neat artstyle."
76561198163527281,Recommended,306660,12978103,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Joe,"Excellent!  Compares to SMG very favorably.  I was GenReb on the SMG ladder many years ago, made it to 2nd place.Yes, there's more to be done, but it plays very well! Love the graphics!I'd like to see smaller scenarios like we had in SMG..  there were 3 size maps in SMG from skirmish to major battle with play time appropriate for the size of battle.There are obvious small things that need to be improved like the multiplayer GUI but the Developer seems  hard at work on them. I'd like to see chat added also in the matchup room and in the game also.Highly recommended. Come play the game so I can rout you all!"
76561198005904562,Recommended,306660,10439264,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,philipsavory,"Highly recommended. A must for any fan of Microprose's Field of Glory, Sid Meier's ACW games or Napoleon's Last Battle. Fast, fun, yet with a depth of play that makes this challenging for any grognard. A great game, from the creator of Darthmod, the definitive mods for Total War games."
,Recommended,306660,10460306,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,The Tyrant,"Not a bad game, quite a fun battle sim and worth the $10 but unfortunately at times it feels like it would be better on an iPad though. 8/10 as it stands in Early Access."
,Recommended,306660,12104555,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Roger Rimjob,"Wow, this game really challenged me.  I love the Total War series to death, but there are some things that I get out of this game that those could never really achieve.  First off, one of the things I love the most/the bane of my existence, complex moral.  Once a unit is broken, you can almost guarantee it will come back, which really makes it more viable to move your army around, take advantage of situations and also it keeps some units really tied up keeping an eye on the routers.  It’s really interesting to see the men slowly start trickling back and then everyone run for it.  It adds quite the element to the battle.Secondly, I like that the battle is broken down into phases, or days, and that unit sizes and locations (to an extent) carry over day to day.  It’s good to have the map move around like that and between fights I like balancing my options of what my next step should be.  Press my advantage now?  Or wait until tomorrow when I am re-supplied and re-enforced?  It can turn the tide of the battle.I enjoy the fact that both sides are not equal and have their own strengths and weaknesses as well, and that this even works its way down into single units having differences as well.  It makes planning your strategy and setup much more interesting.  This combined with being able to set the AI's difficulty and tendencies is a killer combination.Unit placement can be tricky however, and I would like to be able to see the space my regiment will be occupying with perhaps a hotkey of some kind, and a more cohesive grouping ability would be nice as well.  Sometimes I noticed some units move about on their own, even if they aren’t routing, and I understand this to an extent, but it could be dialed back a tad, it creates more micro-management and can leave holes in your line when a regiment gets excited and charges around for no reason.  Also, I get that high ground provides an advantage, but some more environmental effects would be nice as well.    Aside from unit placement, I think I’m just nit-picking.Overall, I really like the game, I’ve had some intense fights, like the Union holding cemetery in the last quarter of the battle, and me desperately charging them where you could almost hear “I wish I was in Dixie” playing in the background as I captured the hill.  Keeping in mind the game is early access I give it 7.5/10, but I expect on full release this will get bumped up by 1/1.5 points or so.  To anyone who enjoys strategy, this is a fun, cheap game that has already given me hours of fun.  I recommend it strongly."
76561198001646306,Not Recommended,306660,24329777,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Galagon,"The battle mechanics are pretty good, I'll give it that, but its so limited in scope as to make it repetitive after the first level. Seems like its target audience are people who know more about Gettysburg than I do. If you are both a fan of Total War-style battles and American Civil War history it might be worth the price tag, but I can't reccomend it unless you are into both."
,Not Recommended,306660,13794488,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Alliedwar,"I am so confused by the reviews on this game. I've played it and it reminds me so much of what I hated about the archaic Close Combat games from Microsoft. Dumb player controller unit AI. You move your units and select for them to take an action and nope, they decide to do something completely different which inevitably ends in their death always."
76561198006782018,Recommended,306660,11108824,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Tyrannical Tyler,Excellent game. Even in it's early access phase. Highly reccomended for those who enjoy RTS games or civil war buffs.
,Recommended,306660,16874019,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Libertygeek,"I have to say that so far this is one of the coolest titles that I have played.  It is very relaxing for an arm chari general.  I really like the flow of it.  The look of the game is super.  It really feels like you are watching a documentary or reading a textbook covering a historic battle.  The game is smooth.  Looking at it at first glance it seems overly simple but honestly there is a lot to consider when playing.  The beauty to me is that the UI is so clean and out of the way.  It is so refreshing to have a strategy game that allows me to direct my troops without having to drill thru a thousand and one levels to do so or pull me out of the game with and overly complex UI.   I very much hope to see other battles covered both from this and other wars.  As much of a Paradox fan as I am and enjoy grand strategies, sometimes it is refreshing to have a strategy game like Ultimate General: Gettysburg where you can just sit back and plan the battles and not have to overly worry about the logistics.   Yes I know that logistics is a huge part of real world battles, but thank goodness I don't fight real world battles."
,Recommended,306660,10435122,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Praetor,"this game is exactly what says it is and that is a good thing, while the controls were a bit odd at first it soon seemed natural.  A solid first game in the ip. I would certainly be interested in seeing more battles, or a full campaign, with in the time period or beyond it."
,Recommended,306660,10435350,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Lemonsquid,Probably best indie game iv ever purchased. Will be adding more as I continue playing
,Recommended,306660,10435277,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,MrPhil,"It may be Early Access, but it has a solid playable campaign and it is fun!  Do I have to point out it is gorgious looking?!  At only $10 you'll think the Summer Sale came early! BUY NOW!"
76561198091613577,Recommended,306660,10435771,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,scabacious,so easy to play and so visually tasty!  this game has been totally worth the wait!
76561198152320946,Not Recommended,306660,24346201,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ericfolio,Serious problems with AI continue.  I've been playing this game for over two years and would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,306660,25433767,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,livedhealer16,"I have played this game off and on for the last two years, I have got to say I like the game in some instances. I enjoy the game when it is not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.THIS IS A GREAT GAME! BUT IT CAN BE REALLY FRUSTARATING.It is in the instances in which the game's battle programming screws up, that I get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.I do not reccommend this game based off of its AI, simply because I cannot tell whether or not my troops are about to get massacred by some lucky barrage of musket fire from an enemy unit, in the forest, on the other side of a hill. Another thing, cannons are terrible in this game in places that they absolutely shouldn't. I could be firing a solid cannon shot onto an open field of units and it doesn't do a thing. The only time I have effectively used cannons are when the enemy gets into close quarters with them and I use cannister shot or grapeshot. This drives me up the wall because I cannot figure out the point of having cannons if all they really can do is act as an extremely vulnerable shotgun.Despite the game having hills and forests and a map to kind of show you the elevations of everything, I still can't figure out if my units are on top of a ridge or hill or if they are just cresting it, this is more of a personal issue I suppose but I can't figure out where to position my troops. This causes me to take massive calcusties or I am not able to get an optimal position.DESPITE ALL OF THAT, I still enjoy the game simply because there is nothing else of its kind."
76561197975674876,Not Recommended,306660,24429179,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,GG Medijokur,"Sadly this game is quite boring. Also, the brave southern soldiers run like little girls after 1 volley? The morale system is hard to understand, to say the least.."
76561197986542246,Recommended,306660,12669693,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Jarl Corpse,Best strategy / Battle game i ever played!!
76561198007375452,Recommended,306660,14382828,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Roman Torchwick,"It's not Sid Meier's Gettysburg, but it's one of the better strategy games I've played in a long time.  Can't wait for co-op!"
76561198003181145,Recommended,306660,18465308,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,jcarrdive,"Great concept and game, need more battles and scenarios. campaign for whole years would be great."
,Recommended,306660,10462237,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,IrishEyes,"This game is interesting.  Unlike Total War, you must take objectives that are marked on the map to win.  Total War battles are last man standing, instead of a more historically accurate, taker of the field.  Simply take and hold the stronger positions and the enemy will eventually rout.  The AI is incredibly smart, and you must be wary of such a foe.  I give this game 4 stars out of 5."
76561198041775699,Recommended,306660,12228173,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,baronbillyglide,"Game is awesome!  I love how the makers focused on terrain and cover for your units, that along with reloading gives it an almost realistic feel.  Also, it's educational in a way, the detailed maps give you a real idea of how the battle might have been.  Next time I read about the historical battle, I have a better understanding of how the ridges and hills played a big role.  Really fun to play, it's a challenge, but not so much that it gets frustrating.  My only complaint is that it just covers one battle, I hope they make a new game that covers the whole civil war, or at least more of the main battles, Chanceslorsville, Shiloh, Manassas, ect.  Also, they could do Waterloo and the Napolonic Wars as well.  Hope to see more."
,Recommended,306660,12577279,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,☭ jumin121 ☭,"Great game with hours of fun, I have been playing since august and love it"
76561198059438581,Recommended,306660,15598431,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Tsukumogami,"Brilliant tactical gameplay. The battles are like the total war series, but far better executed in my opinion. The way soldiers charge, break and reform is awesome. It is very difficult to cause a full blown rout, but units will be broken, retreat, and usually reform once they are out of harms way. The balance of morale is in my opinion stunning, and is one of my favorite things about the game.Obviously, the only battle is Gettysburg, split into several scenarios depending on how things go. The battle is immensely enjoyable to me, but if you have no interest in the american civil war, you may not find it so interesting. All in all, I recommend this game, as I feel it is superbly balanced, and a lesson in how to do tactical battles right."
76561197970921187,Recommended,306660,10506282,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,darthfergie,"EARLY ACCESS THOUGHTS AS OF 6/17/14So far so good. Especially since they are saying it's just 70% done.Love:1. I love the clear unit control. Really well done here. I feel like I have all the control I could possibly need. I really didn't feel like a needed grouping and group formations with all that I was given.2. The condition + moral meters. This is huge. A unit may have high moral, but if their condition is low and they are worn out they're going to get it in the face pretty quick. I really enjoyed that mechanic and balancing the reseverse with the main attack. I'm impressed.3. The scenarios are well paced to me. Really interesting with one scenario taking up from the next. It never really feels overwhelming. And sure you may lose ground on day one, but you've made them pay in blood which will be felt later in the scenarios. Love it.Improvements:1. Need a quick movement and fire tutorial. Possibly in the form of a little drilling minigame. Went several scenarios without realizing I could rotate troops without using the movement arrow. (admittedly I probably should have looked on the forum which I did later, but still, it would be a nice improvement)2. Minimap. I've had small holding actions on one front turn into something bigger by accident as the AI decides to press the advantage while my attentenion is diverted. Meaning that that unit soon gets surrounded and shredded. Then again I guess that did happen back then so yeah, but it would be nice to have a full picture at a quick glance.Hate:1. Artillery sight lines. I had a lot of trouble trying to position my artillery with proper sight lines. I routinely moved them to places that I thought should be perfect and I ended up not being able to see the front at a crucial time.2. Artillery targeting. I felt like I couldn't really command artillery to focus fire properly either. I wanted to weaken up a flank or keep some troops pinned down, but I never felt fully in control of the artillery fire.Other than that I'm really shocked how good this game is so far. Well done. $10 well spent in my opinion."
76561198108850828,Recommended,306660,10517150,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,CallMeMaybe,"Awesome game, total worth the purchase. its challenging but fair and has a lot of historical info which i really like. Can't wait to see what they do with this game!"
,Recommended,306660,12692023,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,WesleyW96,"One of the best games I've ever played, I always loved strategy games and this has become one of my favorites.I heard from people it was from the maker of DarthMod so I thought by myself let's give it a try and I don't regret it, the 12€ are totally worth it!I recommend this game because I like the morale system and the pros and cons of the Union and Confederacy also you'll get different scenarios in the battle of Gettysburg if you lose or win, at one point you get also the chance to wait and rest or just go and attack.Are you going to be an ultimate general?"
,Recommended,306660,14380667,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,lj3online,"Very fun, very solid strategy game. This game is different than an RTS, it is true strategy. Micromanagement won't win you the day here, only wit and good tactics."
76561197982127086,Recommended,306660,18604443,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Gen.Victim,Ultimately the Question is: Do you draw Satisfaction by drawing Arrows on a map?
76561198065097007,Recommended,306660,10458868,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,DeliriousTheMysterious,"Fun game, at times it has its bugs but fun. Lots of Plebs 9/10"
76561198008368292,Recommended,306660,14362176,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Jega Grant,Love this game.  The developers need to make this engine into a full Civil War scenario.
76561197998344737,Not Recommended,306660,21927045,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Barrel,"I'm pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with the amount of bugs in this, units just becoming unresponsive, units refusing to fire, units refusing to move or engage. Maybe I am unlucky but ruined a couple of substantial saves now... don't really understand how units are able to sometimes fire from behind another friendly unit and yet other times unable to do so from exactly the same position and need to alter position. It's not a bad game but so long after release you would think so named on the forums ""extremely rare bugs"" would actually you know happen less often.."
,Recommended,306660,12520254,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,-NA's Finest- Tomakaze,"This is a great new strategy game that gives you the best value for money.  With the various AI personalities and multiplayer, the game has excellent replay value.I played the Sid Meier's version of this battle and it set the bar very high.  In many respects, Ultimate General  has already surpassed that venerable game, but there is still work to do.  This game lays a foundation for better things to come and with such a dedicated developer, will become a cult classic.  And maybe with its price, it can find its way into the mainstream."
76561197990775100,Not Recommended,306660,24708507,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,hvy_mettle,"The graphics are ok but that's about it.  Little attention paid to realities of actual civil war combat so the battle simulation is terrible.  They decided to use brigades instead of regiments as the basic tactical formation with no options to alter the basic formation.  The AI units inflict disporportionate casualties on a player and it takes over 75% casualties to cause an AI unit to break.  Fought one scenario where the Texas brigade started with 1700 and was down to 300 before it broke.  Player units break after 10% casualties.  AI artillery is too good and the player artillery is useless, choosing its own targets despite orders.  The ranges on the various munitions make no sense, shells which are only fired from rifle cannon have a much longer range than the game suggests and canister is not outranged by infantry fire.  The AI units frequently fire from out of range positions and the cannon are able to fire indirectly over obstructions from masked positions the player can't see.  This game will not help anybody understand the battle of Gettysburg, test battle alternatives, or grasp the reality of Civil War combat.  I don't recommend this game."
76561197997401798,Recommended,306660,11500520,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,darrelball,"This is one of the best, if not the best,  civil war games to come out in years.  Very close to Sid Miers with improved graphics and mechanics.  First game I bought into still in development and have to say I have no regrets.  Although the game only allows limited play, the play is flawless.  I have had no crashes or freezes.  Updates are being pushed out constantly and none have been a step back. Hope to see more from this developer in future."
76561197997423371,Recommended,306660,13747838,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TEFLON DON 永遠のトランプ,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg is an excellent strategy game, you get to take command of either Union or Confederate forces during the battle of Gettysburg. The controls are unusually easy and simple for a strategy game, after your first battle you should have them down pretty good. The art style is unique and fits the game perfectly. Developers give a great deal of support for the game. Bugs/crashes in the game are a rarity (only have suffered one crash in my 28 hours of playing)If you're a Civil War buff, or just want a game where you can line up hundreds of men and let them fire guns at eachother with no cover (LIKE ME :D!) then this is the game for you!Overall, great game and I hope the developers add into the Ultimate General franchise."
76561197978463265,Recommended,306660,13800487,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Vespasian,Fun Game! Need more maps ASAP!
76561198005591766,Not Recommended,306660,15659694,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Spartan10k,"Honestly not a very fun game.  Not only did they not get the flag right (indicating a lack of research into the history), but the mechanics are not very well thought out.  For instance, artillery often won't shoot at what you tell it to, even if it has LOS."
76561198021480635,Not Recommended,306660,22087033,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,StoicRobot5403,A promissing game made unplayable by a terrible control scheme.  I was very hopeful for this one.
76561198160605741,Not Recommended,306660,21258342,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Bucktail,The game is good but at the same time very VERY frustrating. The Texas Brigade is WAY overpowered and takes no hits compared to whatever brigade is up against it. An entire Corp can be carried by the Texas Brigade  while the Texns will take about 5 hits. Not even canister shot seems to phase them. It's a shame to spend an hour and a half fighting a battle just to get hammered by this untouchable unit.  Time to change this!
,Recommended,306660,12613642,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Templar,"Pros:Challenging single player-realistic feeling-AI-well thought through game mechanics-Absolutely fantastic multiplayerCons:Can be quite overwhelming at first-Unit formations flip out around steep hills and it looks ugly, despite having little effect on gameplay-not enough people to shrek in multiplayer (although it WAS 3:00am on game launch day I guess)I've been a fan of Darth and his mods for some years, so buying his game was a given. And I don't regret a single cent, everything I ever wanted from a large scale strategic game. Whether you favour sneaky flanks or straightforward charge under the generals whip, this game let's you do it all, no forced meta, just a battle of witts. In the multiplayer it's your battlefield entirely and you can engage in one of the most fun strategic experiences I've had up to date."
76561198039389068,Recommended,306660,14391738,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,MidNightWalker,"awesome, very challenging."
76561198012566015,Recommended,306660,14438155,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,mr.c,"Straight up strat. No  building, no b.s. Just fight!  YeaaaaaaaaWould love to see expansion. More maps. different battlefields maybe. Mostly more.great game. highly recomend it."
76561198006714236,Recommended,306660,10486037,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,ozkat (VegasOZ),The Finest Civil War Battle game ever produced. Period.
76561198007508904,Recommended,306660,10554798,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Confederate,"I am an graduate student of Military History, and my emphasis is the American Civil War.  I find Ultimate General: Gettysburg to be historically accurate concerning the units involved and their positions on the Gettysburg battlefield.  I find this game quite enjoyable and easy to learn, while at the same time offering a challenge.The mechanics of Ultimate General: Gettysburg make for a fun and easy-to-learn/hard-to-master game.  The difficulty selection allows for a player to choose between a variety of AI opponent playstyles, from Cautious Defender to Ambitious Attacker.  The user interface is easy to learn and frees the player to focus on strategic concerns.  The AI are smart and will take advantage of weaknesses in player strategy.  Artistically, UG:G gives the player the feeling that they are the supreme commander of their army looking at their battlemap.This game is definitely not for everyone.  Persons who are not interested in strategy will not enjoy this game.  Persons who are more interested in graphics and visual entertainment will not enjoy this game.  Strategy gamers interested more in realistic tactics than graphics will enjoy this game.In conclusion, I give this game a rating of 8 out of 10.  My reason for dropping 2 points is that I would like to see more battles than just Gettysburg.  Perhaps in future updates the developers could add more historic battles."
76561198012151970,Recommended,306660,10580106,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Vamboozle,"High hopes for this game when I first saw it.....and I've been pleasently surprised.Looks good & plays well.At one level it appears really simple (a few mouse clicks and buttons to control) yet at the other it incredibly complex (units acting as they should - even if it's not what you want, AI seems a lot cleverer than it should be).Really hoping this becomes a series"
76561198018628381,Recommended,306660,13762701,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,penguins2223,AWESSSOOMMEE!!!!!
76561198014465035,Recommended,306660,15994137,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,bohemeth,Great tactical game for civil war fans. I would like to see other major battles incorporated as mods or DLC.
76561198007558762,Recommended,306660,12280754,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Captain57,"Very fun, easy to play and great strategy. I highly recommend this game."
76561198021013266,Recommended,306660,12470583,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,onward_christian_soldiers,nice game. reminds me alot of Sid meiers gettysburg a bit.With everything there is room for improvement. i think instead of circling the units there should just be a drag box. also there should be an option to turn of and on the arrows. in someways they are hlpful insomeway they are not. overall i wiull recommend this game onehundred percent. i just hope the full game once this is complete is good for budget
,Recommended,306660,13761943,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,RageSteel,Wow -- I rarely jump in to rate a game so soon but I'm very impressed with the mechanics/art direction/flow.If you're a CW buff then absoultely get this game. Well well well done!Want to find out if there are other games in the series that use this game's mechanics.
76561198000866080,Recommended,306660,14357783,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Sandstorm,Will they run? Can this line of brave men hold? This game succeeds in challenging you and is quite intense .The controls are beter than most other games and the American civil war vibe is completely there.I'm now 21 hours in and still enjoying it. This game is especially suited for people with not much time on their hands because battles are not long-winded.
76561197991480145,Recommended,306660,14419039,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Boarsnouts,"One of the best games on steam, a masterpiece."
76561198012240114,Not Recommended,306660,20012069,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,tsb_tatum,"Love the Game but need to be able to slow game down, how are you suppose to come up with strategy in 10 minutes at lest allow people to set a time limit of what you want it to be, it always seems right when i get ready to form a strategy, game is over .very frustrating.,I would give 2 thumbs up and recommendation if only battles would last longer then 5 min. please add custome time lenghts and i will play again."
76561197978524092,Recommended,306660,12076772,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Mad-dog,Sid Meiers GettysBurg on steroids! Well played sirs..
76561198088246947,Recommended,306660,12709339,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,kiely403,Its a very good game that keeps you on your toes as the AI can change and adapt.
,Recommended,306660,17688251,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,SigSamurai,Ah Gettysburg. A game where you can kill rebels over and over again. 10/10 USA flags. Union forever.  We won. Rebels can eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197971719613,Recommended,306660,18537266,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,azimmerli,One of the best Civil War games out there!
76561198049605476,Recommended,306660,12289383,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Peabody,Great game!  Improving weekly.
76561198021752107,Recommended,306660,10575842,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Skittles,"We NEED more strategy games like this!The AI is actually smart, you could almost believe it was another player,the art style and sound effects are beautiful,and it actually understands how combat of it's era works.Amazing."
76561198030937485,Recommended,306660,11143999,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Odoacer,"I have been unable to get the game to run on my Mac.  I haven't gotten any feedback yet either to fix the issue.  Looks like a good game, but as it doesn't run, I recommend avoiding.Update: The game runs fine with the Steam Overlay turned off.  Therefore I changed my rating.  :)"
76561197999931471,Recommended,306660,12621325,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,jamm370,very good game !!
76561198085106005,Recommended,306660,12647165,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,mike_kunke,"As I posted elsewhere, great game and AI. Would love to see Antietam, Chancellorsville, and Shiloh using this architecture."
76561198093099092,Recommended,306660,12716192,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SuperstitiousTwat,"This game is just gorgeous. I saw it while surfing on steam and i bought it a few gameplay videos later.What a beauty, not just because of its look also and especially because of its simplicity. There are not fifty buttons to push, not a complicate camera to handle with, you just have to concentrate on the battle. I miss that consequense in many big strategy titles nowadays. Reading the terrain, placing your troops in a good tactical position and then striking the enemy are the most important things in Ultimate General. And with that innovative steering feature it works so well.Not to mention what a great AI this game has. Normally, i suck at online multiplayer, but here i have done two matches, lost the first one very tight and won my second match against much more expierencend players (four and five stars). So the game rewards you for a good tactical performance and the brilliant AI trains you very well in it.Sure, there could be a better tutorial for beginners and more multiplayer maps. It is also obvious, that the placement of troops on hills look a little curious sometimes. But i think, the team will fix this in the next time.Overall a great title and for me one of the best games this year. Thanks to Nick Thomadis and his team for such a great gaming experience. Can't wait to see more things to come for Ultimate General!"
,Recommended,306660,13692431,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Patrick,"Wonderful game. Easy to learn, difficult to master, as they say. I would rather they make as many as possible from this basic concept then develop it too much. Here are some suggestions... ;)List of battles 1801–1900from Wikipedia, maybe a vote? :)"
76561198067594374,Not Recommended,306660,21436014,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,bamfolafsson,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg is not a game that I would recommend to someone. I did not like the controls, the pacing was to slow, and the AI is unremmarkable."
76561198097824405,Not Recommended,306660,14099000,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Wadelaney3,I was pretty underwhelmed. It seems the best strategy to this game is to just keep throwing soldiers at the enemy. I played the Union and it the first few battles I was making moves and trying to for some type of strategy. In a few of the later battles I just let it run without doing anything and I still won. Maybe in the future there will be expansions but I don't feel there is much gameplay to this. The maps and UI are terrific though.
,Not Recommended,306660,33663072,Posted: 19 July,all,Caotico09,"SOOOO close to being great. But boosted AI makes this game annoying as hell.Why you would like this game:+ Realistic terrain, units, and replication of movements in the battle of Gettysburg,+ Changing battles depending on outcomes of last battle.Why you won't like this game:- Only Gettysburg. Can complete game in ~5-7 hours.- There is weird mechanics where units behind, or slightly behind others (including your cannons) dont do damage. This makes sense reallisticly, but given the limited movement commands available makes the game extremely hard to play.- AI is boosted. AI FRIGGIN CHEATS. It is so obvious and annoying, even on medium, that AI units have modifiers to do more damage. This elimates the 'fun' factor of the game. Let me give examples:If you set up a unit 1v1, have defensive advantage, and have high morale, and outnumber the enemy 1500 to 1300, after ~10 minutes you will have lost twice the number of units as the AI. EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. It takes right at 3x the men to be able to gain a slight positive in straight up skimishes.AI cannons will shred your units. While your own cannons do only modest damage.I sent 6000+ units against 1500, (i have a posted screenshot). The 1500 were reduced to 700 but didnt break. Meanwhile, the 1500 units forced 2 of my battalions to flee. WTF."
76561198008021653,Not Recommended,306660,15638468,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,stonedogger57,could be a much better game if the battle lines were saved from day to day...sick of capturing objectives then losing them because the battle ends and the game resets the lines.
76561197970384487,Not Recommended,306660,16537297,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Poltsi,"The campaign is really short, like 3 battles long + there's no map edior of any sort. If this had map editor to change maps it could be fun to customize Napoleon's campaign or something.. without editor this is quite dull experience. The summer sale's price of 3 e is still an ""okay"" price."
,Not Recommended,306660,25007076,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Mr.,"Warning: Grammar is a bit off, I have a hard time seeing the text clearly as it strains my eyes with the light text on this charcoal grey background...When I first picked up this game, I was quite excited. Why? This game is developed by the modder who created Darthmod, who basically perfected Empire: Total War. But even this developer too made the same mistake some total war games suffer. The units do not listen to you and have a mind of their own. This makes the game extremely frustrating and tedious to play.When will I change this review? When there is more player control. One way to fix this is to maybe add a option to disable AI or unit behavior that constantly causes my troops to do stupid things I did not order them to do. Another thing, more formations because everything is rigid to just huge blocks. Like maybe a column formation that increases movement speed or a rest option to allow more control over morale. I have played many wargames and there is a much better way to calculate morale instead of treating it like a water filter that becomes half-full because of a few shots. This can even be expanded in DLC is if that is needed, but as is this game is frustrating and a chore to play at times.Final note: This game is great, i've played many games and a variety of wargames set in the civil war. This game is definitely unique and is fantastic to play at any time of the day if you want a casual experience, and as a wargamer I appreciate this type of game because I play many games similar to it. I hope the development team can take some of this points and review them and implements at least some of this changes, if not all of them. Thanks for reading."
76561198021607690,Recommended,306660,19270140,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,WASP8498,"This game is amazing! Very enjoyable and replayable. It has dynamic strategic gameplay with many factors affecting the effiecientcy of the troops' performance in combat. Such as terrain, condition of your troops and cover. I dont play much of the multiplayer mainly because you cant find many people to play against and it's not always as challenging as fighting the most difficult ai; it also doesnt last more than one battle, but the single player in this has never been better. This game's last update(Nov. 23rd, 2015) has made this game superb. It now has challenging ai that can actually do some damage to you and can make moves that you would and that can survive the whole battle of Gettysburg. This is one of the best strategy games I have ever played.  9/10"
76561198003291719,Recommended,306660,12676963,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Reklin,"Absolutely wonderful!This is a very playable game, that will survive countless replays. The love of the story matter comes through clearly.The game is very unique in the way it handles men and their actions. It is extremely hard to destroy anything as units will generally attempt not to be destroyed (run away).  Units melt from adversity.. and reform.. and can be put back in the battle until they run again.While I truly hope that the multiplayer expands to include a campaign mode.. and perhaps the rest of the war.. this game stands already on its on, and deserves high praise."
,Not Recommended,306660,29812555,Posted: 9 February,all,Tanelorn,"1/10. The videos make it look lovely and complex. But when you play it is horrible. Units constantly refusing to hold good positions. Constant micromanagement because artillery will sit and ignore targets which are well within their clear line of sight. Micromanage, micromanage, micromanage to compensate for terrible AI that refuses to do anything intelligent and generally just wants to run home to mama. I was very hopeful getting this game and was severely disappointed."
76561198026829916,Not Recommended,306660,16587151,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,pwss,"Some might remember  Sid Meier's Gettysburg  from 1997.  Ultimate general version is not much different.Is it innovative? NO.Is it complex? NOIs it simply? YesIt would be nice as a Tablet RTS for killing time.You might still give it a try during summer sale, as I did."
,Recommended,306660,19277361,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Koyukuk,The best battle simulator that I've ever played.  I had previously played his darthmods for the Total War games and this shows his understanding of great gameplay in this style of game.
76561198019219227,Recommended,306660,10809120,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[XIII] Vindictus Vorn,"I love this game!it is easy to learn, yet a challenge.The variety of AI you can select for your AI opponents difficulty is awesome.Historically accurrate and beautiful map.The battles are more realistic than total war IMHO.In a nutshell this game is a joy for me to play."
76561198138594086,Recommended,306660,19826014,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Cameron Chaffee,"Love the game, highly reccomend, It really gives a perspective on how many men died in the civil war, and also the supriorty of the southern troops.The game play is constant, a true RTS, if i ignore one part of the map for too long my men will have been engaged but that said the troops AI pretty good. love the game deffintly worth the 15$"
76561198004278434,Recommended,306660,12635796,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,cooneythegreat,"Amazing strategy game with an equally great price tag. The AI is where this game really shines, presenting a unique challenge with every play through, where each decision you make carries on to the next phase and potential outcome of the battle. I find there to be an increased level of consideration with every decision I make in a battle, knowing that the order I give may cause the unit to be too fatigued or low on manpower to prove effective for the other phases of the battle."
,Recommended,306660,15671726,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,m0s,"""Pettigrew, you coward, come back!"""
76561198013169416,Recommended,306660,12717105,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,RLaumeyer,"A fun game, easy and fast."
76561198059340758,Recommended,306660,25577816,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Cyklope,"Nice game but not worth the pricePros- Rather good graphics and nice ambient sounds- Easy and quick-to-get shortcuts- Challenge good enoughCons- Really tiny units, most of the time it's difficult to understand what they're doing- Tinier the unit, bigger the difficulty to manage it- Very short gameThis game could have been better if units had been bigger. Get it only with a big discount."
76561198009574921,Not Recommended,306660,17528341,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Oksbad,Very clunky control sceme ruins everything.
76561198007793081,Not Recommended,306660,29572394,Posted: 29 January,all,stryker2600,"Confederates are underpowered. Putting an entire Corp (3-5 infantry divisions) attacking on an open field against one Union Division (not a Corp) located in some trees results in the Union Division winning. You have to win through maneuvers, you can't bash the other side away. Also, Confederate charges don't work, and that is supposed to be the strength of the South. Easy wins if you want to play as the Union, but not a balanced gameplay."
,Recommended,306660,10434885,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Bryter,"Sunk 2 hours into this game tonight and don't regret a moment. Excellent game for war gamers and civil war buffs. At no point in time did I feel like I was playing an early access game...though it does show on the menu...but who the hell cares about that?As far as the game play goes, it has shades of Sid Meier's Gettysburg for sure, but that is in no way a bad thing. The addition of strategic choice between the individual phases is a nice touch and definitely beats the usual chaining of one scenario to the next."
76561197993376653,Recommended,306660,10435236,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Kung Fu Fist,Fabulous Civil War simulation. Real time makes it much better than turned based and adds urgency. Map of Gettysburg is fantastic.
,Recommended,306660,12516918,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Half life Expert,"This is a very fun game. Granted it is only the battle of Gettysburg, but it is split into 80 or so secenarios of historical and What if? situationsI highly recommend this one"
76561198149698561,Recommended,306660,13647207,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MegaHitler 1000,8/8 m8 ign decent game will drink again
,Recommended,306660,12693391,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Valco82,Unique and powerful game takes skill if you put it on a harder mode and enjoyable. I've replayed it a number of times as each time offers something diffrent and new tactics/capture points result in diffrent battles and outcomes. Just awesome civil war game I hope they make more!
76561198255489589,Recommended,306660,19197581,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Nafe,This game is fast becoming a successor to the legendary title 'Sid Meier's Gettysburg.'
76561198028033364,Recommended,306660,12482989,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Mr. Bauch,"One of the best strategy games I've ever played, nothing else to say, worth every single cent."
,Recommended,306660,10471990,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Lieutenant A.Kouassi,"Excellent AI and in depth strategy. Much potential and a very experienced team, this game will definitely satisfy hardcore and casual strategy gamers out there. If you are a fan of ACW then this also might be for you. There are several Ai types and decision making that provides a dynamic and complex opponent within the realms of the game. Do not underestimate the power of your opposition as you will be surprised. This game is not your every day strategy game. The core principles and mechanisms of this game are exactly what is needed for a true challenge.The game itself for being at Early Access stage is fully functional and doesn't have any major issues, not any i have encountered anyway. If you are fimiliar with the Total War Series and Darth Series Mods, Then I am sure you will enjoy the progress of this game as it is the man himself who put all of this together along with his team. Good job and looking very good for future."
76561198007911957,Not Recommended,306660,20799117,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,zippo-down,Not as good as Sids
76561198240574178,Not Recommended,306660,20921130,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,The Knight of Demo,"Honestly I like this Game, but there are some things in here that have been frustrating me alot. Firstly i've been playing this game all weekend coming up with strategys on how i can improve taking positions, holding positions, taking the fewest amount of casualties possible and ideal places to put my artillery. Well its gotten to the point of I just cant understand why units i face take little to no casualties whenever I have them flanked and being shot at by superier numbers but when I put a 2 or 3 star unit ontop of a well fortifeid position they just get creamed by whatever they decided to pit against it. the csualties that some units take is ridiculous, especilly when im facing one unit with 3 of my own (one engaging the front with the other 2 on its flanks) and still doing roughly 30 causalties with every volley while they do about 80-100 to my men. I love this game its on the right track but youve gotta fix the causualty ratio and how much damage artillery is actually doing."
76561198007217925,Recommended,306660,12670581,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,geoffarmstrong555,totally awesome game... can not wait to see the next realease
,Recommended,306660,11739919,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Izzatso?,This Game is awesome. Best RTS Battle since Scourge of War.With 9 AI Levels you can play it in the Style you like from Relaxed to Click/Drag Fest.For 7.49 € it's a Steal and a non Brainer Buy.
76561197987073739,Recommended,306660,11702191,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Hash_Slinging_Slasher,"I never, i repeat never, buy games at full price, it’s almost an obsession, sometimes i buy games i might not otherwise have bought just cuz there on sale. Then i saw this game. I am a huge fan of history and i love the civil war, so i started to consider this game, watched a youtube video, when i saw it was the guy who did the mod for total war, i bought it FOR FULL PRICE! The only game in my collection that was bought at retail. This game is awesome, whenever i read a new book on the civil war i always study those diagrams of movements and tactics. This game is laid out exactly like those pictures, except you control it! The gameplay feels smooth, and can cause you to exceute some pretty advanced offensive strategies by accident just because it feels natural(pincers, flanking, oblique attacks). The graphics are good and so is the art style. I wish there were more maps, but that might be stupid of me since the game has Gettysburg in the title. I hear people say its 10 bucks for one level, well, one battle that can be played 8 million ways so its up to you if you like that. $10 is a lot for me to spend on a game, but since it is an indie dev i was more than happy too. This game is only for fans of strategy games and history otherwise you will bore quickly. 7.1/10"
76561197970860897,Recommended,306660,12533076,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Custer701,I can only say that I've more than got my money's worth with this game and had a whole lot of fun playing.  It takes an old familiar battle and breathes new life and innovative gameplay techniques into the mix. An absolute must have for any serious strategy fan.
,Recommended,306660,10443366,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Smelty,"I play a lot of strategy war games, lots of them. this is one of them"
76561198077337883,Recommended,306660,15680478,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Bill Clinton,"What I do when I play this game:Selecet the Union.Scream ""THIS ONES FOR THE ALAMO!""Force my soldiers into hand to hand combat.Apologize to my neighbors for the screaming.Rethink my life."
76561198039358008,Recommended,306660,19094893,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Monlith,pls devin's videttes - 175 meni see about 20pls
,Recommended,306660,20430020,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Dirty Dan,Best Reatreat Simulator I've ever played. 10/10 would retreat again.
76561198022514008,Recommended,306660,20114498,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Blastom,"Great on making the soldiers more persons than mindless robots, so you won't need to kill everybody to take a hill top."
76561198293325944,Not Recommended,306660,22388918,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,kriskaonis,"This would be a good game but when you play the computer it's very lopsided no matter which side you play. The computer gets all kinds of hidden batteries, not on their army list, that pummel your army right from the start and you cannot target them. Also, the players brigades are constantly retreating, yet you can throw up to 5 brigades at one enemy brigade and expect to have all 5 retreat and the computer brigades rarely retreat. A player's brigade vs. a computer brigade of similar size always goes to the computer - no matter what. The computer gets way too many advantages which is very aggrivating and takes away from the authenticity as well."
76561198055369580,Not Recommended,306660,21953971,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Dayrahl,"I WANT MY MONEY BACK.. SOO APARENTLY  DEVINS SKIRMS BY then 400 strong can take Davis 2000+ men  on in a melee ahhahhahahahah81 morale, 91 contition id already had then wipped too wtf fix THIS  IT'"
76561197995576025,Recommended,306660,19469040,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ForBonusScore,"If you enjoyed the late 90's ""Sid Meier's Gettysburg!"", you'll love this game. It's impossible to say this isn't influenced by it. While Meier's offered a greater level of control over regimental tactics e.g. formations, orders, etc., Ultimate offers a more streamlined approach to orders which lets you enjoy/evaluate the big picture instead of micromanaging your units. The map is beautiful, and terrain plays a big part in making decisions. Scenarios directly influence each other, with unit positions and strength carrying over. If I have any criticisms, it's that cavalry is useless for anything except scouting your flanks. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of RTS, maps, or the history behind the Battle of Gettysburg."
,Recommended,306660,19514545,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MattBlueshift,Yes its good. Why wouldn't it be?
,Recommended,306660,30227001,Posted: 27 February,all,Kenneth,"Good game, kinda hard though"
76561198025440474,Not Recommended,306660,16500119,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MadQuills,"I love strategy games and the thought of an indie making one with inuitive, real time controls based on the American Civil War was highly enticing.Not speed slider bar though makes it play out in almost real time which is excruciating dull after the first ten minutes.Would rather dress up for a reenactment.3/10 would secede from the Union again."
76561198083414079,Recommended,306660,12527714,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Fronto,Just a recommedation from me; It's well worth the money I'd say.
76561198168893148,Recommended,306660,32972731,Posted: 28 June,all,Brigadier General Brown,Love it. Absolutely love it.
76561198258336583,Recommended,306660,33524294,Posted: 13 July,all,Aaron_Connor,good game
76561198007460768,Recommended,306660,12912853,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,frank.egan,Fun!
76561198032794213,Recommended,306660,12871556,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Seefool,A great start to a new exciting style of strategy!
,Recommended,306660,12872088,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Medina,"The game stands alone when it is up to tactics. The AI is very good, and with it's unique visual style (I like it) the game feels polished. Only negative point: the game is not really emmersive, It feels like a game, the music is odd, and there is no binding with companies and generals. I play it now and then, and after two battles I get bored.But then again, it's only €10, so try it out."
76561197978895201,Recommended,306660,12854113,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Lieckio,"Wow! A great game!This is basically Sid Meier's Gettysburg! updated in to modern day. Wonderful tactical simulator with great, informative graphics, easy to use interface and great AI.The campaign is a bit odd, as it doesn't take in to account your positions/success in previous battle as well as I would have hoped it to. Doesn't really matter much if you can get past the fact that you sometimes lose terrain you fought hardly for.While AI is great in this game, the morale etc. doesn't seem to work all that logically. I have had few occations with my units standing next to each other, having taken similar casualties etc. with the other being near 0% morale while the other constantly staying at 100%. But apart from that, the AI - depending on how you set it - can be damn devious and cunning giving a great challenge.What I would mostly hope for is clearer line of sight and enhanced visuals for height of the map. Even when contour lines are on, it can be difficult to judge if your men can see the enemy in their front or not. This also causes problems with the artillery, sometimes you think you've got excellent positions but they don't actually see much. I would also love to modulate the speed a little, right now the game feels a bit too fast and hectic for me sometimes, as I would like to see my tactics play out a bit slower, allowing me to micro manage more.In the end, it's a great game well worth the money, well executed, beautiful graphics and fun to play. I highly recommend this, if you are looking for an ACW game like Sid Meier's Gettysburg!, but in modern day graphics. This doesn't compete with games like Scourge of war in the same category, so owning both of them is alright!"
76561197985159020,Recommended,306660,18965051,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Wraspir,"I didn't know what to expect when I first bought the game, but there were a lot of positive reviews so I figured I'd give it a shot.  Very happy I did.   This game is fantastic, and very easy to learn.  The missions aren't overly long, but it can be challenging.  Would reccomned this game to anyone who loves strategy."
76561197982723372,Recommended,306660,10439867,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Faryn,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg reminds me a lot of Fields of Glory, the old DOS game that covered Napoleon's battles. It has that same abstract quality to it. Unlike Total War's battles, which try to give you a cinematic view of the fight, UG:G gives you the a more abstract view of the fight.The visual style is what makes this game, for me. The map itself is gorgeous, and I wonder if a high-res .jpg is available as a wallpaper. The wording, drawing right onto the map, the tiny 3D buldings, the trees, it all contributes to the feeling of seeing a miniature battle played out on a 3D map. (This is helped by the fact that at the edges of the map, you can see the table it rests upon!) The tiny little soldiers are animated, but not overly so. The smoke effects are subtle yet clear.As far as sound goes, the game's battle sounds much like you would expect it to, if you were hovering overhead. Gunfire is muffled but distinct, as are the drums. I can only hope that as development continues, musical cues are added.AI is another strong point, here. Unit will withdraw if pushed upon too hard, but unlike in Total War, where they go from fighting to total retreat, soldiers here will back off and regroup. The AI seems more realistic than in TW, and absent any player's orders, the units will move on their own and adjust to the situation. There is less control here than in TW. You can't dictate the length and depths of firing lines, or even their facing, really. You click on their unit flag, and drag their route across the battlefield, making turns and flanking maneuvers as needed. The unit does the rest, deciding where to direct their fire. Here, you are truly a general. You can only point, and hope your officers carry out their orders. No micro-managing here, and that makes for a more laid back, contemplative approach,You'll note I have not gone into any depth on content. It's all there, all the various battles that make up Gettysburg, as well the option to create custom battles. But really, for me anyway, the selling point was the visuals and audio. It's Fields of Glory all over again!This game is $10. If it never saw another added feature, I would still consider this game well worth the money. As it is, the developer has far more to come, and I expect nothing but excellence from him.This game is well worth your money!"
76561198006440223,Recommended,306660,10440169,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,The Gobby Gamer,"Great game so far but I have a few gripes :)The controls seems strange, no map scrolling by moving the mouse to edges? the movement is all 1 button (select, move etc..)Losses seem off to me, if I am flanking a unit I would expect a higher loss of troops and morale.Attacking artillary? units are decimated quickly yet I can't seem to get mine to have the same effect?A defo buy and at £5.99 a steal... I hope the improvements keep on coming!"
76561198002540828,Recommended,306660,33494094,Posted: 12 July,all,Quasi Z,"This is a great game, but it does require actual strategy and tactics."
,Recommended,306660,25904386,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Shitty Shower Gel,"Great game!Pros:-Great AI-Simple Controls-I enjoyed itCons:-Too short (you can play it over and over with different AI settings and different strategies, but who wants that?)-Maybe a bit pricy for what it is-Needs some refining (More info when hovering over icons, glitches out sometimes, etc.)If you like the Total War battles then you'll probably like this. I would like to see more games by the developer."
76561198088168389,Not Recommended,306660,15705893,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Sargeant Rock,"I have played this game through, both sides and loved it! However.....the replayability is sooo limited that I can honestly say I am done with it after 5 hours!The developers have done a magnificent job at the graphics and just pure simple enjoyment, however there is no longevity to the game at all. I was left wanting each and every game. Perhaps it should have been released as a entire war period game which would give 50 hours or so of game play.If your okay with the short shelf life of the game, then I highly recommend it, however I am ready to delete it unless I see some promised updates."
76561198044775632,Recommended,306660,18882959,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Betrayed,Maybe an Ultimate General:Manasas or Sharpsburg? 10/10 11/10 if you can create your own skirmish battles
76561197998263532,Not Recommended,306660,19485240,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Greek God Rhodes,Game freezes up every time I try to play it. Ill change my review when I can actually play
76561197993347757,Recommended,306660,12574754,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Wulfgar1812,Great little game!!!
76561198004149920,Recommended,306660,10440368,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Scotters,"This is based on playing the first scenario as the Confederates on dynamic difficulty.  I'm a junior high history teacher, a civil war ""buff"", and have been to Gettysburg 3 times.The game is incredible in how it realistically handles manuver and fire.  The AI is realistic and tough.  The terrain is beautiful and accurrate.  And I really got a feel and understanding for what it was like on the first morning.  The ebb and flow, fall backs and retreats, timely reinforcements, etc. just felt perfect.Each summer I play a civil war game, last summer I played Talensofts ""Gettyburg for the millionth time!  This summer I have a new civil war game.  (Is this really in beta?  Wow!)Btw I lost based on a few dumb manuvers on my part.  Sorry General Lee!"
76561198007213063,Recommended,306660,10454352,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,kathan_tl,"I've been a fan of Darth Vader's outstanding total war mods for years. He continues to display his creative talents with this little gem. The game is nice to look at and moves fast. Can't wait to see this one as it developes. This game is already very playable and the action moves fast. The graphics and sound effects are very good, and you can't beat the price. Lord Vader strikes again!"
76561198011026270,Recommended,306660,10486519,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,laroto1,"Positive:  From the man that brought you Darthmod Rome, Medieval (II), Empire, Napoleon and Shogun, comes an independant title that is sure to please any fans of the strategy genre. This game provides the deep tactical gameplay you would come to expect playing a Darthmod title. It is also worth mentioning that the graphics themselves give the game a nice flavour. Lastly the AI... It is a true challenge to defeat the computer in a battle, which is refreshing in itself. The computer will respond to your tactics in realistic ways, this makes exploiting the AI very difficult to do. However, being that this is an early access game I have only been able to face the AI in one of the scenarios. I have no idea how it will act in later battles, if it is anything like the first battle though you will be in for a challenging yet enjoyable experience.Negatives:  The game is very solid, even in its early stages. However, there are a couple of things I found lacking in it. First of all is the controls. The buttons on the bottom right seem to work fine, but the way you must move your troops does take a bit of getting used to. You must click on the unit and then drag it to the place  you want them to move to. This doesn't sound like a very big deal until you realize that there is no way to order your troops to stand in a specific spot or line up in a specific way. It really negatively affected the gameplay in my opinion. The only other issue I found was your own troops AI... I say this because, your own troops will auto adjust their lines according to enemy positioning. This usually is very affective at cutting down the amount of micro-managing you would expect in a game like this. Although in certain situations your troops will auto adjust even when told not to. I've even run into situations where my men will just turn around when fired upon only to expose their back to the hot lead volley of musket fire that ensues. These are things that really take you out of the experience.Final Verdict:  My final opinion on this game is an 8/10. It is truly worth picking up if you're a fan of strategy games or a casual player.DISCLAIMER: This game is still early access. ALL issues that have been listed above are able to be changed."
76561198008683137,Recommended,306660,10487564,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Stuffparty,This reminds me a lot of Sid Meires Gettysburg and Antietam but much easier to play. So far I'm having much fun with no problems. I wish a indi company such as this would make a game about the battles of the Rosebud and the Little Big Horn 0f 1876.
76561197971132691,Recommended,306660,19162263,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,BOCAJ,I absolutely love it.
,Recommended,306660,18939239,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Jemnite,"A somewhat simplistic looking, but challenging game, Gettysberg Ultimate General is a lot deeper than it appears at the surface, and allows a wide variety of tacticla gameplay, while being cpu and UI light.I very much recommend it both for its good AI, and the fun nature of the game."
76561198008424696,Recommended,306660,19053087,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,123,"I absolutely love this game. The controls are a little hard to deal with at first; however, once you overcome the short, but steep learning curve you'll be turning the tide at Gettysburg for whichever side you choose. 12/10"
,Recommended,306660,19254433,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Screaming-Eagles101,One of the better civil war games to date. I hope that they come out with more just like this one cause I for sure would buy them and play them
76561198031227493,Not Recommended,306660,22131353,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,schnozzalee,"A great game ruined by overpowering artillery units!!I completed the game and received all it's achievements in 14.5 hours, so I'm not sure it's worth it's current price."
,Recommended,306660,10476323,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,AlphaVictorKilo,"This is the worthy successor to Sid Meier's Gettysburg. Still in early access, the brilliant minds behind the DarthMod series of Total War have created probably the greatest American Civil War RTS in the 21st century. From solid art style and epic scale, a general can pick from either Union or Confederate side and change or rewrite the course of history. If you ever knew Sid Meier's Gettysburg and Antietam, you'll instantly fall in love with this game. At only $10, it's a hard bargain not to pass up."
76561198054471087,Recommended,306660,10477197,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,clardydawg,"Ive been waiting for this game for so long, and hyped it up in my head, and its hear, and almost matches my expectations. I say almost because i love it, but it has many shortcommings, some of which can be ironed out in the early access process.Pros:It looks beautiful and has a fantastic atmoshpherevery dynamic, your success each day determines the next days eventseasy to learn and use, which can also be a downside, but ill get that in abit.morale is realistic compared to other games like total war, units retreat, but form up once safefatigue is crap, just like real life, there is a lot of stress on pilling troops back and replacing them, which in turn makes you keep reserve troops. but thats a good thingafter every battle, you have multiple options on what to do next, be it a counter attack, or to rest, attack the center or the flank, its up to you.fan-flippin-tastic AI that counters everything you do intelegently most of the timemultiple personalties you can choose for the AI to use.Cons:sometimes when a unit routs, it doesnt actually run away, it just sits there and i watch a thousand man brigade get torn apart just beacuse it won't runsome of the between mission text does not load, the part that describes your posible actions.I dont think cannons are near as powerfull as they should be.ranges are a bit short, or the units need to be downsized.units turn to face the enemy and brake from cover on their own which is frustratingthe game is not polished, you can tell its not a completed game at this point, but hopefully that will be worked outSummary:Great for what it is, an early access game, as long as darth finishes it up nicely, it will be great. No other strategy games has this good of AI that I have played, it looks and sounds great and all that wrong with it is just small personal preferences i have gotten from playing too much empire total war. it is definately worth 10 USD"
,Recommended,306660,19546720,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,NonAvailable,Less is more.This's the game I was looking for.Good Job Game-Labs..!
76561197988709901,Recommended,306660,10458845,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Sovereign_2183,"So far the game is a bit simple, but it's still very fun. One of the most unique things about this game is that there are 9 total difficult levels with varying levels of aggressiveness and skill. For example, you can set the AI to be aggressive but not skilled, and vice versa. Or you can set it to be both aggressive and skilled if you enjoy losing. But even on the least skilled and least aggressive setting (which I call the McClellan AI) it still puts up a considerable fight, which is unique in an era where it's not uncommon to be able to steamroll a game's AI even at the highest setting.The gameplay is still in early development, but one of my favorite features is the ability to easily draw your own unit routes. In many strategy games, the only way to get your units to follow a specific route is to set various waypoints, which can be time-consuming and tough for the path-finding AI to deal with. In this game, you just drag the mouse where you want the unit to go and it will follow that path. It's a great tool that makes it easier to flank your enemies and increases the mobility of your army.Even though this game is still in early access, it's well worth the 10 dollars. Even though it only covers one battle, the game offers many ways to fight that battle from either side, which makes it highly replayable and very fun."
76561198104775457,Recommended,306660,10462417,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Centurion1985,Get this game if you like an easy to pick up game with a good tactical depth and what seems to be a game that will give you good value for money as the developers continue to add battles etc.This game is well worth the price and is alot better then some of its expensive mor established counterparts.
,Recommended,306660,10531147,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,spelk,"Although Early Access, the game is REALLY quite playable now. It's basically a strategy/wargamers dream game. Map awareness, tactical fluidity, and a top down visual masterpiece of a view of the battle. Absolutely brilliant! The Commanders eye view is what all wargames aspire to, but this game manages to meld the abstract level of command, with the thrilling action of musket and cannon shot warfare of the American Civil War.If you like the tactical battles in the Total War series, you'll probably like this also, for its perfect tactical viewpoint and total control of your troops at the Commanding level."
76561198044931706,Recommended,306660,12482865,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,blueakomoon,"This game is wonderful, the artwork, the tactics, the sounds.  Oh yes, everyone compares it to Sid's gettysburg, but this is a game for all RTS gamers.  yes, there are still some bugs to work out, but since the early access first opened, the developers have put out at least 9 full updates based on our suggestions, with promises of more to come.I love this game and would reccommend it to all tactics gamers."
76561197970736331,Recommended,306660,10491224,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Hoist,Only played it through twice but from what i can see the AI is already very good. this is a great one in the making
76561198081782203,Recommended,306660,10506139,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,RelyksZv,"Great game. For people who want to know, Gettysburg is a series of battles, so it will keep you playing. A bit of bugs, but hey, its early access."
76561198006590813,Recommended,306660,14217960,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Digital,"I been a big civil war buff since I was very young. I read any books or movies I could get on it and I played most of the video games. The first being Robert E. Lee Civil War General the hex game back in 1996, and some time later Sid Meier's Gettysburg, I even played Gettysburg mod for Starcraft because of its awesomeness. So of course I have ridiculous standards, I won't deny that, I will not say this is a bad game, for me it makes me want to go back and play my old favorites. I will just say for a game on this subject I cared about so much to get the thumbs up from me, it would need to give me something more. I feel the developer wanted to take an approach for realism, but this for me has been done, with games like Sid Meires, and better. I loved the unit progression in some of the older titles, where you actually got to upgrade your guns between battles, maybe even some stats for generals.Pros+ Progression - after every engagment your casualties carry over to the next one+ Progression - again the game focuses on one battle, but its not just the lineral historical route of the battle, you get to make choices after every engagment, many strategies were never implemented in the actual battle, but here if you for example win you can chose to hold the hills on the outskirts of town instead of falling back the ridge behind it.Mix-+ Multiplayer - There is a multiplayer, can't complain about that, its balanced in ways FPS are, its skill based; can't complain about that either! Its just nothing like the predecesors, its 1v1.. When I think of civil war I think of multiplayer, before there were 'clans' in video games there were very well organized armies in games like Sid Meires that put almost any form on online groups to shame these days. We do not get the 3v3's we use to have back in the day, not much community here.-+ Realism - I always loved realism in games, In this game the units will do what they want, and the choice to have them unpredictable was a choice by the developer to add realism or in his words: frustration (since thats what actually happend in the civil war, your subordinates didnt always listen to you) I sort of think a better choice would be the ability to give your leaders overall stance orders, like aggressive, or defensive. This would let them do what they want, yet not do something ridiculous like a rouge brigade charging down a hill you wanted them to defend.Con- Graphics - They are functional and look good, but the terrain is 2D, the units are sprites,- Line of Sight - I think this needs some work, its very difficult to figure out where your artillary can actually fire, since half the time if you actually check their LOS they wont actually be firing at units within its range, the best thing to do is to find 1 arty unit that is firing, then put all your artillery on that spot, which is a bit crazy in terms of historical strategy.I am basically giving it the thumbs up for if its on sale, its not a bad buy at all."
,Recommended,306660,18754229,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Stug71,ULTIMATE GENERAL:GETTYSBURGvery  good game fun to play all i can say is get it
76561198031104897,Not Recommended,306660,19542862,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ptcook1,"Are you kidding me? this might be the worst game of this type i have ever played. Troops scatter and run after a few rounds while the AI troops can stand there ground forever. This quick battle time gives you no real chance to set up an attack or proper defense, even tho that doesn't really matter when their 950 troops can fire a few rounds into your 1800 and get them running away so easy. I have also noticed if you somehow do get one of their groups to flash and flee the AI troops run right to where they need to be to get right back into battle while yours will flee somewhere far away from where you need them ( you have no control over fleeing troops )"
76561198007565085,Recommended,306660,10438856,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,eeliuse,"great fun, and difficult! Look forward to updates! great AI. money well spent 9/10"
76561198003370515,Recommended,306660,19186608,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,rednod45,Very well done both Muti & Single player games
76561198062824516,Recommended,306660,19290899,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,EmpathicSpade86,10/10 would masacre again
,Recommended,306660,10456817,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,LordPhil,"This is spectacular for any history buff. The visuals and art style is unique and the sound used during battle is stellar. Best part so far, its tough. An understanding of civil war era combat and troop movement is a must. The learning curve is helped a lot by the provided guide convieniently located on the main menu.Even though it only covers 1 battle the potential of future content shows promise."
,Recommended,306660,12589149,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Captaincapafew,Thanks Darth I enjoy all your mods for the Total war series and this is a great game. I have been impressed with all your work. And I am looking forward to any products you put out in the future. Get this game it is one of the best strategy games you can get.
76561198013956657,Recommended,306660,14376365,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ubique66,This is a great game.  It reminds me of the old 'Battleground' turn based games from the 90's. The real time aspect of this game brings a greater sense of urgency to the play. As this is the first release of its kind by the developer the game engine  can only improve and as it does so other civil war battles and historical genres will become available ... Napoleonic would be brilliant.  Please stop Generals from scouting it spoils the fog of war  and its not realistic either particularly when they can't be killed or intercepted.
76561198007284124,Recommended,306660,21387251,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,ESKEHL,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg has just one thing that speaks for it self, that makes up everything, gameplay feeling and emersion! Game-labs, the creator of this game is the creator of Darthmod for Total War series, and the experience gained modding Total War clearly shows in this game!The graphics are obivously not Total War graphics, but it`s not even the purpose. It`s there to make you feel like you are in a tent 3 km from the front line looking at a map of the battle, and getting reports about troop movements. As a seasoned gamer my conclussion has been that in these days when even simple graphics can look good and fill a purpose, who need the flashy animations of Total War games? The graphics of Ultimate General: Gettysburg is indeed simple, but beutiful, and gives the player the opportunity of feeling like master general, drawing out lines of attack on a map.So it`s pretty much established that it`s the feeling and gameplay emersion that trumps good graphics in most cases. At least in my opinion. In terms of gameplay, I do really recognise some things from the Empire & Napoleon games from Creative Assembly, that reflects the creator`s previous work. But I have the feeling of everything having been improved upon and well thought about. How you have to place your troops, when you move them, and how to engage is basically about looking at the surroundings in the map and at units stats moreso  than in previously mentioned games. It`s noticable that Game-Labs have improved on many things from Total War, and created a far more historically accurate battle simulation. There are really stuff here that Creative Assembly would be wise to consider if going back to the Empire franschise of the Total War series.Since this game obviously is about one battle, the game is not like Total War, were one battle is one major set-piece battle that takes 15- 45 minutes, and that`s it. In Total War this fills a purpose, given that you also play a grand strategy game on a large map filled with several battles. Instead Game-labs focused on one batte and came up with something really clever;  You don`t really fight the battle of Gettysburg all at once. You fight larger skirmishes as a part of the bigger, several days long battle. The campaign is non-linear, and how you fight the campaign depends much on your overall strategy decisions in and between battles, since you carry all your troops with you from different battles. In between battles you have options; Shall I reinforce flanks? Should I hold the line no matter what? Should I do tactical retreat? All these decisions make each playthrough unique. Especially since you can decide how your AI opponent should behave. This has made me come back to the game a couple times and realized that I`m not fighting the same battles, and I can suddenly find myself pushed up against the wall by something unanticipated. This makes the relatively short campaign really interesting and replayable.Ultimate General: Gettysburg is unique game, that the RTS and history nerds defintely will enjoy!! I`m falling into both of those categories, and I did! :) I recommend it for anyone who enjoys tactical battle games set in historical settings. For the sequel under development, I would only ask a few things of Game-labs, and that is to include more than one battle and perhaps make som of the details stand out as 3D in the otherwise 2D landscape, such as houses, towns treas and ridges. Otherwise it`s a great game as it is!"
,Recommended,306660,10456434,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,king_julien,It is refreshingly sweet and visually appealing. I really like how the line of sight and fire maneuvers work.
,Recommended,306660,16542366,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Johnny Nuke,"It's a great game. Very fun to play, and it's actually saddening when you loose. However, to gain a victory feels amazing. The interface and mechanics are very clean, and I definately love it!Tip for Artillery, leave them on Auto. They handle themselves really well on auto."
76561198043709477,Recommended,306660,10461747,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,aabaddon,"Lots of fun!!! Keep up the good work. A little more polish, a few more features (like formations) to add, and a few small issues to work out and this game will be ready for primetime. Considering thats its an early release at this point i'm actually surprised how smoothly it plays. I already want more battles to play. I can't help but think how cool a game like this would be that covers the entire war. Two big thumbs up so far."
76561197969470224,Recommended,306660,10522946,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,BadKarma,I loved Sid Meier´s Gettyburg nack in the day and UGG is very similar!I recomend it!
76561198051741930,Recommended,306660,19085562,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,gaunt,"Simply one of the best wargame out there. I am losing a lot, but I love it !"
76561198022078261,Recommended,306660,19289698,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Rattakris_Mirage,"Why did you bring me here, DARTHLord?"
,Recommended,306660,15584293,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Kiefmeister420,"Fun RTS, where you bend history, but also pay attention to the advangtages/disadvantages of each side, and adjust your strategy accordingly."
76561198014216282,Recommended,306660,12597655,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,jacob_r_1983,"This game gives you the best 'bang for buck' ratio on steam as of today.Finally, an AI that can actually think and strategies! I sure hope this game gets the support it deserves and hope to see further titles done.Points to improve upon in the next titles:- Cavalary charges should have a more realistic and profound effect.- adding more in-game 'fluff' - more side specific battle cries, more sound effects etc.- Unit quality should havea more profound impact on unit performance."
,Recommended,306660,14673917,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Chillaffe,Just Awesome! I just can`t await the next Battles 10/10
76561197967096633,Recommended,306660,10578956,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Barbx,"Reminds me greatly of Sid Meier's Gettysburg!, and that is far from a bad thingfull article:http://www.gaustudios.com/news/gettysburg-ultimate-general-early-access-preview/"
76561198006656405,Recommended,306660,15603982,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lord Laramee,"FOR THE UNION! (although playing as the Confederates when 'Dixie' is playing in the background might be in my top 10 favourite videogame moments)Seriously this is what a Total War game wants to be when it comes to tactics, truly massive battles that don't turn into cluster-fs but rather evolve with multiple fronts, generals, cannons firing, men charging. If you like strategy this is the game for you.What I loved:-How you control your units does take some time but being able to draw arrows is amazing.-How detailed the map is, (tip-Press M to give you height map, vital for arty)-How naturally the battle unfolds over 4 days."
76561198316684076,Recommended,306660,24469401,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,iCommandiConquer,amazing game
76561198053189454,Not Recommended,306660,24021093,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,wwfuntimes,This game is not worth the money!
,Recommended,306660,10654668,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Desperado,"I’ve just got to say that I’ve enjoyed the time I’ve spent playing this game. I would really like to zoom in a bit closer. The units looks like ants . Nevertheless I think the developers are on the right track with this game. Really looking forward to the final product … so hurry guys, hurry. Happy gaming."
76561197977619350,Recommended,306660,15879505,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Wispy,"Great game at a good price. Lots of fun, easy to learn. Only downside it that there are very few people playing multiplayer. And multiplayer is only 1 v 1, no co-op."
76561198032567114,Recommended,306660,10506055,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,MANCUB,Simply the best £5.99 i have spent on steam so far
76561198060098738,Not Recommended,306660,20778477,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,lintianhai,"Although the dev updated the game recently, I still encounter most frustrating bug which render certain enemy units can't be attacked. I posted this in their forum but no replies. I would certainly suggest not waste money in a seriously bugged game.This is the first time I have written a negative review."
,Not Recommended,306660,20778125,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,emrys250,"It's pretty fun. The UI is great and it is fun to watch the units get into line formation and fire.The strategy, though, is hard to decipher. I read a guide, and it turns out a large amount of micromangement is needed to use the troop effectively. For a game that looks like it's about ""big picture battles"" this is unfortunate. Ultimately, not my kind of game."
76561198201925071,Recommended,306660,19833764,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,SpartanStrategy,long live the bars and stars rebel for life
,Recommended,306660,21023028,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,OCC,"I have only played afew hours of his game, but trust me it is worth it. You might think its lacking for just being one battle, but there is definitely a good 10hours of campaign plus many more of multiplayer. I have found it is somewhat similar to NTW but I actually prefer it. I will slowly but surely improve as a commander seeing as though this is a very cool game."
,Recommended,306660,19208896,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,otti,They should make more games like this. Love everything about. I would like to see a WWI setting with this game.
76561198027029506,Recommended,306660,32077667,Posted: 30 May,all,RogerOne,"Good game, easy to just pick up and play. The AI can be a challenge at times."
,Recommended,306660,14536395,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Ponky,I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ I'm doing
76561198031328968,Recommended,306660,15890090,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,kaisersozaa,"Fun game.  Just too bad that it only encompasses one battle.  If they could figure out how to do the entire civil war like this, free form so as not to repeat history necessarily, then it will be a best seller.  As is, its a good game, not big on replay.  Play every once in a while though."
76561198083964624,Recommended,306660,28018047,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Slowboogie,Love this game.
76561198008048315,Recommended,306660,27960181,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,marcomads,If you are (or were) a fan of Sid Meier's Gettysburg you cannot miss this game!!
76561198007238047,Recommended,306660,20151277,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jeff,"This game is very much the spiritual successor to Sid Meier's Gettysburg, it has excellent depth despite the fact that it only covers the battle of Gettysburg as you can play as either the Confederates or Union against a variety of different AI opponents. The Confederates are harder to play and the hills on the map are difficult to see without contours turned on, but apart from that this game is excellent."
76561198006565367,Recommended,306660,30080187,Posted: 21 February,all,CeltiHG,Quit interesting this game
76561198203272029,Recommended,306660,29581385,Posted: 30 January,all,oldtypeperson,not as good as civil war and game conals are diffrent
,Recommended,306660,13485156,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Luftwaffel,Better than Rome 2. 8.5/10 good game
,Recommended,306660,12943866,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,[8thVA] Jasdeep/Fredrick,Well I loved this so much and the reason is that it has crap ton of stradegy and its so great! And only think I hate is just that the union is crap at charging. Just that and you should make a war of 1812 or napoleonic wars.
76561198073635392,Recommended,306660,30791489,Posted: 28 March,all,Rectal examinatOR,"like playing a total war game, only much more in depth"
76561198107073707,Recommended,306660,12413872,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,tablue1,"This game is a fantastic RTS game. While I don't like the movement system as much as some other RTS games, every thing else makes up for that. This game is incredible from what I have played so far. The AI can sometimes be challenging (more so when you chose a random AI type)."
76561198046111115,Recommended,306660,12455835,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,DACopperhead,"This modder is amazing, before he made this, he modded the AI of Total War games. this guy has made one of the greatest RTS i have ever played. If you look beyond the fact that it is one of those : games, it has a unique concept. most games avoid Civil war entirly, and if they do make it turn based. this one the other hand has fantastic movement and battles. (and playing as the Confederates is the best) if you read this maker of Darthmod, please, please don't stop. (and maybe a WWI Ultimate General? eh? eh?)"
76561198006832774,Recommended,306660,12528498,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Zohan Dwir,"Recommended. Not a fan of US civil war, but this is beautifully done with a sleek interface and lots of attention to detail that doesn't overwhelm but builds content nevertheless.I wish there would be another era."
76561198007272285,Recommended,306660,12531895,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,StormwindViper,"This game is a lot of fun!  As a fan of Military History, this is right up my alley.  I do not think I have ever played a game like this where more than once I was thinking...""not sure if I can hold that flank"", or ""where should the counterattack occur"" , or ""holy crap how did they get THERE??"" and watch the AI react to it in such an intelligent fashion.  Color me impressed!"
,Recommended,306660,12413675,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Mr. Big_Ragu,"By God, give them the cold steel!!Great game!"
76561198165240933,Recommended,306660,24608066,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Germany,"Fun Game would love it more if it were WW1 based, had better Graphics, added more weapons, and had more factions."
,Recommended,306660,13954119,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Taylor,"Great Game, its fun challenging and a well made game its worth every penny."
76561197997911889,Recommended,306660,10884386,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sharky,"So I bought this game with very little expetations. Watched couple videos on youtube and I knew more and less what im getting myself into. And since its only for 9 euro..i said heck, nothing new in rts/strategy world  so I can buy it.And this game is awesome!Of course its not major studio production, and you cant expect graphic engine with advanced strategy and maps like in Wargame..but its still TONS of FUN!Its not complicated but when enemy have more units you need to start thinking!Def. its not hard core realism game, and it have some issuses, but its still in development..and it will be even better if its fully released!You can play it now, but it missing some features that are added daily.No to negatives.Its very short game, main campaing is like couple hours, and you can play many random battles too..but its all to very very short.Nothing fancy with units, you have your basic line inf, skirmishers, cav, and arty.But then agian its 9 euro!!!And even I dont like some stuff dev did in this game, I think its move in RIGHT direction.Something a bit new, somthing fresh. And that def. deserves my money in current game market.I hope this only beginning, and game will grow! I see potential and ususally small studio dev's are more likely to listen to their base.I would give this game 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,306660,33736850,Posted: 22 July,all,Pfc. Phares [1st RB],"This game looks and feels brilliant, I love the art style. I would love to see a game like this but set in World War 2, that would be awesome and people would buy it, maybe do like Ultimate General: Battle of the Bulge? That would be incredible."
76561198228767456,Recommended,306660,22340687,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,c-marc,Great game!!! Very stable and fun to play!!!
76561198041733914,Recommended,306660,19983211,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Not-A-Spy,
76561198047517637,Recommended,306660,21099271,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Hammer1722,This is actually the most amazing RTS I have ever played! It is so fluid and perfect (creams self)
,Recommended,306660,16531633,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ghaleb,"A challenging game,worth it."
76561198007015413,Recommended,306660,16556479,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,sakbullets,"Sid Meirs Gettysburg upgraded!  If you liked Sid Meirs Gettysburg then you will love this.  The sounds are updated, the stats are better if you like to get deep in the weeds on units and you actually get to choose how the battle will progress as the commander.  For example, I played Day 1 and after the first battle, where Sid Meirs would base its historic change off that, you actually choose one of 3 scenarios on what should take place next.  I'm lovin this!"
76561198022299140,Recommended,306660,16529750,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Elutz180,this is a great game
76561197973509981,Recommended,306660,19971636,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sweet Loris,"Awesome game, I only wish more of my friends played it."
76561198048576396,Recommended,306660,22321696,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,wertzie,with the new update i feel like its impossible to win with the confederates
76561197970716645,Recommended,306660,20302431,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,DUB01,Good game worth getting
76561198016373016,Recommended,306660,21621677,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,NiftyKillSwitch,Need more battles. Chop Chop
76561198103320550,Recommended,306660,22745816,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,bruno,"Great game all around,i hope that they expand to other theaters of war soon."
76561198007902404,Recommended,306660,15934463,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,theday_99,Tons of fun...
76561198057252642,Recommended,306660,15963516,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,toadal,Absolutely fantastic game that i am terrible at (which is completely on me.)
,Recommended,306660,16085743,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,sirHughJohn,Love this game the best I've ever played [I think this game is for people who are in for civil war history]
76561198146596589,Recommended,306660,15283424,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,batmanscat200251,I recommend this game for every one
76561198188060202,Recommended,306660,15335833,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,blacklabmrl,real like this game its a very good game
76561197972698208,Recommended,306660,15909481,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Lord Inquisitor,"awesome, but short rts that packs a lot of content into a short campaign.  The camera is a little wonky, but it is all good when I can hold back Johnny Reb or the Yanks by charging down a hill.11/10 Would fight in the great american civil jihad"
76561197974191072,Recommended,306660,16248943,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Dozzer,"Really like this game it follows the history of Gettysberg as far as arrivals of men but the rest is up to you. The game is divided up into stages of the battle between the army of the Potomac lead by Gen George Meade and Gen Lees Arny of Northern Virginia.  I like that you start each stage with the men and positions which you had a the end of the previous stage. This means that you can effect the battle wipe a battalion out and it is gone,no going to the historical  outcome.I also like is simplicity no worrying about supplies and money, just fight the battle.Good game"
,Recommended,306660,34849308,Posted: 9 September,all,Ich hasse,meh
76561197983237917,Recommended,306660,10647247,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,teric,Pretty good game.  Really stable for early access. Only negitive thing I can say is It's a little hard to predicte line of site and elevation some times.  You end up sending arty to a spot that is not nearly as good as you thought it would be.
76561198006604825,Not Recommended,306660,15746235,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Keiper,"I've seen the praise this game got, and I've read through many of the glowing reviews it received here on Steam. I bought it when it went on sale, and tried it out. After testing out its gameplay, I had to stop and think, ""Did I buy a different game than what others played?""If you remember Sid Meier's Gettysburg or Antietam, this is basically the same system: moving units around and engaging in pitched battles against the enemy. The similarities made me laugh at the professional reviews that called this game unique and creative - it's basically those two past games, but with updated graphics and a slightly different combat system. As is obvious by the title, this takes place at the Battle of Gettysburg, and like the Sid Meier's Gettysburg game, you play various stages of the battle, depending on how well (or poorly) you do. However, unlike the Sid Meier games, which used to suck up my entire day due to awesome gameplay, my frustrations with this game led me several times to rage quit to the menu after a few minutes of gameplay, and eventually just uninstall it from my computer.One thing that annoyed me was just how quickly your men will retreat. Seriously. I think a few minutes of a firefight and even the Iron Brigade are crapping their pants and running. What's even more annoying is how your artillery will automatically retreat if the enemy gets too close - and I mean like still close enough that the cannister fire would be effective. I tried everything to get my artillery to at least wait a little longer, but they would just up and run, even with their morale still pretty decent. Remember how Mercer fired at the French cavalry until the last minute at the Battle of Waterloo? Apparently if there's an Ultimate General: Waterloo, Mercer will see the French at 800 yards and think, ""Well, boys, that's it. Let's go home.""I also am not certain how the casualty system works. While I know artillery at this time had become really advanced and was one reason for the consistently high casualties in Civil War battles, artillery seems a tad overpowered in this game. Sometimes my men will be taking from artillery fire at a non-stop rate - it literally looks like their number is decreasing like a New Year's Eve countdown. Movement is likewise annoying: walking seems to be taking your sweet time, while running is take your sweet time with a slightly faster footstep. It doesn't help that sometimes when you tell your artillery to move, they'll seemingly waddle around aimlessly at a location, or will set up their artillery JUST BEFORE the spot you told them to go (this is especially annoying when you try to work with their line of sight). Another game mechanic that was annoying was the ""Auto"" function for artillery. It seemed to just stay on solid no matter how close an enemy unit was - after a while I just gave up on ""Auto"" and manually controlled all my artillery.Overall, this game was just a disappointment. I tried playing the Union and the Confederates, I tried looking up the manual to see how to better play the game better. I tried playing different styles. The same frustrations came up over and over again, and finally I just gave up. It's rare that I quit this early on a game, but this was one of the rare cases."
76561198082925611,Not Recommended,306660,33094721,Posted: 1 July,all,ManBearPigtjk,"Enemy AI is god like even on the lowest setting, friendly AI plays  like mentaly challanged step cousin. Will full retreat even though outnumbering enemy 3 to 1 (yes that happened). just awful i only paid 3.74 so not to mad but this game sucks."
,Not Recommended,306660,13785619,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,James Rockford,"I had high hopes for this game, especially after reading the previews from Pocket Tactics and various youtube videos.I know that it only states I've 0.8 hours on record; however, I had played a lot over the Christmas Break in absence of an Internet connection.  I've about 4 or so hours I would say.Unfortunately, at least on OSX, this game is highly unstable.  It is very common for the game to freeze, mid-battle.  In fact, I've only been able to successfully finish one battle without it locking up.  It is just not playable and I deeply regret buying this.Hopefully this gets fixed, but if you have OSX (not sure if this impacts Windows), avoid the game for now as it is absolutely not fit for purpose."
,Recommended,306660,12519275,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Corrosion,"9.5/10Tactical, realistic, great game"
,Recommended,306660,33005391,Posted: 29 June,all,Your Wife's 大嫌いest Son,"Oh, I’m a good old Rebel,Now that’s just what I am;For this “fair land of Freedom”I do not care a damn.I’m glad I fit against it-I only wish we’d won.And I don’t want no pardonFor anything I’ve done.I hates the Constitution,This great Republic too;I hates the Freedmen’s Buro,In uniforms of blue.I hates the nasty eagle,With all his brag and fuss;But the lyin’, thievin’ YankeesI hates’ em wuss and wuss.I hates the Yankee nationand everything they do,I hates the Declarationof Independence, too;I hates the glorious Uniontis drippin’ with our bloodI hates their striped banner,I fit it all I could.I followed Ol’ Marsh Robertsfor four years, nearabout,got wounded in three placesand starved at P’int Lookout:I cotched the rheumatisma’campin’ in the snow;but I killed a chance o’ Yankees,I’d like to kill some mo’.We got three hundred thousandBefo’ they conquered us.They died of Southern feverAnd Southern steel and shot;And I wish it was three millionInstead of what we got.I can’t take up my musketAnd fight’ em now no mo’,But I ain’t a-goin’to love’ em,Now that is sartin sho’;And I don’t want no pardonFor what I was and am;And I won’t be reconstructed,And I do not give a damn."
76561198027017467,Not Recommended,306660,16932908,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,iceni,"It's just one battle, one map, Ok the clue is in the title, Gettysburg, I just imagined there would actually be more to it. Dull and repetitive. Why would I want to keep  doing the same thing over and over. Ok I know American History is short  but not that short! There must have been some more battles somewhere, maybe worth drawing up a few more maps, I mean how difficult is that. So it was cheap so that's alright then yes? Well no, actually it was a rip off if you paid more than £2 for it. Unfortunately I paid £10, how much was this game originally, surely not more? You would be much better getting an old Total War title, which will have infinitely more variety, most of the world to play in, bigger battles, more detail. Shall I go on? But there's custom battles isn't there? Yes you can actually choose what time of day it is, on the same map and same scenario,,,oh good. Even the first TW had better graphics than this pile of utter pointless garbage.  Avoid at all cost unless you have some weird fetish about playing a tiresome 2d battle over and over and over and over.....Oh look the Yankies one that time, funny it was the Confederates last time, I wonder what will happen this time, I don't f***** care, just get me out of here!"
,Recommended,306660,31051921,Posted: 9 April,all,igotstobegone,"Challenging, well-built game fully worth full price.  The devlopers are responsive and they're still patching this title after all this time.  The sequel to this title is a worthy second installment as well.  If you like war sims, this will not disappoint."
,Recommended,306660,13618080,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ninten Doraku,Like it!!
76561198014206998,Recommended,306660,13627909,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,delvolta,I love it. I love to have more please.
76561198091472002,Not Recommended,306660,16590970,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Amethyst1013,No matter what strategy you choose it always seems as if the enemy is overpowering you10/10 Best Military Defeat Simulator
76561197989851255,Recommended,306660,16710943,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,mgreenukraine,Best game ever.
76561198130412940,Recommended,306660,12628447,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,claytonrehmus,Seems really great.  But game's freezing about 10 minutes into play.
,Not Recommended,306660,21386596,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,CMouse,Dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy this. Its not worth of your money or your time. The UIs ♥♥♥♥ed and nothing in the game makes any bloody sense.
76561198043385899,Not Recommended,306660,29414862,Posted: 21 January,all,DiddlerOnTheRoof,So much lost potential
76561197980852821,Recommended,306660,12681233,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,GShock,"The 1.0 is polished enough to give hours and hours of genuine fun and thanks to a very clever AI, you can never replay a battle in the same way you just did.This game is a masterpiece in the making and it's easy enough to learn playing that even those who are not CW buffs will surely like it."
76561198022296391,Recommended,306660,12689012,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,MacAttack,"This early access game has been holding my interest.  I like it and despite some of the negative reviews I bought the game, and I'm glad I did!  AI seems good against you, it seems to try to flank when your weak on the ends or outnumbered.  That said, if you've ever play Sid Meiers Gettysburg, for some reason it has the same AI thinking problem as that game.  If they rush up to your line and they get shot back, the line will continuously fall back and charge over and over, even when they should obviously fall back, regroup or retreat.  Meaning, AI decisions still have some pathing choices to be programmed in....but, I still like playing this in between other games, and its early access, so it probably improve more.  And, one important note, every other day or so, I see the developers updating this game.  I can't tell you how important that is.  If you purchased early access before you know some of these games clearly don't support their own games."
76561198008500690,Recommended,306660,10433822,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,vbamcharlie,This game is awesome!  Get it!  Get it now!
,Recommended,306660,12668803,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Phi π,Great game let's support thi dev.
76561197968847284,Recommended,306660,19293495,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Massiv Igel,impressive game
,Recommended,306660,12518788,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Donkeycods,"I played through the Confederate campaign on balanced AI and won in two days. The AI seems pretty good, and I like the different settings laid out in a grid for difficulty and aggressiveness. You play tactical battles, making decisions in between portions of the battle as to what your next move will be. I enjoyed this aspect of it as your decisions drive the next portion of the battle with your results from previous battles carrying over to the next (I think).Overall I highly recommend this to anyone. It is a fun, quick play, with a lot of potential for replayability and could be picked up by noob and grognard alike."
76561197976395225,Recommended,306660,12673582,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,PolazBoy,"I have been a fan of this genre all my gaming life.... However, this beats all, hands down. No quick battles that become one great melee (TW series), you actually feel like your decisions have a strategic effect on the outcome. Great AI, decent graphics and if this developer brings out another game (a nice medieval one perhaps?) I would certainly purchase it.Anyway, time to go back and enjoy my day three battle.........."
76561197998654637,Recommended,306660,12677325,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Cudgel,If you ever liked a Total War or Close Combat game get this.
76561198000850071,Recommended,306660,12686020,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Charlie,"Although I've read a lot on the Civil War, I've never enjoyed any ACW strategy games until this. The mad panic of firefights dissolves after a short time and the importance of postioning and terrain take over. A well placed line will stand all day, but a regiment with low morale continues to rout no matter how many times it is sent into battle.Simple controls, great graphics, great AI, great price.Would like to see more battles.Worth every penny, a great game!"
76561198029365391,Recommended,306660,23318991,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,AlienWired,Decent little game....
76561198156729241,Recommended,306660,20498731,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Hornyskunk,6/10
76561198036042714,Recommended,306660,12801555,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Gamer5,"Update - after playing and reviewing this game some time ago I have not been back to the play the game since then.  This in itself says a lot about the game. Although it has pretty good graphics and I like the concept of the game - its durabililty is limited. so on this point unless you can pick it up for a few dollars I would think twice about buying the game - end Update.This game is good value for money for what it is. Although it is not yet an epic game in the league of Total War or Civilization franchises, I believe it could be if the game was is futher developed to include other ACW battles and indeed cover the whole of the ACW campaign linking somehow the major battles and some minor battles as well.Back to the game itself. It plays quite well once you have mastered the mouse control interface in  controlling and moving the units about the battlefield. The game to a degree has an auto play function but ultimately it is up to you to move the units around the battlefield and where and when to encounter the enemy.How you choose to deploy your units and when to use them will lead to a number of scenorios playing out and perhaps changing the course of history.Overall I would recommend this game (for the price).  And hopefully it will be further developed, maybe the better word is expanded, in the future."
76561198003722545,Recommended,306660,10572566,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Rainey84,"This is a real time strategy game that gets the sense of scale perfect.  Battles can range from a few thousand to over 60,000 soldiers fighting for victory.  Unlike most strategy games though you are not looking to destroy every opposing soldier.  You have objectives for each battle that you want to accomplish, and so do they.  Your goal could be to defend your current position and only fall back once you are about to be overrun.  You, might actually lose ground, but you inflicted more casualties to the other side which will carry over to the next battle.  Then,  your next battle objective will be to take two new positions with the reinforcements that have come on the next day.How you control your armies is very simple and streamlined.  You select a brigade, drag your mouse on the path you want the unit to take and off it goes.  Also, the arrows stay, so you know where you have commanded your units to go.  Now, things can get quite chaotic on such a large battlefield, so you have the option to pause and to reassess your strategies.  Sometimes, it is wise to pause every once in a while to check out the morale and condition of your troops, so you know where to send in your reserves.Probably, the best part of the game is when your well planned strategy earns you a victory.  I was the Union and the Confederacy was steady pushing my soldiers back as they had a slight numerical advantage. I believe 28,000-25,000.  I could have held the lines for far more casualties, but I kept some brigades back in a safe area to keep them fresh for when I saw the opportunity to strike.  Plus, I knew I was going to get 10,000+ reinforcements soon.  As the Confederacy kept pushing my lines back, I finally send 4,000 fresh troops and then  6,000 of my reinforcement troops that had just joined the battle while retreating with the tired soldiers that were engaged.  My new force devastated their advance and forced them to retreat back to the hill that I was tasked in taking over.  Their stand was short as my soldiers pushed them off the hill quickly and they retreated even further back.  The battle ended short after, with only a ""minor victory"", but I had broken the morale and spirit of the majority of their troops which will carry over to the next battle.I would totally recommend to anyone a fan of strategy, war, or historical games. 9/10."
76561198046925674,Not Recommended,306660,19790627,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,mike.bilder,"This is NOT a substitute for Sid Meier's Gettysburg (SMG). It's basically the junior monopoly version of SMG. The units are just a mass of little people with little formation and actual battle function. The terrain is a Toon Town interpretation of Gettysburg. I could go on, but I was so frustrated that I wasted money on this game. Scourge of War is the only game to equal the Sid Meier's series."
,Recommended,306660,10438983,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Ex,"Darth is charging $10 for a game that's better that most strategy games, that includes several total wars.This game is exquisite. The AI is unamatched.Let's make this man a millionaire."
76561198049500020,Recommended,306660,12484846,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,76561198049500020,"Dammit this game is awesome! Excellent AI (I'm damn good at Napoleonic tactics, so a good AI is definately refreshing), realistic gameplay (where even a slight rise in elevation, as in real life, can be vicious against your forces when the enemy occupies it), and the art style is simple, but beautiful. Did I mention the AI?The men and women behind this game, notably the designer of the DarthMod series (i love those mods!), have done very well. I look forward to future patches and developments. Seriously, guys, this game is excellent. If you like wargames, this is definately a game for you! Especially, if you're a buff of this period in American history."
,Recommended,306660,12520110,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,zombieganker,A well done game! Reminds me of playing sid meiers gettysburg. The strategy is as it should be in a strategy.....a real strategy!
76561198039952785,Not Recommended,306660,18110784,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,spooky1912,"The good things about the game, which have been pointed out in the positive reviews, I generally agree with.  The main bad thing about it is the developers' lack of historical research on Civil War armies and battles.  They claim (and have designed the game to reflect) that Union soldiers were better-drilled, better trained, and more effective in ranged combat with the musket than the Confederates.  Anyone who's read anything about the battles of Fredericksburg, Chickasaw Bluffs, Spotsylvania, Kennesaw Mountain, and Cold Harbor, among others, can tell you that's untrue.   Confederate infantry was absolutely lethal in ranged combat.   At Cold Harbor Lee's infantry and artillery shot over 7,000 Federals in about 20 minutes, inflicting a total of 12,500 casualties in the entire battle while losing a scant 1,450 themselves.The developers completely miss the fact that both armies were composed almost entirely of volunteers and conscripts who had been civilians before the war--thus neither side had a real advantage in training.  Proficiency in combat came with experience, and here the Confederates generally had the advantage because instead of raising new regiments to replace losses as the Union did, they fed replacements into existing units so the fresh fish could learn their trade from the veterans in the ranks.Finally, the developers claim that the Union had more advanced weaponry than the Confederates at the Battle of Gettysburg--supposedly this resulted in their superiority in ranged fire, both with infantry and artillery.  Also untrue.  A modest amount of reading on their part would have revealed what pretty much any student of the Civil War knows--both sides used pretty much the same weapons (except for the Union's repeating rifles and carbines, which were very small in number).  The fact is that at Gettysburg, both Union and Confederate infantry were variously equipped with model 1842 Springfield smoothbore muskets and model 1855 and 1861 Springfield rifled muskets, as well as the British model 1853 Enfield rifled musket (very similar in performance to the Springfield).  Artillery was about the same--both sides mainly used a mixture of 12-pounder Napoleon smoothbore cannon, 3-inch Ordnance Rifles, and 10-pounder Parrott Rifles.  The Union had a higher percentage of rifled guns, but this didn't prove to be too much of an advantage, as rifled projectliles had a tendency to burrow into the ground without doing much damage--the 12-pounder Napoleon smoothbore was actually better in terms of the damage it could do to infantry formations.These mistaken premises really hurt the game, as they force the Confederate player to charge in situations where it normally wouldn't have been advisable (and charging in this game is pretty useless for both sides, in my experience--the Confederates don't seem to have the advantage in melee combat that the developers advertise).  They also enable the Union player to win simply by forming an intelligent line, placing artillery, and pretty much sitting back and watching the fireworks.This is a game that wishes it could be Sid Meier's Antietam and Sid Meier's Gettysburg.  It could have been if the developers had gone into more depth with unit tactics, put more realism into the game mechanics, and done the necessary historical research.  You know there's something fishy when a single AI infantry brigade routs 4 artillery batteries in a frontal assault, uphill, with no support while taking minimal casualties, but when you try it with three brigades in a flank attack you get butchered.  There are other similar problems with the mechanics that have already been noted in the reviews."
76561198027816264,Recommended,306660,10443427,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Redkoat,The game is great. I love the hsitorical accuarcy and the more intracate stratagy needed to win the battle. Beats Total War by a longshot
76561198085343835,Recommended,306660,10463637,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,swimmermike51,"bought game, have made repeated requests for assistance due to the fact I cannot play the game.   Have ample cpu reqs.   Have heard and read great reviews for game but I cannot play nor make a review.make sure you do not have bug issue prior to buying the game.   Wish I could play it and hope that some patch or fix will be delivered for me."
76561198112981059,Recommended,306660,12521369,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,choglit,well worth the money
76561198035451286,Not Recommended,306660,16589461,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Coulter47,Game dev say its finished. Say that to the 3 brigds that just marched though my union line and laughed. didnt even flinch at cansiter and just kept on marching
76561198011534410,Recommended,306660,10441444,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Cerberus,aweasome game contender to Total War series.
,Recommended,306660,14437674,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Simulacra_53,"History and easy gameplay mix up well and the AI can be set to offer different kinds of challenges.The graphics are good (I actually love the way this game is presented), the gameplay although limited to a single battle offers a lot a replayability. Note that you only control the battle, there is no strategic element involved, nor any resources to be managed, just men, cannons and horses.I really like the way Ultimate General: Gettysburg finally turned out.IMHO well worth the regular entry fee.Currently one of my favorite games, although the hours played might not show this fact."
76561198173410443,Recommended,306660,19271534,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,SoloMystery,My Hours say it all.even though I hate how long the battles have to be without the option to surrender
,Recommended,306660,11182499,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Box-ified,The characters retreat to easy. The characters go way to slow.
76561198057266981,Not Recommended,306660,20578338,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Pat Black,It's a pretty descent game. But It's a shame that it's only one battle. And not a more complete war game.
,Recommended,306660,23465159,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,limith,"So if you hate artillery like I do and how they survive charges from the rear, here's a tip: Save the game, then go edit the .xml savegame to set the health of all artillery units to 1. Then you can ""Restart"" the map and artillery will be dead."
,Recommended,306660,27768650,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aaryuj,"Do I want slaves? Maybe, maybe not, you're going to have to play the game to find out."
76561198036657203,Recommended,306660,10454061,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,bugrabasgan,I have never thought that I will buy this game but I decided to give it a shot and I am impressed.Overall game is good.Its still in early release stage so I am sure that the missing parts of UI and artwork will be added.Also there are some problems about unit speed and artillery units etc most these problems alraedy stated by other players in steam community.But nevertheless game is good.I mean really good.AI its hard to beat it.But dont think that AI soldiers is immortal no they are smart so they punish you if you go too far or left flank unguarded.With the proper adjustments and additions I am sure that this game will become much better.Also I am just thinking one modder from community comes out and creates a game which has better AI than multi million dollar game called as Rome 2 (biggest fail ever) I mean CA you are pathetic even your modders outmatch you.Well done Darth keep up the good work...
76561198110377163,Recommended,306660,24637283,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,BERNARD SANDALS,Fun
76561197970680484,Not Recommended,306660,32783943,Posted: 25 June,all,Shane,-75% on sale @ £2.74Bores♥♥♥♥♥outta me
,Recommended,306660,12613622,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Erich,"This game is brilliant, especially given that it was done by a Total War modder. The art style is impressive and beautiful, and feels very uniquely Civil War era-ish. Gameplay mechanics are typical RTS fare, and it is reminiscent of many classics like Cossacks II. Graphics look dated, but it suits the game's art style very well; and especially for a first major release from this developer.I've only played under an hour, but I'm addicted as is. The AI is challenging, and it is perhaps one of the best indie games I've bought this year. I can't wait to play more when I get home."
,Recommended,306660,24923466,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,kim jong uno,its pretty lit
76561198013587243,Recommended,306660,26362349,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,supersonicslug,"Great little RTS game, have played through twice and still am not tired of it. 10/10"
,Recommended,306660,12528479,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Sun_Devil,"I was on the fence about this, but this game is pretty great and worth the fairly low price tag."
76561197983005117,Recommended,306660,12531758,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,mhenry_101381,"9 different AI profiles, multiple outcomes, multiple strategies, causlties carry over.  This game is a different experience every time.  Well worth it, can't wait for the next one."
,Recommended,306660,28947553,Posted: 2 January,all,Anime is fucking trash,is good
76561198092687567,Recommended,306660,10543040,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,mcoffm,I have changed my rating to keep up with the final patch before official release.  It is a very good game this company should be proud of the job they did.  The fans should be proud of the amount of feedback they contributed some of it awful but some useful.  The team took all that imput and created something very special.  Its ready to purchase now or wait till all the hype and pay more later if you like war games this is  a good one.
76561197997465416,Recommended,306660,16541240,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,hyraxsyriacus,A beautiful and ultimately (see what I did there?) very playable game.
76561198071645415,Recommended,306660,19356189,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,BluFalcon,"I've never been so traumatized in my life.the game is one of the most fun RTS games, ive ever played, sending young boys to the slaughter is quite rewarding. especially when you win a few battles, and your rank improves.  getting to the Rank of Major, took alot of tears, and not to mention the blood of a countless dead yankies.10/10 im going back to not being able to sleep, because i can still hear their screams, and cries for help."
,Recommended,306660,11107238,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,[RSQ] Mason,this is one of the best tactical overview games i have played. 9/10 the reason i rate it 9/10 is because when you flank someone from behind the notice you instanly when they should be focused on what they are shooting at.
76561198083798082,Recommended,306660,32352932,Posted: 11 June,all,slynorthstar,Game is good if you can ever get someone to join a game with you.
76561198006678254,Recommended,306660,10482926,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Townsendvol,"If you liked Sid Meiers Gettysburg then I believe you will love this game.  I have been lookig for a way to play that old game for years on my newer system and then I stumbled across this. This game has come to the resue.  While not quiet as feature full as SMG was its still a GREAT game. Even at this stage I am so happy with the purchase.  I am going to do all I can to promote this game in the hopes that more are coming.  My main concern when reading about the game was not seeing a Grand Campaign option. However the way the battles play out is very much like the Grand Campaign. It takes you from scenerio to scenerio taking into the consideration your last results.  Also the ability to select a strategy along the way at certain points was also welcome.  The combat is good, the sound is excellent.  Just really enjoying it. Cannot wait for the full game and cannot wait to support this project and future projects. MUST BUY for SMG fans."
76561197994753759,Recommended,306660,12382895,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,robdoggiii,"This is what I had been looking for. The battle map looks like a map a general may have sprawled out over his table and you move units by draggin an arrow across the map to the location you want, sort of like a battlefield map from a history book. It may not sound like it but it works very well. Now if they can add some more battles to this or make more individual games I think this would be the start of a great franchise!"
76561197987872190,Recommended,306660,12400959,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,asterne,"(played alot on Steam in offline mode--so ive got quite a bit more time than listed above--roughly 16 hours at time of review)I really like this game.  I just read The Killer Angels by Shara, which is a narrative of the battle of Gettysburg, so I found myself in a mood for Civil War gaming.  I came here looking for Scourge of War: Gettysburg, but apparently it is no longer on Steam (im reluctant to buy a game outside of Steam)--so after much debate I decided to get Ultimate General instead.I love it.  I played Sid Miere Gettysburg back in the day--and this is as good as it gets if youre like me and have been wishing someone would update that game for current computers and make it look a little nicer.  If that is something you desire, then Ultimate General is your game.Its fun, it looks nice, it plays alot like Sid Meier's.  The Battle of Gettysburg flows nicely as you play through it.  It did a good job of capturing the feel of the Gettysburg book I just read, and definately scratched that Civil War itch.  In short, its just a fun game.My only complaint would be amount of content.  For $9.99 you definately get enough content.  The Battle of Gettysburg itself is pretty robust and plays out in interesting ways with a fair amount of replayability--but I want more.  Its got a custom battle setup, but it needs to be a little more robust.  Would really like a proper, random battle option--where you could pick battle size, and it places victory points randomly on map, and randomizes troops involved, troop starting location, and randomized reinforcement and map entry.As far as Early Access goes--It feels like a full release to me for the most part.  I wouldn't realize it was an Early Access if it didn't say so on the store page.  I spotted some very minor issues--at one point I pushed an enemy brigade literally off the map, and yet some of my cannons kept trying to fire at this off map enemy--with the cannons landing at map edge and either having no effect or hitting my own troops trying to pass through that way.  This only occued one time, and is a very unique situation.So I recommend it.  At 9.99 it is a no-brainer.  If they have added a more robust custom/random battle system by release time--this game would easily be worth 20.00-25.00 dollars.  Really hoping to see more like this."
,Recommended,306660,21668672,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,theBrost,8/10
76561198065528781,Recommended,306660,15619443,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Alby,I love me some muskett fun.
76561198006756264,Recommended,306660,26732155,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Edgewalker,Fun game
,Not Recommended,306660,35214169,Posted: 25 September,all,Drazion,"I've tried to get back into this game several times, but the UI is so poorly designed that it really hampers the playability of the game.  I don't know if the AI is stacked against you or not, but good luck trying to send a brigade of 1000+ troops against any AI artillery emplacement, especially if the charge button is disabled (although the UI won't tell you why).  If you do charge, your brigade will approach the artillery emplacements (which the AI loves to just sit on hills unsupported by infantry), and still utterly wreck infantry brigades over and over again with cannister shot while your units, instead of charging, decide to duke it out with artillery by firing at them (inflicting next to no losses on the artillery).The morale system is beyond frustrating, again it may be more due to the complete lack of a polished UI, but your units will constantly lose morale.  There were two instances where I had surrounded enemy brigades on three sides, but they refused to break, even after a charge from the rear.  Instead, I found my units, who were in woods, with a commander nearby being shattered.  Their morale would just plummet, and the UI provided no reason as to why, or how to fix the issue.I really wanted to like this game, but the UI is beyond frustrating.  The movement of units is unique, but poorly implemented.  Your units are completely dependent on your input, and will not self rotate to face an enemy, leaving their flanks dangling in the breeze, instead choosing to return fire at an angle.Counter battery fire is pointless, as enemy artillery morale is apparently unphased by massive return fire, and the rate at which AI artillery takes casualties is ridiculously low.Your artillery fire on enemy units doesn't seem to do much, either in the way of casualties or inflicting morale damage.I tried to like this game, as it's been a long dry spell in good ACW games, but a Sid Meier's successor this is most definitely not."
,Not Recommended,306660,14942543,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Chieftain Viking,"All around a very great game to play. It is pretty accurate historically and addicting to play. However it was kinda easy to beat the campaign on my end. Due to the small nature of this game, I do not exactly believe it warrants the $15.00 Price Tag."
76561198010692825,Not Recommended,306660,28691356,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Arbuthnot,"What is this?  After painfully sitting through the slowmotion tutorial I have no idea how to get units to do what I want. Do they have minds of their own and I can only make suggestions? If that's how it works, great, but please tell me.  Why won't my cavalry charge their unsupported skirmishers? I don't know, because nothing is explained.  Is there a manual or just the silent 16 segment tutorial on how to (unsuccessfully) rotate units.  Why should I invest hours into figuring out what to do with this tiny, unintuitive game.  Why would I bother.  Forget it. Try again developers."
76561198018631597,Not Recommended,306660,30881653,Posted: 1 April,all,S74p13s,"great idea, bad controls. you tell a unit to charge,and they sit back. you tell a unit to turn,and they do not. you cannot see the line of sight easily. units will get massacred from behind without ever turning to face the foe. terrible execution with this one"
76561197967569880,Not Recommended,306660,13782640,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fizl(GER),i want a free modus where i can fight to the end and finish the other army.everytime in the middle of the fight the game ends and i win..i want not fight for points i want massacre the other army.boring game...
76561197970483712,Recommended,306660,12644965,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,vane303,"this is a very postive surprise. stylish, well done in regards to mechanics and good meta. a few bugs still, but definitely totally playable. found myself playing already 3x times longer than civ beyond earth. love the music :)"
76561198199397378,Not Recommended,306660,18966063,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,chende1215,you need to fix the game it is not near as much fun since the latest patch!!
76561198041287301,Not Recommended,306660,13975757,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Joakim,"I just played my first multiplayer game, it lasted 4 minutes 10/10 would not buy again"
76561197997705067,Not Recommended,306660,13949269,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Rommel,"I was very excited to play this game since I love what Darthmod did with several of the Total war games, however I was let down by this game.  I think it could be a good game, but the mechanics need more work and I dislike the interface.  When I tried to flank artillery with cavalry they just sit there and fire at range (yes I double-clicked per the tutorial instructions).  When units are in melee it's difficult to tell whether they are actually fighting or just moving.  The commands seem to be designed for touchscreen devices which is annoying when playing on a desktop.Like I said, I love his mods and civil war games in general, but I would not recommend this game in it's current condition."
76561198032415041,Not Recommended,306660,13974403,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Falcon,If it wasnt so glitchy it might be worth about $5. The game tends to crash about 60-70% of the battles and when it does you have to start over again. Graphically Inferior but overall gameplay is not bad if it doesn't crash. Campaign is rather short as it is just the Battle of Gettysburg.
,Not Recommended,306660,13766019,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,riveR,-Horrendous controls(drag units to move instead of just rightclicking the ground like EVERY RTS EVER)-Pointless cavalry(you cant even charge their artillery)-At best utilitarian grafics- Crashes on Alt TabThe only reason i can think of why people rated this so highly is because the last RTS they played was Gettysburg! 10 years ago. How any one could think this is even remotely better than any Total War game is entirely beyond me.
,Not Recommended,306660,20927439,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Hitler,"So, today I revisited this game. I purchased it a long time ago and it was a lot of fun! It had some issues like the confederates charges being overpowered and artillary just being plain un usable, but it was fun. I revisit it today to see what its like after the last few updates to find a complete cluster ♥♥♥♥ of unreasonable mess all over my screen. I attempted a new campaign, as the confederates, figuring it wouldn't be easy but hey, I've done it before. Ohhhhhhh no. When i finally got so fed up that I mashed the ALt and F4 keys like a hot mama making mashed potaoes for Sunday dinner, i believe my loses were somewhere around 5 to 1. Now mind you, I was being quite aggressive, but when the union an stand thier and litrally take lead to the face and just... just... whats the word... oh yea, absorb it while my numbers litrally fly down by the hundreds every volley? Holy ♥♥♥♥ it was awful. The game tells you to get in close with the confedrates as that is the only way they don't suck, but I Don't think I could get within a few hundred meters without my men spontaneously combusting! My opinion, its broken at this point, not sure if it is side baised or AI ♥♥♥♥ed, but 2/10 would not melt away again."
76561198075488993,Not Recommended,306660,15863206,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Spicy_Noodles,This game stinks! I wasted money on this! I'm a big fan of Sid Meier's Gettysburg but with this one the soldiers don't even shoot when they're in front of each other!
76561197975694633,Not Recommended,306660,24429213,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,DeusPepe,"This game has given me an insight into a new form of tactic one can apply on the battlefield. If the enemy is runing away you should also run away, just to be safe. What this means is that your brave brave soldiers will bravely run away when the first shot is fired, a thing i can understand, the muskets are very loud after all. I cannot recommend this game, the moral system is horrible, or then maybe im just really bad at it, but it feels kind of weird that you army runs away at the same time the enemy runs away."
76561197972585190,Recommended,306660,26754892,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Acid_Penguin,Decent game but superceded by UG: Civil War.
76561198180100247,Recommended,306660,16511179,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,3rdVA Dilloncoll,it is one of the best games i have ever played
76561197988468743,Not Recommended,306660,14565555,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Knightsodyssey,"I love world battling games of mass combat. However, i hated this game. It was boring. One battle over and over again. Never got the satisfaction of just whiping out enemy upon winning. It will just end once your at upper hand. Graphics were crap for this day in age. Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,306660,22189725,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,I saw this game that has three achievements. I thought it was going to be easy to 100%.I was wrong.
,Recommended,306660,21900316,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,For a full Review please visit:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8Rq0jnAyAkf1zjDhP60ARAand watch the video!
76561198020478329,Recommended,306660,11241592,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,southeebg,Rubbish. Very small units have fixed starting positions and you are basically guided through battles.
76561198050840167,Not Recommended,306660,14936490,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,dcoxlaw,"i recommend the game, if you can get it to work.  whenever i play the game i get a frozen screen and have to shutdown/reboot.  very frustrating because the game appears to be playable and real.  i can play for about 10 minutes then it shuts down."
76561197987062704,Not Recommended,306660,19641235,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,cbees60,worst game ever haven't seen this many troops retreat since th e Israeli - Egypian war ! not only do they retreat some retreat completely off the map
76561198008587748,Not Recommended,306660,19468664,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,sweet-kisses,"picked this up fairly cheap  as soon as i heard it was the brain child of darthmod. being a total war vet i though this may be a decent stop gap to warhammer total war.but i must say im a dissapointed. the AI is good yes, its easily the best part of the game.what  lets it down though is the controls and the visuals, and in the end becasue of the first 2... the gameplay.  fair enough its designed  to be played on a tablet but then why release it on pc?.the contols are horrific with no fine tuning, and its impossible to get any unit to exactly where you want them to be without constant minor adjustments. i knew what i was getting whith the graphics but with cover and line of sight being so important its just isnt clear enought whats goin on.  and before you know it its just a bum rush to victory point with thousands of men in in a small part of the map slogging away with volly fire. union troops are way better than confederate at this, the confederates have better melee and moral but a bayonet charge wont happen with low moral and if you do pull off a charge it counts down like 1 guy every 3 seconds or somthing. Not that quick and bloody  of an assault when there is 1600 guys a peice in a unit and 8 units in the brawl. so single player, i get my♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked as the rebels and i walk the fight when im the yankees.i tried MP to see if the campaign was just fluff. i couldnt find a match with my little 2 star general as there is no one online. After waiting an age i got matched up with some guy with about 9 stars and all the other decorations and expthe fight started after about 5 seconds of loading so i had no idea what the hell the mission was and i was swiftly swarmed and routed.   i really wana like this game and i probably will keep goin back to it as its still in development. But the fact its simply a tablet/phone game completley cripples it for me. i think the funds and effort would have been better applied  doing a US civil war complete over haul of empire or napoleon total war. easily in darthmods capability."
,Not Recommended,306660,19971686,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Edwin,"I really tried to like this game, having been a fan of Cid Meir's Gettysberg, but all in all it's unsatisfying. The game is just so simple - whether playing as Union or Confederate it's so so easy to beat the AI no matter what the setting. I gave it another go recently since they added an improved AI ""AI Boost"" but it's still very winnable without even really knowing what you are doing - just move the men in the direction of the enemy and watch them die!As well as the gameplay, the graphics are quite simple and it lacks polish - the menus are so basic it seems like not a lot of effort has gone into them.I haven't tried multiplayer - perhaps there is a lot more depth to it, but single player certainly can't hold my patience for long."
,Not Recommended,306660,18065468,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Teddybear,"I bought this game looking for a good Civil War fix and was sadly disappointed.  A few issues that I will point out.a.)  Units taking fire to the front (even in less than 20% cover, take no casualties, whereas fire from the flank causes catastrophic losses).  Sure, I understand that flank fire would cause more damage, but not 10-20x as much.b.)  Cavalry is useless.  I click charge, the unit literally runs halfway across the map in the other direction.c.)  Artillery does not unlimber.  It sits there and gets shot at for five minutes while I try to figure out how to get it to unlimber (because there is no button?  why?)d.)  Same charge issues with infantry...how do unlimbered (ie, pushed) guns run away from my charging troops?  Explain please.Ultimately, what I have found playing back and forth is that the defender wins 90% of the time.  Units set in defense fire, units attacking are often bugged and do not fire, so they just stand there and get shot at.  Because of the bad charge mechanics, the Confederates advantage in morale and skill (ie, hand to hand) is basically null and void.  Similarly, if trying to push guns forward to support an advance, you lose all of your guns because they bug and won't unlimber for four or five minutes (I timed this, actually).Because of this, I view this game as being pretty much unplayable.  It's no fun playing a strategy game when your strategy won't work because of bugs or flawed mechanics.  It makes no sense that when I order a bayonet charge, my troops just mill around in a big mass, neither attacking nor retreating.  It also makes no sense that units route in one or two volleys.If you want a good recreation of Gettysburg, maybe you should have modded Shogun 2 or another Total War game.  At least their units actually charge.  Also, I find the morale mechanics in Total War to actually be more realistic, as opposed to the units that run away when the enemy sneezes at them, or when they are sitting in an open field not even close to the fighting."
,Not Recommended,306660,33987796,Posted: 3 August,all,General Bin Laden 1 (Not 2),"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AT FULL PRICE.This game is good, but it is effectively only one level, and for $15, that isn't worth it. Buy it on sale, or get the complete version: Ultimate General: Civil War."
,Not Recommended,306660,13975749,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,sleepy,"I played a multiplayer match, it lasted six minutes.it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ like this game."
76561198027888726,Not Recommended,306660,13776208,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,raymond.dunning,"Well, I guess it is alright, but most bothersome is that the game ends earlier than you want it to...every time. You get a notice ""Army's are exhausted and need to rest and refit."" Whatever. Kind of a waste of money."
76561198029903975,Not Recommended,306660,13777234,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SugarySnax,Played only a few minutes but wasn't impressed or hooked. The game is pretty but a little cartoony and the effects are weak. The way your units move is kind of pretty in murmuration of birds sort of way. The battle is sanitized in its lack of gore. That might be a plus or minus for you. I didn't like it. The controls are odd and I can't see any improvement over all the other strategy games.Its not in the same league as Total War. Doesn't have much content. I would give it a 4 and that's generous.
76561198171526558,Not Recommended,306660,13798058,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,surfnc,"This game is OK. The civil war game is really an abandoned genre unfortunately.  This game is what I would consider a ""hack and slash"" RTS with no real strategy.  You basically just line your troops up and out flank the enemy.  No real emphasis on position or cover just sliding armies over and out flanking.  Strategy beyond the immediate battle field, you get like two choices ""defend this flank"" or ""attack this hill"" which is really just their way of asking if you want 1 of three different battlefield maps they have available."
,Recommended,306660,26714242,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The Knight of The Abyss,"Very fun, Very Challenging, 10/10"
,Recommended,306660,10435421,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,The Grand Strategy Nerd,"Amazing. While I did not see a tutorial the basic movements are easy to pick up. This game is the Civil War game we have been waiting for since Sierra's CW Generals 2 became obsolete.If this is Early Access, imagine the entire American Civil War or major campaigns! Solid gameplay right now, no crashes in my game."
,Not Recommended,306660,16607200,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,KevinStorm,"This is basically an updated version of Sid Meier's Gettysburg! from forever ago.  I spent entirely too much time playing that.  It's a fantastic game even today.The main difference is, while this is pretty much the same game re-designed on modern hardware with some prettier graphics, a lot of the features seem to be removed.  No varying formations, unit-specific orders like volley, etc.  All you really do is drag units around and watch them fight.It's a fun little game, though, and worth a discounted price.  Don't expect anything resembling a deep experience, or anything more than a very simple arcade strategy game, and you won't be disappointed.  But, given the descriptions hailing it as some wonderous new amazing tactical civil war game, I have to say no."
76561198052695841,Not Recommended,306660,22250928,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,jabaxman,waste
76561198083978183,Not Recommended,306660,17856204,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,jhew123,not for me sorry
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,306660,33662674,Posted: 19 July,all,WHOOLEE,"A cheap budget game with little depth, try it in a sale."
76561198006836070,Not Recommended,306660,11266280,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Mongoose McMoose,"I don't recommend this game - not because it's a bad game, on the contrary, it's a decent game - but because it isn't what it tries to be. And that game it's desperately trying to be is Sid Meier's Gettysburg, the old and apparently peerless classic. Unfortunately, where Sid Meier's game shone, this game seems lackluster.The pacing of Ultimate General is too fast, depriving the battles of any kind of tension as crises are resolved too quickly one way or another. Where SMG was a rising crescendo of fury, with pitched battles raging back and forth as you and the AI threw more and more regiments into the fray, UGG is a sharp, brief clash where one side suddenly buckles under fire and before you can say ""boo!"" all of the losing troops are on the run. What could be a slow, considered, developing battle is instead turned into a click-fest as you scramble back and forth between the two wings of your line pushing bridages back into formations.The developer claims to have an advanced, challenging AI, which is patently untrue. At no point in any of the battles (and I've played the game on highest difficulty from both sides) had I felt that the fight was going to turn dangerously against me. He is easy to outmaneuver, nor does he guard flanks or give up a forward position to establish better lines with reserves farther back. Only the speed of the game manages to mask the inabilities of the AI, as most breakthroughs occur because you were busy managing your line elsewhere. This isn't AI brilliance, it's just frustrating. One brigade will fall back 50 yards out of range of fire, while the adjoining brigades stay online and get hammered for their trouble. If you don't catch your unit falling back and hold them by the hand and drag them back into line, your line is liable to fail.What the game does get right is the ""individual battles within a battle"" method of progressing Gettysburg (which, I might add, is straight out of SMG) through the 3 days of fighting. It provides a realistic ebb and flow of combat as the sides rest and resupply between phases of battle. Where UGG misses on this count, however, is that you can give the Yankees a crushing defeat, taking Seminary, Oak, and Cemetary Ridges all in the same battle, and with the blue-bellies routing before you and victory in sight, the battle will end and in the next phase you find yourself fighting over the same piece of battlefield. It makes you wonder why you even bothered fighting so hard. On the other side of the coin, a brilliant defense on the first day as the Union will still see you inexplicably falling back to Cemetary Hill.The big #1 miss of this entire game is that there in no multiplayer support. The fairly even-strength fighting in this battle is perfectly suited for multiplayer action. There is no current comperable title to UGG. Another ACW offering, Gettysburg: Scourge of War has a multiplay option, but the game is incredibly dense and sports a learning curve that means new players will be massacred failry easily. UGG's simple, elegant design lends itself easily to buy-and-play multiplay where a new player will be competent in a few sessions. Without any similiar offerings on Steam, UGG could potentially corner the American Civil War mulitplayer market - and it would be a great multiplayer game.Final words: UGG is an okay game - almost a tablet game in the way it looks and handles. If you're into face-value easy to play, easy to master RTS, this game could your next favourite. If you're more like me and you prefer deep strategy like Hearts of Iron, Europa Universalis and so on, you might want to give this one a miss."
,Not Recommended,306660,33641393,Posted: 18 July,all,Gen0,"Developer used this game to fund what I consider to be the full complete version Ultimate General: Civial War.  Nice to know I could help you by purchasing this boring, bland, simple game I put almost no time into before falling asleep playing it!"
76561198035644512,Not Recommended,306660,13772783,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ass Hat,"Dont waste your money, play Empire Total War!Shoot a volley into enemy, maybe 20 killed, then they do the same 50. This happenes over and over. Men randomly run away for no reason so most of my time is not enjoying the battle but watching my men like big brother making sure they do what they are told which they dont.Make the game more like the total wars and not a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor copy of an arcade game!At best, 4/10."
76561198008712843,Not Recommended,306660,34435874,Posted: 23 August,all,Eljaysh,"Bought this to check if the next game in the series that's being pushed at £22 is worth it and wish I'd saved the £10 this cost.It's a brave attempt at a tactical simulation but not for anyone who likes the history and understands the tactics and weapons of the campaign. It starts well but the AI certainly isn't good; it's just loaded against the player. In what world can a gun battery survive the fire of a 1,000 springfied muskets and then break those troops with canister - it certainly doesn't work if the player tries it. The casualty write down figures against each unit illustrate the nerfing of the AI units, you can watch 3 to 1 superiority ticking the enemy figures down more slowly than your own casualty counters. Fight as the Union and you get told you have numerical superiority and huge Rebel units then turn up in historically unexpected places and move at suspiciously high speed down a flank whilst ignoring cannon fire. The list goes on.I'd love to like this: the controls are good, it looks good the map is a good representation of the ground. Such a shame the devs have been so lazy."
,Not Recommended,306660,10485632,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,f  l  e  X ` Can't Aim,"Needs a lot of tweaking on the gameplay.AI just uses one regiment of throwaway soldiers to run around and capture victory points in your rear. Not through a tactical maneuver with forces to hold it, just a ninja and then they run off to cap the next one while you're still fighting the main battle.Pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you're the confederates without cavalry.Also, seems to be a little fudging of the numbers of Union vs Confederates on the first day.Seems like the devs wanted 2:1 odds in the Union favour. 3 divisions of Rebs against the entire 1st Corps?Nuff said."
76561198012337394,Not Recommended,306660,12731734,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Utraque,"In 1997, Sid Meier released Gettysburg...A classic and a forerunner to the Total War series (Shogun debuted a whole 3 years later in 2000). Fast forward 17 years and enter Ultimate General: Gettysburg...I thought to myself, ""How could this go wrong?""Let's list some of the advantages:- Sid Meier's work, with> proven gameplay, great audio, and an established narrative+ 17 years of graphical advancements+ 17 years of UI progress+ revolutionized online gaming (so long 56K)+ a modder from the TW communitySeemed like a perfect formula, right? This guy will be the Christopher Nolan to our Batman, right?Within 2 hours I came to terms with the awful mistake I'd made. This is the first Steam game I've ever actively *wanted* to return after playing.- 165 cavalrymen chased down by a 2000-man brigade.- No limber button for artillery? No formation select for infantry?- 2500 men clash in a charge and NO ONE dies for 30 seconds?- Poor production value, with audio that falls behind a 1997 gameWhy not have a true fog of war? Volumetric clouds of gunpowder smoke on the battlefield. Nothing! I honestly tried to like this game. I installed it. Uninstalled it. Re-installed it.Sorry, but this is one Civil War story better lost to history.EDIT: Once Steam made it easier to delete games this joke was trashed for good.Also, every friend on Steam only played it for 1.1-1.8 hours. Go figure."
76561198030893346,Not Recommended,306660,12660834,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Polar Bear in Pants,"When I read about this game I bought it immediately because I'm a big fan of this genre and fascinated by the Civil War. Also, I was exited to see the game these devs would come up with. Unfortunatly, it's my opinion that this game is extremely unsatisfying and also difficult to master. The closest comparison to UG: Gettysburg is probably Empire: Total War although this game lacks meny of the features that made Empire a great game. Here's a couple:1. The controls don't give you much of a toolbox to lead the battle. Because of these bad controls (and the fast pace of the battles) you won't have time (or the tools) to form proper defensive/offensive lines because you have to control each unit individually.2. Because of the morale feature and the controls being like they are, I've spent most of the battle time repeatingly dragging each unit towards the front as they pull back every chance they get (you have to command them to ""HOLD"" after they arrive at each location, but no player (or real commander) can be everywhere at once. This just takes away every satisfaction I would normally get when playing a game of this sort becaus I have to spend all my time doing things a general shouldn't have to do.3. The terrain is hard to read as everything looks flat. Being about the battle of Gettysburg, everything should really be about defense/attack on high ground. In a way it is, because the ridges are victory point, but there doesn't seem to be any difference between fighting in the open or on top of a hill. I can't say whether or not the terrain gives any kind of bonus/penalty like getting a bonus when on high ground. What I can say, is that it sure doesn't feel like it. The things I thought would be important in a game like this (like digging in and defending a hilltop or setting up defences along rivers and other obstacles) doesn't seem to have any effect at all.In short, I just don't see the point of playing this game and I'm quite disappointed in the results. Can't recommend it... :-("
76561198018627141,Not Recommended,306660,10887039,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DuckHunter,"At the moment i only got to spend what, a couple of minutes of testing this game. after these minutes are gone my game just crashes on start up. I really can't believe that a game this promising would start to do that. i would not recommend the game at its current state which will include bugs and all that jazz. Don't buy it now just wait till everything is fixed."
76561197982854553,Recommended,306660,12591688,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Sage,"holy crap, yes!Excellent AI, realistic and dynamic tactical game play. Attractive, but ultimately adequate graphics.Cons: some issues with Artillery LOS, and no advanced difficulty options. Devs have said they are address the arty issue in the first patch."
76561198005919137,Not Recommended,306660,19653319,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Provoker,"So, let's get it straight (or gay, what ever you preference is, just don't touch the cat) I'm a Total War fan, and I was really, really excited (Scarlet Johansson home video excited) when I found out that one of the best TW modders (whose mods I used) is making a game of his own. I bought this a while ago, but only today I had a chance to finally play it, and (with the abovementioned levels of excitement and 90% positive reviews) I was expecting a ""sex bomb of a strategy game). And I got disappointed, Ben Affleck is the new Batman type disappointed.I love the idea, I like the map, but, BUT, as a TW player I'm used to position my troops precisely and to have a proper line of sight. With this type of controls (and partially this is the issue of the Unity engine I would imagine) I was in pain and it really ruined the experience for me. The other major disappointment was the King of Battle, no clear line of sight and for whatever reason my artillery was always utterly slow (whichever side I would chose) while the AI would have a much better reload speed.For a first game it's OK, but I can't really recommend it to strategy lovers.One Grumpy Russian score - 5/10 -this 2d models lack the positioning and precision for me to make my vodka shots.P.S.For more reviews joinhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/ogrreview/"
,Not Recommended,306660,34872991,Posted: 10 September,all,Von Mackensen,"3/10 - great promise but barely playableThe controls are so bad it gets really frustrating to try to perform any action on this game. Moving a brigade is an exercise in precision mouse handling, canceling a move order is impossible, you tell your troops to hold and they start retreating, your canons are useless with round shot and disobey your fire commands all the time, your regiments disobey your fire orders all the time, and don't get me started on charging....I mean, the core mechanic of the game is completely broken:* Your brigades are almost always with the charge button disabled* If enabled, most times, the brigade just breaks charge and just stands there being shot at like complete idiots, not even firing back nor running... 2000 man charging a 400 man unit lose 30 and their reaction is to stop and stand there being shot at... ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous.* But if by the willingness of the evil gods that rule this game your units happen to finish a charge, they will not start killing instantly... no, that would be too easy. They will stop in front of the enemy, walk around, walk through the enemy brigade, and only then start killing. All this while being shot at.By the way, on this game, an artillery brigade can flee from a cavalry brigade."
,Not Recommended,306660,29608650,Posted: 31 January,all,[FUNMEN] Ulysses Porkins,"Solid but ultimately (haha) unsuccessful attempt to unseat Sid Meier's Gettysburg as the best Gettysburg game. UMG has some great things going for it, especially its appealing presentation and elegant interface.Unfortunately there's a few really irritating rough spots that kill my enjoyment of this game. Line of sight can be very finicky and it's not always clear why your units aren't firing when it seems like they've got a clear shot. Same goes for the numerous times when your units will block one another from firing for no apparent reason. Units often behave unpredictably when they retreat, frequently running TOWARDS the enemy and suffering massive casualties. Scenarios sometimes feel like they drag on too long, especially when they go into extra time. Finally, the sound design is very flat and too quiet -- itstead of the roar of battle, it's more of a mutter.I replayed Sid Meier's Gettysburg after playing UMG and honestly I think it's a better game in almost every way: more interesting scenarios (with some very entertaining set-up explaining what's going on), better unit behavior, a viciously competent AI, more control over your units, and superior sound design. It was one of the first games I ever owned, and 15 years later I'm still enjoying the hell out of it."
,Not Recommended,306660,19776211,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,WillFMisDope.com (Will F.M),Tutorial was extreamly lacking. Explained nothing on why my units couldn't see an area. No explination to anything other than just how to move guys around. Just go buy EU4 or Crusaider Kings.
,Not Recommended,306660,33233363,Posted: 4 July,all,Chromeo,"This game is a tablet clone and it shows. The controls are atrocious, and clearly designed for a touch screen device. On top of this, the game is just dull in general, 3 types of units and that's all you get. Yes it's designed on the civil war, but surely each unit wasn't identical to that extent. Obviously this is a budget title but these days you can get Empire Total War or Shogun Total War 2 for the same price and they give a much much more compelling simulation of line infantry combat. Overall, I can't see anything to reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,306660,15533005,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Weber,biggest waste of money ive spent this year
,Recommended,306660,32651736,Posted: 22 June,all,Connor,Love it
76561197981798695,Not Recommended,306660,12537092,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,brucewee,"The game didn't hook me.I've played for about 1.5 hours and it just seemed to drag on. It felt like the battles were playing themselves and that my actions had little effect on the outcome. A full frontal assault or flank from the side results in the same outcome.The gameplay is slow and bland. I don't see why other game reviews have given this game such positive remarks. I may be missing something about game mechanics or strategy, but I'm not motivated to look any deeper because I'm already bored with everything I've seen so far.I recommend passing on this game."
,Not Recommended,306660,12674236,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Прометей,"Seemed like a cool game from the trailer and such, but once I started playing I felt like I was just dragging around units for no reason, because they always seem to do one of several things, including running away (despite having massive advantages in numbers), and not charging or attacking the enemy I told them to.  Honestly, I kind of wish I could get my money back."
,Not Recommended,306660,13761575,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,QuillGuard,Not a good game.max 5 $
76561198037306785,Not Recommended,306660,16558650,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,GrimmReaper,I do not recommend this game to anyone even though it is cheap still i would not waste your money on this game
76561197974073331,Not Recommended,306660,12809310,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Punisher_1,Seems buggy.For example I have had an 1300 man strong unit standing on a enemy position and simply not eliminate them.I have had enemy units surrounded and my units seems to be not so effective nor will the enemy units route when faced with potential decimation.  Sent in a 6000 man strong charge to no effect.Artillery is a joke still trying how to use it properly because it has a mind of its own. Quite often it's not doing anything and when it does it's too late. Placed on a hill top perfect aim on the enemy positions and taking a coffee break?Putting units in cover to protect them is a solid tactical plan but not in this game. The cover option does not seem to offer up much benefit. While attacking units in the open it seems like little to no benefit noticed.Larger units running from smaller ones for no good reason.Was there not some fooking horses in the South? NOT in this game seems they left that out even if there was 1.7 million used with the Southern Armies. Where's my Southern Calvary? Horse drawn Artillery?My disappointment is the one sidedness of this game...... It needs some work.Can I get a refund?
76561198085069396,Not Recommended,306660,23319522,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,hopperrd,Being I am from the South I like to play the South side.  I have fought the opening battle to one victory and a couple draws.  The rest of the battle is not even worth playing.  There is no-way you can win.  The troops are cowards and run at the first volly. I would like to win more than once .
,Not Recommended,306660,16530517,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Powell,I was really looking forward to this but was horribly let down.
76561198188790819,Recommended,306660,32701897,Posted: 23 June,all,Ace,Good game.  Have fun.
76561198203698828,Not Recommended,306660,31508920,Posted: 2 May,all,Commander Straker,"An SMG lite clone, fun enough in its day, but basically abandonware now. The game never quite felt finished, probably because most of the development effort was being directed towards its successor, Ultimate General Civil War, which unfortunately doesn't have multiplayer.  Still, if you like playing with yourself, the sequel is probably the way to go."
,Not Recommended,306660,12540318,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Xenophon,"Nice try.  Really bad controls.  Near impossible to understand how to line soliders and to direct fire.=Edit after additional time=Overall, I'm extremely disappointed in this game.  Coming from a love of the previous Sid Meier Gettysburg, I was genuinely excited for this release.  For those who remember that game, this is only similar in terms of topic.  This game differs in the unintuitive controls, no real indication how tactical manuvers affect the battle, a laughably and pathetically contructed ""tutorial"" that provides no real entry into the game, and a general feeling that i'm just WATCHING the battle rather than trying to doing anything that can affect it.  Not feeling like you control a battle as a commander is a big no no for a strategy game.In short: looks nice, trys hard, fails spectacularlyEdit: After a few more hours and patches....nope, game still sucks."
76561197964177948,Not Recommended,306660,12634632,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,TheKaiser,"Its like I went back in time 20 years - because its like this game was designed in a vacuum and all of the great usability improvements in RTS games since the original Gettysburg came out were completely ignored.  For example, you have to control click to select multiple units instead of shift click, selecting multiple units is done by *drawing* a circle around them (what is this an iPad game?), rotating units is unnecessarily difficult as the direction for them to face does not snap to where your cursor is so you will end up spinning the direction box around a couple of times before you get it right.  The biggest thing for me is that there is no way to tell units to move to a certain position and face a certain direction - you have to tell them to move and then when they get there turn them around, why?  No idea but its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when you have 10+ units moving which you have to babysit because they will end up facing wherever the ♥♥♥♥ they want.The game could be fun but you will literally spend 99% of the gameplay fiddling with your units trying to get them to form a line.  Too bad Steam doesn't give refunds - horrible purchase. Great premise but awful execution."
,Not Recommended,306660,24573948,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,JayPeePee,you cna only play one match... disappointment
76561198068602197,Not Recommended,306660,10743076,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,rumrunner90,"I know this game is still in the early acess stage, but I cant even get the thing to launch. I open the game through my steam library and I get to the start menu, then the game shows me a window saying the game has crashed. Waste of $10 I could've spent on gas."
76561198009664932,Not Recommended,306660,12675369,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,tobrien,This piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥stopped working the day after I paid for it. It is garbage and a scam
76561198162466494,Not Recommended,306660,12867071,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,fnsimple,"Defintaley NOT Sid Meiers Antietam or Gettysburg.  The unit cohesion is very similar as well as the over all appearance, but all similarities stop there.First there is no regimental command level.  You can not break up a brigade to send out a regiment of skirmishers.  which leads me to my second dissapointment.There is no way to change a units formation.  You can not put a unit into column, skirmishers, or refuse a line.  There are ""skirmishers"" within the game but they are stuck as such.What good are cavalry?  I understand the over all lack of fighting ability of cavalry against infantry, but seriously, some skirmishing power would be nice.  Also, if cavalry runs down a battery of guns guess who ends up running.  You certainly can not capture them.I am also not sure what the metrics are for flanking.  I had an enemy bridage flanked and fought them off when they charged yet they continued to hang around and be a nuisance when they should have been completely routed.  I know the rout is possible because I have had some of my own brigades break.Over all if you are looking for the second coming of the classic Sid Meiers then this is not it.  While it is 10x closer than the joke ""Total War"" series, it is to simple to be considered a serious replacement.  I might recommend it for $5, but not $15"
76561197983653119,Not Recommended,306660,12660924,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,NeoGeo,"I loved Sid meiers Gettysburg when it came out. I also loved the light arcade styl game ""North and Souht"" for the Amiga500.When I saw Ultimate General Gettysburg, I thought it could become an true sequel to Sid meier Gettysburg, with all the great game elements I loved so much.But instead UGG is an huge step backwards, and cant compete to SMG  in any aspect. Cant Aim with artillerie, cant split up my brigades, cant change any formations--> NOTHING.Only Bulky Infanterieblobs  can be moved with one finger on the tablet, thats the  achievement this arcade style game got.UGG is an light arcadegame and more an sequel to ""north and souht"" rather  then an sequel to famous Sid meiers Gettysburg."
,Not Recommended,306660,13091184,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,FlamboCortez,Until the freezing issues are fixed i cannot recommend this game.
76561198111925153,Not Recommended,306660,33926271,Posted: 31 July,all,tone,"The game is so nearly good, but time moves FAR too fast for it to be the thinking game it wants to be.  Pausing a Keystone Cops-paced battle is no substitute for a battle where troops move and fight at land speeds under 35 MPH.At the very least, add an option to scale the time, and indicate what setting corresponds to reality."
76561198110522077,Not Recommended,306660,11468017,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,savas3x,"I ll put it that way "" i was starving to death and they gave m a breadcrump "" ,thats not a game its a small part of a game.I ended it in 3 hours ,there is no point at all .And to avoid any missunderstanding ,there is great strategy philosophy , v.good new controls of the units ,the role of commanders seems insignificant from my view ,historically acurate as much i know ,should contain at least Chancelorville and Grant s  campaign or (in case of a Cnf. victory) a new scenario   p.ex. siege of Wasington.And a question about us the early access players ,when its complete will we have the chance to get the elements of the game which we would lack?"
,Not Recommended,306660,21860899,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,nice,This game has a confederate flag so its racism it offends me
76561197986554195,Not Recommended,306660,12947936,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,prinsloogc,"I really love the game, but after the latest patch is has become too unstableto play anymore.. what a shame..:("
76561198022297792,Not Recommended,306660,24621872,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,usm1903,union arty fires into town they didnt do that same with infanry tell how they can fire acrross gettsburg what is the ground scale in this game
,Not Recommended,306660,11485123,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Balthasar Gelt,"It's basically a single battle scenario (I'm going to presume you can work out which battle) in which most combat is non-decisive. You wont be pulling a Victorian Caesar (Hammer and Anvil) here; rather you will be engaging the enemy, pushing them back a bit but not crushing their units. Breakthroughs don't occur in the video game sense, but rather in the realistic sense.The game also has a tendency to crash just when you're starting to feel proud of yourself, forcing you to completely restart the single battle scenario that you bought for £6.I personally don't like it, it's not punchy and decisive enough, but if you enjoy the Darthmod style of combat then I'd say you should pick this game up when it's £2.99 at most. If you're more into smashing your enemies as in vanilla Total War then you may as well skip this or buy it when it's £1.99 or less."
76561197992251532,Not Recommended,306660,10650136,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,mactheknife,"This is truly a boring game, its only about pressing a button to make your army move forward and thats it."
76561198131507192,Not Recommended,306660,13321665,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,jack,"This game totally sucks. The AI completely ignores any achievements made by the active player in terms of VP taken. Now, you try to direct fire and the units are firing on completely empty areas where no troops are present. That happens over and over again."
,Not Recommended,306660,23089832,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,HOLYLUCAS,Before you buy listen to this:this game is extremely unrealistic.  Even if you have more than 1 thousand troops the ammount your opponent does your troops  will still coward out and run away.
76561198028791609,Not Recommended,306660,14314552,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Stooge,"First, there is a bug where you cannot load a saved game, at least not an auto save game. This hasn't been fixed in almost a month. Something like this should be hot fixed and not require us to wait for a full patch.Second, various things in the game just don't make sense. I had 2,000 troops charge into one cannon unit of 100 men, and they didn't wipe it out. Literally 2,000 men surrounding an artillery unit and they don't wipe it out. They didn't even wipe out 10% of them. That makes no sense. Artillery caught out in the open by 2,000 men are just dead. There is no hail mary save for them. They are D-E-A-D. Not in this game though. I took more damage then they did. Makes no sense. It was at that point I stopped playing. I honestly have no idea why this game gets all these awesome reviews. It lacks basic common sense."
76561197973505770,Not Recommended,306660,15996827,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Justice,what a load of crap.old school game from the 90sbut what do i know only ever had 1 or 2 games????
76561198011300382,Not Recommended,306660,23476995,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Tannumber17,"""Hey guys, let's take all of the streamlined controls for RTS games and  then not use them because we can make a worse, clumsier version""- the pitch meeting for Ultimate General: Gettysburg (probably)"
76561198121400679,Not Recommended,306660,22206536,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,votarylau,This game sucks
76561197995494613,Not Recommended,306660,29113928,Posted: 8 January,all,Shifticus,"Short, clunky, out dated, dont pay over $5.00 for this. Map is hard to read and understand why your arttillery has no line of sight but a unit right next to it does. Doesnt make sense when a 1500 man infantry unit cant overrun a 40 man artillery unit and ends up retreating when they are right next to it. Despite having 8 x times the enemy vitory points at the end the game only called it a ""costly victory"", even though I killed more enemy troops as well."
,Not Recommended,306660,14411612,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Panduur1,"First Impressions of this game were great. Everything looked so fluid on the battelfield, even the little lines indicating troop marching direction. The little sounds of trumpets and drums were cool too.I finished the first battle, ""hell yea"" I thought, ""I am the ultimate General"". The men celebrated our victory, proposing toasts to their heroic leader. ""To the next battle"" I declared. Upon loading the second battle I was rather confused... I had just fought this battlefield, why am I back here... after a momemnts confusion I went back to the main menu and reloaded the second battle. YET AGAIN SAME BATTLEFIELD.... 'Okay', I thought, '♥♥♥♥ this ill get one of my friends to buy it so we can play MP. Surely thats better'My friend fortunately bought the game and we commenced our first battle. I thought to myself that this would be an easy victory, considering I was the ultimate general, and he was but a mere plebian forced into command. He began by charging in his troops, all at the same time, up a hill towards me. HA, i thought, he does not truely understand how valuable it is to have the higher ground, and has no true understanding of flanking. ""FIRE"" I called to all my musketmen... there was a pause, ""FIRE GODDAMIT, FIRE"", he was getting closer... ""WHY WONT YOU FIRE YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S"", he was now almost in contact with all my muskets. Within a few meters of them interacting all my man began to flee. Wtf is going on, i thought to myself... how could this be... Not a single one of my troops faced the oncomming charge, but instead, fled for the lives. THIS MADE NO SENSE. Next battle, I have cav, charge cav, they run, everything runs, everyone is a ♥♥♥♥♥ in this game. I figured the way to win is to simply put all your troops on charge and charge right into the heart of the enemy, GG.tl;dr♥♥♥♥♥♥game, dont buy. If you do buy, tell one of your friends to buy it so you feel a little better for buying it yourself."
76561198006439655,Not Recommended,306660,28926188,Posted: 1 January,all,[FOW]Campbell1004,"I bought this because I really like strategy games, and I watched multiple videos online before I decided to purchase it. But, this game is the only game I have ever refunded on steam.I played the game on normal difficulty, and was overwhelmed pretty quickly by the enemy. It didn't make sense why I seemed to be losing. So, I put the game on the easiest setting and tried again. And again, I got destroyed by the AI.The moral of the story is that this is not a fun, easy-going war game. It is difficult, and it is not what I was looking for in a video game.If you sat down to watch a historic war movie and a documentary came on instead, you'd be living an apt metaphor for what I went into when I got this game."
,Not Recommended,306660,33479066,Posted: 12 July,all,Drunken Master,zero unit formation controlzero unit fire controlszero unit leadership controlsThis game is a piece ofcrap...yo?
76561198034666043,Not Recommended,306660,11799991,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,yongbing1,"Needs some work on tactical. Without this being done the game will remain a slugfest for it does not allow for the complete concept of battle, As it is at the moment, it has potential but that potential is either to be realised or not. If not, the game may be satisfying to most because they know really little of the complete concept of how battles are set up and how they are won. The generals at Gettysburg itself were not as knowledgeable in the concepts as they should have been. So, until it becomes a fully conceived game, meaning battle set up and how battles actually get won, then, if these mechanisms are not both part of the game then I cannot recommend the game."
,Recommended,306660,29853589,Posted: 11 February,all,DrFDisK,♥♥♥♥ YOU STEAM - I JUST ♥♥♥♥ING LIKE THE GAME - YOU DONT NEED A ♥♥♥♥ING EXPLANATION.
,Not Recommended,306660,28964592,Posted: 2 January,all,meat injection,"Make sure not to accidentally move your Union troops even slightly while under confederate fire, or they will break.  Make sure to always be charging, as the Confederates, and you will win.  This is not a good game.  Just play Sid Meier's Gettysburg instead."
76561198003571402,Not Recommended,306660,34045806,Posted: 5 August,all,zhŭlt sudkov,The gameplay is broken. Units not following orders given. They dont fire even at very close range.
76561198008849906,Not Recommended,306660,12576937,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,[S8J] Alidrules,So the basic premis of the game is as this... csa is only good at charging nothing else.  The union army have better shooting moral and cannons. The game is highly unbalanced and even from a realism aspect confederate troops at this stage of the war were less likely to run in combat than their union counterparts. Far better shots and their cannon fire was still very effective. I watched 7 cannon batteries of 70+ unload point blank into a union formation and it only ticked 10 units off. Meanwhile. 1 union battery took out over 500 men from one unit with shell fire. I expected more from the creator of darthmod. If there was a way to get my money back I would take it. oh and yes i played the union side of it as well and the above comments remain true.
,Not Recommended,306660,34464627,Posted: 24 August,all,Russians are worse than monkeys,nice to see we wasted money for this bland version of this game its just simple trash
76561198006876821,Not Recommended,306660,34203083,Posted: 12 August,all,Ravenscar,"It really is a mess - the average review of ""Unpolished, cheaty unfun AI, weird control features"" are pretty much on point."
76561198277072555,Not Recommended,306660,28667277,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,thomasgtto,il ressanble  a loretre
76561198258456667,Not Recommended,306660,30643438,Posted: 20 March,all,freddy king,it was impossible unless you are a retired civil war genral (which i am not) it was over priced and there are better games for around the same amount like EMPIRE TOTAL WAR
76561198015535023,Not Recommended,306660,16712879,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ParanoidCity,"This is my first review ever. written in anger. so there will be a lot of writing/grammar errors. live with it.now over to the game. it is... well.. nicely put, Sucky...  I had the computer on easy, flanked around with a unit, took out all his guns.I  held the points on the map. I did flanking manuvers. one in front, two comming in at the  back sides. on every enemy  unit.   it should be shooting fish in a barrel. but noooo. he just stood there, took it all with minimum casualties.  took out 1/3 of my units. and retreated.  and then we did it all over again. I even tried to hold the high ground while flanking. same result.and my cannons ... ah.. yes. they did nothing,. one of his units stood for half the duration in the bombardment and he hardly noiced it when it came to casualties.when all was said and done. I ended up with a minor defeat, even tho i had managed to take out 1000 more troops than he had. and  held the points on the map that I was supposed to...if you like a game that is bloody unfair. or you somehow got some magic tactics brain that comes up with strategys don't involve flanking. then  go for it, its not very expencive. but  its not realy worth it, even if you are somekind of rainman with tactics."
76561198006686203,Not Recommended,306660,23712707,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Jimmtron,"bought this on mega sale. dont care for it at all, wouldnt play if it was free"
,Not Recommended,306660,33104232,Posted: 1 July,all,Dreadlord,"As an Ultimate General  Gettysburg owner I feel underappreciated by the developers that I wasn't offered something for my early support of the game, this was my first and last time doing so! As for the full game I'm passing not even the steam summer sale isn't enough to entice me dole out more money. As for the game I have NOTHING to say good, bad or otherwise."
76561198134719961,Not Recommended,306660,23720430,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,vance.carter.1969,sucks♥♥♥♥
76561198028378815,Not Recommended,306660,10440469,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,LouC,frustrating control system.  Terrain system is an 2d image map with different speed settings.
76561198009124389,Recommended,306660,10497017,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,russellmoxley,"Great game, update add some period music and keep going lets have Waterloo next!"
,Recommended,306660,10440892,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,LochWesMonster,"Realistic fighting, very smart AI, overall very good. To be in beta , it's very solid with no major glitches that I've encountered yet. VERY STRATEGIC. If you just like to throw your troops at the enemy, you're gonna have a bad time. I love the fact that reserves are very important, and used like they were in the actual war. Right now there's not much to the game(it's in beta of course) and there's not much to do once you play a few rounds. I can't wait for updates to the game, and I hope it grows."
76561197981121103,Recommended,306660,10456497,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Mogsey,"What a breath of fresh air!!Really great game which deserves to sell many copies. The whole game is so fluid that i was capable of getting to grips with it within my first 5 mins of play.Even on the lowest AI setting the game gave me a great fight first time out.It's been a long time since i have had my backside handed to me in a strategy game and for that i applaud Darth for this sterling effort.Best of luck with the production of this game, it deserves full credit.The god of total war mods brings us a gem.A*"
,Recommended,306660,10488884,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,fdsdh1,"Great game really captures the scale of a battlefield, it's control system is very good allowing for more precise movements of units on the battlefield. The game is also not very demanding which means it can be run on almost any system. The ai is excellent and challenging and there are several innovative difficulty options available. If you like the total war series (and Darthmod) you will enjoy this game."
76561198019691509,Recommended,306660,10490643,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Bunkerusa,"i bought the game today ,it worth it.......not slow or crach like many other games do .........they did good, who is making this game ...............i cant wait for more ,my ideals ,,,,,,,,,for the game ........we can buy guns in the game and give the troops ,and also it show what guns the men have ,like the old gettysburg ,......please show  how high the ground is for art i,it was slow for me were i wanted to put my art till i found the right place. put hight  in the game the hight of ground so i know were to put my art  ,,I look all the time in the game ,,,can you fix that ......ps this is a good game"
,Recommended,306660,10490930,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Blackfyre,"If you liked Empire: Total War and Napoleon: Total War (or even going back further: Sid Meier's Gettysburg and Antietam), you're definitely going to like this. Made by Darth, the guy who made vanilla AI in Total War games much, much smarter.This game gives you the option of choosing what type of enemy commander you want to face and its strategies will actually end up suprising you.Several times now, I've had unexpected reinforcements pop up suddenly or dissappearing into the fog of war only to reappear on my vulnerable flanks when and where I least expect them.The graphics are great; certainly not of the level of a Total War game, but more like a 21st century update for Sid Meier's Gettysburg. There's no music and the sounds are mostly limited to shouting men, shooting guns and drums, so that could probably still use some work.Keep in mind that this is an early access game, so there are bound to be bugs, crashes and weird behaviour, but overall; I highly recommend it to anyone interested in a challenging historical wargame."
,Recommended,306660,10923465,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,John Bonham's liver,"A game with a lot of potential, and it's great fun. Though it encompasses just a single battle, it has a surprising amount of replay value as well. Buy it and support its development."
,Recommended,306660,10924805,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Chopperblast,"Great game. The strategic overview is great, the movement and interface is functional and not distracting, which leaves you to focus on the game/strategy. Very nice historical map that truly adds to the authenticity. The AI is highly challenging, tried dynamic and wow, was I beat down. Like it, look forward to playing the complete product. 8 out of 10"
76561198031941703,Recommended,306660,10926326,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Midge,This is what you get ---Its' a Darth game------nuff said!Oh by the way ---forget TW--the AI reacts ♥♥♥♥♥♥it up and the AI will smash you---no more AI flocking like swallows!---but if you set your brigades/corps properly balanced you win[sort of--- the next part of battle gives you whole new set of problems to contend with]it's not the full game yet---but it's got enough to keep RTS fans salavating about whats to come.Buy it---at this price ---hell yes!
76561198006540343,Recommended,306660,10876715,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Janus,"A true follow up to Sid Meiers Gettysburg, in style, subject and gameplay. The AI is one of the better ones i have seen in ages."
76561198039232955,Recommended,306660,10877726,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,bubbatech83,i wpould like to say this is a great game but unfortunetly it is not evening working i paid for this and windows will not run it
76561198081993398,Recommended,306660,10879898,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AkisTheGReat,Even though it has some optimization problems mainly due to the fact that it is still in the pre-release phase this game is definetely one of the very best battle simulators i have ever played.
,Recommended,306660,10872520,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TheRomanRuler FIN,"Love the game, i have never spend 7.50€ (price ATM, it gets bigger) better!"
76561198047588756,Recommended,306660,10898715,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,KGBMinamoto,If this doesnt become a series i am going to cry.
76561197968595070,Recommended,306660,10915467,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Grendel,"Have played the game for 3-4 hours now.  Seems very polished already.  Reminds me of Sid Meier's Civil War series, but not as clunky.  Would like to see different formations added but the game seems to do a good job at this point of putting your troops in a column when moving long distances, etc., and then placing them in battle lines once they've arrived where you sent them.  Liking it so far!"
,Recommended,306660,10944003,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Groundpenguin,Brings back memories of Sid Meirs Gettysburg!. Really interesting art style with a dynamic campaign well worth a few quid.
76561198028061952,Recommended,306660,10944570,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kid Clubba,From the creator of DarthMod for the Total War series: Creative Assembly made a real mistake in not snatching this person up to work on their AI. Just play the game and you'll see. One of the best strategy games I have played in a long time.
,Recommended,306660,17099624,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,dkoons,I would recommend this to any Civil War enthusiast. You can play either side and no game seems to be the same. There are options to choose your opposing generals tendancies or let it be random so you dont know what kind of commander you are up against. There is also an option for custom battles. Very fun game and historically accurate units.
76561198009228700,Recommended,306660,17076057,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,skyhawkrotc,"First off, I want to congratulate Steam and Valve for not having the knee jerk reaction that Apple had.  It is very important that history, even the dark moments of it be preserved.  It is also very important to present that history in its context.  If the people of cetain states elect to have certain symbols be removed from their flags or state grounds, that  is their choice.  To remove images from art and media though is nothing short of white washing and dangerously close to violating our 1st Amendment right of free speech.  Thank you Steam and Valve for your courage and not giving in to the fear of offending someone.That being said, this game is pretty amazing.  It is easy to learn, the AI is customizable, the Map is spot on to the historical Gettysburg, and best of all, they do not just end the battle with the events of July 3.  They give you July 4 to either follow up on you victory or to get the h*&% out if Dodge before you lose everything else.  I would have liked to have seen more options with the infantry though.  Historically, Infantry units were able to deploy their own skirmishers and in this game, they are already picked out.  Other than that, if you want to test your military strategic skills then check this one out."
,Recommended,306660,17077201,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Cyrus40K,"the best shoot 'em up RTSno ♥♥♥♥ing micro control, you just give your mighty order, the army will follow.best of the best of the best.commanding the south army, victory at gettysburg. definitely will march to Washington."
76561197980168733,Not Recommended,306660,17078872,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,*DEAF* Prime TIts,"When I first saw this game I was reminded of Robert E. Lee: Civil War General one and two, which I played an insane amount as a child. In reality, this game pales in comparison in almost every way.This game has next to no content and very little replayability. This game is laughably overpriced.Unit commands are reminiscent of the Total War series; however, they feel clunkier and worse in practice. Unlike the total war series, commands are often entirely ignored. At first glance it’s easy to chalk this inaccuracy up to communication issues or morale issues; however, after only an hour or two of gameplay it becomes clear that unit commands simply don’t work well. Rotating, falling back, and “holding” are particularly buggy.Troops will often just wander off a few hundred yards in a direction, sometimes not even in the direction they are facing. “Hold” will not prevent this behavior. This makes defending a fortified position such as cemetery ridge, Culp’s Hill, etc a nightmare since you spend all of your time micromanaging your troops so they don’t wander off away from fortifications to go frolic in the open fields before being cut down by enemy gunfire. Again, at first I was willing to chalk some of this up to the breakdown of communications, humar error, glory hounds, etc; however, after a bit more time with the game it becomes obvious it's just a bug. It doesn't make sense for troops that are actively engaged in fire to consistently leave their fortified position behind a wall to walk willy nilly into an open field to be massacred.Troops don’t alter their lines to actively take advantage of cover. If a wall isn’t perfectly straight then the units won’t use it effectively, lowering the unit’s overall cover rating.Cannons don’t work well at all and will often refuse to fire regardless of visibility, line of sight, etc. The largest problem seems to be that if any friendly unit is even remotely near your cannons then they will refuse to fire. The computer solves this problem by putting cannons in front of, on the flanks of, or far behind their lines. This weird positioning often means a single unit can take out 3 or 4 units of artillery usually unopposed, which brings me to my next point.The computer doesn’t seem to really react to your actions. You’re often allowed to move and position your units on their flanks and start wreaking havoc for a few minutes before the computer even begins to react.The game lacks the ability to get detailed statistics about the ground you’re defending so it’s often impossible to tell important characteristics of terrain such as height, roughness, cover, etc. Determining where to move your units for visibility is a crapshoot, and particularly frustrating when dealing with cannons.The “tutorial” (if we’re being kind enough to even call it that) is mediocre given its length and lack of integration into the game.Minor: Units that are under fire have their unit numbers fall slowly while in combat. This makes sense for two units actively engaged; however, it does not make sense when being shot at by cannons or when massing fire all at once. This makes the game and certain tactics lack the “bite” they would truly have. It also sometimes feels like it has incorrect gameplay effects. Multiple cannons firing canister shot on bunched up enemy units should cause an immediate, drastic drop in men and morale, likely causing a rout. In this game both slowly trickle down and battle continues on merrily as if nothing happened.All in all, my time would have been better spent playing one of the original Robert E. Lee: Civil War General games which have excellent campaigns, historical battles, better persistence between battles, better decisions, and better gameplay. Alternatively, if retro games aren’t your style then I’d recommend picking up Total War: Shogun 2, Total War: Shogun 2: Fall of the Samurai, Napoleon: Total War, or Empire: Total War."
,Recommended,306660,17080550,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Trage,Incredible game. Recommended for Civil War Fans as well as anyone who likes a relaxing strategy game. The different ai's make the game replayable.
,Recommended,306660,17080829,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Von Romanov,Is good.
,Not Recommended,306660,17081061,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,R0BIT KING,"It's fun for a while, but ultimatley its just a cheap strategy game. 5/10."
,Recommended,306660,17082185,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Guildenstern,"Limited in scope, but far more accessible than similar titles."
76561198024784508,Recommended,306660,13643064,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,CRAKEN18,"Ultimate General Gettysburg is an excellent American Civil War strategy game. The developers have found a solid niche market that could be exploited further. Whilst not ""graphically"" developed as the Total War series, this game nevertheless captures the spirit of the period. Although a few glitches still need to be ironed out, this does not detract from the absorbing gameplay. It is recommended that any serious strategist/wargamer should add this to their collection.The game could be further enhanced with a some suitable music from the period and a few more sound effects.Can't wait for other battles/games to be developed using this engine!"
76561198076800204,Recommended,306660,16345185,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,reinselc,"I really like this game.  Just played the first scenario and it totally feels like a better graphics version of Sid Meier's Gettysburg.  Maybe a few things I'd change, but 8/10.  Good beer and pretzels wargame that you can learn to play in 10 minutes and I am sure I'll get my money's worth out of it.  Already want to replay the first battle to do better."
,Recommended,306660,16324263,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,sqoot,finally I can actualize my secessionist wet-dreams in the video games
,Recommended,306660,16368260,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,PingerDinger,"uknown developer for me, took a shot at 60% off and what a great strategy title. Looking forward to hopefully more games in the future."
76561198002996261,Recommended,306660,15682965,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ted Koppel,"This game is awesome - it's like the battles from Total War without the headaches of bad AI, clunky UI, and questionable unit pathfinding.The movement arrows and click + drag control scheme coupled with clear labeling and unit count means I never lose track of brigades or get confused even when giving orders to 20+ units on 2 or 3 fronts. Topographical contour lines + cover indication and field of view makes giving orders and execumaneuvers much more intuitive."
76561198000199642,Recommended,306660,15714584,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,MarshalOudinot,"Such potential, if this were the battle sim basis for a campaign covering the entire civil war it would have no equal out there.  The battle itself is fun but it is only one battle ""Gettysburg"" done in parts and thus no matter how you slice it has very limited replay value.  Again I repeat it has the potential of being a part of a larger strategic game where players could run the civil war and fight out the battles using this sim.  I hope it can be done it would be glorious!"
76561198007578289,Recommended,306660,15370962,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Dirt1970,Recomended for all strategy geeks.
76561198090868297,Recommended,306660,15397553,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Reverend Jones,"The legendary modder Darth who consistently ""fixed"" Creative Assembly's Total War series for a decade makes his own game, what's not to love?Amazingly tense multiplayer as well."
76561198152713414,Recommended,306660,15465381,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,[SLO]Sub_Zero,Best game Ever! 10/10
76561198015866693,Recommended,306660,15472686,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Kyrian,"Great game, complexe to master... I am still learning and will write some more when I have a  better understanding of the underlying mechanisms. I am not familiar with Civil War era so I have to experiment with various strategy regarding how to place artillery and when to charge with infantery."
,Recommended,306660,15498589,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Maxagaze,"If you are a fan of the American Civil war and you would like to have a small idea how a battle is being commenced, this is the game for you.  If you fancy the battle of Gettysbourgh, this game is definately for you.With all due respect to the total war series, battles are not being fought by two generals in the field of battle, but many. This game does this. Some generals will make you proud. Others will disgrace you. As the battle commence, you will have to change your strategy accordingly, and it changes every time you play it. Other strategy in the morning, other in the afternoon, and other in the evening."
,Recommended,306660,15517318,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,TROLOLOLOLOLO #Aporekungliga,"Without a doubt one of the best tactical battle games ever, in my mind even better than any game in the Total War series. Only drawback is that it's a short game (singleplayer), but I'm hoping for more excellent Ultimate General games in the future. If they even half as good as this, I'll buy every single one of them."
,Recommended,306660,15434940,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Dire Straits,Nice game. I liked the way you command the armies.Definitely a good choice for any gamer who likes tactical battles/strategy.
76561198049363959,Recommended,306660,15437142,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,niten57,"A RTS that really works. The pause makes it much better but I find that I rarly use it. It's slow enoght and small enough to keep on top of the action. I don't much like the victory point set up. It makes it feel like a capture the flag game. The first time I played it I had the Union army surrounded and almost wiped out when I ran out of time but because I didn't take the victory points I lost the battle and started the next battle almost from where I started the last fight. I wish they had more battles.All in all, a very long but satisfying game."
,Recommended,306660,15442223,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Mercanto,The best Civil War RTS and best RTS generally available. I've played over 200 hours and still find the AI to be a fun and satisfying challenge. The dynamically generated campaign makes every playthrough different. This game is a must have for the serious tactical thinker.
76561198019517834,Recommended,306660,15447645,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,rbdoallo,"At this point of the game (1.3 upgrade) I think I can say it's some the best in the strategy part of the pc games world.The game is about the famous Gettysburg battle of the American civil war. The batlle is played in a row of small parts in 3 days. That's something like 4 or 6 battles for a complete campaign (or complete Gettysburg battle).Every decision that you have made in a battle counts for the next one. Units losses, the ennemies that you have killed, the important spots in the battlefield that you have captured (they are represented by victory points). Sometimes thanks to your bad or good results in the previous encounter you may be presented by three options for the next phase, sometimes you have no choices at all.The battle management is at the same time extremely easy (brigades/small skirmishers and cavalry units/gun batteries and corps commanders) and complete (arrows for units movement, orders, the terrain really counts for something)...so it's a game easy to deal with and with a lot or replay value (stand alone scenarios, multiplayer).The devs are still interested to improve the game, even months after the release."
76561198074344884,Recommended,306660,15562048,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Geert,"Excellent AI, good graphics, intuitive controls, just an excellent game!"
,Recommended,306660,15645186,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,switch,Suprisingly really good RTS game.  Reminds me a little of Sid Meier's Gettysburg but current and more real time.  It's a pretty short campaign and gameplay but with replay value for different difficulty levels and choices.
76561198031534901,Recommended,306660,15618601,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Overrun,"Please produce other battles like this one. Have played the game and it just keeps getting better with the updates.Good job. More, more, more....please."
,Recommended,306660,15618607,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Harry Creviss,"Like Total War with much better controls. Quick and simple, would like to see much more."
76561198093244201,Recommended,306660,15525428,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Cdog7736,I just finished my first campain as the confeterates and I am very happy i won. The game was really fun and very rewarding when I saw the screen that I won I was very proud a solid 8.75 out of ten. The only thing that was not the best was that my men never had more then 35% moral and artilirys line of sight. I think That I will get beter as I play on and those wont be a proplem.
76561198019227164,Recommended,306660,16764521,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,carlw,"Downloaded this not knowing what to expect....I am glad i did! Not knowing much about the American Civil War I was not sure how the game would play out. My first game I chose to be the CSA. I felt sure I would lose, however following 4 or 5 engagements I managed to achieve a deadlock result which was slightly disappointing as my tactics and execution seemed spot on. I love the way this game looks and feels. Now the pros and cons bit:Pros:1. Easy to use and units respond to my commands straight away (also a con but we will come to that in a bit).2. Cleaver use of terrain to determine line of sight.3. AI - i played with a balanced Union foe without the AI boost and still found the battle challenging, defiantly some points during the battle where I had to think on my feet to react to a clever flanking move!4. Atmospheric and sound effects good.5. Fog Of War well represented especially during night skirmishes.6. Great value for money.Cons:1.	Would have liked to have zoomed into the action a little more.2.	Ease of use, maybe too easy to execute commands, I think for a more realistic experience the execution of orders should have a delay from issue to execution. I am sure that I would have had a tougher time if this were the case.3.	Would like to have seen the effects of powder smoke play a part in adding to the FOW.Suggestions:Add some music of the era to play over the action, Battle Hymn of the republic would be great as my troops advanced or if you play as the Union – Yankee Doodle!Please please introduce more battles or a linked campaign with other battles such as Bull Run or Manassas.Overall an excellent game, looking forward to playing multiplayer!"
76561198041803717,Recommended,306660,16769009,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Battle Taco,Fun little RTS game :)
76561197962075523,Recommended,306660,17384710,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Hawk Reaver,This is what Empire: Total War battles should have been like.
76561197986048023,Recommended,306660,17340920,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Cyper42,"Great game limited scope. 9/10Fairly simple and intuitive, it's similar to what I think total war would look like if you handled 1000+ man units. i would love to see this sort of battle system/engine as a part of a larger game or grand campain.  With the focus on a single battle (granted it is gettyburgs) don't expect more than 20 hours of play or the same amount of play throughs.  Over all HIGHLY recommended, excited to see what else can be done with the engine and ideas."
76561198064162552,Recommended,306660,17349004,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Thunder-Bear,"First ever game I played when I was 8 in the 90's was Sid Meiers Gettysburg. Every now and then I'd think back to that great game and wish I could get a another crack at it.So I did!This a great game, immersive, challenging and for me a nostalgia overload9/10"
76561198007811176,Recommended,306660,17361563,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Twin Butterfly,I love games about the war for southern independence.  This game has a ton of replay value. I have beat the Yanks twice already and each time the battle field is different.
,Not Recommended,306660,17367304,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Naliao,"Its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥-ier version of Sid Meiers Gettysburg, with less commands"
76561198039553936,Recommended,306660,17376148,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,MajorChaos,"Love this game. Reminds me of the Avalon Hill board game, but because it is computer based, so much easier to manage the mechanics of moving the vast nuber of units. Very good AI. Love the graphics, and animations which give you a brief image of the exchange of fire etc. Very pleased with this game."
76561198203327384,Recommended,306660,18280631,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Express1316,BEST WAR GAME FOR CIVLI WAR GAME
,Recommended,306660,18238663,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Cippalippus Primus,"Ultimate General: Gettysburg is the cool place to hang out. You can find most of the cool people there. In Ultimate General: Gettysburg you can just chill and do whatever and totally relax. ""Take it easy"" is the Ultimate General: Gettysburg motto, for example, that's how laid back it is there. Show up if you want to have a good time. Another good reason to show up is if you want to hang out with friends."
76561198208428340,Recommended,306660,18094925,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,TheSmokeyBadger,great game 10/10 no problem in my eyes
,Recommended,306660,17219032,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Ltsgnis,"Just go buy it already. This game is a masterpiece. If you really like pure strategy games, i highly recommend it!"
76561197982503169,Recommended,306660,17223345,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Sepplainer,Please make more Ultimate General titles. I highly enjoy this game.
76561198186599631,Recommended,306660,17224033,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,jarasite453,"I like the fact that units have been consolidated into brigades.  This eases play as there are no hundreds of regiments on the map.  The command functions for the corps commanders needs work.  It is not easy to group and ungroup units.  It would also be helpful for more random scenarios.  I do think that some scenarios in the game rely too much on 1st and 11th Corps units.  These units are damaged badly by the third or fourth battle.  Overall I love the game.  Please take the time to make a Antietam version, Shiloh version, Chickamauga version, ect."
76561198002518859,Recommended,306660,17324820,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,RedStar,"This is a well thought out and well developed strategy game that takes a lot of notes from Shogun 2 FOTS. Great game, though getting used to the simplistic controls may frustrate you."
76561198026452405,Recommended,306660,17240528,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,<removed>,"This game is great, its looks simple on the surface but it is surprisingly complex.The game revolves around the battle of Gettysburg which was a major battle, and some say the turning point of the civil war. The map is detailed and true to life map of Gettysburg PA. The whole game consists of this one battle which covers four days. If you have ever read in depth about Gettysburg or the civil war you will immediately recognize all you commanders as they are the real commanders from the battle. The objectives you need to capture are the real strategic points from the actual battle."
,Recommended,306660,17521919,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,realmadrid9,"Okay first off, let me start by saying if you like RTS and are intersted in the Civil War, then buy this game. Ill make my review short and simple.PROS:1) Good graphics-for what they are2)Easy controls3)Lets you choose different options in the battle to chnge the scenario.CON:1) Only con I have is that your units retreat way too fast, ill have a unit of 1450 men against a unit of 1200, and after my men drop to 1150, my men turn their backs and retreat(even if i tell them to HOLD) It gets very frustrating.So overall...ill have to hit the recommend button just because this game has too much positive that one negative shouldnt make you not want to try it."
76561197985729672,Recommended,306660,17572021,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kyota,Most replayable RTS game out there.
76561198007768134,Recommended,306660,17765212,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Being Gneiss Rocks!,Made Pickett's charge into Pickett's route. Hooah/10
,Recommended,306660,16786128,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Endothlyne,"I wasn't sure if I would like this but now I have played one battle I can say its actually very, very good. Very well done Game-Labs. The AI is surprisingly good and amazed me a few times by the way it behaved. I hadn't read or viewed any of the tutorials yet felt comfortable once I had figured out the controls which are very clear. After around 40 minutes of gruelling attacks and retreats the battle came to a draw. The animated micro sized units and swift zoom map make it a pinch in viewing and commanding the ever changing battlefield.An absolute must for all the armchair generals out there. I really hope Game-Labs bring out some more like this. There are lots of historic battles they could do."
,Recommended,306660,16910461,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,[25th] NorthernWarrior,"I higly due recomend this if you are intrested into Strategy and games connected to History.. you can change caus of war.. or change the outcome of Gewttysburg. like the CS Can break the US Line the first day if the player, plays his cards right and keep an good eye on whats going on the Battlefield and tus make sure that US won t flank or advance a diffrent approach. and the same goes if you are US and fighting the CS. and also be in mind that the battle s will and become thougher as the game progress .. stand you ground and follow your orders Commander. the CS/US if Counting on your Sucess Sir!"
76561198010404020,Recommended,306660,16110827,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dogsbody,"Seems a good game but cant really play at the moment as i have no sound at all.  Tried reloading but still no sound, bit frustrating to say the least."
,Recommended,306660,17111073,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Krombopulos Michael,The only way this game could get better is if they had more battles besides Gettysburg! *triple thumbs up*
,Recommended,306660,17112403,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,[NKVD] Revan,A great game with simplistic controls yet complex mechanics and AI
76561198007440516,Recommended,306660,17113517,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Master Hoodwinker,"Hello fellow gamers, I feel compeled to write a little review for this title.  Really enjoying this game!  Fun, intutitive, accessable, yet has a real undercurrent of depth that I didnt expect.  I've been playing the Total War franchise for years, this has similarities.  I think the developers of Total war should take notes here.Clearly this game is heartfelt, the developers gaive it there best, and its worth your time.  Give it a shot, I think you will be plesantly surprised.  I'm really looking forward to expanded content."
76561198019050303,Recommended,306660,17145820,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,RedPhoenixChaos,"This is a great civil war simulation.  For me, a history buff, I greatly enjoyed this title.  It is simple to learn and use but takes practice and some research to master.  Learning the importance of sights lines and using a topological map are a must (just as they should be in a battle sim).  The game gave me a greater appreciation of the Battle of Gettysburg.I also enjoy how your results from the battle from each day carry over and how you have a limited choice on how to proceed each day.  It made me feel as though this truly was my battle.  My attempt to change history perhaps.Easy to use.  Fun to play.  I recommend it to all my history loving and tactical battle loving friends.-Chaos"
,Recommended,306660,17153685,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Dat Boi,This is an awesome game.  History mixed with great game play makes for a good time.
76561198020021258,Recommended,306660,17133532,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Callum Fox,"an excellent game with intelligent ai that always gives a challenge, and there is something quite rewarding watching a large scale manouver encircle and then crush the enemy"
76561197992660810,Recommended,306660,17140526,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,poison,:)
76561198114915942,Recommended,306660,17208247,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,BurritoShank,"i love it got it when it came out on steam. but there is one problem the battle timer when you don't charge it gives you a amount of time to charge are the battle force ends. but i do love this game. there needs to be a ""Ultmate General Of The Civil War"" where you can fight all the battles of the civil war. and some of the units get stuck in the game wall. like the battle of bull run. if you guys make U.G.O.T.C.W. also make it for the Google Play Store"
76561198064659184,Recommended,306660,20363855,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Bowser74,Seems to be interesting. If you are a follower of the American Civil War this is a game for you!
76561198202738616,Recommended,306660,20099159,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Natsirt24,"Awesome Game! Had a great time playing it. Can't wait for the developers to come out with something similar.  The only con I can think of is that once you have become familiar with the armies, meaning the sizes of the units and the skill levels of the commanders, it can be easy to win for either side because you already know what the enemy could send your way.  But really, it's not like the developers could change that anyway because Gettysburg is a historical battle with preset armies.  Good historical game though."
76561198061876556,Recommended,306660,20099934,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,|Sith|DesertFox,"Needs a ""Seven Days"" expansion. ;) Make it happen Nick."
76561198053162392,Recommended,306660,20302929,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Pies,It's a modern Sid Meir's Gettsyburg. Hits all the right spots and looks amazing. It's a tactical diagram brought to life.Must have for Civil War buffs or RTS gamers.
76561198082419356,Recommended,306660,20160786,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Oliwier EB,"Great historical game, you might think all it is is one battle, but it's a lot different. There are lots of maps you can play on and with lots of difficulty settings the outcome from which battle is different."
,Recommended,306660,20407635,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DonkeyD,"Very cool little game.  It is easy to pickup, and playing individual days of the battle is a lot of fun.The game lacks a bit in replayability, but what do you expect for this price?"
76561198007203805,Recommended,306660,19706542,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,RomanGuy,Simplistic mechanics but with surprising depth of strategy.
76561198172313177,Recommended,306660,19684806,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,collins2012.fl,"Very well researched and balanced.  Rushed and ill planned early tactical victories often lead to strategic failuer.  A player must truly balance the cost of objectives to the immidiate battle and the resulted footing the next day.  Overall a spectacular game that will often draw you in for hours at a time.  You will choose to root for the heros of an earlier day.  I cannot recommend this game to history buffs and tactical gamers a like.Read the book Killer Angels to gain a full appreciation of this game.My only complain are that generals should be able to be targeted by the player:GEN Sedgwick - ""Why are you cowering!? At this distance those sharpshooters couldn't hit the broad side of a barn... *gets shot in the head*"
76561198000466618,Recommended,306660,19622878,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Olmy,Better battles than total war.
76561198090027799,Recommended,306660,12091720,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,malcolmbaker2005,"Looking forward to the full edition, find the skill levels wonderfully intriguing"
,Recommended,306660,12220099,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,<Øz> xxSk00m4l0rdxx,"Very deep tactical play -without reserves you will have no chances. Also a   balanced Combat System with special advantages for each factions. Good maps, where you have to find new tactics also you can have for every map different tactics. Sometimes the units are a bit buggy, but most of the time it works.Really good game, but im sad that you can just play scenarios also in the multiplayer"
,Recommended,306660,11443491,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,SweetJBD,"I've played this game for the last three days or so and I love it. It's a fairly simple game, and I hope some improvements are made, but this is a great ideological successor to Sid Meier's Gettysburg! SMG! was one of my favorite games growing up, and I've sorely missed being able to play it. UGG builds upon SMG, adding specific elements (like choosing your battle strategy) that SMG lacked. Both the graphics and gameplay are fairly simple, but that doesn't take away from the addictiveness of the game. The concepts are very easy to grasp so you can dive right into the game without dealing with a steep learning curve. I do hope the developers add some more features, but I'm hooked so far. Great deal at $10."
76561198038511278,Recommended,306660,11013539,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,JeepersMister,"i just purchased this game and am really impressed with it so far. good graphics, gameplay seems smooth, AI is challenging, and  th camera works well. only gripe is the lack of options for your units too command. you should be able to do more with unit positioning and changes for unit fire power and distance. cant wait for more too come... good job !!"
76561198024595245,Recommended,306660,11061851,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,The Pathologist,"I'll keep this short and sweet: If you played Sid Meier's Gettysburg! and are as bummed out as I am that it doesn't run on modern operating systems, buy this game, It feels like the true spiritual successor that title always deserved. At the moment it still lacks some of the more in depth orders and functions of Gettysburg! but as it is still in early access, I have hope that some day we will be able to issue orders for our artillery to limber/unlimber, so they can move a little bit faster when there are enemy troops bearing down on them at double-quick speed."
,Recommended,306660,11123289,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,General Interest,"I bought this as I am long looking for a decent civil war game and never found one to my taste since Peter Turcan's Gettysburg.  So I stumbled upon Ultimate General Gettysburg. Still in development but developers feel courageous enough to sell it to the public and to be either loved or hated for it. I wanted to give it a try. And I am not dissapointed.The game is not finished, still not so much on how you can position your troops. Setting up an attack or defense line is quite difficult now. It is not a general alike but more a corporal who maneuvres and positions his troops. But still can play some nice battles, more entertaining then simulation but enjoyable.The graphics and atmosphere of the game I do like a lot. The menu's are clearly still under development, they are functional - just that but will do the job.The game moves plays fluently.If this game concentrates a bit more on the tactics and you get more control on what your troops should do I think this game will be a winner. Cavalry should be able to mount, artillery should be able to carried by horses. It should also include something on supply lines, would be nice if you can cut them to troops will not be resuplied (now the troops have unlimited ammo). Some supply wagon trains would be nice.In all I think this game has a good start and I hope it will finish and be more complete for instance with the suggestionS I mentions and I am sure other players have similar and very different suggestions. For instance multiplayer options.You can see the online manual athttp://forum.game-labs.net/index.php?/topic/746-online-short-guide/It will give a good idea of what the game can do already.Highly recommended if you like (for now) RTS and civil war."
,Recommended,306660,11123813,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,AlexWheeler,"Very enjoyable, the scope and depth of the game is greater than appears as the game contains numerous 'speculative' scenerios based on how you play and the outcome of each scenerio.A major selling point for the game is the AI, rather than simply adding easy, normal or hard, you have a variety of different AI behaviours to choose from, which closely ressemble human behaviour and play styles, thus making different scenerios completely different each time you play, essentially multiplying the replay value for each scenerio by 12 (the number of different AI styles available...I think?)Although in early access, this game is very stable and is updated regularly with a very active community and development team who are always on hand. This is also a great proce for an early access game as the quality of the game is great along with the amount of content within the game. Many other early access games cost much more and are of much worse quality.I recommend this game"
76561198047917461,Recommended,306660,11199913,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,twentythreeakira,Battle to hell... The most realistic one I have ever played. One will got terrible experience fight this AI and those battles... They can never be routed easily.
,Recommended,306660,11204156,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,BasedKuroneko,"I would consider this to be one of the best purchases I have ever made on steam. Be warned as this game does have a few bugs, since it is still in early access after all. When I first bought it my graphics card was not supported by the game and after a few emails with the support team I could tell that they were willing to help me with my problem instead of giving me some cookie cutter awnser like some major games would. But in the newest update they added a new alternative renderer which allowed me to play the game. My first impression looking at was that everything from the menu to the small details on the map had a very comfortable feel to it. The gameplay itself has a few things that may need to be worked on just to bring the game to its full potential. Just a few of these may be a about face command. While it doesn't take much time to order your regiment to about face using movement commands, It still would be a more useful feature for those late game situations where timing can make or break a battle. Also I would love to point out the interested difficulty settings for the game. Instead of just Easy, Medium or Hard, You can choose how aggresive the AI is aswell. So you could have a Aggressive enemy with little idea about tactics or a brilliant tactician who rather defends than attack.To summarize that whole things+ Great graphics on menus and ingame+ Good variety of difficulty settings+ Good AI (Kinda expected from the creator DarthMod+ Helpful support team- Still has its bugs- Lack of important movement commands (About Face, Wheels, Formations)- Can be hard to select units at timesThings I would like to see in future- Other important battles from civil war era ( Yes i know that game is focused on Gettysburg but could be fun DLC for future)- Some form of Multiplayer ( Either Total War-esque with unit selection or Scenarion specific army compositions)- Make it easier for modders ( Nick Thomadis of all people should understand how important mods could be to the shelf life of a game)"
76561198053390406,Recommended,306660,11207952,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Sincodomio,union troops retreat too easylose control on third day
76561198127239619,Recommended,306660,11371070,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Iraq Attack,"Coming from the guy that created the Darthmods for so many Total War games, I think I came in expecting too much. I was expecting an experience like the battles in Total War games just scaled back a bit, but I found the experience was a bit lacking. I don't like not being able to precisely position my troops and not being able to decide rank and file. The look, feel and tone of the game however totally fits the theme and pulls me into the game, but I find myself getting a little bored during the battles. I would like to see this battle style developed with a grand strategy campaign map to make a full fledged American Civil War game, but at the moment, it doesn't quite live up to my predetermined expections (which I admit are my fault, not the developers). That being said, I still recommend the game to any casual strategy gamers or civil war history buffs, as the historical scenarios and fantastical what-if scenarios are quite interesting to see played out on screen."
76561198012843198,Recommended,306660,11325545,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,magicrat,"This is a great game, it reminded me of the old gettysburg game by Sid Meir.  When I say it reminded me of it, I mean it is basically like playing the sequel to that game.  I have played one whole play through and was impressed, you do find yourself making strategic choices besides ATTACK!!!!There are controls that could use some fixes, but I never had any big issues.  I can't wait to play again.Truly a great game that actually captures the strategic nature of the Civil war and Gettysburg.  I just want more."
76561198038900517,Recommended,306660,11473303,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,HuffinAround,"As of right now, the game is entertaining... I wouldn't say its great or amazing but servicable as a beta until the full game.Observations on the gameplay:Pros:- Satisfies my need for a Civil War Strategy Game.- Strategic Factor is there, if you don't pay attention to your lines, the AI takes full advantage of that.- In between battles overview strategy is very neat, I think if you pick the wrong ""approach"" you can really put yourself in a bind.Cons:- Once encircling the enemy and routing them, the AI acts goofy, tends to drive the AI into my lines which... end up routing too? I don't complete understand that yet but I'm assuming its not just 100% coded yet.- Eliminating Units proves very difficult, I literally had to chase down a brigade of Snipers with 4 brigades in order to complete eliminate them.- The AI seems to be able to ""stall"" the ending of the game when they have a chance to conquer my land. When trying to do the same on the offensive, the timer runs out like telling me ""You suck"". It costed me a pivotable battle.I'll recommend this game to anyone who enjoys strategic/tactical games. There is a lot of ""multi"" managing going on, similar to Total War but at least you don't pay the price like you would in Total War, your units 95% of the time come back into the field of action.None the less, I rate it 7/10, good value for the $10 dollars."
76561198019864139,Recommended,306660,11457775,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,CrashtestDummy,"As a child of the late 80s and 90s, it's great to see such a simply complex game. What I mean by that is... on the front end, this game seems very point and click. All the complexity is in the engine.. which makes those points, and clicks, far more important than you would imagine. Though I'm praising that, I do wish there was a bit more unit control. Simply put, I'd love to be able to fortify.All that being said, this game reminds me a great deal of Sid Meier's Gettysburg. Which in my eyes is extremely high praise. I can only hope that this is followed by other battles.Great work!"
76561198135544415,Recommended,306660,11273248,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,RabbitDarko,"Alright, ive never given my input in a beta before...This will be my first, i will make this as detailed as possible. This game reminds me very much of sid miers gettysburg from the late 90s....i loved that game...and as such i enjoyed this game due to fond memories it brought me of the late sidmiyers 90s game.....however the 90s version is still the better game...but it doesnt have to be. Things you got right...AI....the enemy AI is on point with the way it responds to your actions..i feel like im playing a human player. Battles being done in series over a single fight is neat to...however outside of AI there is alot of work to be done....lets start with this...if you havent played sid miers gettysburg you should...to get an idea of how to control the units. the units in ultimate general are void of ALL orders beyond move foward..things we need...the ability to link multiple units together to form a real battle line, the ability to make the cannons rotate without moving, all basic formations and commands, line, double line, column, skirmish line, charge, retreat, tactical retreat, send volley, hold ground, double time,  theres a bunch of formations and commands missing from this game.. that are present in CIVIL WAR RTS games that are 15 years old...moving on...melee...you need to add a very basic melee animation and give the ability to charge....when lines collide (by accident considering u cant charge them into one another) they just  like walk around aimlessly for a few seconds then both lines retreat...about retreats, 1500 men will route if 200 men hit their flank....morale should be reworked...or at the very least if they do retreat...a tactical retreat where they fire a volley then fall back would be good. it just seems like there is zero depth at this time...it feels like this could be played on my phone not my computer. I bought this game due to the darthmod creator...im supporting you due to the bazillion hours of fun you gave me across many total war titles...at 10 dollars....this game is where it should be..if u plan on charging 19.99 or greater after beta....you need to add some content..right now you have the most epic dynamic AI ive seen in awhile...the strategy is there..feels like a board game...would like to see alittle more options, and alittle more realism on the battlefield..specifically the ability for us  to click our units and issue commands to attack the enemy like every other rts on the planet...would like to see first rank kneel to fire  instead of all ranks stand shooting each other in the back of the head, i would like to see a charge button added..no civil war battle was fought without bayonette, and with that comes more audio like bugle horn followed by screaming and hollering, when lines collide it would be nice if melee was actually there even on a basic level. and finally TWEAK MORALE...they should not retreat so fast if flanks are secure they should be able to hold the line alot longer...my battle lines look like skirmishers because they cant make up their minds on if they are men or not and plan on fighting for more then 20 seconds at a time....i understand its not empires, im thinking of realistic ideas that i believe are within the game engine to create..anyway as it stands this is a hardcore point and click...all u can do is point and click the ground infront of you...they fight on their own, they engage enemies on their own, they retreat on their own and they do formations on their own...where is MY CONTROL to play this game??...presently this is an animated version of civil war checkers....board game part seems complete...now lets make the battle better on the eyes, and more interactive for the player....creators...please play or look at sid miers gettysburg...if you had their controls and set up with your game..your game would be a BEAST...hope my input helps all."
,Recommended,306660,11093080,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Krycerick,Dope as ♥♥♥♥
76561198007525029,Recommended,306660,11014136,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,gregoryo,Much improved with latest patch. Does not freeze nearly as much. Still have some issues if you move units to edge of battlefield. Slight pauses during gameplay do not seem to interefere with battle. Enjoyable interface.
76561198015460787,Recommended,306660,11077742,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,rebsgt21,"So far I love this game. As close to the classic Sid Meyer's Gettysburg as I have seen in years. There are a couple of areas that could be fixed,  moving troops is a little clunky, there is no way to just turn your troops without moving them forward, and the artillery is a little confusing about what targets they are firing at. Other than that I love this game and have not been able to stop playing."
,Recommended,306660,11083298,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Rambovic,Great Game.One of the few great strategie games that is challenging but simple.Smart patches are also present.
,Recommended,306660,11085396,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Heinrick Sanchetz,Yes this game is just purely amazing! But if it could have more of a multiplayer experience.
76561198031191761,Recommended,306660,11236922,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,srobertson,Nice
76561197984445437,Recommended,306660,11188310,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,B1974,Tough as nails AI. Need to think very fast about your attack or defence plans.
,Recommended,306660,11192915,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,steed,well done
76561198042562485,Recommended,306660,11194524,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,blackmask699,"I really enjoyed this game, its great that it also uses historical units as well also i would love it more if it was multiplayer games like this are to good to play single player."
76561198006858956,Recommended,306660,11230055,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Kensai,"Wunderfull Game! The Battle is mostly the same....but i played it maybe 20 times to the end and i it doesn't become boring. The game has a nice flow. I hope there will be more battles like Antietam, Fredericksburg, etc. A campaign would be incredible!"
,Recommended,306660,11112155,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,NewcastleScotchAle,"Great game, if you enjoy some strategy this is for you. Great work on this alpha!!! Very enjoyable played an hour and a half without realizing it good times for sure. Can not wait until the final release and hoping to see some workshop in it as well."
,Recommended,306660,12540782,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,THE RETURN OF Hitsballs,Simple but not too basic. Very well done and a glittering example of early access done right.
76561198007249245,Recommended,306660,12602748,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Blue_Hackle,"In typical Darthmod style a superbly made RTS!  Challenging enough that you really need to have polished up your RTS skills on the more challengin AI settings, but just enough of a gap to get your feet under the door at the lower settings.  Well though out and executed, a must for all RTS fans.  Why CA didnlt get this man onboard for the Toal War series will forever remain a mystery................"
,Recommended,306660,12929383,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Indie,"Ultimate General has three unique things going for it that makes it worth buying:1. The arrow movement system - a revolution of RTS and something that allows many fast unit instructions to be made2. The AI - actually challenging. your units and the enemy mostly move in intended directions to meet challenges3. Outcome of battles changes the ""campaign"" - makes multiple play through's funIt took me 3 hours to beat the battle on moderate difficulty. Im looking forward to trying again!My advice: buy this game. If you like the total war series, you may recognise the developer who made the darth mods for many TW games.Cant wait for more releases!"
76561198152106308,Recommended,306660,12929863,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ShinyPants,Really good game better then I thought it would be and harder then I thought it would be 9/10
,Recommended,306660,12584779,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,angelosnau,Cool game! Would love to see napoleonic battles as well.
76561197973857340,Recommended,306660,12572408,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Klugman,This game is a pleasure to play because of the AI.  Every move you make is countered by the intelligent opposition. Although the AI is smart it dosnt seem to cheat and see you when it shouldnt so you can still make use of LOS when moving troops around the numerous battlefields. I am glad I added this gem to my collection of strategy games and I am sure you will be pleased with it as well.
76561198001807793,Recommended,306660,12588221,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Cooljedidude,"Good concept and ideas, however unresponsive units take away from the experience. Expect mild frustration from time to time. The ability to map out your unit's exact movements is a brilliant new idea, and will hopefully change future RTS games. While I enjoyed the game overall, I found the most difficult part being that I had to constantly check up on my units after giving an order. (I'd give an order to move over flat terrain, and they would often stop in the middle for no reason, or infantry will sit there and got shot at without returning fire, despite what is advertised)Overall good game, though. Recommend, but with some caution."
76561198040485682,Recommended,306660,12542555,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,RedBullsGaming,"This game is one of the best if not the best civil war strategy game out right now. The mechanics are perfect and the graphics although not amazing, are smooth. The only bad thing is sometimes your soldiers will fallback by themselves but thats about it. I only hope the creators of this game make another one like it."
76561198007189049,Recommended,306660,12546042,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Pockmark,"Fantastic game.Really enjoyed it and the closest game we have to the classic Sid Meiers Gettysburg / Antietam.Hours of fun, just make sure to hit Random on the general select screen so you have no idea whats gonig to happen!A+++++"
76561198003049958,Recommended,306660,12548085,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,bannister229,"Excellent Game, engrossing and thoughtful. Keep on coming back for more"
,Recommended,306660,12544609,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Silent Dan,"This is a really neat little wargame.  It's essentially an RTS, but with a more relaxed pace than most.  Mechanically, the battles are much like those in the Total War series.  Since it's just covering one three-day battle at Gettysburg, you might think that there's only one map, but it's more like 30 overlapping maps, and each scenario uses one.  You have a limited amount of time to take certain victory points, and are often required to hold other points you already occupy.  When time's up, the game lets you know that everyone is out of ammo and needs to take a break, and you're provided with an assessment based on casualty statistics and victory objectives.  Although you will receive reinforcements at scripted intervals, casualties carry over from one scenario to the next, lending weight to each risky decision you make.You can play as either the Union or the Confederacy.  The Union has weaker officers (poor soldier morale) but much more disciplined troops (better rate of fire) and better artillery pieces.  The Confederate troops are enthusiastic but not well trained, and as such, they fare much better in the visceral immediacy of melee combat than in the smoke-choked dread of a sustained engagement at range.  If you're Confederates, charge the enemy.  If you're the Union, skirmish, bombard, and ambush.The AI seems to really earn its victories rather than cheat for them.  There are nine to choose from, arranged in a 3x3 grid with difficulty on one axis, and aggressiveness on the other.  ""Determined"" is in the upper right, and is formidable.  ""Cautious"" is on the lower left, and it mostly turtles to defend, and attacks in massed formations under artillery support, flanking when possible.  That's actually not a bad approach, generally speaking, but the Cautious AI panics easily when taking casualties, and that can be exploited with a vicious counterattack.When playing, don't be afraid to pause the game and click through your units to check on them.  You only see stats for the currently-selected unit, and it's vital to ensure that their degree of cover is roughly what you expect it to be, that they're not physically exhausted, and that their morale is holding.  Unaware of their poor condition, I sent a group of soldiers on a surprise downhill bayonet charge that would have been wildly successful if they'd been up to it, but they ended up routing so badly that I lost the whole unit permanently.  If I’d kept them hidden, they could have rested safely and charged the next threat.Some general tips: Don’t force the men to run too much.  Move mounted officers near demoralized troops.  Press M to turn on relief lines, to get a better sense of the elevation of the terrain, and seize high ground.  Check a unit’s line of sight to see who threatens it; this game does not allow indirect fire, so if you can’t see it, it can’t hurt you.  Place units at the top of the downslope of hills, not the peak, to ensure line of sight.  Don’t micromanage the artillery ammo type unless you’re really going to watch it; you want those guys switching to canister shot if they get charged.Just prior to writing this review, I was playing a scenario where I was a little bogged down.  There was a fairly long but ragged battle line, broken up by hills and forest.  The Union had some artillery on a hill, and most of my men were reloading in cover and firing at the approaching Union forces opportunistically.  Much as I wanted to charge my men right at them, it would mean crossing open terrain and taking losses from the artillery.  To the north of this, I had a fairly strong infantry brigade and a unit of skirmishers holding a victory location against a rather pathetic Union attack.  Just then, my artillery finished moving into range of those weaklings and opened fire, causing them to scatter.  Precariously leaving that artillery piece to fend for itself, I abandoned the northern victory point.  I sent the skirmishers straight south, recklessly charging the Union artillery pinning my southern forces, while the strong infantry brigade moved around to flank.  When they turned to face my skirmishers, my southern forces broke out of cover, shattering the Union advance and routing their troops.  My skirmishers and strong infantry brigade annihilated the Union artillery and fell upon the fleeing bluecoats.  The battle had been pretty even up to that point, but it ended with 3500 union casualties, while I lost less than 2000 men.  The way the whole thing turned on one quick maneuver was immensely rewarding, and I look forward to pulling it off on a harder AI."
76561198006834339,Recommended,306660,12596003,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Smilodon,"I really wish Steam would allow for neutral reviews of games instead of either yes or no but here goes. I have followed Darthmod through the Total War series and I have always been a fan of his work.  Therefore, I was excited extremely excited to learn about his upcoming game and bought it within the first few days of its' release.  That being said, I am not a fanboy and do have gripes about the game.  I am sure he did not have a large budget and did the best he could but I still see a lot of room for improvement.PROS-Feels like Sid Meir's Gettysburg-Stunning graphics, they work well for the genre and time, nothing really to complain about-Stunning map design.  I could tell alot of work went into the detail and accuracyCONS-Artillary needs a rework.  It is sort of hard to get guns in place and the Line of Sight is broken.  They units don't respond very well, if at all sometimes when you choose ammo type, even with enemy within range.  Rate of fire is fine though.  I know some of this was done to prevent artillary from panzering in games but come on.  You could even include limber and unlimber like Sid M. did-Need more details on how morale and cover actually work.  Fences and rock walls seem to offer little if no cover.-Too simple gameplay in my opinion, it felt like I was just making battle lines and hooking units around theirs on the flanks.  Somehow try to figure out a way to add more depth and emmersion into the game.  Play around with making your men volley, fixing bayonets, being able to stretch unit formations into longer lines, something like that.Final ThoughtsThe game is worth the money you pay for it and would be fun on a roadtrip using a tablet or laptop.  But overall it is shallow gameplay in my opinion for a PC game.  I am sorry but I expected a bit more.  Some of things I said may be attributed to my ""not understanding the game or being bad at RTS"" as some people might think but I have been playing RTS for over 15 years and also renacted, am a history buff  (MA in history) and love the Civil War and war games in general having served in the army, and visited many historical battle sites.  Get the game if you want but I think updates and add ons will really add to the depth of the game.  I hope Darthmod performs his magic like he did for fans of TW."
76561198036392398,Recommended,306660,12598990,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,TesLA,"Awesome game! I hope they add more battles soon, and maybe a campaign map."
76561198027208327,Recommended,306660,12599056,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Pasha,Fantastic game. Love the advances in AI. Can't wait to see what's next.Only complaint: Union artillery is OP. Union players: always have artillery support. Rebel players: rush those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s before they eat you alive.
76561197971580755,Recommended,306660,14566571,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,jamesmc,"Great game and a lot of fun, though a bit easy once you get the ball rolling towards victory. I eagerly await more updates."
76561198008775852,Recommended,306660,14534115,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Pvt. Snowball,"Moderately challenging RTS with nice atmosphere. Has nice tactical elements like flanking,line of sight, terrain, elevation etc. Managing the morale and suppliess (""condition"" meter) is essentialto winning. Charge in too aggressively and you'll wear out your troops, be too careful andyou will not achieve victory conditions.Since the battle of Gettysburg is divided into multiple battles over different parts of Gettysburgsurroundings, and troop condition and morale state carries over from previous battle, a strategicalpart of the game is to consider whether it is worth to win a single engament and risk losing the entirebattle. A pyrrhic victory on battle day one will allmost certainly lead to an overall loss.AI type and difficulty can be chosen from 9 different settings or set to random for suprise factor.Each setting affects AI's style of play differently.A neat touch that can lower or increase difficulty depending on your liking.Fantastic game and a bargain price. Easy to pick up and play hour or so at a time andcontinue later. Or spend an entire day playing it over and over. Replay value isimmense since alternative scenarios are many depending on your success or lack of success.Absolutely recommended for anyone interested in strategy or 1800 century warfare."
76561198007738697,Recommended,306660,14535077,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Lexis,"For all of you who loved Sid Meier´s Gettysburg or Antietam games, this one is even better.For all history fans, for all Total War fans.Game is growing at the moment, community- and content wise.The game is a bargain for this price."
76561198009655453,Recommended,306660,13872229,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,T.Olsen,"A really good game!Especially if you love the Civil War , and playing General of one of the two armies .The game is easy to use and does not require many minutes before you are full of koncenretthe game is about to kick the other army's asss : -)The game gets 7/10 of me, it's a bit overfaldisk and although I highly recommend this game ashas a fair price , I am for this kind of game but preferably with a little more dybegådende control options ...So the only thing I want at this otherwise good and underholdne games are more opportunities to micro managearmy or possibly several lanes. I wonder if it comes ."
76561198077452684,Recommended,306660,14549496,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ZEBEAST OF SLAVIC TERRITORIES,"This game is quite realistic. In the battles you partake in it is necessary to from lines and use tactics that were used in that time. So in other words this is a realistic total war game without the flash. If people are looking for a realistic strategy game and thought that total war is too flashy and unrealistic you will love this game.I do have a couple of complaints though, cavalry is not very well implemented and you do not get a sense of movement and speed from them, also they suck. Also the game does not show line of sight very well and you will constantly wonder why your artillery is not firing when it is just out of line of sight.However the good infantry mechanics and the realism carry the day and I do recommend this game to you."
76561198041277545,Recommended,306660,14440629,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Moe Bradberry,best fun i had in a real-time strategy game 9/10 for lack of content
76561198189709565,Recommended,306660,15489146,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Bummer,Highly recommended Civil War RTS. Very fun & challenging. If you have any interest in strategy games or the Civil War do not pass this up!
,Recommended,306660,15424097,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Lycia Pintella,This is easily the best civil war battle experience and has been a long time coming. The developers also listen to the community and patch out bugs and add balance features until we have the game we have wanted. Must buy for history buffs!
,Recommended,306660,15526645,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Mr._U.N._N.O.T._N.O.P._GoToSleep,This game is great and can easily surpase any rts game
76561197987009357,Recommended,306660,14965780,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,VALHALLA,"Too constricted to one battle.  It would nice if they came out with add ons and present other battles.  I would gladly pay for additional battles and add ons,  The game plays well but after hours of play it gets a little stale.  Also would be nice if the player could control the time aspect of the battle.  i would like to zoom in closer during battles but in general I love it."
76561198058360698,Recommended,306660,15410685,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,[DARK]stratergygod,"this is a great game that can last you ages trying to find every path and possibility that would have happend during the battle of gettysburg. this really suits tactical players and is easy to master, and its not that expensive :)"
76561198050850463,Recommended,306660,15226184,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Darth Verbadanga,"It's hard, intense and will have you always wishing you had a few more good men. People say it's the best game since Civil War Generals 2. I think it might be better because of the fluidity of the game and the great use of elevation and terrain. The elevation is hard to get used to and there are times I wish my men would be able to move themselves a few feet if they can't fire, but still an amazing game."
76561198011009456,Recommended,306660,15254390,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Eggdrasil,Pretty damn good.Must have if you like realism but it gets kinda repetetive
,Recommended,306660,15258700,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,moscaflaca,fun if you have mild to extreme autism. i enjoy it and i can understand why some would and wouldn't enjoy it.
76561198027120877,Recommended,306660,11288316,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Dallas,"This is a fun game HOWEVER :  It is ONLY the battle of gettysburg. With that said there are quite a few different results and days to the battle of gettysburg. Each day determines what happens on the next.This game locks up ALOT on me and I often do not finish the third day. That is the honest truth of it all - however if you are a civil war buff, it is well worth the trouble to watch the battle unfold!"
76561197968829366,Recommended,306660,14454026,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,jlarsson,"Absolutly the best war tactical game i played, really well made game."
76561198007429344,Recommended,306660,14459057,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,RolandBP,This is the most interesting and absorbing version of the Battle of Gettysburg I have tried. I am totally enjoying it.
76561198071089373,Recommended,306660,14643753,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Laecrosius,"I don't write reviews...that being said, I have to admit that I reallly liked this game. Whether you are new to strategy or an old hand, you will more than likely appreciate this title.Pros - The gameplay is simplistic and easily understood.Control of armies is very straightfoward.The map is very detailed.You recieve options for battle plans based on victory point locations that you hold (leading to fights that did notactually occur at Gettysburg...a major plus in my opinion.)Casualties carry over to the next stage of the battle instead of resetting with each scenario leading you to planyour tactics carefully.Can fight the whole battle in a few hours and not days making this a great time killer.You do not need a high end machine to run this.Cons - Control over formations smaller than Corps size elements and larger than the single brigade, should be addressedi.e. the inclusion of Division commanders.Gaphics leave a little to be desired, but the gameplay makes up for it.Overall a wonderful game that I hope the developers will expand upon in the future with further battles or even linking the major engagements into one big game."
76561197993911926,Recommended,306660,14636516,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Moskva,Excellent strategy game. Hopefully we'll see more battles with this engine in the future.
76561198006773170,Recommended,306660,14464406,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Skantler,"A nice rts civil war game, very simple controls and gameplay but still a satisfying game :) More content would have been nice and perhaps the ability to fortify units, ive played 44 hrs so far and still happy with the game,"
76561198007190386,Recommended,306660,14696129,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Drunken monk,this game is entertaining. I like the fact that it has been upgraded recently
76561198046575413,Recommended,306660,14671291,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Sudsy,Amazing
76561198195100306,Recommended,306660,15921592,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Mac,"I really like the true to history play you get.. Although the South doesn't win no matter how you set it up or over play the Union.. you can't win with the South.. But,it's fun to try.."
,Recommended,306660,15879504,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Orbit Storm,"I'm reluctantly recommending this game to Civil War fans. The overall experience is a phenomenal one, with remarkable immersion via strategy and AI tactics but I feel it's all weighed down by the price tag and lack of future content.I should preface this review by saying that it will be mostly negative as it pertains to the business model and future of the series, rather than the gameplay itself. I feel the gameplay speaks for itself and you'll see that when/if you partake.That said, I cannot comment on multiplayer as I have zero interest in it. I've invested thousands of hours into Civil War Generals 2 over the years and the content just hasn't dried up. For Ultimate General: Gettysburg, the current content becomes redundant, predictable and stale in a matter of weeks; at least it did for me. The game encompasses a three day battle but there are only so many ways to battle it out on the fields of Gettysburg. Either you're cautious or you're not. Either you're a Union commander or you choose the Confederacy.At $15, the price tag is ridiculous. By comparison, I purchased The Witcher 2 a few days ago for a few dollars and the amount of content I still have to dig through is staggering. A $15 price tag is better suited for an MMO subscription, not for a one-off title with no clearly defined future. Disappointingly enough, any rumored content releases (or DLC) will have a price tag as well and likely be sold as an individual title. To me, I find this disrespectful to those who purchased this game in hopes of a bright future in a niche market. UGG has never cracked the top-99 most played games on Steam and it's not likely to. Whether that speaks to the price or the content, I can't say but I'd wager it's likely a combination of the two.If you have the $15 to spend whimsically and want a bit of nostalgia, ala Sid Meier's Gettysburg (this engine is quite derivative), then I can confidently recommend this game. Just don't expect the same level of excitement a few weeks from now unless participating in multiplayer battles that are frequently rendered moot after adjustments to mechanics are made in the never-ending battle to balance the game for a war that was never balanced to begin with.If you're looking to buy a game with meaningful content that will last you a few months with no desire to purchase a new game, then I strongly recommend that you steer clear of this and just go nab yourself a copy of Civil War Generals 2 (which still manages just fine on Windows 8.1)."
,Recommended,306660,15888361,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,UnknownError <UMDTERPS>,Get it on sale if you're a real time strategy fan.
76561198030384427,Recommended,306660,15815894,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Totally Not Alpharius,I routed Davis on the second day.Held off Stonewall Jackson on the third.18/63 would take away State's Rights again.
76561197990268315,Not Recommended,306660,15818277,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Stryder24[ZOMS],"When I try to load auto-save files or manually saved files,  all of the units are invisible.  Apparently this is not an uncommon experience.  It's frustrating that you have to play all the way through a battle or you have wasted your time."
76561198185086559,Recommended,306660,15829780,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,orr94,"Fantastic game. Excellent detail, intuitive controls, lots of flexibility. Really brought me back to how much I enjoyed Sid Meier's Gettysburg, one of my all time favorite strategy games.My only complaint would be that the conditions for overall victory aren't really made clear. Example: as the Confederates, I won most of the engagements, usually by wide margins. Yet at the end, I had a Phyric victory, and it wasn't really explained why. But I know I won, so who cares, right?"
76561198091767462,Recommended,306660,15831589,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,stonewall59,Great game!
76561198036562911,Recommended,306660,15895807,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,youarethemusic,"Doode... FUN!I like how my staff gives me different courses of action. I like the chaos, but that the control/interface is intuitive enough to let me position forces without thinking. I like the sound FX.... matches well with the bird's eye perspective."
76561198007383931,Recommended,306660,15903947,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,ReD DawN,An interesting and fun game that keeps you pinned to your seat for hours. A very cunning AI makes this a challenge and finding the right strategy to achieve the objectives gives this game a re-play-ability factor. Good graphics rather than steller but good enough find the game at hand. Sound is good and gives atmosphere to the game.Overall I would recommend to the average and pro strategy gamer alike and I'm pleased to have it in my library.
76561198105667881,Recommended,306660,17635521,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Duupe,Great game
,Recommended,306660,17636132,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Wolfslayer681,This game is one of the Best RTS I've seen. It is smooth like Rome in the battles. The artwork style is intesting and enjoyable. I have two Cons against and the one that drives me nuts is the fact you can't kill Generals. I wish you could because  that would make it easier for the one doind the killing. But other than that it is a solid game with solid ai and great action.ProsFast PacedBalancedEasy To Get StartedConsMovement of Troops can Be ClunklyCan't Kill Generals
76561198153838347,Recommended,306660,17607025,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,bobtaco,this game is fun
76561198007259299,Recommended,306660,17511199,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,dennyglee60,"Great game. Easy to learn, hard to master. Hope they make more like it! Multiple routes to fight a battle and lots of way to lose and win. Be great to see them make a massive Civil war game!"
76561198007141453,Recommended,306660,17748529,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,MadDad,"I am an enthusiast of History, and in particular, the Civil War. Having read hundreds of first-hand accounts of Civil War experiences, from citizens to private soldiers to officers of various rank, including those involved in the battle of Gettysburg, and the memoirs of various Generals (including Grant, Longstreet, Sherman, Sheridan, etc), I have to say, I think this game really captures the feeling of the era.  I only wish they would build a much larger game to include other battles (Mannassas 1&2, Antietam and/or Shiloh would be nice), or a strategic game to include whole regions (such as Northern Virginia, Vicksburg Campaign, Atlanta, etc). I highly recommend this game to anyone with an interest in history and military warfare."
76561198066193742,Not Recommended,306660,17278708,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,SkullSplitter07,buggy AI. Limited customization. Union troop run away all the time.
76561198143291151,Recommended,306660,16197205,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,longstreet,it is a great game other some problems here and there such as the annoying morale and unrealistic morale system however it not change the fact it's a great game especially for the price would recomend to any and all strategy and historical gamers
76561198009613302,Recommended,306660,16267321,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,zuricool,excellent game but now it feels as if who ever is union wins and anytime i do random match its alway two of the same every day maps
76561198165209969,Recommended,306660,16854039,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,KingSMH,"The game I love it, I hope they expand on this series with other wars would be great to see."
76561198013650618,Recommended,306660,16855490,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Duckdawg,Still has Confederate flag
76561198145930115,Recommended,306660,16860188,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Franklin Roosevelt,"this game is amazing, it gives you the feeling like you are commanding an army, the controls are simple, there are many battles to choose form, and the multiplayer provides lots of fun, i would reccomend this game if you want a cheap war strategy game"
,Recommended,306660,16863865,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,FalconX05,Great game
,Recommended,306660,13801630,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,phannDOTde,"Fun game but could use a ""playable"" tutorial as in example to clarrify the goals to reach on a map for ""win conditions"". And I dont ask this often but multi lenguage support would be great. All so an ingame option to read about the pro's and con's of each unit type would be really helpfull. However I dont regret that I bought it :-)"
,Recommended,306660,13799069,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Higer,This game is awesome
76561198006666201,Recommended,306660,13791421,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Crusader63(uk),very enjoyable.....need more battles/mini campaign..american revoloution/napoleonic and more civil war ..endless opurtunities ...keep it up
76561198097473269,Recommended,306660,13631828,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MinnesotaRailfan(MNRF),"It's almost like you're actually there. 10/10 Great Civil War Simulator, I do not think you will ever find one like this."
76561197970535299,Recommended,306660,13570118,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Vezz,"A very fun and engaging strategy game without being overly complex. I appreciate it being minimally intensive on memory so I can play on my laptop. Reminds me of the early days of RTS games, super fun, easy to learn, difficult to master.Good Game!"
76561198006611212,Recommended,306660,13662729,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,mattep74,This is a game that soly focus on Gettysburg. It is quite addictive. Be aware that if you play it on the easiest level and dont care about casualities you will be able to secure Gettysburg for CSA on the first day.  Every brigade that was there OTL is there in the game. Will you be able to change history?
76561198007371072,Recommended,306660,13914973,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sleepysmoo5000,"I was poking around the steam store, and found this fantastic gem.I've been following Darth since he modded Rome: Total War (the first one) with his Darthmod. It was one of the best games I've ever played. (I defy any general to play Rome: Total War BI with Darthmod and emerge victorious). His AI work was incredible, and it was a damn shame that he ended up pulling back a bit because the community was vicious to him.Anyway, the man is a genius. (and of course I must acknowledge the help from everyone else that has gone into this game and his mods. All the playtesting, etc). This game is amazing. Simply amazing. (You know what sucks? I remember when he applied to work at CA....and they turned him down. They could have really used his help...see any tw game and you will see a lot of patchy AI).About this game though. It is the best civil war game I've ever played. Even better than Sid Miers Gettysburg, which was not bad. This game though....the controls are simple, the map is gorgeous, and the way it plays...it is super easy to learn, but hard to master. A lot of playability comes with the new scenarios that come up in the course of your playing.You order around units on a real-time map, and deal with morale, org, cover, etc, but all in a very easy UI. The game is super-easy to play and learn.The real star here is the AI. Simply put, the AI is amazing. You can pick between several different AI's, and you can watch the computer employ strategy that will astound and challenge you. I have lost a battle because I wanted to watch the computer respond to what I did. Being fooled by a computer is amazing after playing Total War. My God, I just got flanked and hit from behind? DId you just take a hill I thought was protected? Damn losing was never this much fun.I cannot recommend this game enough. If you have any interest in civil war, strategy, or anything of that ilk, then this is the game for you. Support this team, and this developer; they are doing amazing things."
76561198117503224,Recommended,306660,13818310,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Redsteel,To see twelve hundred grey soldiers running away from the battlefield never gets old.  10/10
76561198068180922,Recommended,306660,13819440,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Kenhay,Very good game easy to play just to easy to win on easy graphics are good I would like to find more games like this
,Recommended,306660,13879769,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,DerringerHK,"I am pleasantly surprised by this title. I bought it expecting a competent but unoriginal strategy game, and thankfully I was wrong.Ultimate General: Gettysburg [\b] is a great game. The mechanics work very well at providing a challenging but rewarding experience as it punishes you enough to keep you motivated but not enraged. Those unfamiliar with strategy games should beware, however, as the learning curve is quite steep.Due to this, I would have liked to see a greater emphasis on difficulty customisation (despite the game being based on real-world battles). Some may despise the morale system and find it too challenging, yet they cannot do anything to help it. I personally keep to the lower difficulties and still find myself frantically moving troops and crossing my fingers.In short:- Challenging and original gameplay- Cool subject matter- Mechanically sound- Atmospheric soundtrack- Runs on my laptop- Aesthetically pleasing- Fun (arguably the most important)but:- Lacks a lot of difficulty customisation- Steep learning curve- No in-game tutorial (all done in short menu videos)Overall:I love it. At the low, low price of 12€ (or your regional equivalent) you may want to consider purchasing it.P.S. As of now (according to Steam) I have only 0.8 hours on record. That is utter nonsense. I have put a solid 4 hours into this game already."
,Recommended,306660,13896177,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,TheWOnderfulMrMicFister,"Great game, and a all around fun RTS simulator...I was looking for a bit more for a game that only has one scenario broken down into multipule acts (currently like around 4 breaks). You  can choose to fight as the Union army or the Confederates at the battle of Gettysburg, a huge military success for the Union, and a turning point in the war.Historically accurate to a degree, and has huge potential to be even better at what its doing now and at a badass level currently!___Will update with more information----"
76561198074951048,Recommended,306660,13858740,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Boris Badinov,like it so far
76561198010014794,Recommended,306660,13887029,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Yield,bcuz its good man
76561198083792040,Recommended,306660,13919490,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,The Gender Bender,"This game is really quite amazing! I love every aspect of the gameplay because its really simple and has a very minute amount of controls to get the swing of. The battles feel very....REAL because of how units move and fight and such as well as the map. The map itself is really unique because of the chess set style outer frame. I can't really find any negative things about this game except that I hope in the future the developers incorporate other big battles from the civil war such as bull run and the like, as well as maybe adding a world builder function where you can build your own map to your own difficulty by making any terrain and unit disparage that you would like to make the game more open-ended and less linear. Other than those minor details it is highly recommended!!!!!"
,Recommended,306660,13925271,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,duck,"WOW, I never could of imagined a $10 RTS game giving Total War a run for its money.  This game far exceeded what I'd hoped to get from it.  This game feels more realistic and intense than any other strategy game ive ever played.  AND ITS SO SIMPLE!!!  TOTAL WAR!!!  WHY CANT YOU MAKE THE BATTLES MORE LIKE THIS!"
,Recommended,306660,15208496,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Wabbit,REBEL YELLLLLLL WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
76561198217017676,Recommended,306660,15150065,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,rabvideoproductions,"so much fun, yet so simple. A must buy for any civil war fan.Hope they make some more maps! (Shiloh, Antietam, Bull Run, etc)"
,Recommended,306660,15161067,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,breakingmetrics,One of the most addictive strategy games I've played in a while. Game mechanics are incredibly simple and the AI proves to be challenging - no two games have played the same. Highly recommend snagging this.
76561197965716390,Recommended,306660,12940841,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,BlueDog,Finally the wait is over... I have been waiting for that game since SM Gettysburg! thank you!
76561198078659367,Recommended,306660,12944021,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,General MN,"After I bought this game, my grades have plummeted. I cannot believe this game reminds me of Sid Meier's Gettysburg so much. Much love to the developers of this game. It has given me the satisfaction of what a RTS game should be: Unique, the fun ""what-if"" scenarios, dynamic, a capable AI that never bores me. All in all, I have been looking for a ""Civil War"" game just like this. 10/10 would reccommend for anyone looking for an RTS or a Civil War era game.First review I had to do for a game that left me breathless and satisfied."
76561198000027002,Recommended,306660,13060924,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Hobb Tealeaf,"Great game, wish they had more than just the one battle."
,Recommended,306660,13073755,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Kamal,One of the best strategy games I've ever played.
76561198128572511,Recommended,306660,13049046,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,HydenBlaze,A great game for anyone who has an interest in the Civil War. The battle maps and brigades are all historically accurate. Very cool!
76561197966167605,Recommended,306660,13106327,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,SwissYellow,"Nice little strategy game, quite light and uncomplex but good for a few battles. Worth the price for sure."
76561198004989430,Recommended,306660,13101591,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Sabotage,"Very fun strategy game, a bit simplistic at this point but offset by some of the best AI I've ever played against.There are complexities with moral and positioning that are not clearly laid out until you've watched a few sections of your line break for seemingly no reason (there is a reason) or your cannons refuse to fire (stuck behind heavy cover, or a hill.)All of which he's diligently set about fixing in patches... bravo!Honestly I thought there would be more of an overall campaign than JUST gettysburg, but that was my mistake and certainly no disappointment at a fair price.Truly great, concise, little game with some truly excellent 2d art."
76561198030873723,Recommended,306660,13084330,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,F0x,"I have always loved strategy and tactical games, more turn based rather than RTS but this game brings me closer back to the RTS fold.  I really like this game, especially in multiplayer battles.Good things about this game:If you like civil war era type games or napoleonic type combats this game will likely appeal to you.  The map is beautifully crafted and you can see vast amounts of soldiers moving around following your orders or littering the battlefield with their corpses.   All orders given are represented on the game map in the form of movement arrows  and in true civil war combat style positioning of your units, using cover and taking advantage of the high ground are an essential part of your strategy.The game also only costs $15 and if you don't like multiplayer it's a fun single player experience.Bad things about this game:The multiplayer match finding interface is bad.  Finding games can be difficult without having one of your steam friends join.  I have added some players that I did manage to play against and can now play these guys when available however.You can setup your own multiplayer game which then allows others in the game lobby to connect to you but there usually aren't many people waiting there so you have to hope that someone will eventually join you.That's it - the multiplayer match finder sucks but the game is good."
76561197987303833,Recommended,306660,13085953,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Vanquishblack,South won right?
,Recommended,306660,13010215,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,itsmyroad,"Great game.  I would enjoy it for hours and hours if there were more content, but plenty of bang for your buck at $15.Pros:-Simple interface-Great Strategic Depth-Good AI-Great fun all around-Easy Learning Curve-Awesome unit movement controlsCons:-Limited battle locals (Gettysburg, and the handfull of new maps)-Somewhat un-intuitive unit selection-Only one formation-Cannons are almost worthless due to vague LOS"
76561198023319831,Recommended,306660,11369454,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Shipwrecked,"This is one of the best Civil War games I've seen in a long time. I was always a fan of Sid Meier's Gettysburg! game, but in a few years it probably won't be compatible with newer operating systems. So I was pretty excited when I saw this game. It has a simple interface and the controls are easy as well. The graphics are good, looks just like the photos, and the fact that the terrain actually plays a role in the battle is also nice a effect. This game's strong point is the A.I. though. There are around 9 different settings, each more daring and harder than the last. The game is fast enough so battles won't last hours on end, but not so fast that the battle is over before it starts. *There are a few bugs\problems as of this review, namely that morale, at least for the Union, drops almost too quickly and I noticed some unit's don't fire at the enemy. I'm not sure if it's a bug, but it is annoying. The game seems to get updated quickly though. Overall, it's a great buy. Two thumbs up!*These bugs seem to have been fixed. Unlike my previous games, the Union army held firm and didn't retreat after the first couple of shots. The units not firing also seems to have fixed, if it was a bug to begin with."
76561198008255000,Recommended,306660,12280658,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Wardilocks,"Oct. 4th update - Based on the rapid updates and active development of this title, I'm officially switching my recommendation. The latest update still leaves a few things to be desired, but it's quite clear that the developers are passionate about this game and receptive to feedback from it's users.Still needs fixed:-need for the tweaking of unit casualty rates from incoming fire, seems to be based more on discrete appoximation than statistical physics. i.e.-skirmishers should recieve fewer casualties due to dispersed and often kneeling and/or prone unit formations, mounted cavalry should recieve higher casualties due to the horse/rider combo equaling a significantly larger target, etc.-3D terrain view still not very effective, I'd recommend grayscale colored topography with white being higher in altitude.-melee combat casualty rates still need to be higher, units entering a melee after the two or more original units don't seem to modify the outcome significantly, and melee units that break and run should take a discrete loss as they break and run and then be highly supsceptible to faster moving units, like calvary.-units firing into a melee should add casualties to all units in said meleeOLDER COMMENTS, MIGHT BE OUTDATED AS OF LATEST RELEASE -I don't recommend this game yet.  It's virtually unplayable as is, despite the fact it's an early release title.  STILL NEEDS MAJOR WORK to come remotely close to a civil war strategy game.Negatives:-Melee combat does little to nothing in terms of casualties, but simply displace units including artillery, making charging largely worthless-As such, artillery are way overpowered and can be left in giant groups on the field and decimate units trying to charge them with little casualties if they are actually overrun-line of sight is very difficult to determine before a unit is actually moved to said location, very important with determining artillery location ahead of time-the terrain is very difficuly to determine what is elevated and depressed half of the time due to poor topographic marking-unit AI regularly disregards your orders immediately after it's assigned-units manuevering is very clunky, including where units often try to wheel completely around rather than just a simple about face-skirmishers and calvary often require lots of micromanagement due to their ""wiggling"" all over the field of battle-unit casualties do not seem realisticly based, and are far too light when units are very close in proximity and far too high when units are in maximum coverPositives:-Computer AI is very well done, and can be very challenging and tricky-units grouping is intuitive and simple, easy to manage large groups of units in real timeAll told, I'd much rather play either of the old Sid Meier's Civial War titles from 15 years ago, considering the graphics are nearly identical, the gameplay is orders of magnitude more solid, and at no point do I want to flip my desk over in frustration, leading from the fact that everything in the old titles tends to make intuitive sense, i.e. 3000 muskets firing at 1000 guys in open ground at close range means decimation, not an occasional casualty here or there, regardless of enfilade fire or not."
76561198008260349,Recommended,306660,12287323,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Shubacka66,"I love this game! I normally don't buy Early access games, I only buy something that I consider is really good, and in this case Im glad I made that exeption. what the developer have done so far is simply amazing, this could be the best Civil war game ever made (when it's complete) from all of the Early access games, this one is amongst the best, I definitely reccomend this game if you like strategy games or into the Civil war, it is totally worth it 10/10"
,Recommended,306660,12248013,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Lee McClellan,This is the best RTS to come out this year so far. It might be a tad expensive for one battle and finding a multiplayer match is a pain but this game is worth it. You will get endless joy recreating or reimagining the battle of Gettysburg. Essential for any Civil War game fan.
,Recommended,306660,16215692,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,lobtaco,i wish this game had other battles but really i love this game and the battle of gettysburg was just an interesting battle and to be put in a game like this is amazing. THIS GAME ISGREAT. BUY IT.
,Recommended,306660,16217833,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,WildBill Hiccup,"This is hands down, the very best (U.S.) Civil War-based game since Civil War Generals 2. The controls are easy learn and the ""drawn path"" for troops to march is much easier to use than - for example- Total War's waypoint system. The gameplay is far better than I ever expected. Of course there are some nit-picks though. In my humble opinion the artillery needs some work: It seems to be designed to affect the enemy's unit morale more than anything (which was more the case in the 14th- early/mid 19th centuries.) But artilley of the mid-late 19th century was much more accurate and damaging than it is in this game. Even canister at close range from a battery of 10 or so guns causes very few casualties. But that's a small quirk and it's not a major problem. (I just happen to be a major proponent of the ""Grande Baterie"" so not-so-effective artillery breaks my poor little heart.) Speaking of centuries, the graphics are very much Windows 95'esque. But I'd much rather sprites that work well than polygonal characters that are buggy and unresponsive. And other than having to run it in ""Alternative Rendering"" mode I have yet to really find any bugs or snags. I run it on Windows 7 64 bit so I have no idea how it would work on Windows 8. But for me it seems to be very stable. I hope they can get more battles soon. Maybe less celebrated ones such as Mobile or maybe Alatoona Pass. Cold Harbor would be nice as well."
76561198001983352,Recommended,306660,16222873,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Orinoco,"I'm not normally into the civil war setting and this is the first civil war era strategy game I've played, but boy it is a lot of fun. The store page claims the AI is pretty smart, and it is. Perhaps not perfect, but it beats anything from the total war series by a very long shot. The AI opponents put up a good fight and once you get used to your unit AI's idiosyncrasies you can rely on them to mostly behave responsibly without too much micromanagement, something that is very rare among strategy games (note that your units will start falling back on their own when they hit 0% condition though, AFAIK that is a game mechanic and not their fault as AI). As well the campaign mode is fluid and interesting.If you are into strategy games like total war or tactical war games this is highly recommended."
76561198056721634,Recommended,306660,16359079,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Eramore Draconus,This game is great and can prove to be a good challenge to any experienced commander. A must have for RTS enthusiasts.
,Recommended,306660,16327691,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Alex,"Really awesome game, i'm having a lot of fun with it :)"
,Recommended,306660,16314094,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Roghisnzas,"Awful at the beginning - but a ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT GAME when you've played it a while (only 0.8 hours the on record though XD)this is an early impression review of the game, so sorry if i got something wrong.Pros:-Amazing AI - Best seen so far-Funny unit moving system-Graphics are kind of unique - funnyCons:-Can get a little confusing-Sounds could be better!Ideas:-Let us choose what kind of units we want-Units all fire at once and not fire at wallOverall:Looking forward to play it a lot!7/10"
76561198025324180,Recommended,306660,16331102,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Walter,"It's great. Each type of general gives you a completely different approach you must take to the battle. The gameplay itself is pretty good as well. While there are a few minor issues (cannons are currently ""OP"" to where an entire brigade will route while trying to fight them, but devs have made strides to fix all issues) the overall gameplay is good. I'm 40 hours in and I've still not completed all the general types, and I am still getting to senarios that I never completed.9/10Hidden Gem."
,Recommended,306660,15934984,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,rustynuckles,good stratige game hope more are made id love to play out some canadian histroy like the war of  1812
76561197989009079,Recommended,306660,16405960,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Rockpilez,"I followed this game for quite awhile before buying it and was very glad that I did get it. I love the American Civil War and have played a couple other games based on this period but UG:G is a very good and fun game to delve into where the outcome is based on your skill or ineptitude. If you like strategy , then this is going to be up your alley. 8.5/10and here is to hoping for more battles from Game-Labs"
76561198019909800,Recommended,306660,16409550,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,robomurphy,Amazing game but please more scenarios!
76561198048666053,Recommended,306660,10895553,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,stewie1993,"I wasnt sure what to expect with this game, but i was thouroughly impressed by the smoothness and ease of play. It is very detailed and very fun to play cant wait until it is finished! Way worth the money"
,Recommended,306660,10962051,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Goon2503,"Really fun.  It is still alpha stage so it does feel like it is missing a few things, but the scale of the battles seem grand.  The AI is very good, and it isn't a walk in the park.  I wish it had more options for troop facing and grouping, but I expect there will be improvements in this area.  Reminds me of Sid Miere's Gettysburg which was one of my faves."
,Recommended,306660,10964580,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nosh2O,"I am not a hardcore RTS gamer, but do love the genre.  I find it refreshing that there is a modern option available, focused on the American Civil War era.I feel the developer is on the right track, laying a foundation, to take the place of what Total War (series) could/should have been in regards to gameplay.Looking forward to further developement."
,Recommended,306660,10966236,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gaius,This game offers a fantastic stragetic simulation unlike any other I've played. It does not focus on micro-mannaging but allows the player to craft a large-scale plan for the battle and adjust it as the AI adapts to your moves. 10/10 will play again
,Recommended,306660,10968928,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ElStu,"Overall a good game so far. Lot's of strategy available and a smarter AI than many other RTS games. Some troop controls still need a little work, such as the charge option. However it's being updated all the time so any small issues should be dealt with fairly quickly"
,Recommended,306660,10972962,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Zed,"(Early Access)This game has amazing AI and unique, easy to pick up mechanics."
76561197999388409,Recommended,306660,11561452,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,rfarris860,Great game. Limited in replay but execellant mechanics of play.
76561198070177578,Recommended,306660,10879980,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,𓃣 Cmdr. Bill [HMS Basilisk] 𓃣,"Ultimate General Gettysburg, is a large scale American Civil War strategy game. I hesitate to use the term RTS as many of the usual tropes associated with them, such as basebuilding, and diplomacy are noticeably vacant. Instead the game focuses on a well built and historically accurate ORBAT, with persistent troops throughout the campaign. For Example if the Unions Iron Brigade had single handedly held Devils den against a full division of confederates, and lost most of its men. Then in your next battle they will be just as weak and quite likely exhausted and low on morale.This gives a feeling of importance to each and every brigade you have, and infact I personally found myself favoring certain brigades, or even hating some (Damnit Baxter! Your supposed to hold Devils den! Why did you advance!?!?). You see, each unit has its own AI Commander who will make choices on their own unless told not too. This includes retreating and advancing to some degree, but mostly focuses on shifting their flanks to face the enemy proper. More than once, a Brigadier Generals advance or retreat has completely changed the way the battle plays, and what was initially my biggest issue with the game has now become one of its strengths.Its not just the individual AI either, ingame the enemy AI itself is brilliant, coordinating attacks on certain positions. If your playing as the union, the second battle of day one is going to be a difficult one, as the AI completely outmaneuvers you. (I'll avoid spoilers here).Now, despite all of this, the actual ingame UI and gameplay is shockingly simple. Its drag and release the mouse. Thats it, ocassionaly you might rotate a units facing, or check the heights of hills with the terrain map. But these are still incredibly simple things to do.There are a few flaws with the game, the brilliant AI sometimes wants to misbehave, and doesn't always take risks. IE: In the last battle of the confederate campaign, the union soldiers outnumbered me by 9000 men, they were exhausted however and the AI decided to let them rest. By the time they had recovered, the battle was nearly over and they didn't have time to push the Victory Point. Small issues like this exist, but for the most part the game is amazingly polished, infact it feels more finished than many games I've played that aren't in early access.In conclusion, I gotta say, if you like strategy games and like games with muskets in them, this is the game to buy. Don't hesitate, this price point and the replayability (I've completed the campaign 8 times now)  means it is a must have in your library."
,Recommended,306660,11719399,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Jaffacake239 [20th AIB],"I love this game. It is simple, challenging, and extremely funm plus it looks very good. Very easy to play for people who have never played an RTS before, and, obviously very easy to run. I hope to see more games like this, or that this game expands into more than the one battle. However that would mean a name change."
76561198006689068,Recommended,306660,11676819,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,harnas1977,The biggest issue in current gaming is AI. Darth proven to us that this nut can be cracked.I highly recommend this game.
76561197996341600,Recommended,306660,11679074,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,BFruelund,"This game is obviously still very rough around the edges, but first playthorugh gave a good feeling. Finally someone caught the morale aspect of warfare and went beyond the simple rps setup. Well worth the money, and I'm looking very much forward to the finished version!"
76561198102317701,Recommended,306660,11669721,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,I HAVE 2 KIDS AT 18,"alright this game is great, but difficult. the AI is smart and makes strategically movements. ive not had one problem with the game so far. my first battle, i drove the confederates straight back onto seminary ridge and flanked them with artillery fire, smahsing their morale and with a couple well placed charges down the hill, i wiped out the entire brigade. this game has fulfilled my expectations for such a cheap price3. it has so much more potential left, which is great. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO ANY STRATEGIST GAMER AND HISTORY BUFF!!!"
76561198028223277,Recommended,306660,11547977,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,greyheli,"Ultimate General's AI is already as good as some of the best Total War AI's,thanks to the past experience from Total War's DarthMod.A great AI is what makes games fascinating.(AI is *much* better than the latest Total War, a disappointment)I also love the gameplay vs. realism design decisions made which make this game just plain fun!I'm certain this will be the next great strategy AI people are hoping for."
76561198011187317,Recommended,306660,12935129,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Ayupbrian,very good for a quick small game. He who dares wins!Small content so small price to be paid.
76561198061258495,Recommended,306660,20451025,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,gamertimv,Fantastic realism. Feels as close to being on the battle field as any game I ever played. Have great control over units allowing you to decide how and when to attack or defend. Wish it would be available for other battles and wars! Great game.
76561198030330688,Recommended,306660,20432285,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,oracle1001,Very good game. Fluid play and the battle is in real time. Graphics are superb. Very fun to play and gameplay is engaging. I hope the developer comes out with more battles in this series. I highly recommend this for players who love RTS and military / historical / strategy games.
76561198064402774,Recommended,306660,20482338,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,TheBLOB,"This is a great value purchase and a quality games with some fine content to keep it lively. The AI system is quite interactive for AI in general, and the customizability options are quite unique.I found the community active, challenging, and helpful."
76561198025338860,Recommended,306660,20518235,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,NorthDownWest,Awesome game kind of reminds me of Sid Meier's Gettysburge!
76561197991148495,Recommended,306660,20546790,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,bongo_clive,"Excellent little game, and as expected, the AI is quite meaty. Pleasing to see your own soldiers acting with believable behaviour; never exposing a flank, needing high morale to carry through a charge, withdraw into cover if exposed.A pleasant time was had, I look forward to the sequels."
,Recommended,306660,20526275,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Arcadian Del Sol,"By far one of the best war strategy games I have ever played. I would love to see this developer tackle Napolean, Alexander, and of course Patton."
76561198001196211,Recommended,306660,20025139,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Rando Calrissian,"This is the closest thing I have found to the old Sid Meiers Civil War games. More games like this need to be made, lots more games like this.Pros:Simple controlsNot at all confusingVery easy to get intoCons:NONE! Well none that warrant any complaint from me."
76561198170430227,Recommended,306660,20061743,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,dms_rbby,the problems I've had has been a joke today.I would like to install gettsburg as I had it before. I had installed windows 10. I DID LIKE IT I try to uninstall windows10.  to windows 8 that started my problems
76561198016983378,Recommended,306660,19893964,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,BIG SHNEE,brillant game easy to play men move instanly when ordered. good garphics and sound affects all around great game if u like this type of game! it works great too installed no problems works n plays as should un like alot ov titles at the mo on steam
,Recommended,306660,18964097,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,odysseus211,Fun RTS Game!!!
76561198000753362,Recommended,306660,19976393,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SA|Fallen Horizon,The game has a great AI that well leave you focusing on your next move. If you leave an opening in your lines the AI WILL exploit that. This is the strongest point of this game and it does a good job at it.
76561198007815728,Recommended,306660,19974571,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Biotic,"Check the videos, really a very good game at an extremely fair price.Different AI settings have a huge effect, adds to replayability."
76561197972236766,Recommended,306660,19969111,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[SFSS]TheWildbean,Very neat idea of a game. It reminds me a littel of SId Meir's Civil War games. I wish it would have a greater ability to zoom in and maybe more tactical choices but I do enjoy playing it and would recommend it as a light rts veriosn of the a civil war game.
76561197972077649,Recommended,306660,19972785,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Deckard,Very well done. I wish they would expand on this into a fully fleshed game.
76561198115065981,Recommended,306660,19934401,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,david_ward_johnson,"I cannot believe how many game hours you can get from such a simple and small game.  Every battle pans out differently, I haven't played recently but I know I'll be back."
76561197987363382,Recommended,306660,11119639,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Ripper3222,"Super fun game. There are some people who would look at the historical accuracy and realism but they're the weird kind of person that really offers nothing to the conversation.For an early access game its very stable, lots to do in the game. I haven't had any technical issues in my brief play time so far. The battlefield actually feels alive. You can hear the shouting of soldiers and the firing of cannons.I have high hopes for this given that it's not complete yet."
76561198011893578,Recommended,306660,10847129,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gi Genocide,"Simply amazing. A must buy for any RTS fan or anyone looking for some real bang for their buck. Spent the last few days playing and will keep playing for a long while. Inho. Great game, a classic, best civil war game I have played in years."
,Recommended,306660,21051373,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,WhaleOne,"Downloaded on a whim. Love grand strategy, love investing hours into Paradox games.Somehow though, I keep coming back to this bloody little single battle sandbox. Simple and deep, amazing little game. Can't wait to see what comes next for the Ultimate General games. Well done, 10/10, if you're even mildly interested get this game and there will be no dissapointments to be had."
76561198023481502,Recommended,306660,21415731,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,peterjm,I love this game.It fun and the A.I. options are amazing.
76561197971629660,Recommended,306660,21126460,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Dadaan,"Great addictive game! A bit thin and short, but it's fun to play all the different scenarios with randon AI chosen."
,Recommended,306660,20909970,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all, (Geant) TAW,"I simply love this game. I play it in hour long chunks, which can constitute two or three battles over one or two days. The simple controls, lovely graphics (if not very detailed) make tbis a wonderful experience. That said, the battle mechanics have some strange quirks. Artillery is almost invincible no matter how you engage it, and cavalry is useless. I respect the fact it was lightly armed and historically almost obselete, but it could have a bigger role. The game also needs, though, a time slider or something to make the units maneuver faster. Overall though, this is a very good game."
,Recommended,306660,20804626,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,TheVeganJedi,A very fun game if you love tactics of this age.
76561197999208847,Recommended,306660,20797847,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Wormhole,"While the game is limited in its scope, it does what it sets out to do and it does it well.When was the last time a small game did that for you?"
,Recommended,306660,21076504,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,andrewv89,"As a history buff I love the battle of Gettysburg, and I love that these guys have made this game.ups- pretty accurate on everything but the marathon runner speed of the the foot troopsdowns- the controls are SOOOOO CLUNKY!Again as a history buff, I will continue to play this game.... also I paid less than $4 for it so no complaints, but this game would not be worth the $15 or $20 it had been"
76561198007292890,Recommended,306660,21146340,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,philster,this game is verry will done! looking foward to a newer version!
76561197983452955,Recommended,306660,20665926,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ELMO,"I havent played this lovely gem in a few months. The Dec 2015 updated AI is kicking my booty. How absolutely refreshing, gurrrrr. I so wanted a game that included the entire civil war, every dang battle. I'm so glad that they choose to focus on one battle instead of the whole war. The Perfect General is PERFECT, well almost. If your into the old Napolean type battles you can't go wrong here. How many times can you refight the battle of Gettysburg before you cant stand to look at the title again? I don't know but I'm a few years and many hours into testing that thought."
76561198088476823,Recommended,306660,25230872,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,gaffney180,"I really love this game. The hardest part of the game is understanding that you're playing a 2D game in a 3D world. Once you understand this, you will start to see a lot of common frustrations solved. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys playing RTS."
76561198040273913,Recommended,306660,25258903,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,kingtyris,"This is definitely a 'good not great' game. It would have been far superior had the devs focused on a desktop computer release instead of making it to work on tablets, but its still a solid game."
,Recommended,306660,24736369,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SkyWarp,"First, I like this game because it is a historical game in the vein of Warhammer: Shadow of the Horned Rat.  This game was not that impressive the first time I played and was trounced by the AI.  Nonetheless, I appreciated the beginner guidance that is included with the game and watching the enemy tactics also helped.Playing it a second time got me hooked because I realized terrain is the single biggest-factor and having very mobile lines of artillery at high altitude (pausing periodically to re-align them) is critical.  Morale is a big factor if you rely on charging the enemy and routing them soldiers - I recommend avoiding that though. Each campaign has multiple sequences of battles and the available strategies change as your army succeeds or fails to capture critical map locations."
76561198056274168,Recommended,306660,24732616,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,GypsySocks,"I've put 10 hours into the game, when this review was writtenIt didn't take long me to look at this game and knew that it would be for me. If you've loved strategy games like Rome Total War and managing big armies, then this game is for you. There is no such thing as individual troop selection, you command entire bregades. Reinforcements come, hills and valleys must be utilized to keep to keep your advantage.There is only one map, maybe that is to remain historically accurate. I would love to see a variety of maps, even if they weren't historially accurateThe controls are easy to learn and the tutorial isn't complex. There is a lot of strategy to learn, i personally don't mind losing as I view every battle as a uique learning experience, per the game.  It can be difficult and the AI has surprised me.Every battle feels uniqueWill write another review when I have accrued more hours.  Feel free to add me as a friend, message me, and we can play a multiplayer battle or two together."
76561198022898758,Recommended,306660,24630885,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,linda.bailey,"A nice little game this, it's a pity that the game only applies to the Gettysburg battle because a bigger expansion into other battles or even the whole war would be great.I have played many other American civil war games and rate this one of the better ones in graphics and gameplay."
76561197991096666,Recommended,306660,25534231,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Richter_Belmont_Scale,It's good!
76561198050900334,Recommended,306660,25433076,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,KentuckyReb,"I've played them all, and this gem is up there with the best! I have logged almost 500 hours and still cannot get enough. The very first thing I do is hit 'M', as it brings up the topographic map. This is a huge bonus in the game. I love this game. I cannot wait until the next one!!"
,Recommended,306660,25404070,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Saias ⑨,"Game is hard a crap, but the overall strategy and immersion are top notch.  it truly drive's you to improve and win.also casualitys in this game will hurt a lot and set you back, because in the last mission you will need everything you can get."
76561198069133679,Recommended,306660,25466082,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Sn1per01,"So, this game is a great one, one of my favorite RTS games that I own, but I have had the issue of it crashing my computer.  My computer is a macbook air, but I also have used it on my cheap laptop (got it for $50 at a garage sale, so it isnt exactly an accurate representation of how it will run on a decent PC).  anyway, the game is great so if you have a PC that is decent, get this game."
,Recommended,306660,24338960,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Nateroyah,it.s good. I like it.  I want more battles
76561197982085517,Recommended,306660,24471450,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Schwendau,"So, I have come back and forth to this simulation... I am pretty addicted to it. The push of a full frontal assualt will only give you a greviace defeat. Make sound decesions and watch your lines. Move your commanders around to boost the troop morale, especially when you go for a push. I would love to see this engine done for the Mexican American war, Rev War, and Seven Years... there is some macro management to be done, but really an awesome play. Fast pace and steep but quick curve of learning.Fix your bayonets and let's take that high ground"
76561198318492651,Recommended,306660,24642947,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,markalan12059,"A fun little game! It's a blast watching your formations move and fight, attack and withdraw.  Everything moves in real time but you can pause the game to issue orders so it doesn't have to be hectic unless you want it to be.  The learning curve isn't very steep. You can access and navigate through the tutorial any time during the game.  After a little while you won't need it anymore.  The manual is little more than a printed version of the turorial but it's okay for quick reference.  Not a lot of chess like strategy here. Like the actual battle, this is a slugfest.  Plays fairly quickly.  It looks like I logged a lot of hours playing because I would leave the game paused while I took breaks.  I definately recommend it especially to someone who is more a Civil War history buff than a hard core wargamer."
76561198033970928,Recommended,306660,25803962,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,HeadHunter,Great game !  We want more like this !  When is the next one coming out ?
,Recommended,306660,27057688,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Red Comet,"With the next title in the Ultimate General series coming out, I thought it would be a good time to revisit this title. Is it still worth buying UG: Gettysburg? Yes! Ultimate General: Civil War does not seem to be have any scenarios forthcoming for the Battle of Gettysburg, so until some later DLC, this is the only UG title where you can play as either Lee or Meade.  Moreover, the UG experience does not rely upon fanciful graphics or shock value to make the game expereince. Instead, it provides a reasonably accurate but incredibly accessible model of mid 19th century warfare. Positioning is everything. Leave your men in the open in front of enemy cannons, and the enemy will cut them to pieces. Put your men in cover and watch them stand like a stone wall before vastly superior enemy forces. At some point, the battle will come down to a charge. But are your men fully prepared to eject the enemy from a key piece of terrain? Players can get a feel through the ""condition"" and ""morale"" rating of their units, but UG: Gettysburg never reveals the full underlying mathematical model, which makes the player experience more like the command experience of an actual Civil War general. The only thing I think the game could improve on is some more clear illustration of LOS and the ability easily reface units (improvements that UG: Civil War has already implemeneted). Overall, UG: Gettysburg remains a simple but innovative design that is definitely worth 15 USD."
76561198023333290,Recommended,306660,27278431,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AdamUlster,Good game
,Recommended,306660,27082264,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Flatster,"The same map with the same units against the same enemy over and over... but man, is this fun. A really solid RTS game with easy to pick up controls and a decent amount of AI difficulty. A real gem of a strategy game that uses it's subject matter to great effect."
76561198284812649,Recommended,306660,21945462,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,iamuberyak,"I played the old Side Meir's Gettysburg when it came out and loved it. I've been playing Ultimate General for a while and feel that it is superior is someways, but the old Gettysburg had some advantages. I think Ultimate General blows the old one away in graphics and fluid game play. I like the way you can group units and move them as one. I'm very impressed with the live action, but think the old game was better in the following ways;1. You could march units in column form and then deploy at a designated spot in a number of ways (wedge, refuse line...)2. You could manipulate individual units. Say deploy 3 reg and have one as skirmmers watching you flank.3. You could deploy a whole brigade as skirmishers4. The calvary was more versitle. Able to move as calvary and then deploy in line.5. The old units had experiance points which could be added to by where they were in line, location of Division commanders, cover....etc.6. If a unit was in line they would automaticlly start to fortifiy,All in all its still a great game. I would highly recommend this to anyone into real time combat games. Def worth the price. If the good people at UG would take the above into consideration it would be a perfect game."
,Recommended,306660,25937473,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,JFK WAS AFK,"One of the best Civil war strategy games. I love how you can command so many units with the actual commanders of each brigade going into battle under your command, it really makes me feel like I am a general! I hope this series will continue... I look forward to new Ultimate Generals.9/10"
,Not Recommended,306660,25890752,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,onemanstartup,"I want to like this game, but it's constantly freezes on mac os x"
76561198178098465,Recommended,306660,25915879,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Brian_Pacilli,get realism
,Recommended,306660,25642890,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Pondo,I really enjoy this game.  It is RTS at it's best!
76561198019242040,Recommended,306660,25432099,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ICAT,be me-tries to recreate history as union-fails and is pushed back-rages-tries again-sucesseds-next day-see a flanking force-forgets about the flanking force-gits rektd-fails10/10 would fail at history againupdategame crashes on weaker PCs8/10 still git if u got a decent PC
76561198141552273,Recommended,306660,26061485,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Charles Dickinson Took This L,"I absolutely love this game! It's a great time for civil war historians or people who enjoy a little history lesson now and then. It has less content then total war or civ, but its a great buy on or off sale. And that's the bottom line."
,Recommended,306660,25987720,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Darth Tormounus,A fun stratigic history game that was entertaining and showed one of the great battkes of the cival war. Also a easy game to get 100% achievements.
,Recommended,306660,27632154,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Ghost of Yugoslavia,rip
76561198063096071,Recommended,306660,28246772,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,clae1,this game is a damn jewel i cant pull myself away.So damn goooooooooodd
,Recommended,306660,28309645,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,[77th] [Recruit] c01n_deadly,"I have loved strategy games in the past for many many years. Some of my favorites were the Total War series, and the Take Command/ Scourge of War Civil games. Ultimate General: Gettysburg brings a whole new feeling to the table in this phenomenal game. It honestly feels like a mix between Total War and Take Command: 2nd Manassass. From the very first day that I bought this game, it was instantly one of my favorites. Well done to whoever has made this game. You have made a game that Civil War buffs and strategy gamers will love for many many years."
76561198081327319,Recommended,306660,28187397,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Rolland,one of the best strategies to play!
,Recommended,306660,23508723,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,McIntosh_Productions,"I have to say i would give it a 7.5/10 great game for that over commanding gameplay.Pros:Has fantastic gameplay with friendsGives it a realistic feel where units won't hold if there out gun'd and out-man'dThats pretty much it.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cons:Units dont stay together and move out when they feel like it.Units move around when they are fightingUnits dont all fire, so why not let the second line fire why only the first line fire?NO MODS I WANT MODS, like a revolutionary war mod for this game would be fantastic!I really want the units when you tell them to move to atleast stay somewhat together not just all spread out"
,Recommended,306660,28463022,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,"Gaines, Sir Doctor Professor",It's a very well thought out representation of Gettysburg.
,Recommended,306660,28431293,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,The_Marylander,"I have played for the past week. I can say that it is very engaging. The union campaign is not as hard as the confederates but that's historical, since the union plays defensively. The game runs very smoothly even on a laptop(which i play it on). the only game that could out match this for a civil war tactic game is scourge of war. This game also does not take as long to play, about twenty minute battles for campaign. Custom battles are around 20 - 40 minutes long."
76561198007895355,Recommended,306660,28455832,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Edward Braddock,"Game is jacked up, I hoped it was going to be a new Robert E Lee: Civil War General, it does not live up to that, most frustrating are the technical quirks still readily apparent.  Nothing more frustrating than watching your elite infantry unit that youve spent alot of money equiping zombie walking into the enemy line. Why? Who knows? but those veterans  and shiny new rifles aren't cheap to replace.  If this was a finished product i'd give it a thumbs down, but i am giving it a thumbs up hoping that they'll fix the quirks."
76561198120459243,Recommended,306660,27023323,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daddy Thermite,"Away down South in the land of traitors,Rattlesnakes and alligators,Right away, come away, right away, come away.Where cotton's king and men are chattels,Union boys will win the battles,Right away, come away, right away, come away.Then we'll all go down to Dixie,Away, away,Each Dixie boy must understandThat he must mind his Uncle Sam!10/10"
76561198053679270,Recommended,306660,26956428,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kunkkaaaaa,eeeeee
,Recommended,306660,26839208,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gutburst,great little game
76561198003686727,Recommended,306660,26566423,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Forgotten donkey,Love this game. No bugs that affected the gameplay and graphics was more than good enough. This is without doubt one of the best strategy games I have played.
76561198013582557,Recommended,306660,26631392,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,deerslayer,This is a great game. So many different ways to play. I have enjoyed this game so much. I can't wait for other games from Ulitmate General.
76561198011425884,Recommended,306660,26699651,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Apollo,One of the best tactical games I have ever played
76561198048801286,Recommended,306660,28719189,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,andrewfavre4,"The game is pretty good not the best but certianly not the worst, Union is fairly OP. It is fun to play but deeply frustrating too, for instance playing the Confederates I had Pettigrew outflank the Union at Oak Ridge and after losing 200 men (he had over 2,500 men) his men broke and routed towards the enemy even though they had freindly units behind them and by the time they reformed they only had 400 men left. In short the enemy AI is great and their morale is always better than yours. Freindly AI is about as dumb as a sack of rocks and will rout towards the enemy and get annihalated.Overall I would recomend the game they still need to fix the unbalance between the Confederates and Union and for goodness sakes make sure your troops don't rout towards the enemy.6.5/10 worth it but still frustrating."
76561198341173044,Recommended,306660,28536929,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,dclark.kc2016,I enjoy the game. However not incorporating the ability to direct individual regiments (like the original sid game) severely limits your ability to affect flanking manuevers. Also the ability to re -arrange your  stronger regiment units to the fight. The original allowed you to lose a unit without your entire regiment breaking.
76561198052499025,Recommended,306660,28960248,Posted: 2 January,all,KungFuBrew,very fun against a friends.
76561198074638795,Recommended,306660,26648431,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Balaclava,"Good game by all means, but at first I absolutely hated it. The AI in this game does not help the game be fun at all but this isn't nessesarily a bad thing. The AI is amazing and doesn't ♥♥♥♥ about, which is why I didn't find the game fun at first. But, once you understand that as the Union you need to put your men into cover and that TW experience will not only fail to help you but probaly ruin your battles then you learn that this game has one hell of an AI enemy!P.S. Someone called this game a tablet clone, not technically true but there is an Apple versions of this game that came out not too long ago, but its not as good... idk"
76561198035304467,Recommended,306660,29195997,Posted: 11 January,all,mammoth20,"Ju8st a simple great game , I picked this up a year or so ago played it played it played . both sides are a blast to play .as well  the Ai settigs are intresting since they are a block of 9 settings all varring in dificulty of offensive /defensive  moves . if this is not enough hit random .  It is easy to pick up play hard to master . On line played few time while back you may not get the army battle YOU want but going as randon any jump in , less then 5 minutes . they have a new full game out on the whole war but that is another story .I have to say graphics  are not for close up man verse man ,  I have seen this on sale for as little as 5.00 and worth every bit the 5.00 even 10..00 , reatil is 15.00 and if you are well to do then may be worth it for you as well . It was one of my favorite playing games of 2016  just beacause I jump in play a single battle set the random AI and have fun for a hour or two .yes there are some short fallings but the price makes up for it , if looking for a hard core send a messanger with delays smoke  dead bodies go with the scourge of war serise but you will need a lot of computer /and money . this here you do notecuse my  writing skills I was muigged in 2004 with a permenent head tramua so the spelling grammer is messed up"
76561198148002260,Recommended,306660,29414952,Posted: 21 January,all,Iljanos,"This game is so cool and also a little bit difficult to play at the beginning but than wehn you know how to play its just fun, BUT you nee more content ( like more diffderent units etc) or not just gettyburg also some other wars from the civil like 20 years later the war of (i don' know) whit gatlings or more.als o just to say this game is GReat funny and also difficult to play and every match is different to another.thanks i hope you will work on it and jeahgoodbayand if theres gonna be another game just now ultimative general 8i don't know) i woud be happy to get it free becuase 15 bucks for ONE game is a little bit much but for the next gen of the game woud it be worthy."
76561198126012340,Recommended,306660,29641722,Posted: 1 February,all,ike519,"It's a real shame people started a ♥♥♥♥♥in on this game it's a good game despite a few little quirks and what not, give it a try it's only fifteen bucks, where else you gonna find a modern civil war game?"
76561198010828501,Recommended,306660,29641264,Posted: 1 February,all,easyuninvited_98,"All around well rounded strategy game,very excited for full civil war game they have out. This game is one for the books,great graphics for the type and the game play makes you think out every move."
,Recommended,306660,30086807,Posted: 21 February,all,Taurus,Advancing from one battle to full scale campaign mode with management was an amazing movement by the devs. I have enjoyed the game from beginning and it's even only in alpha! I recommend this game to every strategy fans!
,Recommended,306660,29772976,Posted: 7 February,all,everyboneinyourbody,"Being new to the strategy sim genre, I wasn't sure what to expect - this game has me sold on the game style in general and on the Ultimate General series over all.  I tried Sid Meyer's Gettysburg once and while good, its not as good as this title.  The interface is intuitive and was very easy for a non-player to jump right in.  This is a very accessible game.  Only thing I wished for was some kind of warning system when I made bonehead moves or something wasn't going so well - maybe a warning that could be turned off as you get better at the game."
76561198021913143,Recommended,306660,30002853,Posted: 18 February,all,natpcon,"Ive pretty thoroughly played this game and can honestly say its a very detailed, realistic tactical take on civil war combat. It reminds me a lot of Total War game battles but presents it in a more artistic (less-advanced?) way, the details however, could possibly put that game to shame and were you to compare the two, I would say UG:gettysburg is the more realistic combat and general sim. Not just due to the fact that this game is historically accurate to a large degree (keep in mind your performance changes the course of the battle) but the actual fighting between units holds a large appeal to me as despite its rustic-look the game holds true to a complex and artsy combat system involving you watch your men load, fire, and die in regimental order, attempt flanking maneuvers, waver under withering cannon blasts from the hill across the way, or brandish bayonets in one final gallant charge for God and country against the enemy lines. It feels authentic and thought-out. Decisions or particularly hard fights the day before can have a unit reeling at the start of the fight the next day. Is the game as smooth or graphically crisp as say a TW? probably not, but it wasnt claiming to be."
76561198008245467,Recommended,306660,17347044,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Reav,The South shall rise again!Sid Meiers Gettysburg lives again.The game is really enjoyable. Honestly.Graphics detail is good for the level you play at. The controls are simple and with the ability to pause the game and issue orders its really handy.For the Union I'm glad it asks you after a fight how you wish to proceed. Do you want to hold that ridge line or compact you line down rather then forcing you to hold everything. I like that the fact you did not hold all the Victory Points does not mean you have to try again. Its historical but it follows how you are fighting the battle.Just one point.It took me several hours of game play to realise that the bluebellies cannot stand a charge by the boys. So since this I have simply bundled the Yankees from Gettysburg all the way back to Washington.So think Napoleonic French assualt tactics and as the Confederates you are on a winner.
,Recommended,306660,11587292,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Goldy,Best AI you're going to find out there...litterally...
76561197992089885,Recommended,306660,33634535,Posted: 18 July,all,delfink,Nice Game with good A.I.
76561198057362231,Recommended,306660,33825876,Posted: 27 July,all,Anguille,"I used to play Civil War Robert E. Lee and Civil War 2: Generals a long time ago. I think i hadn't as much fun with a game on the Civil War than this. The replayability is limited due to the fact that this is only the battle of Gettysburg but it is really well done. It's very immersive (orders being giving, sound of guns etc.). It is a challenging game and interesting for people who wants to understand one of the key battle of the Civil War. I look forward to play the sequel now."
76561197965046644,Recommended,306660,35099931,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,If you want a pretty fun game based on the civil war then you might want to give this a try. You can pick either the Confederates or the Union and fight many historical battles with canons and a lot of infantry.The only issues I had were enemy A.I doing some weird things such as retreating all their forces to the corner of the map and a few times a few of my own men would stand still while the rest of the squad moves out to their assigned location.Overall a fun game...Love watching the battle play out and all the bodies left on the battlefield to show which areas were just all out war.
