user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,306670,18655899,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[luCK]Flare,"Overlord : Fellowship of Evil, Playthrough- ReviewWelp, there is an awful lot of Reviews for this game. Most certainly, it would be an entertaining quest to dig through the mud and find one or two that list something truly good about this game. There are a few things noteworthy that you have to consider before going through this :1) This is not going to be an usual ""hurr durr, its not Overlord III, it therefore sucks"" Review. This game IS NOT A SEQUEL to Overlord II, and therefore shouldn't be looked upon as one. IT'S A SPINOFF, and I'm gonna judge it as such.2) You will find out that most of the guys writing reviews for this game have hardly played two hours. I played THROUGH the entire game. That I ended up with hardly 10 hours nonetheless is a shame, but i will get to that later.3) I really liked the first two games of the franchise, and was really looking foreward to this game. I really hoped it would be good, and even during playing it, I was really trying to see the good stuff.4) To the guys that only came here to read about 10 lines, I'm gonna spare you this whole essay and come right out and say it : DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Not full price, not on discount, not even for -90%. When a friend gifts you this, you should ask yourself if he really is your friend, and/or what he is trying to tell you (JK on that part, he probably wants you to join in, so you can suffer together ;). Even if you are a diehard fan of the franchise, and REALLY want to know how the story continues, watch a Let's Play, im sure there are gonna be a few out there.With that outta the way, let's get started, shall we ? (oof..)I decided to go with the good stuff first, because it deserves a fair chance.The game has kept it's humor, the minions are funny little compagnions, always hungry for mayhem, carnage and anarchy. The actor of Gnarl is back, and does a fantastic job. The voice acting is on point, jokes actually make you laugh (from time to time, depends on your humor I guess). The game is witty, humorous and doesnt take itself too serious, just like what we are used to from previous titels of the franchise. They do a good job getting you (kind of) immersed into the story, which is, sadly, nothing new. Not going to spoil anything, but its the usual ""bring evil back onto the stage and slaughter all the good guys"" deal. Entertaining to some extend, and at least conclusive.The four different heros really provide different playstyles, and are suited for various situations, which makes mixing them up viable.This is sadly where the good stuff ends. Usually you will find the Review becoming some guy ♥♥♥♥♥ing about his wasted money now, I'm gonna try to keep that to a minimum. To make it REALLY short : its a bad game concept, really badly put into action. Halfway through the game I felt like someone actually went through all previous Overlord titels and noted down what was good, to make exactly that terrible. Let's get into the detail :The first thing that comes to mind is obviously the combat. Let's be honest here, the combat system in the franchise never really was a gem, but it worked out, because your minions did most of the work anyways. In Overlord II you had to deploy different combat styles, and even tactics to some extend, to get through the game. The Fellowship of Evil changes this completely : combat = button A. That's the formula the game is based on. Sure, fighting on your own wasnt much different from button-mashing in previous titels as well, but since you are nearly ALWAYS fighting on your own in this game, it gets painfully noticeable. There is no diversity in combat, and dont get me wrong here, I mean NONE. AT ALL. The first enemy gets killed the exact same way as the last. You just hold or press A untill whatever you want to die dies. Some enemys are just ""bulletsponges"", that take way more hits, but they add no diversity. Bossfights run on the same sheme every time. Sure, its not as dissapointing as the final boss being a quicktime-event, but even the ""best fighter for the damned Goodness"" battles out the same way some low-end semi-boss from the first chapter did, really ?Most people will describe the combat as repetitive, it is not. It's anesthetic.The next big deal are the minions. These little buggers were always a selling point for the previous games, they made a huge part of the overall fun. Someone decided thay have to go a new way with them. A disastrous decision, I may add.In previous titels you felt a bit like a general, commandig your devoted minions into battle, or setting them up with wait-point to use their unique abilities for maximum carnage. You deployed tactics, cunning, and yes, mostly, brute force to smite your enemies. Your fingerpoint sealed fate, and you truly felt like the mighty Overlord, COMMANDING the forces of pure evil. Guess what, they ruined it. There are no more minion controls. None. Minions are completely controlled by AI. An AI so outstanding, it could a bad example for every other AI. Minions only move in an assigned area around you, making their own decision on which enemy to attack, or which object to destroy. For this, they even overcome basic logic itself. The object they desire to destroy is unreachable ? These minions wont let something as minor as impossibility stop them ! They just keep on running at the map-border or bashing at a floating bottle they can never reach. If you move too far from your minions, they get teleported back to you. Dont let this decieve you, they will just keep running back to whatever they were bashing before. This adds up to some funny occasions, when they constantly run at a table or chair and get ported back to you, just like they are badly lagging. I can really appreciate that kind of humor, it makes you laugh when you should rather cry....Not only they way YOU handly your minions got idiotised, but the minions themselves as well. Can you recall their abilities from Overlord II ? Greens, as assassins, mighty backstab, extremely powerfull when placed cunningly ? And Reds, giving you the ability to fight enemies from afar ? The kind of minions that promoted tactics, provided diversity ? Well, they are gone as well. Reds are now suicide bombers, Greens strike once and dissapear right after. Sure you could upgrade your Greens, to stay a bit longer in combat. ""How?"" do i hear you ask ? Through combat experience ? No, that would be way too good, wouldn't it ? You spend some currency on them, to make them somewhat less useless. Oh, and did i mention that all minions die after a set time ? Besides the fact that they nearly borderline no damage at all, this is Your options for combat summed up : hold A till it dies. Done.Player Progression....ah well. (usually i would go on about you you just grind our currency to get useless upgrades, or the bugs in this game, or the performance issues, or how pathetically short it is, but Steam says I ran out of space, so im gonna end it here >:[. It's buggy, its bad, dont buy it. DIdi i mention they hint a sequel in the end ? Sounds great, doesn't it? )I hope this was a bit more detailed, therefore more helpfull that the usual ""its not what i wanted to i hate it"" Review.Have a nice day lads, and DO NOT BUY this game."
,Not Recommended,306670,18575328,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,oopa boopa,"This game was fun for the first ten minutes, but the fact that I wasn't relying on the minions from the get go to do most of the fighting was a glaring issue, and the combat itself was nothing more than spamming auto attacks until the blues needed to heal me. Codemasters tried to change up the formula, but I don't feel like it's worked out too well. The new characters brought in are also pretty weak, and don't stand up to the ones in previous Overlord titles."
76561198062296216,Not Recommended,306670,18575982,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Count Wreckula,"This game takes the Overlord name and steers it in a completely different direction. Instead of the gameplay focusing on solving puzzles with minions you're basically expected to spam the attack until whatever needs to be dead dies, and then your blues heal you. The tutorial level does a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor job of telling you what to do and even with changing ZERO presets, I still had to spam key combos until I figured out how to pass the area because the key combos the tutorial presents are wrong. If you loved the previous titles in the franchise, steer clear of this."
76561197971025896,Not Recommended,306670,18576554,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,capmjh,"A major disappointment. Minions are basicly window dressing in the game, as you can hardly summon enough to do much damage to your enemies. 95% of the fighting is on you. The second major drawback is the inflexible camera. It is set  to just one direction, so you very well can find yourself running blind down an alley, as opposed to seeing where you are going.I thought the player was supposed to be an Overlord, just like the previous games. Considering the small amount of minions you get to summon, the player is more of a Corporal than an Overlord.Sadly an epic fail on the part of Codemasters. If you have played and enjoyed the previous Overlord games, save your money and don't waste it on this.Refund requested."
76561198038091775,Not Recommended,306670,18576295,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Amor Sin,"Edit 10/21/2015I will be reinstalling this to play some more as a second chance.I will write a better indepth review around sometime next week.--------------------------------------------ITS WAY TOO SIMPLE.No indepth game playYou use literally three buttons to attack.Your minions are suckyYou can't even guide themI was hoping for something greatI understand this isn't suppose to be Overlord three.But its so simple in its game play.Like why do puzzles exist within an action themed gameWhy do I use only three buttons to attack?Why are the upgrades so linear?WHY DO REDS NOT HAVE RANGED ATTACKS ANYMOREJust can't do this.And to top it off, this game hasWait for itRACES :DNo no no, not magical races like elfs or dwarfsbutLITERALDEATHRACES"
76561198033971729,Not Recommended,306670,18577399,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Scarifar,"I tried to stay optimistic for this game. I really did. However, it seems I was a little TOO optimistic for that.As many people have stated, this is fun for about 10 minutes or so. However, it gets boring fast.The controls are quite odd and clunky. Those experienced with the previous Overlord games are familiar with Browns being on 1 and Reds on 2 and so on. This game completely changes that, with Reds on 1, Browns on 3, etc. AND they make you hold down the Shift key on top of that.The gameplay is stale. The minions have little impact on gameplay, and you are basically just button mashing to win. No spells, aside from one move with a really long cooldown. You only have 3 buttons to attack with, and I spent most of my time using only one.Can't believe I supported this game while it was still in development. I expected better for an Overlord game."
76561198079396016,Not Recommended,306670,33125963,Posted: 2 July,all,Jim Bob,"Things that made the overlord I,Overlord II and Overlord:raising hell edition, good:*backstory for the minions and main character*continuity from the previous game.*The ability to control your minions almost like a micro-manager.*Actual development of the storyline.*Being able to Customise your character and minions slightly, not entirely, but just slightly so you still keep the original face of the overlord.*Inuitive game mechanics for enemies,as well as good character and backstory for bosses.Reasons why Overlord:fellowship of evil is a S**t game and is nothing like the previous games:*No backstory for the characters or minions, you are just dropped into the game.*No continuity from the previous games,they literally change 90% of the factors from the previous games,New world, new main character with no relation to the previous overlords,it seems the only thing they havn't changed is the minions, and even they have had thier mechanics changed.*the abolision of minion mechanics, they are now just mindless Npcs that run around and do stuff without your say-so.*actual development of the storyline, this game gives you a few vague facts to go with for the entire game, these never change and so,no plot twists,no options for the player to make,this all makes foe a very limiting storyline.*changing the main character,completely.Small changes are good,the overlords from the previous games differed slightly, and things like how thier armour looked  could be changed, but the actual overlord himself could not be changed,This game does not allow the character to change the actual Physique and personality of the overlord, No, in fact it takes it one step further, It Gets rid of any connection to the previous overlord, and actually forces you to pick one of the other four new overlords (or NetherGhuls as they are called in the game) which share no backstory of any kind, and in fact look nothing like the previous overlords.*Outrageously terrible game mechanics,The controls do not function properly,the Enemies are buggy,the minions are buggy,the bosses are buggy.Practically every aspect this game tryed to make seem major, was buggy.Enough said.All in all,Overlord:fellowship of evil trys to be a diablo-esque dungeon crawler, that even Diablo fans will absolutely HATE.Why the Overlord team thought this would be a good turn for the francais i can only hope to comprehend,since it was over ambitious from the start.did they expect it to become as popular as, if not more so than Big hit dungeon Crawlers like Diablo?All I can say is this:   Overlord Team, You F****d up baaaaaaaaaad."
,Not Recommended,306670,18632603,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,CLEAN YOUR ROOM,"I will say, I have been a fan of this series for years. I had so much excitement when this game was released, That disappeared within a few hours of Gameplay. I spent around five hours on the game and  I am somewhat pleased and disappointed at the same time. The story was good as ever, but it felt weaker than the previous games. I loved the nods to the other games and the references to culture, but overall it doesn't save the game.If I had to sum up what the game feels like, here is an example. It is like playing Sim City starting with such high hopes for your playthrough. An hour later and you are crawling into debt and you just want to keep playing to finish what you started. That is what the  game feels like to me.I loved this series for the story and the dark humor, yes that was there, but it wasn't incredibly good. While I would love to say it is a good purchase, it is not, unless you are an absolute die hard fan. I only keep playing because I love the story. Otherwise if I didn't love the story, I would have demanded a refund, and have the same opinion of this game as I would Fish Tycoon.The main problems for me was the over buggy nature of the game. At times it was completely hilarious and reminded me of Team Fortress 2, but that isn't always the case with the bugs. And the problems with the menus, I had spent so much on upgrades I didn't want to buy because it was so buggy. Do I feel it was worth 18.99? No, I feel it is worth less than $10.My reconmendation for the company is take a look at Darkspore. Darkspore is a spin off of the game, Spore. Overall it was pretty fun and in some cases better than the original, you had so much customization with bases. And it took nearly the same exact aspects that this game is trying to achieve. But this is only merely trying.Tl;DrGame is only fun if die hard fanDevs should do stuff to try to make the game more compatible and less irritatingIf you loved the previous games for anything but the story, or even like the genre this game is attempting, I reconmend to not buy it.And if you want to really see some shinning examples of this series play the other games."
76561198015394149,Not Recommended,306670,18867218,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,/SM\ Juggernaught,"If this game under another name it would have been an o.k. hack and slash game, but this is an overlord game.  And as an overlord game it was extremely disappointing.  Every other overlord game has been based around using your minions therefore making your minions quite important.  In overlord fellowship of evil, I played almost the entire game without using a single minion.  The only need for the minions were to press certain pads and to attack the bosses, who were quite easy.  To defeat the bosses you only needed to run around and not be hit by their attacks and be ready to send your minions in when their shield was down.In the other overlord games the minions themselves had their own personalities though their hats and the cut scenes, which caused you to be more attached to the game.  I personally liked overlord 2 were each minion had a name, could aquire special hats for certain eneimies being defeated, and could be brought back to life.The weapons were quite limited, meaning, there was nothing to increase a weapons ablitiy, no upgrades after initially being able to obtain weapons, and the abilities of the weapons themselves were very weak.  I was surprised to see a lack of armor to buy or upgrade.  Again every other overlord games involes armor and the option of getting better armor through out the game.The game, overlord: fellowship of evil, I believe to be a compete failure, but all is not lost.  Because the other overlord games were well liked can easily bounce back.  Some ideas that might help for the next overlord game to be more accepted.  1) in the first overlord game there were lots of collectables and having to figure out how to get them.  2)the minions should be your life blood, meaning you absolutely need the minions to do everything from collect items, fight for you, stand on pressure pads, heal you, destroy breakable items.  You as the overlord need to direct them where to go.  3)your tower or fortress of evil should be able to expand and upgrade as you proceed through the game opening up new rooms or giving you new abilites.  4)you need a treasure room to show off all your items you have collected.  5)i believe you should make the game open  world."
76561198100097056,Not Recommended,306670,25307553,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Starcrawler,"Very dissapointed ...-Instructions on playing the game is badly put together-Keyboard controls are horribly put together-No mouse movement support included in the game ... it is wasd of controller ... my supper had more options-The game lacks any distinguishing features ... it's bland ... like tofu-Cannot control minions ... this was one of the main signatures of Overlord, aaand it is now gone?-Cannot control camera angles ... gratious asshots is overrated, there is no panning, zooming or scrolling-It has pretty pictures, which I am sure will apply to the demographics aged between 5 and 9 ... but they aren't allowed to play the game now are they?I'd give this game a 2/10 ... simply because the first two were fun to play ..."
76561198042564599,Not Recommended,306670,18580310,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,PalindromeRose,"It irritates me that this is my first review, but I can't let this one stand without posting something about it somewhere, so here it goes.I would like to say that this game is okay as a stand alone title in the series, I really would, but I can't. Even for being a spin off, it just feels lazy compared to the other Overlord games. A developer with no real name in the industry or fanbase yet could get away with releasing this, and if that were the case it might actually have been enjoyable, but I, as well as many other people I'm sure, expected far better from Codemasters. This game is content baren, the maps are poorly planned out, and half the time you don't even end up using your minions because if you do, they'll just die instantly in one of the death traps that are *everywhere* (thanks to the aforementioned poorly planned out maps). Someone please tell me, what is the point of an Overlord game where you barely use your minions? I mean I know the protagonist isn't actually an Overlord themself, but still!With all of that said, I should add that the same brand of humour, and a similar enough atmosphere to the other Overlord games is definitely there, but how bad the rest of the game is takes away from that. And it's a shame too, because if they'd put a bit more effort into refining the rest of the product, namely the combat system (the minions need to be more useful darn it) and map layouts, this game could be quite a lot of fun.-sigh- Nevertheless I am not going to ask for a refund, because I get the feeling that this was, at least in part, an attempt by Codemasters to make some money, hopefully so they can get the backing to fund a new project, but I am doing so under protest. I've been looking forward to a new Overlord game for years, and you give me.. this. I'm not disappointed because it's something different, I'm disappointed because it's just bad."
76561198120895214,Not Recommended,306670,25389874,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ninaies,"DON'T BUY IT!!! SERIOUSLY DON'T ENCORAUGE THEM!! LIKE GNARL SAY KILL THEM ALL.What could I say that isn't post in previous reviews already. The game is bad, the game is glitchy, produce blue screens in some cards, the plot could be good but it is boring. To end it, it's another lame try to make cash from fans and it isnt even finish, seem they planned a DLC and then forget about it for the bad reception the game has."
,Not Recommended,306670,18643794,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,A Trap,"Just copied and pasted what I posted on the forums.The good:-Gnarl's vioce <3-New character Ricket.-Cost of the game.-Characters voice's/roles. Minons, netherevles, do gooders, Unicorn all sounded/felt the part.-4 characters to play as.-Atmosphere at the Netherdeep/base/hub.-The Golden threat. (Fuzzy minons!)-Evil doing.The bad:-Linear levels. (Levels also appear to have another path, just to lead to nowhere...not even chests.)-Generic enemies.-3 attacks with no variations. (per character)-Changes made to Green's and Red's (Though Red's are good for enemies with high defense/HP).-Lack of weapons.-Lack of customizable options for minons. (Want more then just hats.)-Glitches.-Unable to control minons. (Hate it when they run into the Golden or go off and wreck stuff instead of gathering treasure.)-Game is sort of short to my liking and cliffhanger ending...dat ending made me think there was a secret level e.e-Boss battle's are all similar.-Not much replayability, other then maxing out minons and all character statues...and buying all weapons and hats.-Upgrade's for you and minons have no variety. Ex: Blue minons upgrade- Healing and numbers.Browns: Health + Damage and numbers.Your upgrade's: Health + defense + damage and something with your signature skill...and one for your strong atack.Overall rating: 5/10It's an average game, nothing's horrible, but nothing spectacualr...except Gnarl's voice. Honestly, I would have been upset if the price was higher for the game. It's also the reason why I can overlook some of it's short coming's.Without Gnarl's voice and if the game has been more costly, the game would have ended up much lower on my rating.Side-note- This is not the worst Overlord game made, I personally haven't played it, but watched a video on it...Overlord Minons for the DS looks worse, again, IMO.ADDED: Since last I post this. I beat the game, it is rather short and has a cliffhanger ending. I have also not tried multiplayer, so depending how that goes for me, an extra point or point deducted from my rating.Would I recommned this game?...Sadly...no. I do hope however that the rating's this game gets doesn't impact any other Overlord games coming out...Hopfully Overlord 3  that's on a similar scale to Skyrim :D!TL:DR Read the Overall rating part! ^"
,Not Recommended,306670,18597830,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,kaltaar,"This is basically the soul-less husk of an Overlord game, with controls that are absolute garbage, unless you happen to be using a controller, in which case, they are mediocre at best. The difficulty is schizophrenic, with enemies in the tutorial being far harder than any I encountered up to act 3, where I gave up due to a boss fight with an inexplicable 5 phases, where if you get hit even once causes death.The charm of the previous games is barely visible, with callbacks to the previous Overlords, except with barely any customisability, and an incredibly shallow upgrade system.This game is also very short, with 4 whole acts, each consisting of 4 missions. Most are very short, around 10 minutes or less, with a couple randomly  taking much, much longer, fighting 7 waves of the same enemies, the same enemies you have been fighting since the tutorial.Avoid this game in its current state."
76561198078484039,Not Recommended,306670,18631578,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,skullhand9,"I loved the overlord games, but this is not overlord, camera is at set weird angle, cant control minions, completely linear items/upgrades, short missions, humor falls short(dispite that being a normal high point in overlord}, controls are clunky, cant even adjust controls, highly recommend against"
,Not Recommended,306670,22535926,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Dr. Derp,"I really tried to give this game an honest chance. I really did, on two different occasions.I'm not a huge Overlord/Overlord 2 fan, but I do enjoy those titles just due to the uniqueness of the genres they are associated with.When I first saw this game in the shop. I was so psyched to finally play a new Overlord game, after looking at the screenshots and trailer videos. I was a little confused, however.It looked more like a Diablo/Dungeon Siege-esque game where you controll an army of minions. I didn't mind it much though, as I figured it might be a nice way for the franchise to branch out into different genres, it's good to experiment.But it wasn't executed well at all. My first try lasted about 15 minutes. The graphics were sub-par to the previous installments, and the gameplay was gastly. It just felt so clunky.I picked the caster class. As I've always loved spellcasters in fantasy games. But even if I had my cursor ontop of the enemy, my main ability still missed half the time. It was really frustrating that everytime I decided to attack an enemy, it was a gamble, since everytime you attack, your character freezes for about a second, leaving you open for attacks.The controlls were my biggest issue with this game though, As I honestly had no idea how to do what most of the time. I always had to go back into the options menu to figure out how to get things done. And the fact that I couldn't find how to ""unsummon"" minions was a drag for me.I haven't played this game for long, about 40 minutes. So you should really read through other reviews of people who managed to bear through this game for at least a few hours. Unfortunately, I couldn't. I couldn't really stick with this title for more than 20 minutes at a time, because I can't have fun playing this. It's just not possible for me.I would advice everyone to not purchase this game, it's just not worth it, even if it's re-released for free. It's just... Not worth the space it takes up in your Steam library.I'm not really used to writing reviews, but I honestly hope someone out there found this helpful."
76561197977894748,Not Recommended,306670,25452044,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,wEvil,"This handles terribly, it plays like a cheap cash-in of the first two games, which whilst they filled a niche normally called ""cheap and cheerful"" they did at least have some entertainment value.This game, to put it bluntly, sucks."
,Not Recommended,306670,18578778,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Rev Mustachio Marauder,"ProsGreat dialogue, they spent some time making the characters have the series trademark evil banterDecent Graphics, Nothing amazing but they are definetly above what i would consider averageGood controls, I was using a Xbox 360 controller and that worked greatCo-op play, didn't have enough playtime to use it, but its nice that its on offerConsRandom technical issues, During the tutorial you are supposed to stand on a switch to open a door. On my first attempt the switch was not there and I had to leave and rejoin the level, forcing me to play the tutorial from the bginning.No way to control minions, this was a staple of the previous titles and this is taken away for no reason. Its especially frustrating when there are so many traps that instantly kill minions around levels and your minions happily run into them.No way to de-spawn minions once summoned, Even if you wanted to unsummon your minions while your run through a puzzle, you can't un-summon minions once summoned but this doesn't really matter that much beacuase...Minions are useless. Browns can Tank, Blues heal your hero, Reds explode on enemies (Not ranged anymore, why? Who knows.), and every time I summoned greens they randomly dissapeared within a few moments. I'm not sure if this was a technical issue, or by design. Since reds are basically useless since they explode as soon as they see an enemy, and greens seem to unspawn moments after being summoned I used only browns and blues, and honestly you can just drop browns as they die far too quickly to be effective tanks.Final CommentsThis game is bad. This is basically a reskinned gauntlet with minions. Codemasters clearly♥♥♥♥♥♥out a title that had the overlord name in hopes of cashing in on the previous games popularity. They failed miserably."
76561198018892935,Not Recommended,306670,18915564,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,AceRimmer,"I loved the other, older, Overlords...  This one, though...  What were the developers thinking?  They took all that was good and great about this series and tossed them out.  What is left is basically a sad attempt at a MOBA.  Not to mention this game is still buggy.  The game likes to get you to walk into an area and then shuts a door or gate behind you.  Most of the time that works.  Some of the times you are trapped behind the gate and unable to walk through it unless you return to the HUB (the lair in the older games).  Doing this FORCES you to play through the ENTIRE AREA AGAIN where you still have that chance of getting stuck behind the door/gate.  There are also some really stupid ""time trials"".  This is where the game makes you walk through a heavily trapped area picking up crystals to increase your time while taking damage, losing minions so you can make it to a finish line.  You can opt out of those ""time trials"" but you still have to walk through those heavily trapped areas, taking damage and losing minions.  Minions now can only be summoned when you get ""cubes"".  There are sparse ""Cube Shrines"" where you can spend minutes slashing and hacking into them to get the cubes.  But, when you are out, you are out until you luck out and kill a random enemy and get a cube.  You will never have the large happy hoardes of minions like in the previous games.  Some of the enemies are scaled up in difficulty and they come at you in small waves.  Considering how hard they are the lack of minions within the game is really a head scratcher.  I understand they want this to be multi-player but what made the Overlord games great was they were SINGLE PLAYER.  Now, onto the HUB.  In the HUB you have a statue you can upgrade so your character gets stronger.  After a couple of upgrades the statue appears no different.  Throughout the game, getting stronger and progressing the HUB basically remains the same.  Why did the developers do this?  In the previous games you could upgrade your lair and it gave you a sense of progression.  The HUB is just....the HUB...nothing special...it looks the same and doesn't change.  Enemies...  The series used to have different areas where there were different enemies.  Now...  In this game...  They are all pretty much the same.  Look, bottom line...  The developers took a great series and castrated it.  If you are new to this series feel free to get this game.  You might even enjoy it.  But if you ever played and enjoyed any of the older games...DO NOT GET THIS GAME."
76561197974601505,Not Recommended,306670,18633891,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Sw1tch,"While it's beauitful to look at in some places, it feels rough and unfinished, the voice work is consistent from previous games, however the control scheme and lack of camera control make this game feel less than it's former glories! The speed run challenges make for an interesting break from the new run and gun style, but without camera control it just feels clunky and disorienting. I miss the days of raising villages in colorful cartoon glory, sending minions by the dozen to drink and be merry while raising hell...Evil does reign supreme, unfortunately just not in the playable enjoyment of this title."
76561198219688047,Not Recommended,306670,30210883,Posted: 26 February,all,maslankaamy,"If you are an OverLord fan or even a fan of Diablo III Reaper of Souls, this game is a very very sad let down compared to both. It was like they tried to take the two styles of play and smashed them together taking out the key components of the original games that made them so great.Starting off learning the controls is horrific, as you go you find that there are controls that should exist that don't and some that do exist that shouldn't....it's enough to drive the player completely batty in a matter of minutes. After learning the controls it doesn't get any better. The story line is kind of blah if not off the wall and has little to not connection to the original OverLord games other than the idea to cause chaos and mayhem every where to bring evil back to life.Honestly even if you never really played OverLord or Diablo...this game would still likely♥♥♥♥♥♥you off and be utterly confusing. 200% Nah for game play here..."
76561198034109698,Not Recommended,306670,18577181,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,FreeMyNiggaHarambe,"Honestly, as an avid fan of previous overlord games, this is a massive letdown. Combat is very boring, only 2 minions are good, browns as tanks and blues as healers, other 2 types disappear almost as soon as i spawn them, gameplay is very unfun, and camera is just absolutely awful, i give this game 3/10, terrible use of Overlord franchise."
76561197977956504,Not Recommended,306670,18630488,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,loupdebois,"I rarely review games, but this one earned it for a simple reason: the controls were ridiculously sluggish. I despise the kind of game where most of the challenge consists of starting shocked at the screen snarling ""what are you DOING?"" at your character as they fire directly away from enemies or walk onto obviously avoidable spikes despite any input from keyboard or controller. I used both an xinput controller and the keyboard/mouse, neither made the game enjoyable. Gone is the satisfying ""minion sweep"" function too - now they just turn up and do whatever they feel like, which generally involves running into the nearest hazard to their fiery (or fluffy) deaths.I loved the Overlord series and this game looked fresh in the trailers, but it's pretty foul up close."
76561197982621062,Not Recommended,306670,18604361,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Carch,"okay, so I had a large and good review written up. but it seems steam decided to eat it and not post it.in short, is this game fun?yes... ish.is it more fun then the other two overlord games out there? NO, not in any way, shape or form.if you want an overlord game, go buy overlord 1 and raising hell, or overlord two. not this thing.it's short (breezed through in 6 hours), far too easy (not challenged at all). the minions are useless, you can't even direct them and they're so stupid it hurts (not stupid in a fun way). the humour fell completely flat most of the time, completely ditching themore subtle and dark humour one would expect from anything calling itself overlord, or even from the trailers. and overall... just a mess really."
76561198165483386,Not Recommended,306670,18601150,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,A$AP  Yung Vaseline,this game was fun but it is not overlord in so many ways.the ending sucked so hard damn.and it is yust a few hours of gameplay i am disapointed
,Not Recommended,306670,18948089,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,UltimiaVlad,"I would like to like this game and it has potential to be good, but as it stands it is a buggy mess.It doesn't feel finished. Minions will stop attacking, randomly die, sometimes not spawn with the [shift+#] and runoff in any other direction than the one you're going. Bosses become impossible due to this. Bosses will sometimes just not fight you. Attacking doesn't feel good.  There have been times where the hitboxes fail and i cant hit anything, even right in front of me.The fight sections also feel awful. They're drawn out and when this is combined with tons of enemies with little hitboxes, minions not fighting or randomly dieing, it makes these sections worse. Switches will sometimes fail to activate or constantly activate. Most of the time, I just run through obstacles to get them over with. It is not fun.When the game DID work, however, it was an enjoyable experience and it was fun to hit things. Unfortunately, this was a somewhat rare occurrence.It hasn't crashed and the music is really good, the netherghul's designs were nice, ricket is a good addition to the game and some of the dialogue was hilarious. I have had a fun time with trying to climb the invisible walls set around and have even been able to get out of bounds and completely avoid fights. I gather joy from trying to get out of bounds and often games that are somewhat buggy are good to me, but more often than not, the bugs were bad.I really wish they had spent more time fixing the bugs and telling us more on the characters in game as this caused a disconnect in scenes. There was a whle slew of problems, a lot I didn't cover in here. If the various bugs were fixed, I would happily recommend this game to people but as stated, this game isn't all that swell of a time at this point. I really hope Codemasters gets some kind of patch or update that addresses these and many other problems so the game can be an enjoyable one."
,Not Recommended,306670,19463221,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,[SPIDER] ha11oga11o,You thiefs! You rob me on 4-pack and me and my friends cannot join to play together at all. What a waste of good game name and money. Shame on you developers!I just wish that i can get my money back for 4-pack and purchase something else instead!
,Not Recommended,306670,19175999,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,AngryAnunnaki,"If you were a fan of the original Overlord sries like I was DO NOT EXPECT THIS TO BE LIKE THAT! I really dont know what happened here. Its like another ""Command & Conquer IV"" type moment. The developers had a great game, the fans loved it but oh no they didnt want to give the fans what they want, they gave us some wired alternate dimension form of the classics...I would reccomend caution in buying this game, watch a gameplay video first. The graphics are poor for 2015, the game is so different to what it used to be and the controls are non-customisable and really bad and the gameplay is very very basic. When we consider the original overlords were rather simple, more basic is not a good thing. I have no idea what this is, but just as ""C&C4"" was really pitiful remnance of a great series, so is Overlord: Fellowship of Evil...Such a shame... When will you game designers learn? A game series is supposed to be the same game. Better graphics, cooler toys and stuff, different adventure through different worlds, but we want the same damn game as in their prior titles. If you want to make something elese, call it something else and let us decide if its a game type we want to play.ARE YOU LISTENING GAME DESIGNERS??? I sincerely hope so..."
,Not Recommended,306670,25778235,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,soooperspeed ®,um ..... yer this should NOT be called overlord ...aint nothing like the game and aint nothing but a dota style cr@p box /.do i reccomend this .... NOdid i buy it event ho the reviews were mostly negative ..YESdo i regret that .. YESdid i refund .. F YESsorry this game has nothing of the original games and is in essence just a feint copyjust like how the FAST AND FURIOUS films have gone ..i dont reccomed it .. NOT even on sale
,Not Recommended,306670,28320403,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,janarah_caine,"Why this game was ever put out with the overlord franchise I will never understand. It's not an overlord game but more reminiscent of the old gauntlet games.Game play is simple, but if you expect this to be overlord look somewhere else.This game should have been called something else and not been allowed to bring the franchise into the dirt as it seems to have done.Honestly, it's nothing special and one should expect the witty fun story lines from the first to overlords.I don't reccomend this game unless you just want to bash on friends in multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,306670,18577574,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,qc,"Very very bad. Only 3 attacks per classes, minions are useless and there is like 2-3 type of ennemies."
76561198089745251,Not Recommended,306670,18643850,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Psychonumber13,"Absolutely abismal. This game was never meant to be a sequel to overlord, understandable as you don't play as the overlord himself. This game works better with friends, it makes it ten times easier. There are so many bugs, some are silly like minions running off of cliffs like lemmings, while others are game breaking like not being able to move your character at all halting the game and forcing you to quit. The minions are hardly usable, even their basic functions don't work within the game, AI pathing taking them on a suicidal run. The controls for the characters are disappointing and quite clunky/useless *cough* Inferna *cough*. Some of the original humour is here but does fall flat compared to the previous games. It is a quaint addition to the series but desperately needs work to make it completely playable, having to quit every couple of hours due to a game breaking bug isn't exactly a working game codemasters *cough* better testing *cough*. However it is a nice little time waster, so long as it doesn't get played for more than a few missions at a time so all hell can't be let loose in the form of bugs and not your abilities.Stay clear of this game until some fixes have come out before buying if bugs and the like annoy you."
,Not Recommended,306670,18578039,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Call,A colossal disappointment after 2 great games.Minions dont follow commands and seem to just despawn randomly.Combat consists of spaming attacks till something dies.Such a sad way for the series to die.
,Not Recommended,306670,18620966,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,El Fox-O,"If you want an overlord game, this is not it.  I wanted my hord of minions to go kill the enemy, but they are really just glorified abilities in this game.  Reds and Greens literaly get out one attack and then disapear, and you have a pitifull pool of each color to draw from.  I was forced to engage in combat myself, a very grindy poor combat system at that. One out of five, would not play or pay 20 bucks for it."
76561198018788826,Not Recommended,306670,23531894,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Phoenix,"Allright then Lets begin.This game is an utter disrepect to the previous titles, The Devs might as well just♥♥♥♥♥♥in the palm of our hands. OverLord Was a Fresh new Title, with great humor, story and a unique and mememorable GamePlay. Being able to build a small army and take over the land was so Gosh Darn appealing and the Second one just built upon the first and made it EVEN Better.But this one, no, it throws out what was new, what was different and uses the worn out diablo style way of Playing, im pretty sure no one asked for that. The Graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ The multiplayer is a cluster ♥♥♥♥, The puzzles at the begining were to easy, had to get minion blocks and what the hell was with that damn race thing?I will be straight up honest i only played a little then quit cause i couldnt stomach the train wreck of a failure this game is, The only thing i liked was that joy thing that was deadly to minions but there wasnt a point to it cause i noticed such little ephasis to the minions.Overlord Has a Sick Theme and Builds on it in a great way by using minions and have them as your main fighting force charging in, strategizing your next attacks and collecting souls to build your army, and it made the death of minions to much heavier in the second when given names and can be revived for the price of more souls but guess what the drop rate of souls was drastically shorter than the first making it even the more greater having to make choices in your factions.Where was all that? Why is it the minions barely had any presense in combat?The greens do a puny little hit then left when they were a terror in the field, hiding them to get the flank on a dangerous situation.The Reds Became useless suicide bombers, i expected them to run around throwing fireballs, but no they just die, for no good reason to the point i didnt use them out of pity. I mean Reds were the archers who opened up the enemy for blows all the time.The other 2 were the onlys i used just having blues follow me and a crap ton of browns, the only useful minion, i litereally camped the spawner and produced the max ammount of browns which having them fight was the only joy i had i the game.I dont know what else to say but this game is a huge step backwards and a huge dissappointment, i bought this thing on preorder THE DAY I FOUND OUT,  and i get this. i never felt so disrespected, by my favorite series, if this was gonna happen just ♥♥♥♥ing do a remake instead of this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198066015318,Not Recommended,306670,18576685,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Phrostybones,"Im going to have to give this game a thumbs down. Laggy, choppy, and is this even optimized? I can run a good amount of graphic intensive games and this just lags even on low. I dont understand. Also I preordered this game and I didnt recieve anything for preordering. Thanks Codemastershttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpSpIvDUTuA"
,Not Recommended,306670,18703086,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Grimning,"3 of us wanted to give this game a try, and.. so.. disappointed!Dull combat.Difficult to see your character during combat.Co-op game connection bug.Unskippable cut scenes (bug?)Uninteresting minions.What's with the looting?Not rebindable keys!Lack of graphical options.Buggy sound.What's with the floating enemies and characters?..and more...Downright Gaming gives this a total ofThree Thumbs Down(out of 3 possible)...Full review and video here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gx-LPCw3GgI"
,Not Recommended,306670,18575591,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Katrik357,Very quick summary here...Game goes very quickly. Minions just about useless. Multiplayer not functioning. Prepurchase items not given. Controls clunky. Fun only for about 10 min. Save your 20 bucks.
,Not Recommended,306670,18580420,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Irinir,"This not the overlord you are looking for.I adore the Overlord series, I really do. Some of the funniest games ever. Obtuse controls especially the first, but so charming and funny you'll barrel through it.This one however... this one is something else.The gameplay emulates a arpg... and a very very bad one at that. Mechanics are uninspired and weak. But it's not even mechanicaly competent. It's buggy also. Like with amateur level bugs.The good writting is still there, but it's... less, like the writers realized what the game was and wrote it like the lesser of the 3 games.This not the overlord I was looking for either. One can hope codemasters actually tries for an actual overlord 3.Really disapointing."
76561197996784512,Not Recommended,306670,18972062,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,bez888,Highly disappointing. Total abuse of the Overlord name.
76561198069404681,Not Recommended,306670,18579957,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,phonelobster,"I'd have forgiven this game for not being a real overlord game and completely lacking the same minion control, minions looting nifty stuff, minions functioning remotely the same, or in every way, yeah, not being an overlord game.Well, no I wouldn't have. I buy an overlord game I kinda expect it to be SOME sort of overlord game. Not... this... travesty...But anyway, the forgive or not thing is pretty much not a problem because then it just turned out the whole game was bad trash ANYWAY."
,Not Recommended,306670,18577306,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Jarlalle Ouros | The 44th Axle,Freaking ♥♥♥♥er! I cant even save progress? If they dont fix this thin I'm gonna be more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥than I am right now! Overlord has been ruined! You must defeat the enire game in one sitting!
,Not Recommended,306670,18581948,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,TheLionheart,"The game will not save at all even on single player and it will not connect to my friends session. I quit the game and lost all my progress in it, please add a save button!I was looking forward to this game...really was as I am a fan of the series but this game is no worthy successor to the series in its current state"
,Not Recommended,306670,28572758,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Vulcan,nothing like overlord 1 and 2.Pure garbage1/10
76561198001484701,Not Recommended,306670,28001824,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Augustous,Nov. 28 20160/10The controls make this game unplayable on the PC. There is no way to customise the key's. The game only responds to my programable Saitek P2900 control pad intermitantly. The camera angle is fixed at 1 angle and can't be changed. There is no zooming in and out or rotating the camera. It is a poor nock off the prevoius OverLord games. It's a real stinker. Even on sale.
,Not Recommended,306670,19025726,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Chuckles☢,"With Overlord 1 in my top 10 favorite games I just about crapped my pants with excitment when I saw this game pop up out of noware. Unfrotunately I actually did crap my pants when I started playing it.They did't take a single good aspect from the first overlord games, The story, controlls, combat & minions have all been nerfed and dumbed down. Seriously, if you love Overlord, don't play this. You can oonly have I think it is 12 minions out and that assumes you can ever collect enough of them (which you cant).The controls are basic and bad, can't even scrollwheel select minions, a controller is definitely better for this than a Kb/MMost of the systems in the game are either broken or they just didn't care enough to finish them, like some enemies going into defensive mode and basically becoming invincible whilst still attacking.The only good thing I can say is that the graphics are not too shabby, although included in the list of broken stuff.It takes at least 2 playthroughs to get all power ups and probably more for minion powerups.PS - I recommend using a trainer to keep infinite minions or else they are basically useless aside from using blues to heal."
,Not Recommended,306670,18590057,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Prodarky,"If you loved the first 2 parts, stay FAR FAR FAAAAR away from this one.Minions in the game are just here so it can have the title ""Overlord"", nothing more."
,Not Recommended,306670,18586294,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Uthog,"Well my first revieuw of a game i though would be really nice. A coop game i could play with my friends and enjoy.Got the fourpack to give it to my friends played some but then it hit me. This is not an Overlord game at all.Yeah it has the skins and the sounds but not the feeling of an overlord game. The controls are weird, there is no real tutorial and the game is somewhat buggy.Good points:- coop gameBad points:- Controls are buggy- Minions are useless- Not a real overlord game- Seemed rushed- Bad tutorial/gameplayOverall my advice dont buy this game its not worth your money. Codemaster might change it up, might not but wait until more positive revieuws are comming."
,Not Recommended,306670,18605224,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MC HammerTime™,"ConsYou only really need the blue minions to heal you , the rest are useless even upgraded.Get yourself a weapon that deal extra damage ( like fire or lightning ) and you'll kill pretty much everything in 2 hitsSpeaking of the combat system , kind of clunky and it feels like a cheap copy from Gauntlet'sMost of the game , there's Golden , turning your minions into fluffy, so you are always alone, that's a complete 180 from the previous games where the minions had a greater impact on the gameplayThe boss battles are all identical and easyProThe humour's still thereIt really felt like playing a kid's version of Gauntlet"
76561198067906668,Not Recommended,306670,24577877,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,laige,"This game is not like the origonalsand gets alot of hate for that reason.  Fans wanted more overlord, but they got this.  The one up side to the game is it is multiplayer campaign, but then could we not have had a real overlord game with that?  The problem starts with the fact the Devs are not the same people as the other games.  I don't think they knew what they were doing, but a dev sould always play the previous games in a series before making the next chapter.They could have ported the expantion of overlord 2 to pc, and fans would have been happy.  They could have ported Overlord: Dark legends, and fans would have been happy.  They could have made a new expantion for one of the games, and fans would have been happy.  Instead we got this, and fans are not happy.I bought this at full price when it came out.  If you feel you need this game as it has the name overlord in the title then pls wait for a sale as I know you wont be happy after paying a nonsell price."
,Not Recommended,306670,18582347,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Potatioso,Instead of this buy Overlord 1 and 2 for a cheap price. They are way more fun to play.
76561198063623929,Not Recommended,306670,24335637,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,LordPyschoKing,"This was tragic. Overlord was a dutch video game franchise that ultimatly lived on in cult status. We haven't seen a true sequal in a long time. So when this game was annoucent; a lot of people became excited. A lot of people hoped that this game would breath new life into the legendary series, it didn't.Cons:Shortest campighn ever!It's easy as hell.The dark humor is rarly funny in samll doses.The game looks downright awfull.WHERE THE BLOODY HELL IS MY PRE-ORDER BONUS!Combat is dull.You barly have any controll over your minions.Too many plot holesPros:It's always nice to see the minions wear hats.Some of the humor is fun.Edits:Fixed the game country of origin."
,Not Recommended,306670,18588016,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Fassault,"I give a thump down for this game even tho' i'm fan of the series. But there is little bit of a problem with the freaking onlinegame system. I cant join my friends games and my friends cant join mine the game only keeps saying that ""Session no longer exist."" We even pre-ordered the game so we could play it together. I have been able to join one other players game completle randomly trough the online match makin. There is no working online game. Otherwise i love the game and the single player campaing. But its not the only reason why i baught this game."
,Not Recommended,306670,19223346,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,admiralbaka,"I am exceptionally disappointed in this game. Nothing like the other Overlord games. Only 3 attacks, minions are not helpful, and the loot disappears after a very very short time. The game itself is rather short, and I'm not waiting for more DLC to come available."
,Not Recommended,306670,18580797,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Lord_Farsight,"This game needs MASSIVE amounts of polishing to have even a slight chance.The minions are basically useless, they jump headfirst to their death, may it be by running into traps or the Golden, or by standing there while a big enemy prepares a power attack. They are also incredibly fragile, though the browns are 'somewhat' capable of surviving battle. The fact that the reds went from support fire role to living bomb role is a big letdown. The incredibly low amount of minions we can take with us, considering their frailty, is also a problem. I died in the second mission, because all my minions had been killed. and most of them were brown.I don't know if it's a dwarf-only problem, but the special attack is a pain to use, and the normal attack has too short a range, especially considering the character remains static(the amount of times one of my minions died because the enemy agroing him was JUST outside of my attack range).Add to it that I can't remap the buttons, and since I have an AZERTY keyboard, I'm pretty much screwed, yes?Also, clarifications are in order. The tutorial doesn't really explain anything, we're basically dropped into the game and have to figure everything out ourselves. It took me 5 minutes to understand I had to interact with the map in the portal room to teleport, it should have either been said by gnarl, or pointed out in some way. Then there's the problem of the keys floating above the enemy heads, what the hell are they supposed to mean? What am I supposed to do? yes, that 2 above the elf's head is very pretty, but WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO DAMMIT ?So yes, as it is, this game is not enjoyable, at least not in my opinion. It feels unfinished, and really needs lots of patching. I won't call for a refund, because I hope to see an Overlord 3, but I am deeply disappointed."
,Not Recommended,306670,18633445,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Zetra,The main problem I have with this game is that I can only run it on Low to maintain 60fps with 970 SLI while I can run recent titles like MGS5 and Mad Max at Ultra. Like what the hell it's not even graphically intensive.
,Not Recommended,306670,18576715,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Astral Ocean,"two hours into the game , i can't play online it keep saying ''unable to find suitable matchmaking''the controls are a bit buggy and the minions keep on dissapearing ."
76561198077355714,Not Recommended,306670,22300922,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Venomvine,"I am a real big fan of the overlord series. i love the games for many reasons ,sepecially there sense of humor in some of them. This game however doesn't have the same feal as the other games. I hope the next one (assuming there will be one) goes with the older style."
,Not Recommended,306670,34227140,Posted: 13 August,all,Holden Gold,"So is this game bad? or is it just different from the first two Overlord games?Well, its both, now, im not saying different is bad. But in this case it wasnt done properly. I see what they wanted to do, and i admire them for that. They changed alot of things that made the first two games enjoyable, now not just enjoyable but actually good. They changed alot about the minions which really, in my oppinion the minions made the games, and now there nothing and its so lack luster. they feel so useless. You dont have full control over them like you use to, and its so painfull to see that. Ive seen people complain about the Overlord you play as in this game, and that part actually didnt bother me as much as ive seen it bother other people.Now ive talked about how it differs from the original game, so does that mean that if you havent played the original will it even bother you?And the answer is yes! Which is a shame for me to say, i wish this game was better, and i hate to put a company down for trying something new and differnt. But the controls just feel really off, and slow, The combat seems sluggish and in my oppinion just bad. With out full control over the minions the combat feels even worse. The combat is just click click click, nothing very special to it. Because of this, it just feels very plain.I cant really talk any longer than this, simply because i havent played much. Just quit after playing maybe an hour and got frustrated with how it plays. This game had potential and i feel if done right it COULD  have been something good.But overall i will have to say this is a dont buy, like a 3/10."
76561198007623600,Not Recommended,306670,24800715,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,miqael,If you played the overlord 1 & 2 I'mg quessing you had a blast... with this game you wont... yeh there is some fun stuff on the mission blabber... but this game totaly sucks on the game play and on the whole game series. DONT BUY IT!!!!!
76561198006796791,Not Recommended,306670,18618837,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Moadeb,"So i wish to be clear, I LOVED the first two games, they were completely amazing, funny, fun, and even challenging at times.  This game however....its a complete disappointment.   The ""multiplayer"" concept is an interesting one, but it should in no way be as forced down our throats as it is in this one.  Unlike the first two there is no tower customization, the minions do not find armor and weapons and thus walk around hitting things with their fists, oh and the “control” you barely have over the minions is just frankly sad.  You are able to release them, then they pretty much do whatever they want, except the green and reds, which are one shot ponies.  The reds have become suicide bombers instead of being ranged attackers, and the greens disappear to do a pretty neat backstab move.  That being said, the green’s attack, if the target of their attack moves at all they miss and then stand there dancing, celebrating stabbing thin air in the back.  This of course brings me to the massive amount of unfortunate glitches that can be found throughout the game, from un killable enemies, to minions stuck in place, to random damage inflicted whilst standing still not in combat.  While these are all fixable, the main gameplay and control scheme is something which will probably not be able to be changed, leaving the game rather disappointing.  You find yourself thinking halfway through the second mission in the first act…..”huh well I’m bored now”  the plot and comedy completely fail to make up for this games major failings.  I wish to reiterate my main points here, at the end of my rant.  Glitches, no minion control, stupid hat customization for minions instead of being able to actually arm them with anything significant, no real customization of the overlord except picking out of 5 or so pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapons.   OH and no way to increase your squad cap, a distinctly pathetic limit to the amount of minions you can summon.  No evil or good points, no control vs destruction, just a confusing set of resources that by the third act no longer matter.  I hope beyond hope to come back to this game in a couple months to see some of these complaints rectified, and the death of hope is a terrible thing….."
,Not Recommended,306670,18885133,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Silent one,"An unfinished mobile game mascarading as a pc game.  This game removes core mechanics of the overlord series, reduces texture quality and model detail for all characters and terrain, which seems unfinished, while adding the bare bones of an RPG system, with no meat on those bones.In the levels, they are now linear, no metroidvania hidden unlocks as were present in previous overlord games.  Complete levels once and never look back.  Nothing more is to be had playing through a level again.  The enemies either appear out of thin air, or drop in from above, clip into each other as they land, and run straight toward you.  If multiplayer worked, then they would have multiple targets to choose from.  as the minions are thin papper that are easily torn apart, deal damage no larger than paper cuts, and die quickly.  Minions serve almost no purpose in this game.If you love the overlord series, play overlord 1 or overlord 2.  Stay away from this unfinished amature attempt of a game."
,Not Recommended,306670,18575709,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,BrandonFYIA,Nothing like old Overlord. Requesting refund.
76561198165631394,Not Recommended,306670,18689993,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,cdizon262,"This game is terrible. It is buggy, containing poor framerate that makes movement sluggish. This is the third game that I have playd that is poorly optimized. Do not buy this game even if it is on sale."
,Not Recommended,306670,18681626,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MangaValk [Exize],it sucks
,Not Recommended,306670,20568292,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Hob Took,"Gameplay lacks. The humor is there, the art makes me feel I'm in the Overlord universe but the gameplay isn't there for me. I recognize that the devs wanted to go a different route here, and perhaps me being a big fan of the previous Overlord games influences me. Core gameplay consists of your character hacking away at enemies while dodging obstacles. Looking at it, you'd think it's a Diablo-like game but without the powers or special abilities.If you're playing co-op, death has just about no penalty at all. In the other Overlord games, your health was very limited and combat and puzzles required you to utilize your minions. Minion control in this one is non-existant. If the minions were removed from the game, I think it would minimally impact gameplay; that's how little they add to the game. Except the humor. Need minons for humor."
76561198255200258,Not Recommended,306670,28627256,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,vanescula,"Played the game for a whole 15 minutes before I realized that the game was unplayable, luckely Steam has a great return policy.The controls and game style are nothing like Overlord I and II and the fact that killed enemies do not even seem to drop lifeforce is a real bummer.Overlord = The master orders the minions to kill sheepies, the sheepies drop shinies and the minions bring the shinies to the master.Seen nothing like that in this game."
76561198006287301,Not Recommended,306670,18929926,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Çlårï§†422,Again another company makes promises they don't keep. Bought this game for multiplayer so let down.
,Not Recommended,306670,18576122,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,bambamfreddy,This game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ Looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and crashes all the time. I have 43 minutes on it and that's all I needed to know that the devs just♥♥♥♥♥♥out a game to try and make a quick profit because of the Overlord name. Don't buy this game if you're an Overlord fan. I don't know what the f*ck the people that made this game were thinking. It is a horrible addition to the Overlord franchise and I am refunding it.
,Not Recommended,306670,18575434,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,"Thawixx, the master troll","I will refer to the south park episode about preordering... i didn't even get the preorder bonus. ""you know what you get for preordering kyle .... you get a **** in your mouth, for buying something, some guy in some office somewhere hasnt even started workin on.""i completed the tutorial and it didnt even save, i could quit to menu, but there wasnt even a continue option, only NEW GAME..."
,Not Recommended,306670,18677861,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dr Gencha MD,The new minion mechanic is disappointing and I've already been locked into areas multiple times due to level trigger bugs. I even got locked in at the very start of the game because the initial portal disappeard.
,Not Recommended,306670,18668550,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Alfons Ogdein,"This game is really buggy still. Like the characters ragdoll horribly. They just go flying across the screen for no reason. Several times the game bugged and I could no longer cause damage to an enemy and it took ten minutes before the game fixed itself and let him die, standing up and T posing still.I really wanted to like this game because I enjoyed the other Overlord games but with the way this game is currently, I really can't recommend this for anyone until these bugs are fixed,"
76561198001553920,Not Recommended,306670,18697270,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,maffbowers,"Not what I expected, a weak offering and not a suitable continuation of the Overlord franchise at all. Avoid"
76561197970616849,Not Recommended,306670,18684355,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Leviathan,"Don't make the same mistake I did and buy this game thinking it was a new Overlord/Overlord II.It's not even close.  Minion control is awful, controls are awful and uncustomisable, gameplay is poor and repetitive.I feel cheated, but can only blame myself for enjoying the originals and not reading the reviews.Don't buy this game... ever... for any amount!"
76561198058162582,Not Recommended,306670,18717797,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Dr. Queenston,"I would like to 'like' it as such, but it just isn't what the Overlord games were..."
76561198040186589,Not Recommended,306670,25995946,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Farron,"Nothing I can really add that has not already been said before a couple hundred times. And I'm quite positive I wouldn't be able to repeat whats already been said in an interesting or funny manner, so I'll just stick with my biggest glaring issue I have with this game..........WITCH BOY GOT KILLED BY A ♥♥♥♥ING UNICORN!?  --> THAT <-- WAS WHAT YOUR STORY WRITERS CAME UP WITH!?WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ GREENLIT THIS IN THEIR OFFICE.Anger spam aside, Witch Boy, the son of the first Overlord we play as, the baddass tactician, the slightly mutated barbarian, the Empire crusher, the Overlord whose theme song is literally ""I'm Blue"" on repeat, and the Overlord WITH THE GIANT ♥♥♥♥ING LAVA BASE.The dude that they literally could have made 2 - 3 more games with, got killed by a ♥♥♥♥ing unicorn.That is like if Marvel decided it would be canon that Deadpool got curbstomped by the power of friendship - for no reason - and ♥♥♥♥ing Thanos was really the father. Totally out of left field."
,Not Recommended,306670,18728365,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,EZ PZ LMN SQZ (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ,I have never been this disappointed. I want my money back. : CPlease read other reviews before considering purchase.
,Not Recommended,306670,18620208,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Grim,"I have never been so sad about a game in my life, they had a winning equation for there games but they decided to mess it up instead. Now the game is nothing but 1 button spam and occasionally spawning 1 minion to heal you."
,Not Recommended,306670,18923210,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,YouTube.com/Vindictator1972,"This game, Man this game, I wanted it to be good, I really did, The Idea of 4 Netherghūl was interesting to me.But the thats about it, the Minion controlling is Suckey at best, It doesn't play like an OverLord game should, I mean, you get thrown into a small but, get given all 4 minion types at the start, theres no wonderment from it. The Wacky humor isn't there because the minions constantly shout for Sheepsies, of which there are none.Christ lets not forget about this Micro-Aggression of a♥♥♥♥♥♥stain: ""I'm sorry ricket, I was totally minionsplaining there."" - Gnarl 2015This game is Worse than OverLord 2 NOT having the Battle arena DLC on steam.And that Missing DLC was BIG for a few people.Rating: 4/10-----Vindictator1972"
76561197993532931,Not Recommended,306670,18647876,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,dhaussler,"This game is AWFUL, do not buy it."
76561198076539121,Not Recommended,306670,18663633,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,tompaulk,"Despite the overwhelmingly negative reviews, I had to try this game because of my love for the previous games in this series.  In my opinion the developers of this game threw out what made the Overlord gameplay fun and unique- controlling the minions.  So far the look an play of this game are no different that any other dungeon game and this is a cheap immitation aimed at fleecing more money out of the Overlord fans."
76561198012183593,Not Recommended,306670,18673724,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ianw1239,this isnt overlord 3 it is a spin off game based around the overlord franchise and the game really is just simplistic and dull the game had potential but just didnt meet expectation combat gets repetative and lack of minion control makes them almost unused as they will just run off doing their own thing as soon as you spawn them in
,Not Recommended,306670,18673892,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Froberg ٩(●̮̮̃•̃)۶,"They ruined it.After Dungeon Keeper this was the closest thing to a continuation I could find. It had a dungeon heart, minions and a ""leader"". It was glorious.I bought this, luckily with a discount, hoping they'd rehashed the old games.They had not.They have managed to completely ruin the series. If you feel like tanking around repetitive areas in a diabloesque fashion, unable to target enemies and just button mashing.. well... this is the game for you.I am sorely disappointed."
76561198052133343,Not Recommended,306670,18695944,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Steven,"Cannot change the keys, not nearly as fun as Overlord or Overlord 2"
76561198007025569,Not Recommended,306670,18688984,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Funny,"First of all are those Minions or Gremlins jeez Game Designers make up you're Mind.What is this 4 Players why not 8 Jeez what where they thinking, this Game is a bunch in poopy♥♥♥♥♥dicks covered in Tabasco sauce. What is this....... Overlord? i wan't true Evil in my Game. And no mouth animations at Minions? where should the♥♥♥♥♥♥s go. Jeez you summon a Minion to summon him back? isn't that♥♥♥♥♥backwards? What's with the Elves Game Designers Jeez go with it, this game is a pile of poopy♥♥♥♥♥shit covered in♥♥♥♥♥♥♥In this Game you playing as an a double Interracial Gang Bang Couple with your Friends, but they should be busy getting the positions right. Sometimes you get you're Friends killed just like them....♥♥♥♥♥ *grpThis game have nothing to do with Evil exept that it SUCKS. What a bunch of poopy♥♥♥♥♥♥farts covered in♥♥♥♥♥♥Donuts being poured over some fat girls ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. I never experienced such Assetery in my Life, well except as i took a long Diarrhea Jump when eat Sheep in Aspic. This is the dumbest game mechanic ever you have to Summon minions to get them through a wall an but they can't even cross the wall Jeez what where they thinking. This Game is a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s dipped in Vomit from a Sheepy's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. And when you get you're Minions back they don't do anything... ♥♥♥♥♥ *grpAnd then you get to the first Boss, he's a fluffy♥♥♥♥♥Minion with a Sword! Who get's hit by a Sword apparently the Minions...♥♥♥♥♥es.. *grpDamn this Game sucks so much who designed it? SATAN?! It reminds  me of a pile of Diarrhea dickfarts covered in cheesey Vomit with a shine of Orang Utan poop i never played such a Bad Game in my Life, or wait maybe i have it's called Overlord: Fellowship of Evil 2. How are so many Minions get Born they have just one Chick what the heck Game Designer's get it together! You gonna Barf! Just like this Game makes me Barf out Diarrhea♥♥♥♥♥♥s...I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a Cactus out of my♥♥♥♥♥♥and farted in a Minion's face and the Minion liked it better than this Game!Glad i escaped dat Game! Oh wait there is more? OH NO!!Than you have to get Dragon Eggs for the Gurl Minion and have to avoid firepit traps jeez what do they eat? TACO BELL?And then you get to meet two Ogers oh wait and Elves come on Game Designers make up you're Mind!The only thing this Game reminds me of is a massive♥♥♥♥♥♥i took earlier. Iv'e never been happier playing a Game, except every other Game i played before. If the Blue Minions die you die what is this a Marriage ? I ate Chillie today just i can took a♥♥♥♥♥♥that is better than this Game. I dug up a Grave because i heard you takeing a♥♥♥♥♥♥bevor you die and it's probably better than this Game! If you have App's it makes you're poop better which means you poop out a better Game than this. What a piece of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, you play the Game and die and get a GAME OVER. WHAT did i just bring the Game back ? Come on let me try again !  BYEEEEEE"
76561198103354639,Not Recommended,306670,21925250,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,VladimirEternal<Crossout F YE>,Dear reader welcome !  Now to the review part at hand.Why did you get this game ? For great minion controls ? Or maybe for great destructible enviroment ?  or the jolly VERY EVIL OVERLORD ? OR maybe colourfull and nice slider type story? OR maybe that UNIQUE feeling when you pointing your finger and army of uglies rushes in?Or all above?Well sorry bro all you gona get for your pre order of this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥is some shity hats for browns mediocore clone of diablo and so pew pew gay 2 types of atacksSo do me and yourself favor DONT BUY IT!
76561198105253334,Not Recommended,306670,18588839,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,u.need,"controls are intended for consoles, not very convenient on a pc.graphics could be better as well"
76561197994821381,Not Recommended,306670,18662802,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Yeti McLeti,"If you enjoyed any of the other Overlord games, don't get this one.  Fellowship of Evil is a top down hack and slash, similar to Diablo, but even that in manages to muck up.  You start with being able to only summon two of each minion; the reds and greens die after a single attack and the blues are only good for healing.  You can only get more minions from special spots that drop minion energy when you hit it.  All of this is pretty encumbersome on it's own, but it's only made worse by the clunky key strokes.  When in the middle of a fast paced hack and slash, trying to hit shift+3 to summon a minion is pretty difficult.I loved Overlord 1 & 2 because it was a less cutesy version of Pikmin and only game of that style you could get on the PC.  I love playing Diablo and played each of it's titles.  This is the worse of both of those worlds."
,Not Recommended,306670,18664154,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Vassago,"This about the worst game you've played in your life, close your eyes, and keep that thought.  Now open your eyes, pretend you buy this game, think about playing it for 10 minutes, and now replace that old thought with your new one.  Yes, it is THAT bad ..."
,Not Recommended,306670,18646974,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Portugoose,Nah m8!
,Not Recommended,306670,18627257,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,silverfox0786,"Having played both previous overlords and the DLC, and knowing what to expect from this game being a birds eye view style multiplayer/offline game. I was horriby dissapointed with this game. The play mechanics was completely reworked and it just felt odd and harder to play. you dont control your minions per say anymore they just go and do their thing and you cant park them so they will go towards their deaths all by them selves and really wind you up. your basically the main player and must do all the fighting with yoiur minions now having a very side role in the game.  The dark theme to the game is awefull as its hard to see where the routes are and you easily get lost or dont realise there is actually a path you can go down, and there are many dead useless ends.  I genuinly tried yo give this game a chance beinga fan boy but its rubbish and better to save your money and play DOTA2 for FREE as its the same and more enjoyable. Sorry Codemasters but your got this one really really wrong and this game will lead to your bankrupsy. Im happy to buy you company for $1 and make Overlord 3 the way its meant to be."
,Not Recommended,306670,18584599,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Forever,"Bought it for the co-op, whenever I invite my friend to join it says the game session doesn't exist. In this current state it's pointless to get the game."
,Not Recommended,306670,18578549,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Tzar,Horrible. Overlord is dead. Requesting refund
,Not Recommended,306670,21826176,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Hailtaxi,"Completely awful game, no redeeming qualities, might have worked on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console but GPCMR should not have to accept this kind of crap.  The developer needs to go out of business before he makes something worse."
76561198052243162,Not Recommended,306670,22199358,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Soviet,A good franchise turned into bainrot MMO.
,Not Recommended,306670,18590334,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,⟁,"I got this in the hopes that it'd spur codemaster's interest in the IP, but I really don't like the direction it's going. I've yearned for years to hop back into the world of Overlord, but this doesn't really do it justice, I'm sad to say.If you're looking for a timewaster with the same sense of humor, you could do a lot worse, but as far as games go you could do a lot better."
,Not Recommended,306670,18881092,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,fearthepenguin,"I wanted to love this game.  I really, really did.  But the controls are awful, they somehow managed to remove everything that made overlord fun, the minions aren't even particularly useful.  This one will languish in my library as a permant reminder to read the reviews and NEVER pre-order."
76561198095513427,Not Recommended,306670,18772914,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,monteredento,Disappointment.
76561198059130652,Not Recommended,306670,33590163,Posted: 16 July,all,Spacegod007,"Not what I expected of the overlord francise.I thought I bought a game where you'd play like the old overlord games but with multiplayer.Instead, i get this top down game where I littirally don't have a single clue what I'm actually doing.I thought you'd be able to at least controll minions like in the old games but for as far as i've seen, even that was overestemated expectations.I highly recommend people NOT to buy this game if you like the old overlord games."
,Not Recommended,306670,19368539,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Aux,"As a fan of the Overlord series up until this point, I have only one reaction: :("
76561197985543559,Not Recommended,306670,29719112,Posted: 5 February,all,Whiteicefire,"Ok so i started up the game, funny intro then got to actually playing..... okay so whats meant to look like the shift key looks like an arrow key thats not confusing.... anyways carry on see if it gets better....... okay the special attack just does not work  and then the game crashed and shut down steam ........ so yeah refund requested :/"
76561198047938369,Not Recommended,306670,28875673,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Geist626,"thats not overlord, thats a bad style for overlord. if you love the real overlord. dont buy or play it."
76561198038210948,Not Recommended,306670,18581708,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Stormu,"I waited for a month for this game, and even though I saw all the negative comments saying it was terrible I still gave it a go... But after a while I figured it was just a joke game. The dialouge of the game is absolutely ridiculous, it's like it was aimed for kids under the age of 14 and the only story line I got out of it was ""Everything is to cute and fuzzy, kill everyone so it isn't.""... AND THEN they screwed up with the battle gameplay, I get to use 3 attacks and minions that last one second, reds just blowing up, greens disapearing, blues only heal and browns are the only ones that actually do something. If the minions don't die by fighting, they die by the golden almost isntantly since I can't control them."
76561198036314188,Not Recommended,306670,18818941,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Doels,"Wow, horrible. NOTHING like the old games. I'm asking for a refund."
,Not Recommended,306670,18618362,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,BONESAW,"Just started the second act. The game is fun, but it all relies on the main character the minions basically do nothing."
76561198065855763,Not Recommended,306670,18588662,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,The Black Baron,"too simple , choppy framerate , it's missing the genious Overloard humour from previous titels.Overall it feels like playing a rushed free to play game.Even though i love previous Overlord titels , I can't reccomend it.At least i can get a refund."
,Not Recommended,306670,18894516,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Edfrapine,"Don't. Just don't. Buy the other three Overlord games. They are better, despite their age and poor controls.This game attempts many things, none of which are done well. It tries to ba a hack'n'slash, but doesn't have anything other then mindless single button mashing. Each character has one skill. ONE. Not many. ONE. The progression is entirely linear with zero diversity that even the ♥♥♥♥♥est of hack'n'slashes have. The minions are♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to the games this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥is based off. The browns do their jobs with suicidal abbadon, but you don't make them do it that way. In its predessors you sent them to their deaths. When they died, it was your fault. In this shithouse of a game, they will just rush straight to their deaths. The greens sort of do the backstab thing they did in the better Overlord games, but they were usually an ambush squad you set up and lead enemies into. In this shitbrick of a game, they back stab once and LEAVE. Yes, they just ♥♥♥♥ off after attacking one enemy. You have to unlock the ability to make them attack more then once. Not a joke, unlike this game. The blues heal, like they did in the better Overlord games. Well, they heal you. Not the other minons. Unlike how they did in the better games. They also don't attack, and die in one hit. Then there is the reds. God damnit all to Hell. The reds are now Jahidists. They just blow themselves up. They don't hurl fireballs and back up your other minions from a distance. They carry a bomb and kill themselves. It is completely pointless.Then there is the glitches. ♥♥♥♥ a duck. Infernas' body shifts upward about 1/10 of her height and drops down every two steps. The rag doll is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I haven't seen it this bad since the PS2. Hit detection is questionable far more than it should be causing minions have a hard time destroying objects right in front of them. Speaking of minions and objects, the AI seems to care more about breaking♥♥♥♥♥♥then it does not entering the Golden and turning.tl;drGame is a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ DO. NOT. BUY.I'm not refunding it soley because I deserve to be punished for wasting my money on it, and owning this game is the perfect punishment. You could torture people by forcing them to play this."
76561198041566122,Not Recommended,306670,18600908,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,smupid,"This game has nothing to do with previous Overlords. All that I liked on Overlord I and polished on Overlord II disappeared. Working with minions, humor, very kind environment ... everything gone! Honestly, this piece of crap is not worthy the money they ask for."
76561198038013534,Not Recommended,306670,18580566,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Plotmaster,"Do not spend money on this useless piece or garbage its the oppostie of its previous 2 games how great they were the worse is this one-no saving-3 attack types-minions useless OFC-no ""upgrades""...."
,Not Recommended,306670,18588628,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,PresenceOfMind,"Start game. Loading screen with ""Unity Engine"" logo. ALT + F4. back to play side quests in Witcher 3.Refund requested in less than 10 mins gameplay."
76561198020649358,Not Recommended,306670,18580029,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Creatoan,first 10 minutes was fun and then it goes unplayable+ its not overlords atmosphere+ its not overlord
,Not Recommended,306670,18605793,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MisterJaye,It isn't an Overlord game. If anything it's Diablo with an Overlord skin. A heavily simplified Diablo.
76561198075605906,Not Recommended,306670,18606617,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,a glitch,"The preovious Overlord games Were not just a bit better. They were loads better. Even the prequal made on the wii was loads better. I am grips with myself on wheather I will return the game or not because i want them to make a ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic came deserving of being a continuation of the franchise. I understood there was no Overloard. I understood it would be a different style of play. The story is there, so is the characters, and art/graphics. What isn't there is soley the Gameplay itself. I have a little over an hour played so far. I am waiting on my friends opinion before i make my final diciscion. What was expected and explained to be had in this game was severly lacking. They made it seem like you could still control minions, YOU ♥♥♥♥ING CANT. They did say you weren't an overlord so having less minions out I understand. Removing that reds can do ranged attacks, ♥♥♥♥ING WHY REMOVE WHAT DEFINED THEM. I am fine with the scuicide mechanic being added, but not ok with it being the only thing you can do with them. Having to slash away at an enemy for ♥♥♥♥ING MINUTES (WITH THE HEAVY ATTACK MIND YOU) to kill them is a ♥♥♥♥ in my face. Trolls took 13 minutes to kill... that is just a no. I see you can get better weopons/ make better weopons. I see uprading minions. For some reason i don't see either of them improving the game though. I understood this game was going to be different, i expected there to be some stuff i wouldn't like due to it. I did not expect shity gameplay. That is purely what this game is to me right now. The ♥♥♥♥ is covering the few good things i mentioned it had. Don't buy it at full price. Don't buy it at half price. Buy it at♥♥♥♥♥♥price. I have now decided to get a refund."
76561197990549298,Not Recommended,306670,20331186,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Dragonrock,"It's like the Overlord build team's less talented teenaged cousins got ahold of the Overlord skins and imported them into a cheap Diablo (the original Diablo, not 2 or 3) mod then got bored with the whole thing and posted it without finishing it. All the tasteless humor and loveable moronity of the minions is gone leaving a shadow much like how a dying sitcom will do a ""remember this"" episode in the hopes of reviving viewership by invoking nostalgia.As far as I can tell the minions do little real help in combat as all the battles go the same way regardless of which minion types are summoned. Your character is now the primary damage-dealer which kind of defeats the purpose of having minions to go do your dying for you.This game is more insulting than anything else as it relies on the excitement of Overlord fans to generate enough momentum in the hopes that it will make a profit. Perhaps they'll try again and give us something fun before this installment kills the series."
76561198047774277,Not Recommended,306670,19830900,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Vieral,"there are plenty of reviews that speak my thoughts in this list. I suggest ""[luCK]Flare #Ded"" for an objective, comprehensive review because my temper would cause me to rnt on and on over my personal slights from this... 'game'."
76561198063624929,Not Recommended,306670,20055857,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Frost E. Bear,Unplayable!Uploaded it and all I see is pink! There's not even a graphics setting in the options menu. I can't play a game I can't see!
76561198103323532,Not Recommended,306670,20221306,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,_.map(),Not the usual Overlord experience. to complicated to play
76561198161574225,Not Recommended,306670,18587421,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Abigor,"Nothing like it should have been. It destroyed a dream and hope.I only hope now refund from it, and that no one else destroys a great game name like this ever again."
76561198051423700,Not Recommended,306670,18593535,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Landvaetteir,Nothing like the other games. As a fan of the series I willingly pre-ordered this game in hopes of another great title for this franchise. I was however disappointed in the release of this game and within the first 50 minutes I asked for a refund. I'm sad to say but I do not reccomend this game for a purchase.
76561197970479197,Not Recommended,306670,18593240,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,dfaugust2k,"what crap! Not at all what I expected, as I already own ALL the others. Altogetrher a different game -and a lousey one at that , and hey, it cost more pre-released !! that ought to be a clue."
,Not Recommended,306670,18593792,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Scarm,"A little sad, I loved Overlord and Overlord 2 but this has none of the aspects that I enjoyed from the previous titles. Between a lack of precise control over your minions and the giant areas of minion killing/converting effects I found myself never using them in combat, reserving them for the desperate scramble for resources that scatter across the map after a fight. The game feels formulaic very fast, walk here to there, then gates close (sometimes killing minions or stopping some from following) and you fight, then you scurry for resources. In addition, there's some AI and physics oddities that make me think this wasn't very thoroughly playtested.I'll probably slog through the rest of this in the hopes that Rhianna Pratchett's writing will pull this out of the muck. If it weren't for her name attached though, I most likely wouldn't even bother."
,Not Recommended,306670,25847713,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Odysseuss,This game is complete garbage. They never even bothered to update it either. A nice extra  punch in the gut. Thanks guys! You ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
76561198061772191,Not Recommended,306670,34961688,Posted: 14 September,all,Darryl,"Looks terrible, plays worse."
76561197996609012,Not Recommended,306670,18598640,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Calswei♔,"If you have £13 buy Overlord: Raising Hell and Overlord 2. They are amaizng games which i personnally spent hours playing.Fellowship of Evil however is nothing but a pretender, it may have to look, but it hasn't got the soul!All the clever humor of the old games is now been replaced with stupid in jokes. When a dev puts a mask of themselves in the game, I know that the franchise is truly lost...Combat? WHat a joke!Whereas in the old games mnost of the fighting was done by your minions and you had to actually think tacticlly on how to deal with each enemy, now you just spam out minions as more of cannon fodder rather then fighters, and more of the fighting is left to you.The true EVIL fun you can have in this game is found in tricking friends to buy this rubbish just so you don't have to suffer through it alone.Pros-Still looks like overlord-messing with friends by using fire traps is fun once (and only once)cons-besides the look, it is not a overlord game at all-combat is just a spam fest-writing is rubbish-pretty much everything elseIf you are new to the overlord franchise, please just go buy Overlord: Raising hell, don't let this mess be your first experiance with the overlord franchise"
76561198023144502,Not Recommended,306670,18601609,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,kaasfonduepan,This game is nothing like the Overlord we know it. This is CRAP!
76561198116866397,Recommended,306670,34671552,Posted: 1 September,all,edmek55555,"Most of the negative reviews are people who expected an overlord 3.This game is not overlord 3. It is a hack and slash level based game and for what it is it is really fun though a bit short. You still have minions and get to control them to do your bidding but it is more hands off than the main series. If you enjoy a good hack and slash then this is for you. If not, then look elsewhere"
76561198073255709,Recommended,306670,34268184,Posted: 15 August,all,fuzzfuzzlong,"pretty good game, took away from minon contol but still great to its core, not sure why evryones B******* about it, its jest a fill in beteween overlord 2 and soon to be overlord 3, hell it beats in being a spinoff like a lot of other games are doing and i wished the blues were this useful like in the first 2 overlords"
,Not Recommended,306670,18952948,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,the1creed  <|GGS|>,my grandma died last year and that was better then playing this game. it was goot untill the end. i beat it and i didn't even know it. i kept walking around at the base thinking i was gonna have a unicorn pop out at me. was there a cutt sean i missed. i played it on online mode and well no one loves me. i do not think you can be loved and play this game. it is funny. but the game play makes you want to stomp on your own brain. 10 out of 10
76561197992970282,Not Recommended,306670,18718403,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Denny Crane,"This is not based on comparing it to the first two of the installment, but just on the Trials of Evil itself. Horribly designed. This video game suffers from the same issues as Lucius 2. Do not buy this video game. The one positive aspect of this video game, it takes on the emos and sissy nerds of today. Denny Crane."
76561198095378624,Not Recommended,306670,33963668,Posted: 1 August,all,joshuaaz,the key boared controls a broken.
76561197973058139,Not Recommended,306670,31327080,Posted: 23 April,all,Uumeran,"This is easily the worst game I've ever sunk 6 hours on.I got this game essentially for free in a bundle with Overlord 1 and 2, and I still feel like I overpaid."
76561197989212961,Recommended,306670,18581120,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[WwG] Gigeran,"This is a light snack in anticipation for overlord 3 imho, entertaining enough, fun story,almost akin to wh40k kill team is in regards to wh40k dawn of war yet a big bigger.If you are looking for a light snack and to follow the story line of overlord further this one is entertaining. If looking for the next overlord game, this is not the one.One of the things that hit me is that the minion order for commands is not like the overlord games where 1 is brown, etc. here 3 is brown. Next to this it feels.. buggy and cheap.. (they used the models it looks from overlord 2 directly) my advice get it on a sale if you want a light snack and fan of overlord, else avoid.Second part the combat feels, disconnected and disjointed with no real effect or impact on the enemy, stuff hits while being too far away or not, just keep hammering either light or heavy attack related to type of enemy and enemies will eventually fall down suddenly. The combat does seem to feel better using a controller instead of the mouse and keyboard.Third thing, controls can be unresponsive while an animation is still going, one can not move nor dodge, which can get you killed fast even tho you stopped fighting a while ago or hitting something.Fourth, easy to get stuck behind miniature parts of terrain and hence getting hit by and enemy or trap especially on the parcour parts this can be bad.Story wise it is nice, humor is ok."
,Recommended,306670,19856314,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,The Emperor,"Despite the reviews,I mostly like the game,and it's as well contributing to the further story of Overlord,I finished the game and I was suprised at the detail that has been added,despite my computer being laggy,either way the Overlord series is still the same,I just prefer the ""normal"" version of it,not this,though I do recommend the game,as well as this may be a ""cry for help"",if the game does badly,they most likely won't make another one,seeing the reviews on this one,they'll think fans are tired of the Overlord series as well.I realize this need a solution1. The original 1 player is great. and will run good on games.2. Different minion types, that's how you can explore different possibilities without ruining the game!3. Don't make crazy spin-offs, such as Minions.4. Try to mix up your stories and embed it into the game more, such as the old Overlord from the first game is stuck, you can have him come back with a skeleton army and force his wrath upon the minions with the skeletons, and have the new Overlord face eachother perhaps? It seems quality if improved.5. Regarding the 4th, don't make it lazy, and don't make it obvious. People like suprises!6. Just a little thing of mine, I liked the first game where your armor changed due to your alignment of good or bad.7. It will raise your fan moral and ability to continue the game, and gain more fans that are proud.8. I understand money goes into the situation, but surely you could raise a kickstarter of sorts, but, that's on you."
,Recommended,306670,18586793,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jonezy,"This is quite a nice party game. There are some minor issues that need to be worked out like picky controls. But hey, after a little bit of playing I haven't found any major issues."
76561198125685301,Recommended,306670,18581342,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Pyro Fox,very fun if u like humor and dont mind some weird stuff on occation
,Recommended,306670,18706281,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Nashlake,"While this wasn't the Overlord game I hoped for, the humor I expected was there. The story wasn't bad, but not something to write home about. Most of the enemies will die easily but the champions will sometimes be seemingly invulnerable for minutes with 10 minions attacking him.While not initially what I wanted I enjoyed the game and will probably try to get my friends to play this with me at the next LAN party.6.5/10"
76561198015007901,Recommended,306670,20300977,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Fox,"Alright.  Taking suggestions from someone who commented on my former review, I reinstalled the game and tried to play again.  I had some negative stuff to say before.  First, this is not like our old Overlord games, and if you can get past that, it's alright.  Honestly, I'm still confused by a bit of the gameplay.  I don't know what rules it goes by.  I still have no idea how summoning works.  I still have no idea if I'm even able to summon X of one type minion and X of another type and leave the other two colors alone...  There are times I summon reds, and they immediately explode.  I miss the old days when they cast balls of fire.  I miss the old system of telling some minions to stand ""right over there"" and keep out of the way, casting fireballs while I lured an enemy close enough to be damaged, but my minions were safe.That being said, I DO like the combat.  I like how we're given an option between 4 different characters, each with a differnet elemental bent and way of attacking.  I've been using Malady, and I like being able to attack at a distance.  Unlike the other games where combat was mostly about moving minions with a control stick (which I do still wish we could have the Option of doing) while you could only fight using a light or heavy attack, here You are more involved in combat.  I like that.  I like being able to charge an attack and hitting a line of enemies with MY power, blowing them all up.  I like that we have a special attack now that can do some major damage.  It is a bit more simple, but as an Overlord, I prefer to do most of the work myself, rather than looking intimidating while my minions do all the fighting.Now, my big hangup is how the game can be unclear on what to do at times.  My first major issue was in the tutorial where it introduced the red minions.  The game was telling me to summon minions.  So, I kept summoning minions.  The Golden kept closing in on me, killing me and making my minions little rabbit things that attacked me along with all the other enemies.  And Gnarl kept telling me to summon minions...and I did...and they kept turning immediately and atacking me...and I kept dying...  So, I finally gave up thinking that my red minions would burn down The Golden with their fire powers, and I began to FIGHT.  After killing all the enemies, the gate to the next area opened, and I survived the tutorial.  If a game means ""kill all the enemies,"" it should say so, rather than telling me to keep summoning useless minions.This game IS a little disappointing.  But at least the control for the main character is good.  At this point, I feel like the minions are just for show, and not for effect.  Maybe they wanted to make a new Overlord game and scrap the minions, but knew they couldn't do it, so they gave us a game where they were mostly useless.  The humor is still here, the atmosphere is still here, the standard premise of doing evil and upgrading yourself is still here.  If you expect old Overlord, play that instead.  This is different.  If you can get past all the negative reviews, and the oddity of even the positive reviews saying a lot of negative stuff, you'll find a decent game."
,Recommended,306670,25829498,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DarknessNightshade,"The low minion count when starting out makes it almost impossible to defeat the first actual boss without making several trips to the throne room for upgrades, the 'prologue' took me 2.5 hours to get through, the tutorial was shoddy as the 'shining' would normally kill you before you had enough time to kill whatever was stopping the final gate from opening.The main theme of the previous overlord games such as controlling your minions and grouping them is now gone, you've got either spamming all of your 8 minions at the enemy, or using the 'move' command.It's definitely a bargain on sale, would reccomend to fellow diablo players that are looking for a change of pace."
,Not Recommended,306670,28975568,Posted: 3 January,all,Illuminatior,"I f******* hate iso-perspective. The game would a 100 times better, if you could play in 3rd person like the old parts.The only good thing: I love the Coop.Mode :D"
76561198118436665,Recommended,306670,18857136,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,senyara,"Hello! Here's my review for Overlord:FOE: But first;(Because so many people seem to be giving it a harsh time, I think a little defence is in order. I'm not sayimg it's better, I'm just saying it's not worth this much hate. Like minions DS, it IS a side-game. Give it a chance.)Though it is not the same style of Gameplay that we all know and love, I suggest you stick with it to the end; once you get over the fact that it is very different (and not all for the better, I admit), once you've gotten over the changes it proves to be a surprisingly good play.THIS IS A SIDE GAME, PEOPLE! I'm sure Codemasters won't be making the Overlord games to all be like this. Have a little faith in your old Overlord! :)Codemasters told everyone that this was NOT part of the main Overlord series, simply an exploration into a more multiplayer- themed ""spin-off"". Now that fans have made it crystal-clear that prefer the original, I hope that the backlash for this game does not  deter Codemasters from creating their next Overlord Experience; As they have hinted on continuing the series. I do love this series......So....Please forgive this game its differences and give it another chance; It's well worth it. And if you still don't like it, then consider the purchase a donation for the development of the next overlord game.Now. On to a more personal review.There were some things about this game that I personally enjoyed.The story was fun, and I liked the multiple choice in characters (I was the ice prince Cryos of course <3 ); Though I did wish I could have customised them a bit. different armour, perhaps?... Don't mind that, a mere fancy of mine...The gameplay was good in its own way; it was a bit of a shock at how different this game was, but it is to be expected as a Spin-off. Ater I got used to the changes, I actually found it quite enjoyable- I was certainly eager for more once I'd finished it. (ok, 18 hours done... wait, finished already? Aw man! I was just getting into that!) So many unanswered  questions, so many mysterys... What are they up to, I wonder?...I for one am hoping for a bit more on the Netherghuls (in a part 2 spin-off, not overlord 3, keep calm), as I have become quite fond of my little Cryos, and am cheering him on for that Overlord title and throne! :DI am sad for old Overlad though; his bloodline as the overlord ended so young. I wonder if he did have an heir? ...probably not, though, or they wouldn't have needed the ghuls... (I hope I'm not spoiling anything)The control of the minions is not to my favour. The movement to direct the minions in a certain direction seems to do almost nothing, and I was dissapointed that I could not control them as I used to, but I suppose the Netherghul is only a ""Candidate"" for the Overlord title, so that may explain the minions lack of obedience.  I did notice a few bugs, but as others have already mentioned these I won't repeat them.I'm looking forward to the next overlord game, and will be happily playing through the vious Overlord games - again - while I wait. Now that I really can wait for a new release! Thank you Codemasters, for bringing back the black! er, I mean, the Overlord!Thanks for reading, and please don't say anything mean. We're all people here. And they're working on the Overlord games again! Yay!!! (Cheering)"
76561198000469382,Recommended,306670,18634377,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Acewolf,"I have to say, I was disappointed by this game.  Not that it was a bad game on its own, but I expect a certain kind of game with the Overlord series, and this is not that game.For those familiar with the series, this is much more overlord focused than the previous titles, which were more minion focused.  Most of the combat will be done by you, with the occasional spamming of the ""spawn all"" minions button to throw explosive reds and assassin greens at the enemy.  The only minions that stick around, at least in the beginning, are browns and blues.  Blues are worthless except that they heal you, but until they are upgraded, you have to stand still for them to do it.The story here is a bit weaker than the past series, and while the story was never a huge portion of the games in the past, it is even worse here.I can recommend this as a game, since it is relatively complete, though from what I have played, seems a bit short, and plays well.  But if you are looking for a game like the past Overlord titles, look elsewhere."
76561198067150934,Recommended,306670,18586783,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Evernight,"I'd advise people to scroll through the negative reviews and see for themselves how few are actually about this game-you'll find most are complaints about this game not being Overlord 3 despite it being made known that this is a spin off.That aside, it is fun, it keeps with the spirit of the previous Overlord games despite having a different gameplay style. There's plenty of easter eggs from the previous games as well as comical dark humor, and despite what some people say, you do have to make use of your minions quite a bit."
,Recommended,306670,18588272,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Eminem2420,"It is nothing like Overlord 2, but i still had fun with it. The only issue i had was the camera angle was wierd. It is not open world like Overlord 2 was. It is a mission type game. It has some flaws, but it is still fun to play."
,Recommended,306670,18579441,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,SoupYet,"I knew buying this game it wasn't a traditional overlord game.  Developers stated this many times.  You do not play an overlord.  You do play a netherghul though, which is like a exalted minion.At the moment of writing this the game has some bugs that need to be worked out.  Too many to write down.  Some stupid, some game breaking.   Ill rewrite this if/when they patch it.  But I will review what I see in the game at the moment.The game is fun to play.  It's meant as a couch co-op game.  I played for a good few hours with my friends and we had a great time.  The progression is a little quick as resources you get in the game are plentiful but what makes it more fun is that they are not shared amongst the group.  Its a competition between your mates to gather as many resources as you can.Minions in the game do have uses but not as much as previous overlord games.   Greens and Reds are one time use minions at first.  You will mainly use blues and browns quite often.  Browns to tank and blues to heal as you damage with the help of greens or reds depending on the enemy.If you are a patient gamer, like the Overlord series, and have friends you enjoy playing with.  I recommend the game as of now.  FYI,  all bugs can be defeated by using Cyros's wall power to push your friends through walls :P lol (do hope thats fixed soon but it was fun breaking the game with it).If you happen to be one of those gamers that aren't patient.  Get mad easy and doesn't play well with others competively or doesnt have others to play with.  This game may not be for you as of now.  Again I will rewrite this once its been patched.All in all.  Its a $20 game and a mini Overlrod story.   Its worth checking out."
,Recommended,306670,18634958,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Blinkdog,"8 min of game play (check out my channel for a full play through)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-WkDY8cL4k~ISSUES~* When you first play this you need to exit the game for the ""continue"" to show up. They said they are working on the co-op save issue so they may fix this too.~ABOUT THIS GAME IS~Game type - Diablo/Gauntlet like (top down dungeon crawler)* Play as 1 of 4 characters in 20 single player levels or co-op.* Each hero has a base attack, a charge attack, and a power move that charges over time.* The right analog stick will make a shield for Cyros/Infirna,  dodge for Hakor, & teleport Malady.(sorry no idea what it is on keyboard)* When you continue you can change your hero.* The hero(s), 4 minions, & your weapon can all be leveled up via item drops. (heroes do not share upgrades)* You can buy then equip hats for your minions.* You can summon minions to run forward to attack/break things but ones that are already out can not.* The 4 minions are: browns for fighting, blues for healing, reds will blowup, and greens attack once.* There are about 11 different enemies outside bosses and are: fighters, rogues, wizards, knights, knights w/shield, slugs, big slugs, bugs, peasants, zombies, & your flufafied minions.~THE BAD STUFF~* there are a few bugs but nothing game breaking that i ran into.* Minions are not controlled and will do as they please and that's not a good thing.* ""Golden"" will turn your minions against you and they seem to love to run through it.* Red minions are a 1 time attack & greens need to be upgraded to attack more than once.~MY OPINION~The game is bland, buggy, and mostly crap but overall it is playable. They tried to jump on the moba bandwagon with this ip and not knowing the better parts of either games thy failed at both. The game is a bargainbin title at best, its not an overlord game, its not a moba game, so what is it? Well its a sub par game but does have some of the flair from the overlord series but with very bland gameplay. Now you may be asking why i gave it a thumbs up? Well compared to what i normally play  this is a gem but if you could get this cheap and you loved the other overlord games you'll like this game, and yes like is about the strongest good feeling you'll have for it.p.s.it took me a little over 6 hours to beat it my 1st run & under 5 the 2nd (you can see my full 2nd run on my channel).If you like this review check out my steam grouphttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/Blinkdog"
76561198008658326,Recommended,306670,18630279,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,qwefg2,"If your looking for this game... then I suggest waiting a few days. Right now it might as well be beta acess because it does have a couple of flaws.Biggest one being loss of save file so if you quit the game you may lose all that saved data.As for weapons, minions, and teeking out your character? It's been reduced to spending points/money or playing a different hero. Also you minions took a blow to their head in AI control so make sure you remember that minion recall button otherwise they will quickly kick the bucket.If you have a friend then it might be good, but otherwise... best to wait until the bugs are fixed."
76561198187167653,Recommended,306670,18807195,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DarkAngel,"I am a huge fan of the previous Overlord games, and while this game is very different, I am still really enjoying the humor, music, story and character design.If you purchase the game expecting the gameplay of the previous Overlord games, you will probably be dissapointed. However, if you like being evil in the world of Overlord and enjoy games like Forced, you will have a lot of fun in this game.Love the minion hats :-)"
,Recommended,306670,19500827,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Lord Raven,"I don't care what people say, I love this game!It isn't a bad game! The second level may be a bit challenging... But after that, it's really fun!"
,Recommended,306670,18577345,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,WolfWillHowl,"I enjoyed this game so far. If you are expecting it to be like the past Overlords, forget it. Its more of a Overlord 2.5. In its own right its fun and the humor is exactly what you expect."
76561198053942726,Recommended,306670,19007488,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,xenaever,"I like this game, its not Overlord no but it is a good game in itself with the minions playing a minimum roll.If this is a lead up to Overlord III its a good one, a bit glitchy in places but all in all I quite like it."
76561198111859029,Recommended,306670,18584209,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Sinister,"Rather enjoying this game its a different take on the Overlord franchise. Things are quite different and some could do with a few improvements but overall im enjoying this game, unfortunately alot of people are bashing on it because its different but hey-ho cant please everyone."
,Recommended,306670,18575774,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,LazyRogue,"Overlord: Fellowship of EVIL is a good looking game at first, with new co-op features,new and better graphics as well as sounds, it started out promising; despite all thenegitivity before it was even released.There are good things about this game that people who have played overlord beforewill enjoy but there are also some let downs.Good:You're EvilYou get your minions straight awayLOOT!!!it offers a good level of challenge that increases as you progressbut thats about where it ends, i myself am a fan of the overlord seriesand know that i will play this game and get enjoyment out of it but thats notto say that im not going to have my issues through out it.Bad:Controls can be a little slowThe options menu while not lacking doesn't offer as much as it couldit doesnt feel like a true overlord""The Golden"" (It's Disgusting)The tutorial is lacking and makes me think that this game is aimed specificlyat people who have played the Overlord games before.Im 50/50 on this game i want to love it and i find my self enjoying it, howeverthere are things in the game that make me want to just stop playing for the time beingwere as the last ones i wanted to just keep playing.I'm going to recommend this but only because its not a terrible game it could be betterespecially for an overlord game.In the end i believe that this game is fully up to opinion.Overlord: Fellowship of Evil. It's good, not great But still fun."
76561198011539099,Recommended,306670,18575817,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Shade Meadows,"So far the game has problems... understandable because it just arrived (and it was suposed to come one day after the day it was released) but... Im loving it! it seems a enjoyable ride so far... i have trouble with saving the game though, and the pre-order bonuses, I Think will come in the original release date... but for what it is now.. i would give it an 8.9/10!"
,Recommended,306670,18580896,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Sir Rahka,"If you thought this to be Overlord 3, you are in for a bad time. If you liked Magicka, if you liked Diablo, if you are fan of top-down RPG's, you will like this one as well. Yes, the combat might be simplistic as well as the minion controls. But this was never, ever, intended to be like Overlord 1 and Overlord 2. Codemasters and the team behind this decided to go with a top-down RPG co-op game and I say they did an admirable job with it.So if Overlord games have always been more about the story and characters and the lore for you than about the actual gameplay, give it a go. If it is the other way around, then I say that you are better off waiting for a new Overlord game that follows the same gameplay style as the previous ones.And to those of you who say that this is the first time Codemasters does a thing like this for Overlord as a franchise, I suggest you look into things a bit more. Hint: Overlord: Minions for Nintendo DS. A game that was very unlike Overlord 1."
,Recommended,306670,18578793,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,NagandEmerald,"Overlord: a franchise that would live in in fame for its interesting story, characters, humor, and gameplay. To others, they see only the gameplay, but I am here to tell you that to have a decent Overlord game, you don't just need gameplay. The essence of Overlord is the world of which is created from it. So, let's start off this review by saying that ""this game isn't the game we were hoping for,"" but it's still a decent game. Let's look at the facts.The world itself is still very much in the spirit of Overlord, as Rhianna and the team have been saying. It continues to have its dark humor and its mischevious fun, while still spinning an intricate and well-thought out story. The player characters: the Netherghuls, are a nice addition to the lore, and I think that, despite their weakness to the story itself, they are still a good piece of it. It is the tale of how four evil doers died and got resurrected by the Forces of Darkness, led by Gnarl and the nigh-extinct Minions. The idea of Good finally coming into play as a real threat to Gnarl, the Minions, and the Overlord is also a welcome change of pace from the typical ""corrupted"" heroes and the prejudiced empires that were present in the past games. Good is finally getting the upper hand, but this story shows that you can't permanently put evil down, and if you try, it'll come back with a vegeance.Now, onto the gameplay. Yes; the gameplay is a departure from traditional Overlord; yes, I am somewhat upset about the fact that Codemaster's decided to pander towards EA's way of thinking rather than keep their uniqueness; no, it's not a bad game. Why? Because of the simple reason that this is a ""spin-off."" The beauty of a spin-off is that the developers can take the gameplay in a different direction while still keeping it in the same world. Codemaster's wanted to see if they could make a successful Overlording Co-op title, and they both did and didn't. They did because the game is fun and it's still emulating the fact that you are the bad guy, but it doesn't due to, lack of a better word, ""bugs"" in the game's core programing. I played several hours with a good friend of mine using the online multiplayer, and it took, on average, 4-5 tries to get him connected into the game. Sometimes his game wouldn't load in and he'd have to restart. All in all, this co-op system is plagued with glitches and bugs. Now, onto the core parts of the game itself. The gameplay may make it seem like a Diablo clone, but it isn't. Instead, it is its own thing: a gauntlet-style Overlord spin-off sequel that is meant to be played locally with friends. Is the gameplay good? Yes. Does it get repetitive and boring? Most certainly. I found that Minions are not the core part of the gameplay, but play more of a supporting role to the player characters, as well as providing some dark humor along the way. It is difficult to properly use them, and it seemed more like Codemaster's was trying to get players that had played Overlord before to play this game, rather than reach out to newer fans of evil. Its tutorial was also quite unhelpful, and I had better luck learning the tricks on my own. The lack of Minions as a main commodity of the gameplay itself rather irks me, but I still don't feel too bad about it. This is a spin-off, after all.Finally, here's my final thoughts on the game. The game isn't necessarily as bad as people said it would be. It also isn't as necessarily good as I would've hoped it could've been. It's rough around the edges, changes the formula of the gameplay style of Overlord drastically (hence the hate towards it), and seems to not really emulate Overlord as much as it does other cooperative top-down RPGs, such as Magicka. However, it remains its own thing with Rhianna's wonderful writing on the story, Marc Silk's good performance on Gnarl, and the fact that it retains the series' signature black comedy/dark humor and letting you be the villain. The change of pace to fighting actual forces of Good was a nice touch in my opinion, but without a successful gameplay element, I can say that I want to love this game to death, but I can't because of its setbacks in both gameplay and the repetitive nature of the game itself. Unlike other Overlord games, its replay value so far has been nothing. I rate this game a 6.7/10 for its repetitive gameplay, frustrating glitches, and other such things that I've listed in this review.If I have one thing to say to Codemaster's, it's that you should look on this more as a growing/learning experience. Fans were angry at you for changing the formula so drastically, even in a spin-off, and its release, although amazingly fun for the first 10 minutes or so, does get repetitive. Please make a proper Overlord game with some particular requests, such as:Never-ending gameplay that changes dynamically with your OverlordReturning Minion Mounts and keeping current stuff that's been put into both this and past Overlord games (Brown taunting, Red kamakazi, and Blue-Overlord healing)Continuing the series' dark humor and great storytellingMore of a true good vs evil side to it, with the constant cycle of good and evil being in the balanceEndless peasantry to dominate/destroy like in Overlord 1 (where they would respawn when you reentered a town or village)Intermixing of the tyranny system from Overlord II and the Corruption system from Overlord: Raising HellAnyways, I hope that you all give this game a try, even for all of its faults, and just see that it's not the ""franchise killer"" that people were talking about for months on end."
76561198004852106,Recommended,306670,18662811,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,white_knight_leo,"Having finished the prologue and gotten used to the gameplay, I'm going to have to give this game 3/5.ADDED: This game really, REALLY feels like an Overlord MOBA. And unfortunately for CodeMasters, I don't like MOBAs very much.Honestly, it's not a bad game. There's really nothing wrong with the gameplay as far as it goes, but it is a *MAJOR* shift from previous Overlord games.For starters, it's in a mostly isometric view, similar to Diablo. Which would be fine, but *you can no longer control your minions directly*.Meaning no rally flags, no 'attack this guy', no 'sit here and ambush', nothing. They've also massively lowered your minion cap, and now they've also capped how much Life Force you can hold of each minion type! You start at 2 per color. Yes, 2.Further, the Life energy management of previous games is barely a thing now, because you find fountains that spout Life Energy cubes (yes, they're cubes now) when you hit them,The Overlord you start as is the fire one, Inferna. Yes, a female overlord. It makes no difference to the gameplay except for her voice, but they decided that the fire warrior would be female.And that brings me to something that grates on my nerves. I'm hoping that there isn't any more of it, but there have been a few feminist moments in this game thus far. Gnarl now has a female counterpart named Ricket (which makes no sense, given that minions don't breed, so they shouldn't have sexes). And Gnarl has a like where he says ""Sorry, Ricket, I was totally Minionsplaining there, this is your show!""Seriously, guys? Overlord is SUPPOSED to be an anti-PC game. We kill baby seals, destroy orphanages, burn homes and people and eat children for breakfast. That's the sort of OOC behavior that irritates me, because it's completely wrong for Gnarl to be *apologizing* to anyone but the Overlord.So, massive gameplay changes from previous iterations, and subversion of the basic anti-PC theme of Overlord. The dark humor is mostly still there, but I just don't really feel like *THE OVERLORD* the way I did in previous games. Hopefully it gets better."
76561198006614342,Recommended,306670,18584499,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DerpFox,"I wanted to write a review that was balanced, after playing this game for just a little bit.Firstly, if you enjoyed Overlord 1 and 2, congratulations on your fine taste.Secondly, if you expect this game to be like them, and desire it to be so, then do not buy this game.The minions are barely used, mostly the fighting is on you. I would compare this game more to Gauntlet than anything else.If you just like the traditional Overlord writing and world, and don't mind a brainless hack and slash, this might offer you some fun, especially with friends along for the ride."
76561198109038914,Recommended,306670,18721938,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,time2duel,"Well, not gunna lie, kinda sad about how the Reds now control...and that they are just basically explosions.  But beyond that, not bad.  Plays like an MMO, so not quite how I remember it, but still loved the fun story and voices.  Seriously, I missed Gnarl badly, hearing him was such a joy!  Plus...heh, ""Golden""...heheheh, seriously, was laughing quite a bit while playing.   Can't wait to see what comes next for this game.  Should play if you love this series for the laughs and being evil!"
,Recommended,306670,18582286,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Slizergiy,"While it does take abit of time to get rolling (mission 2, I'm looking at you) once you do your should be fine. One wepon I do recomend is the one that gives you a random minon cube (ie the new life force) every few seconds. That one alows you to summon them with reckless abandon and not have you worry about holding back the evil.Not as great as the usual afair of Overlord (which is an understandable sticking point for fans of the series), but the story has the same charm as you would expect from the series, plus there's not many games that allows you to be evil with style like Overlord."
76561198115423848,Not Recommended,306670,24077877,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Shengtaro,Very bad
,Recommended,306670,18646731,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Xades,"its not overlord 3 but it is damn fun to play, even if it has some problems with multiplayer atm."
76561198085458924,Recommended,306670,18952766,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,masterdrakness,"look this gane is not overlord 3 it is a preloge and a idle strom as well different take on it many disagree with must people giving a hard time but by moden standers of todays uper devlment market it is avager in many ways the sliter dissppotedment and watefulness of it . well then i did like some of it and some parts to be incopreated into overlord 3 or benit in .must of u well would like t o say uncultred things but noif you think of it then how would you MAKE THEN OVERLORD 3 THEN WANT WOULD YOU KEEP , GET RIDED OF PUT IN AND MODATHY THEN HM."
76561197984708334,Recommended,306670,18576328,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Pantsparty,"It plays like Torchlight, but with minion puzzles and combinations of colored minions that have different effects, for example, brown minion can tank for you, blue can heal you etc. The cosmetic hats that your minions can wear look cool, and thats all they do thankfully. Saving your game needs a three save slot system, the current saving method feels pretty clumsy.If you liked any of the previous overlord games, this one is definately worth a look, but you wont be playing in third person like in the previous Overlord games. That's not exactly a bad thing however, as the game is just as fun as the previous Overlord games, the formula of the previous Overlord games is mostly the same, but with more Emphasis on Minion control this time around."
,Recommended,306670,18579017,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Johnekaiser,Its not to bad but i think it can improve in the future witn updates i hopeLets just pray to god that they use the money on pre=orders to fund the works they need to make an Overlord 3
76561198027973734,Recommended,306670,18578540,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,{FU}voidreaper,so far the game is alot of fun cant wait to play with my friends
,Recommended,306670,20211381,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mr.Brewballs,10/10 would speedrun for world record.
76561198081426786,Recommended,306670,18588021,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,pogal,not sure what i think of this game yet but i will thumbs up anyway i have found some glishes. and explain then in screenshots on my profile if you want to see them
76561198168669808,Recommended,306670,21914417,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,BiggyZ,"This is a great game, then again all the Overlord games are great. LONG LIVE EVIL!!!!"
76561198073839129,Recommended,306670,28774162,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,REAPER,Fun game
76561198052114097,Not Recommended,306670,29015250,Posted: 4 January,all,Gebor,dis gaim sux
,Not Recommended,306670,31970906,Posted: 26 May,all,RAIDEN,crap
,Recommended,306670,18574284,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,RollNTroll,10/10  would wait for Overlord 3 again.
,Recommended,306670,31182576,Posted: 16 April,all,stmy,11/10 :)
,Not Recommended,306670,18594348,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,JeanH13,"2/15/17 Update: I can no longer recommend this game. $20 is a bad price for this, but might be worthwile at $5 - $10. Fun game, but Forced and Gauntlet offer a lot more value at the moment compared to Overlord: FOE. Also, devs have killed any support. Game has Day 1 bugs still that they never addressed (only local host/player 1 gets progress saved and some network issues).First, this is not Overlord 3 or a Diablo-like game. This is a hack 'n slash, multiplayer game. The tech tree and item loot are minimal at best, but on par with a Gauntlet style game. If you like Gauntlet style games, I recommend waiting for a sale on Overlord: FOE. Both Forced and Gauntlet offer better 4-player co-op for the price point.I'd say this game most closely resembles Gauntlet: Dark Legacy. This game has the same humor as the previous Overlord games, BUT the minions take a big step back in regards to their utility. If your absolute favorite feature of Overlord was being a Minion Master, then you will not like the minions here.However, if your favorite part of the Overlord series was killing people/animals/elves/etc. with your Overlord and being followed by a parade of tiny, evil cheerleaders, then you should enjoy this. Think of the minions as the pet familiars from Gauntlet: Dark Legacy. They are somewhat useful, but don't contribute very well to the game.About the minions: Minion spawners are more frequent than the single-player Overlord titles, to compensate for how expendable they are in Fellowship of Evil. Browns are the only minions I keep out around me, as they stay near you and attack like the previous Brown minions (deal and take damage for you). Blues can only heal you, they do not deal any damage. Greens are better melee damage-dealers against foes, but disappear from your Minion control after they have slain their target. Reds have been completely changed. They are no longer ranged fireball-casters; instead, they are suicidal bombers that run in a straight line towards whatever you were facing and self-destruct on impact.The game took me roughly 7 hours to beat, in a 2-player co-op session. I doubt the number of players would change this completion time.Your Overlord has 4 attacks to play with: light attack (fast dps), heavy attack (slow strike with knockback), a charged heavy attack, and a special attack (strongest attack but tires your character for a few seconds and has a cooldown).Each Netherghul character plays different from each other in how their attacks work, but all aren't different enough to get attached to any of them.Final review (TL;DR) : This is a great couch co-op game to play with controllers (I use Xbox 360). If you only played the Overlord games to be an evil Pikmin Minion Master, then this is not a game for you. If you like multiplayer, hack 'n slash games in the style of Gauntlet, then you might enjoy this spin-off of the Overlord franchise."
76561197979788693,Not Recommended,306670,35428613,Posted: 2 October,all,DesktopAdonis,"Insanely short, Ends on a cliffhanger with a huge plug for an expansion as opposed to telling a story."
