user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198094394143,Recommended,306760,25135837,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,R3con_338,Got stuck on the first puzzle. Walked around for an hour in the same area pulling random levers until hoping they would do something. Still stuck.If anything my short time with this game has reminded me why I loved Myst and Riven so much as a kid. I remember sitting with my Dad and taking notes on the generator puzzle in the original Myst and my Dad explaining to me the sound puzzle on Riven and how the animals sounds related to a puzzle. I still have my old notes on both games. Obducton reminds me of those days. Now here I am again pulling random levers and working on new maps and notes. The team at Cyan made me love puzzle games as a kid and the satisfation of getting that rocket to work in the original Myst for the first time was like magic to me. Now I'm back again but this time older and wiser. The puzzles are still as challenging and the story still as obscure. For the first time in a long time I'm a kid again and my Dad is here with me taking notes on it all. Maybe one day I can do this with my kid and this time I'll be there to draw maps and he can push the buttons and we can blast of on the rocket together. Thank you Team Cyan for making a game like this. Now if you'll excuse me I've got levers to pull and books to link.
76561198018636895,Recommended,306760,31563260,Posted: 5 May,all,¿Por qué?,"After my first playthrough, i had concentrated on solving and finishing quickly - this took about 2.5 days without hints - which is how i have always played Cyan games. I was disappointed because i solved it so quickly. I was wrong.I figure i am so used to what to look for in this type of game, that i actually missed 90 percent of the story contained in the game. And, as usual, the story and narrative is what makes a Cyan game so special.So. My 2nd playthrough. I only can think of one word. Brilliant. Everything ties up, everything makes sense (if you look for the clues), If you're looking for an action game, look elsewhere. If you're looking fo a game that immerses you into a solid story and lore, that relies on brainpower and not firearms, look no further. This is classic Cyan. The game design, the world design, the unitnrusive but mood setting soundtrack - everything is spot on.In short, i love it. Great work."
76561198001790442,Recommended,306760,25170022,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Sistermatic,"ConsHaving no idea where I amHaving no idea what to doProsHaving no idea where I amHaving no idea what to doWhat's with the MYSTique about this?Yup. They're doing it again! Once again they've provided an environment where I know exactly where I am but I'm completely and utterly lost. You'd think one of us would have wised up by now.More than 20 years ago when I played Myst the game was called ""ground breaking"". It was called ground breaking because there were no instructions. There was no UI. There was no indication of purpose or reason. You started pretty much anywhere, went anywhere, saw and did many things with no understanding of what or why in most cases. The result of your actions gave you the reason for it - in the end it all made sense.So, I came at this all smug like. After at least Myst and Riven I just KNEW I'd need power somewhere. I just KNEW I'd have some fairly complex puzzles, I just KNEW there'd be red herrings, obfuscation and an underpinning mystery, with lots of intrigue all evolving into the story.I just KNEW I'd get lost but I'd get familiar with it eventually and WIN... I KNEW what I had to do. It's OBVIOUS...And then I found one of those devices.What the hell?9/10..oo00oo..Performance note: I'm running 32Gb DDR4 RAM, Skylake i5, MSI 1070 and an EVO SSD and I'm skipping on some asset loads (Cyan does recommend an SSD. So do I).It's no real issue because nothing is RT critical but this thing is HUNGRY - something we've come to expect from Unreal. As for GFX, on a 1070 maxed out, easy 60 with only very occassional drops, vsynced fine...oo00oo..You know. As an afterthought I came up with a potential analogy. It's like going shopping for the first time in a supermarket without a shopping list. You know you're going to end up at the checkout, you know you're going to have food but you have no idea what you're going to buy, where it is or how you're going to cook any of it.I mean, listen. No. Actually listen. You saw that button right? You saw that lever? You push it or pull it (you have to right?) and you listen. Did something move? Did something turn? Only later, when something is there/not there that was/wasn't there before do you realise what you've done. Only THEN do the dots connect and you just KNOW you're making progress.At least. Until you discover another button, another lever, an ""instruction manual"", complex diagrams, formulas or listsad nauseum. It can be relentless, almost overwhelming.Now excuse me. I have someone to call. At least I think I do."
,Recommended,306760,25114881,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,updownupdown,"TL;DR:They meant it when they said this was going to be a spiritual successor to Myst. It's exactly that. You have no idea what's going on, it's gorgeous, and the puzzles are clever (neither too easy or difficult). Playthrough time is about 12 to 14 hours.Performance/StabilityI ran the game at max settings and it ran very smoothly, 60 FPS, with the occasional drop in frames, but infrequent and not that noticeable (i7-6700 / GTX 1070 / 16 GB / 2560 x 1440). The game never crashed on me, but I could never get the ""Photos"" thing to work properly. The thumbnils wouldn't match the photos I took, some photos didn't take properly... the whole thing was unreliable. Thankfully it's not really a useful feature, though I wish I could have taken high res shots of the game and saved them somewhere. This was coded for PC, with Unreal Engine 4. You can tell it's not a crappy port from a console game.GraphicsGraphics and scenery are amazing, it looks as advertised (or better). It really makes you goes ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ that's amazing"". The recorded live scenes look a bit low res though, and it does stand out among the high quality scenery.GameplayThe interface is simple and intuitive. I wish there was more music more often! It's mostly ambient sounds. Playthrough took me 13 hours; I've played all the Myst games before, but an average adult player should take between 10 and 16 hours. It sounds short, but it's quite an experience. Some of the puzzles are really clever, and it's fun to run around the worlds to solve them all. There are some loading times, though they're somewhat cleverly disguised, and usually don't take too long.StoryA bit of a let down to be honest, though the concept around it is really neat. It just feels like it hasn't been fleshed out enough, which I was expecting near the end, but it didn't happen. Either way, I did enjoy not knowing what was happening, so there's that.ProsBeautiful graphicsClever puzzlesOverall a very enjoyable experienceConsBuggy ""Photos"" feature, some people reporting minor bugs/crashes but I've never had any problems like that.Music isn't as impactful as in the Myst series. I hardly ever heard it.One of the puzzle, where you have to figure out an alien number system, is a bit over the top in terms of complexity. I got stuck in a playthrough without having had the chance to ""learn"" it first, and I just had to look it up online, and even then it was a head scratcher.The pros far outweight the cons, I'm just being picky.If you enjoy puzzle games, Myst/Riven, The Witness, or ""walking simulators"", I highly recommend the game. You're talking 12 hours of solid fun for the price of a couple movie tickets.Arbitrary rating: 8.75/10."
76561197978156085,Recommended,306760,26110455,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Biorr,"Overall I was impressed. It took me 11 hours to finish the game without guides. Your mileage may vary. This game makes for a very good spiritual successor to the Myst games that ultimately builds on the original formula. WARNING, this game will not turn you into an Adventure/Puzzle convert if you already hate the genre. This is a slow burn game, in the vein of Siberia, The Longest Journey, and The Secret of Monkey Island. Be prepared to read journals and take your own paper notes. So onto the pros and cons-PROS-Story; its original and sucks you in-Puzzle mechanics; they were original and varied, often requiring a bit of lateral thinking-World; the world itself builds a great foundation to make it believable without overly painful info dumps-Sound; My god this game has good sound design. PLAY THIS WITH HEADPHONES!MIXED-Graphics; this is not a negative by any mean. At times this game blew me away with its awesome vistas and alien scenery. However, there were times I noticed painfully pixelated textures or items with just a few too little polygons.-No hand holding; This game does not hold your hand. I personally find this refreshing but I realize this may not be the case for everyone. Be prepared to use the in-game camera as well as taking notes for the puzzles.-Music; while the sound design blew me away, I found the music rather forgettable sadly enough. Your tastes may vary.-Gauntlet puzzle; You'll know it when you get to it. Its doable but a bit tedious, especially if you are suffering from long load times.CONS-Load times; Annoying load times in annoying places. I played this game on a solid state drive with a fairly beefy computer and still suffered the load times (some as long as 20 seconds).-Glitches; I have heard some people running into glitches forcing them to reload a save. I had one audio glitch during my playthrough which was corrected after a reload.I did not Kickstart this game nor receive it for free. I am a fan of puzzle games though. :)"
,Recommended,306760,32076986,Posted: 30 May,all,Phil Collins,"I really really really wanted to like this game, beacuse I love Myst. I did like it at first...and then the stupid teleporter orbs came into play. The loading times are long. It would have been OK if there was like 4 or 5 of them, but deeper into the game you get 3 or 4 next to each other! Not only that, you need to keep using them over and over to solve a certain puzzle that was unnececerilly hard. The teleport orbs should have been like the linking books in Myst. This could have been a much better game without the frustrating orbs."
,Recommended,306760,25187638,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,HopkinsProg,"Rand Miller and his team have pulled off an amazing feat, and delivered yet another masterpiece!  Obduction is an amazing throwback to the original puzzle games of Myst and Riven, filled with gorgeous worlds and compelling puzzles.  It’s nice to see that after more than 20 years, quality games such as this can still captivate and challenge my mind.  I had a blast playing this and, if you’re willing to take on the challenge, I bet you will too!"
,Recommended,306760,25120373,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Laktael,"Back in the day when I didn't had as many grey hair as I have now I bought myself my very first printer. With it came a bunch of cd-roms with some printing and publishing software, but one of those cds had a coverimage of a strange island with the words MYST above it.Never had I emerged myself into a game that much then after I had put that cd-rom into my computer. A notebook ended up with pages full of clues, hints and theories about how to solve the puzzles and mysteries I encountered in the Ages. Of all the games I've played, MYST is still high up there as one of the funniest, engaging and interesting experience ever.Now, here I am, sitting behind my computer, more than 20 years later. Pen and paper beside the keyboard and just one and a half hour into Obduction. Feeling right at home, not on MYST-isle, but an entirely new crafted world ready to be explored. It all feels right. From the design, the puzzles, the soundscape and music. It's Cyan true and true.Any downside, yeah. The characters, presented with full motion video look a bit pasted in, almost like cardboards. That could have been done a tad better as it is the only immersive breaking thing so far. But to be honest, it is still way better than having to look at a 3d model.In short, if you loved the previous games from Cyan, or any other puzzling game in that style. Don't keep your hand on your wallet."
,Recommended,306760,25164069,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,duangle,"Just finished (18 hours of play time). Puzzles were clever, and neither too hard nor too easy. The science fiction setting was intriguing. The environmental storytelling masterful. Music could have been a little better, but who cares. I'm very satisfied with what I just played and am rooting for a sequel."
,Recommended,306760,25155728,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,sub7th,"See that Cyan has released a new game.Pee myself.Buy game.Start playing game, see graphics and pee myself again.Start wandering around, clicking things, pulling levers trying doors.Things happen.Find guy with crappy southern accent, get mission.Figure out mission.Get next mission.Next mission is harder, lots of puzzles and clues are tough.Debate looking online, remember that this is a Cyan game and walkthroughs are for sissies.Get pen and paper, start taking notes, writing down possible answers, scribling pictures.Finally figure out puzzles and codes, feel like a muthagrubbin BOSS!Finally get under weird tree, jaw drops, realize this game is just starting.Look at clock, 1 am and I'm 9 hours in.Love Cyan."
,Recommended,306760,32084892,Posted: 31 May,all,Igzorn,"TL;DR: Solid game, great sceneries, nifty puzzles and riddles, rather short and the story is conveyed mostly through exploration. If this is for you, then the price fits. Beware: Almost no handholding, if you ever get clueless, it will test your resolve. ;)As Yatzee similarly said about Limbo: Grab a glass of whine and make yourself a relaxed evening.Summary after finishingI really enjoyed playing through Obduction. If you're in the right mood, then it's definitely a treat. I finished it - if recalled correctly - in about 4 - 6 medium long sittings (17.4h in total). I took my time to look at my finds and read every note and even mastered the special number system that you'll find (thanks to a little tutoring from Afterwork Gaming - thanks again!). I think if you play it like that, you will get a nice immersion.PresentationVisually, the game is just great! The different places are quasi themed and offer a nice change of scenery, and the way that scenery looks has often made me take a screenshot, because it's really nice!DifficultyThe puzzles and riddles offered a good challenge to me. The game provides all the information you need to solve them. Whether you find and/or see it is a different story. ;) I rarely got stuck. To make this more measurable: I'd say I have an affinity to solve puzzles and riddles in video games and so the solutions come to me relatively easily, but not necessarily every time. So if you have a tendency to struggle in that department, then Obduction will provide several points in the game where you have a fair chance to get stuck. Fear not! By now, there is enough content around in the net to guide you through those rough patches, even spoiler-free ones! Or just start your own spoiler-free thread, I'm sure people will give you hints. ;)StoryThe story is quite intruiging and Cyan managed to get you started with that ""I want to find out what happened here""-feeling, so in my opinion they did a great job motivating the player to start exploring. As you progress, the story will be told through the environment and through notes, so you could say you get rewarded for exploring carefully.Closing thoughtsI loved how the devs implemented the backer mementos. They're nice to look at and make you wonder what's the story behind the different items. Unfortunately, I never played Riven or Myst, so I can't link those games to this experience. But I really enjoyed my time with Obduction and I'm looking forward to more from Cyan.And if you've come this far:Thank you for reading! <3"
,Not Recommended,306760,32268492,Posted: 8 June,all,Drunken Master,"Visually appealing, but thin on puzzles. There are a few mind benders but many puzzles are incredibly straight forward to solve. Some puzzles require multiple loading/reloading of areas which can be tedious unless you have a SSD drive.If you like exploring strange worlds and a background sci-fi story, check it out. If you'd prefer to be solving puzzles, I'd look elsewhere, as Obduction is two-thirds exploration, and interesting puzzles few and far between.On my machine the game also suffers from frequent stuttering whilst walking around."
76561197988535705,Recommended,306760,25115903,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,OneManClan84,This is the type of game that makes you feel like you dropped acid. 9/10
76561197975703173,Recommended,306760,29086615,Posted: 7 January,all,nw15062,Patiently awaiting the HTC VIVE VR update.
,Not Recommended,306760,30692293,Posted: 23 March,all,Dolemout,"If your game can't hit a consistent 45 fps on lowest detail on a 4790k and a gtx 1080, you really need to retlink whether your game actually supports the HTC Vive."
,Recommended,306760,26056715,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,periurban,"A visually stunning treat for Myst fans.I played just about every Myst game back in the day, but was frequently frustrated by the obscurity of the puzzles and the way the various devices and mechanisms seemed not to bear any relation to anything that could reasonably be worked out in advance.Obduction is different.The worlds you play in here seem to make perfect sense, even if the whole scenario and back story will take a bit of delving to uncover. If you see a gigantic cog wheel attached to a big chain you can bet you will soon be triggering a device to make it turn, and once turning it will do so convincingly and with a purpose. The puzzles are never so obscure you couldn’t figure them out, but in the later stages you will need good spatial awareness and/or an ability to make meaningful notes.There's a camera you can take pictures with (which helps a lot) but no inventory, so no fetch quests, but you will be back and forthing quite a bit. Just as well then that the visuals are jaw droppingly amazing. It’s by far the best looking game I’ve played, and the artistic design throughout is top drawer.There are technical issues to put up with though. There is a repeated loading screen in the tunnel out of the tree roots (watch for the wee circle in the top right) that initially made me think the PC had crashed, and one or two occasional stutters, but I easily forgave these wee glitches. Apparently an SSD (which I don’t have) makes that better. I played on a GeForce GTX960 at 1920x1200 on high settings, and everything looked gorgeous.If you are a puzzle game fan Obduction is a must buy, and I am surprised it hasn’t been picking up more attention. It really is the stuff that dreams are made of.10/10"
,Recommended,306760,26943731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Baznoc™,"I had to make a re-write for Obduction with apologies to everyone who has knowelege of the base 4 system of Villein math.Hat's off to you!This game has been an obsession(Not Obduction, which means 'Hidden'), to beat ever since I bought it, right after it came out.Everything is a mystery when you first get in to the game, even the opening, which I Realy enjoyed. I had no idea what to expect.I Forgot this was new! Wow Those patches have saved me.I have made it through 2 times and had seen a lot.The game is a REAL 'toughie' - puzzlewize.You'll understand the Order you set yourself up for success, in Previous things you figure out, Really start to play into the games ability, to come to and end. You will understand. I re-started 8 times, but endured the frustration. Sort of.Playing the game has taught me to watch, Very closely, what I do in a game.It's a REAL 'thing', because the Developers had the idea of ""House of cards"" when they designed it. You Can save your self here now, BUT I will let you know you should be comfortable with the area and Where you are, and where you've been, AND where you need to go.I Love this game for it's beauty, it's Difficulty, and the sheer awesomness that makes this a game to have for sure if you like the Myst series, or Loved good puzzlers. This is a masterpiece.My opinion was 0-10 Before the patches,... now,10-10 - for Its Beauty, Game play, and Thoughtfulness, in this World of Obduction.You will get Lost."
76561198044000979,Recommended,306760,25123794,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,microGRAM,"Myst was one of the first point&click puzzle games I ever played all those year ago. Still to this day I remember Myst very well, it was that good. I'm not really one to go buy a guide or go online for the answers and walkthroughs, so it was just me and a pen and paper. Point&click puzzle games will always have a place in my heart due to Cyan.Obduction is everything I had hopped for from this iconic company. The look and feel hits home with what one would expect the ""next Myst"" to be. It is very clear that they learned a lot over the years and included that into this game. You have the choice to play point&click or free roam. You can take pictures in the game and pull them up at any time. This is amazing as I'm terrible at drawing, and with Myst I would draw out a lot of stuff.If you ever played any of the Myst games in your life than you simply owe it to yourself to pick up Cyan's newest offering. Also check out realMyst here on Steam, it's an HD Myst with a few new features, such as free roam."
,Recommended,306760,29871237,Posted: 12 February,all,HankDazzle,"This was an extremely enjoyable puzzle game with a great story and beautiful art work. I have a hard time caring to follow the story in most games these days, but the storytelling was very well done here and I couldn't stop staring at the gorgeous environment.I played regular FPS style, not VR or point-and-click. I would note that there are some occasions that it is useful to switch to point-and-click if you are having trouble with the controls on certain things.Positives:- Environments are absolutely gorgeous. A stunningly beautiful game.- There are no jump scares, no death, no inventory, just story and puzzles! And it works.- Puzzles are just hard enough to make a great game.- Several throwbacks to the Myst series sprinkled throughout.Negatives:- A major mechanism in the game forces you to wait to load, at times several times in a row. I minimized the amount of loading by planning my moves on paper first, but if you're a guess-and-checker you're gonna have a bad time.- Music was just OK. It worked for the mood but could have been much better.- Classic Myst-style FMV for C.W. and Caroline was good, but also could have been better.- Some annoying control issues when trying to input data into certain things in FPS mode.- There are a couple set pieces that I thought for sure I'd eventually get to interact with (crane)- I wish it were a little longer. I beat it in 12 hours total which included carefully reading everything I could find.I highly recommend this game. I hope there is a sequel, as this story can go much further in many directions. I'd also be very happy with new IP from Cyan executed anywhere near this level. This is a very pleasant turnaround from some of the later, weaker Myst games.I disagree with some reviewers who have said there's ""too much backtracking"". If you find yourself spending tremendous amounts of time backtracking, it might help to start mapping everything out and thinking harder on the task at hand."
,Recommended,306760,25458146,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Kyubey,"8/10The game varries from pretty damn amazing to slightly amateur at times in all aspects:Graphics are almost consistently awesome - with a few small graphical imperfections, most notably, the clipping between terrain assets and the ground.performance on a 1070 was okay - but some moments were terrible. I ran it most of the times at 70-90 fps 1440p on highest settings, but occasionally, I found spots which stuttered and sunk the frames surprisingly low - one point at the very end of the game, I caught it drop to 20 fps. This was due to my view distance setting.The use of SFM, for the most part works, but there are moments (again at the very end) which breaks the immersion, and seem a bit cheap (a particular explosion at the end of the game looked extremely bad and hurt immersion)Gameplay was exactly what I wanted. A complex world puzzler with plenty of logic and context puzzles - this was my first Cyan game - it certainly felt like its own signature mix of gameplay elements.Puzzle difficulty ranged from generally easy to stupidly hard and nonsensical at times. Some puzzles definitely felt fine-tuned and well thought out, others gave me no context and had me wandering the world in search for something that could've been easily missed in the first place.A few logic puzzles were extremely complex, particularly one reoccuring math puzzle, which I thought was awesome and investing.some puzzles had you wandering back and forth which got tedious rather quickly, and lasted a very long time, these were drawl stand-out moments which overstayed their welcome, one being a frustrating maze puzzle.Story was presented in a way that worked well - through text and sfm messages - I felt the ending lacked the depth I wanted it to though, with it finishing a little bit too abrubtly. There were key story moments in the game that really worked on the other hand, and felt awesome.The general concept for this game world was cool - I simply wish they went further with it, and expanded some of the ideas out further (the ending again comes to mind).I recommend this game if you like difficult puzzlers and adventure games - it was worth $30 for me. The story was good and very unique, but execution leaves a bit to be desired - core gameplay is interesting and fun."
,Not Recommended,306760,30677654,Posted: 22 March,all,Apoc,"Terrible VR disappointment.It seems like it may be a fun game on a monitor but I patiently waited for Vive support for the full immersive VR experience. Unfortunately this is sorely not ready for VR release.It runs very poorly on the lowest of settings on an overclocked 980ti and a 4790k. Asynchronous Reprojection is definitely kicking the entire time. To add to this, this is one of those UE4 engine titles that have terrible aliasing issues that makes everything blurry, jagged, and shimmery. Instant headache.This really is not worth playing whatsoever in VR until the developer can resolve these issues."
,Recommended,306760,30833820,Posted: 30 March,all,Kris.vdv,"I was afraid to buy this game because of the bad reviews, especially for the Vive version, but I couldn't resist and today I just played it for the first time.  Yes, the begin-menu is too far away, but I could manage to read it and set everything like I wanted to.  The game itself is very beautiful and the music and ambient is all top quality.  The story, as expected, looks very intriguing and I'm looking forward to playing more.  About the performance, I must say everything is running smooth -on my i7-6700K/16GB RAM/GTX1080!  I've seen even better in other games, but considering the fact that this game is visually outstanding, and all my settings are high or epic and supersampling on 1.5x, I'm certainly not complaining,  it's definitely very playable. I've chosen smooth locomotion and it works fine following the direction of the thumbpad.  I'm happy I finally got it and I'm sure I'll be playing it a lot the coming days/weeks.   The only thing I'm worried about is the difficulty of the puzzles.. :)   Anyway, this is a top AAA game!!"
76561197968176549,Recommended,306760,25197525,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[Blue's]Lagged_Newbie,"If you've ever liked Myst, if you've ever liked any of the other Cyan games, buy this and play it immediately.  This is a spiritual successor to the Myst franchise, but one completely updated for 2016.All the puzzles are interconnected, but the game unfolds in layers with little dialogue and by having you figure out how items work togethr, rather than being a set of logic puzzles that build upon one another (like The Witness.)Dare I say it, but Cyan has returned in form.  This is a fantastic exploration/puzzle game that will long stand the test of time."
76561197987209763,Recommended,306760,25118980,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Lars K.,"Blown away. Absolutely having a blast. Totally getting the Riven vibe.They totally nailed the world building and atmoshphere in this. One of the most key aspects of world building in a game like this is the fact that the puzzles and the world have to feel like one.They do. The 'puzzles' - if you wan't to call them that - make sense in the context of the situation or place.Only negative aspects seem to be technical. People are reporting, me included, a weird bug where the game will start but the loading screen will continue. There is a workaround for this that has to do with changing the language (Yeah.. weird..) to a different one and then back again (Just check the steam forums).Also, if you're afraid you might not run this at 60 fps, who cares? It's a point and click puzzle game. 30fps will do fine!Another thing - It looks amazing! Wow!"
,Recommended,306760,25117074,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Jpoel,"I have played for about 9 hours so far so thought I'd leave a quick review which I will continue to update as I play.First of all, the game is gorgeous. I mean it. From every shiny barrel to the scarily realistic water effects. This is simply one of the best looking games on the store right now. I did struggle to get it to run well on maxed out settings at first, but I eventually found that disabling Vsync almost tripled my frame-rate; so I suggest doing this if you are having problems.The story seems interesting to say the least. In short, you are sucked into a mysterious land and have to figure out why you are there and how to return home.The world is massive, there looks to be a whole lot to do and this might take you some time to discover all of its secrets. You'll find yourself walking around huge contraptions just wondering what on earth they do. It's very magical and exciting. There's a LOT of walking to do and it is extremely easy to get lost, but once you unlock ""short-cuts"", travelling is made a lot less tedious.You'll be introduced to various characters along the way, however interactions with NPCs can feel somewhat uncomfortable. FMV doesn't *really* lend itself to well to a full-3d game, and I think Cyan knows it. The majority of NPC encounters occur through ""projectors"" placed within the world which are essentially video logs. Watching the story unfold through these projectors actually works pretty well, and disguises the fact that the real-time actors don't really ""fit"" and the projectors give the characters a reason to be two-dimensional in a 3d world.On occasion you will meet a character face-to-face, and this is when the effect is somewhat lost. I am over 9 hours into the game now and I have only met one character in person - and he has a very choppy outline from where he has been ""cut out"" of the footage, and will ""over-step"" the bounds of the camera that recorded him on occasion, resulting in part of his body/clothing being clipped. He also has slight green tinge from the green-screen and a general weird blurriness.You solely interact with this character through a small opening within a door. Presumably Cyan has chosen this route to force your perspective.But when potentially the only character you will ever meet first hand is behind a door and is hounded by an array of glitches and bad effects, it does somewhat make you feel disconnected from the rest of the people in the world, which is a shame when previous Cyan games did this so well.I am so glad FMV has been revived for this game, it's always been a big part of Cyan's legacy, but the process of bringing the characters into the game could have been polished.This gripe is easily forgiven though as the game as a whole is simply beautiful. There are also some really nice touches including a wealth of graphic options, and even the ability to change the gender of your character's shadow. Point-and-click mode is also an option which will please a lot of Myst and Riven fans.I am really looking forward to continue my quest!"
,Recommended,306760,31696713,Posted: 11 May,all,Khorax,"It's been a long time since I have played a Myst game. I remember them, explorations into strange, interesting worlds each with their own theme and mechanics, building from something simple to something rather complex, like a sympthony that works from the smaller instruments and incorporates its disparate sounds into a larger song.Obduction plays along these themes well, oftentimes feeling very much the love letter to Myst it intends to be. It shares much with Myst: trapped in an island of sorts, you explore other worlds, unlocking bits and bobs of the story as you go, learning about the inhabitants and the key players in this story.Unfortunately, I've found a certain.. tiredness with Obduction. I saw it in Myst 4 and 5. I saw it in URU. A weariness that seems to settle in that was never around with Riven or Myst 3. It felt like, as the story pushed forward, though the puzzles became more complex.. the setting.. didn't. Ultimately culminating in what little intrigue becoming a let down. In the end, it felt rushed to conclusion. Here is an Ending, the game said to me. Accept it.To that I felt that the game's journey was enjoyable. The puzzles were just about right in terms of difficulty, never being hair-pulling but never being so easy as to lack engagement. The game is far, far too short, especially for the $30 I ponied up for this. I've played $20 with just about as much design and polish, and far more interest in the characters and stories within.  It's not a bad game by any means, but I've played better from Cyan.As entitled as this makes me, I felt like I deserved better than what I was given. I had high expectations for what could have been a revival of the series, only to make me long for a full 3D version of the Myst games of old.If you're a die-hard fan of this kind of game, I recommend it, or if you're looking to get into something fun with good world building. I recommend it. If you're looking for something with more oomph. something that will capture your heart, or something that will give you more than 10 hours of gameplay, seek elsewhere."
,Recommended,306760,25191774,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Taint,"[NO SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW]Before you read further: This is an adventure game. If you are looking for insane action like Doom you will not find it here. If you like to explore, learn and be mesmerized by an idea or story, continue reading.I loved this game. I had been waiting on this for AGES. Admittedly I am a total Myst junkie. I've played them all. I love the way Cyan approaches adventure games and story telling. Obduction does not disappoint. The graphics and sound(minus 1 thing to note) were great. The design of the combined worlds was excellent(except for 1 minor flaw which I'll address in Cons.) The premise of the game and the story all made sense and were very intriguing. Very few complaints here.Pros:-The obvious one. It a spiritual successor to Myst created by Cyan.-Graphics are crisp and beautiful. I recommend using the game ready tweaks if you use Nvidia cards.-The sound was fitting and atmospheric. Sounded great on my TV as well as with my headphones.-The score was enjoyable to listen to. I'll probably grab the soundtrack.-The puzzles were intuitive and could be solved by most with enough effort and critical thinking.-The layout of the world and how you reached different parts of different areas was great.-The underlying story about everything was excellent. Mysterious. It let me fill in blanks.Cons: (Really just constructive criticism)-In one instance there is an area where you take a ""pod-lift"" to an area and you need to understand some math to progress. Once you get here, you can't leave unless you figure it out. (This could be easily fixed by adding a button to recall the pod)- I noticed hiccups in the looping soundtrack a few times. As if there was a certain length to a score and a slight delay before it replayed. (Most probably won't even notice this. It only happened once or twice.)-I felt that it could have been longer. Some areas felt that they had content cut from them. (I understand why this probably happened. My hope is that the success of this game will allow some of that content to find it's way into a sequel or maybe a DLC. It worked on Uru so why not on Obduction.)-Similar to above. The story while great, seemed minimal. They tried to keep it a bit brief and I understand why. One to add mystery and two so that an overwhelming amount of reading didn't turn away ""Today's gamer that skips all the story."" I hope that made sense.Most of the cons are just me nitpicking because quite frankly, I want more. Technically that's a good thing. I was captivated and I hated to see it end. I hope Obduction will continue or maybe some DLC may be added in the future.I highly recommend this game to adventure gamers and lovers of Myst. It was highly enjoyable and my only TRUE complaint is that I wish I was still playing.9/10"
76561197989424769,Not Recommended,306760,29850181,Posted: 11 February,all,Wayfarer82,"Myst was my first introduction to PC gaming, and I've absolutely loved most of the (non-Ubisoft) games in that series. So, logically, when I heard that Cyan was making another game with a separate storyline, I was intrigued.  After sinking 12+ hrs in Obduction, I feel like Cyan has sort of lost track about what made their games great. Obduction has great environments, compelling music, an interesting storyline, solid gameplay (minus a few keybinding quibbles), and... almost-good puzzles.Frustratingly, the first 2/3 of the puzzles you encounter can be solved logically once you realize that each of your previous actions opens up a new path to a previously blocked objective... then you hit the dot puzzles, which can be solved with brute force. Or perhaps you get stuck on the godforsaken loading screen festival known as the Marang maze puzzle. In either case, the latter half of the game feels like the Cyan team neglected to ask one important question when playtesting : ""is this actually fun""?Overall verdict: agonizingly close to being a great game...but still a solid effort by Cyan. The first half is fairly enjoyable, only to bog down and utterly murder its own momentum with a combination of poor mechanics and frustratingly dull puzzles."
,Recommended,306760,26150554,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Gyro,"It's an excellent spiritual successor to Myst, Riven, and Exile. I really liked it. It's exceedingly well put together. The puzzles are challenging without being frustrating, and quite fun to solve. The visuals, as par for the course for a Cyan game, were absolutely stunning. The amount of imagination put into the lore and worldbuilding is great as always from these guys.I only got very stuck in a couple of cases - in one of those I was dead certain a code was hidden somewhere it wasn't, and in the other I didn't realize a certain steel beam was something you could interact with. All in all, if you find yourself stuck in this game, question your assumptions, because you might be looking for the wrong thing.As for the downsides, #1 is that this game seems very short. It's possible that I might be misremembering these things - after all, it takes a 7-year-old a lot longer to solve the puzzles in Riven than it could ever take an adult to solve the puzzles in Obduction - but it really feels a lot shorter than some of what we've seen in the past. However, the world is a lot more dense with puzzles and I'd say these puzzles are a lot better than what we're used to from Myst and Riven.The other big downside is that several puzzles involve [MINOR SPOILER] warping pieces of terrain between worlds, and every time you do that, you have to sit through a loading screen. Several of these puzzles require you to go back and forth four or five times, and one requires you to do so it something like 20 times, which starts to wear on you. As others have mentioned, installing on an SSD is recommended for this game.Again, I'd strongly recommend getting this game if you're a fan of Riven, Exile, or Myst. It really captured that style of game and even improved on past glories - especially the puzzles, I can't emphasize enough how good the puzzles are in this game. Have fun!"
76561198022248074,Recommended,306760,25320067,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,IDK31,"A big thumbs up! Thanks for this BEAUTIFUL and challenging game. I really enjoyed every minute! Obduction brought back all the nostalgia, good times, and ""aha!"" moments I had playing Myst and Riven. Here's yet another world you can really lose yourself in. I'm going to play again right away to listen to and read everything thoroughly. I hope to see more like this from you again very soon. And thanks for the very fair price!"
,Recommended,306760,25480876,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,tomatoes.dll,"There are almost no words to explain how great this game is.I have been a fan of the Myst series, having completed every game in the series, and also URU, with the exception of Revelations, which was simply too tedious.The best way I can describe Obduction is to say it is a combination of Myst, Riven, and Exile, all rolled into one. It resembles Riven, most of all, only as if Riven managed to take crack cocaine, and, of course, with far superior graphics.The other thing which makes Obduction so unbelievably good is that, while the puzzles are not simple by any means, they are absolutely not impossible, and quite often it is a matter of order of operations.My wife and I, (who actually legally married in URU in front of nearly 100 people--an advantage of living in the great state of Colorado is that you can marry yourselves!)--have been playing the game every night since I purchased it, somewhere in the neighborhood of a week or so ago, and not one single night has passed where breakthroughs have not been made.Where this game, imo, most resembles Riven from the Myst series is that everything seems very interconnected. In Myst, one would solve a puzzle in an age, then get the necessary pages (blue and red) to eventually solve a puzzle, but there was little connecting the worlds besides information. In Riven, everything was in some way connected to another problem on another island.There are no islands in this game, but there are a number of strange alternate worlds or times. I am not yet clear on this yet, but it certainly is important that finding ways to connect these is going to be important as the game progresses.I have designed (way, way, way back when using BASIC language), and played, adventure games for as long as I can remember, and certainly Myst was a breakthrough in that market. Riven upped the ante and is certainly considered one of the greatest, and quite difficult, adventure games of all time. Obduction out does them both, as far as I can tell so far, and is graphically beautiful on top of that.I do not write many reviews, but this was a kickstarted campaign which raised nearly $1.5 Million. It is my hope, that if this game is a success, Cyan will continue with further adventure games, so I encourage anyone who is a fan of the genre to purchase Obduction. It is insanely good.15/10"
,Recommended,306760,25900738,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,nutcrackr,"Adventure fans should be satisfied with Obduction because it employs a clever world-jumping device across four captivating worlds. Tracking pathways through the game spaces is crucial and part of the challenge. Mechanical devices are used liberally, and are required to solve the smaller puzzles. Players will be treated to some wondrous vistas across the four worlds and are gradually rewarded as routes are exposed. Aside from a few obscure solutions, the logical flow of puzzles can be appreciated. The worlds could have used space a little better to minimize the weariness from walking, but it is hardly of great concern. Players will experience a splendid adventure with Obduction, through worlds that are as challenging as they are beautiful, so start drawing those lines and connecting the dots.Full review"
76561198025152048,Recommended,306760,32094973,Posted: 31 May,all,jnethery,"Overall this is a pretty good game, and makes me excited to see what Cyan has up its sleeve for the future. I just hope it's better than this. I'm recommending it because the good outweighed the bad, but there was still a LOT OF BAD, especially the very disappointing VR mode.THE GOOD:Truly felt like entering a MYST game at the beginning, and especially upon entering Kaptar for the first time. Finding the different worlds and seeing how they connect as you piece together the story was fun and nostalgic. Some of the puzzles were very satisfying to solve.THE MEH:Overall, the puzzle design was mediocre in that it involved a lot of backtracking and loading screens. There's a particularly bad part in the game that took me 5 minutes to actually solve in my head, but took 45 minutes of backtracking and loading to actually complete. Also the Villein base-4 number system was woefully underused except for one puzzle. I took the time to figure out how the system worked for basically no reason. The puzzles weren't necessarily bad per-se, but they were mostly tedious in their execution.Also, the game is unfortunately pretty short. I beat it in about 12 hours, which really speaks to how *easy* most of the puzzles in Obduction are. Definitely not on the same tier as Riven or MYST.THE BAD:The controls are just awful. The mouse jitters instead of smoothly moving across the screen, which can be extremely frustrating. Sometimes when you intend to click something, it clicks something else, which was INCREDIBLY FRUSTRATING IN A SPECIFIC PUZZLE IN THE KAPTAR LOCATION. The frequent load times (especially during swapping) are attrocious, especially since I'm running the game off of an SSD. The game could have also given you a bit more direction on where to go. Finding how to get into the last location of the game was a chore, mostly because it involved scouring the entire place for something you might have missed. Hide and go seek isn't a puzzle, it's filler, especially when the ""puzzle"" itself that you find there is TRIVIAL.THE AWFUL:The VR mode on the VIVE is practically unplayable, and I don't understand why they didn't allow point-and-click mode instead of teleporting; it would have been perfect. In addition to bad controls, the VR mode suffers from frequent frame drops that make you sick. I couldn't stand playing in VR for more than 20 minutes."
76561197970541619,Recommended,306760,25241837,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,valles_mar,"I enjoyed the game.  I played ""The Witness"" and was very disappointed it had no story, so I'm glad the team that invented the genre came back to show how it's done right.I hope they make another one."
,Recommended,306760,32696589,Posted: 23 June,all,pirana6,"It seems most hate for this game comes from hardware/software issues (both on consumer and developer side) as well as VR issues... If you're clear of those, this game is great!To me this had everything I loved about Myst/Riven:First and foremost, the absurdly awesome views, landscapes, scenery, etc. The Cyan group can do some amazing things with their imaginations and they keep it up in Obduction.The puzzles. In Myst the puzzles were a little more 'contained' to each other, i.e. once you were done with one, you were done with it. Riven and Obduction had puzzles that all played off each other. Sure some were one-and-done's, but often you were solving part of a bigger picture.The story. As with previous titles, the game jumps you into a story, inundates you with background for the first half hour, then leaves you for the rest of the game. To many who need/want the story to stay enthralled this is frustrating, and I can understand why. Me, I can get over it and set aside my concern for the story and just enjoy the walking sim/puzzles/views for the majority of the rest of the game.Admittedly I wasn't a huge fan of the dot-counting puzzle. I understand it, and I understand many people liked it, but it didn't immerse me into the game, once Ifound out there were many different numbers/dot-combos that could build the bridgesI felt cheated. It brought me out of the game and back to my living room where I was just going through the motions each time. The dot-counting puzzle looked like it was supposed to be some struggle I would encounter here and there through the rest of the game and would feel proud when I finally 'got it', but that was never the case. The Riven counting-symbols wasn't immersive or tough enough, but was more enjoyable.In the end, if you liked Myst and (more so) Riven, and understand in these games the story line won't keep you enthralled but instead the puzzles and landscapes will, buy it! And apparently don't by VR... but I can't attest to that personally.Also, if you liked Riven but were put-off by the incredibly obtuse and completely random puzzles (especially the color-dot-placement one at the end we all needed to cheat and look up) don't worry, this doesn't have that."
76561197967810366,Not Recommended,306760,25391714,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Fyreflight,"This game is exceptionally beautiful, but felt unfinished. After playing it for 10 hours (and completing it) this was our conclusion ('we' being my wife and I; we often play puzzle games togther).This isn't really a puzzle game. More of a 'how do I get where I obviously need to go' game. There _were_ a few puzzles, but unfortunately they turned out to be more tedious than puzzling.One other complaint is that even reading all storyline objects, it is still pretty hard to get a grasp on what is actually going on, and more importantly, why."
,Recommended,306760,29560149,Posted: 29 January,all,Arc,"Great game, but waiting for the rumoured vive headset+(possible)motion control support.GIVE US OFFICIAL VIVE SUPPORT CYAN!! PLEASE! :)"
76561197979871753,Recommended,306760,26193327,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Shell,"I've had so many precious moments exploring the wonderfully realized worlds in Obduction. Moments of experiencing pure beauty, both being awed by colossal set-pieces decorating alien vistas and also appreciating a thousand carefully placed, tiny details. The tranquility of wandering through such immersive worlds is gradually accompanied by a growing sense of unease as you investigate what happened to the worlds' former inhabitants.I've also experienced many blissful ""eureka!"" moments while working through the game's puzzles, many of which revolve around a twist on the old Myst world-swapping mechanic. Ok, they were actually ""oh SHIIIIIT!!"" moments. And several times once I'd thought I'd gotten the swing of things Obduction turned everything on its head in a wonderfully challenging, eye-opening way. For the most part the puzzles are all fair and manageable with a bit of patience and note-keeping.The game isn't quite perfect. Perhaps most significantly, the final planet you visit is so much shorter than the preceding ones that its hard to shake the feeling something was missing. There's also a maze puzzle towards the end that is clunky and tedious, such that it takes nearly half an hour just to input the solution after you've already figured out the answer. From a technical standpoint, playing on an older optical harddrive can also leave you susceptible to various loading hitches and stutters. Play on a SSD if possible, but it's not required.Overall Obduction ranks among my favorite gaming experiences of 2016. It took me about 15 hours to complete and barring the maze puzzle mentioned above there's absolutely zero filler and the game manages to serve up fresh idea after fresh idea long enough that I found the game well worth the $30 price tag. If you like deeply immersive exploration, thinking about sci-fi concepts, and fiddling with puzzles you will probably enjoy your time with Obduction."
76561198131727846,Recommended,306760,31427043,Posted: 28 April,all,Evelovespancakes,"Why am I done already??? I need a sequel asap!!!Before I started playing I was scared. The myst games were awesome and really hoped Obduction would be equally good or even better. It had a lot of negative reviews, though.I played on computer (not VR) and from the start I adored the graphics. The story seemed a bit vague in the beginning, but intriguing as well. You got just enough information to get interested in the mystery. The characters felt real due to all the information and small hints about them you could find. Every now and then C.W. was a bit of an ***, making you run around town and eventually worlds you'd never seen before and claiming you weren't working hard enough when you just wanted to ask him for help.The story development was really good. When I got stuck and was starting to get angry, I still wanted to know what would happen next, or what I would find out next, which kept me going.The puzzles were challenging sometimes, but they were never to hard to solve. I came prepared and kept a journal. I wrote almost everything down, which saved me a crazy lot of time. I didn't need to run around aimlessly that much. I also drew maps... before I figured out there were ingame maps... A journal may sound like a little to much, but I recommend you give it a try. Just make small notes and draw something, it doesn't have to be anything big, it just helps you to remember.I never got the feeling the puzzles were to much for me. Whenever I got stuck, I knew I was really close already. I just missed something small.The worlds... Oh the things I've seen. Sometimes I'd stop... just look... Yep that's a picture worthy of the limited space in my photo album... I'm not going to say anything more about this. Experience it yourself.I played both endings. I liked them both too.At first I had my doubts about the soundscape, because it seemed like there was no sound most of the time, but it was actually just really soft. The sounds were natural, like things you here in a forest. It was just very quiet because of the missing people and wildlife.There were moments my screen froze and I had to stop the game. Those moments were inside the trees or after I'd teleported to fast. This did annoy me.I also had hoped I would be seeing a little more of Soria... but I guess not... :(I enjoyed this game so much that I probably won't be playing anything for a while. It just won't be the same. It won't satisfy me as much as Obduction did.I recommend this game. Don't play it, experience it. (ending with a veeeery cheesy line)"
,Recommended,306760,28217182,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Torgie,"I absolutely loved this game!  It truly is a spiritual successor to Myst, and I was captivated by it.  There are a few big reveals throughout the game, and they always got me excited. Some of the puzzles are more focused, some are sprawling, but I found myself thinking about them all day at work, just waiting to get home and throw a few more hours at it.My only complaits are actually about the achievements. There's two that you simply can't get without looking them up online (they were meant for the Kickstarter backers), and there also no achievement to indicate 100% completion.Besides that, I would highly recommend it!"
76561197983693769,Recommended,306760,25164270,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,THE_Maverick,"I'm liking this adventure. I'm only a few hours in so far, but it's everything I've come to expect of Cyan and their ""Myst-style"".-Puzzles are acceptably difficult and intuitive enough to figure out with enough time.-Visuals are great (reminiscent of Riven) and the music is wonderful.-Load times can be long, but I am also playing on an Intel Core2Quad 2.66GHz. For being so far under the mins, the game is playable will only a little chunking.Thank you, Cyan, for going back to your roots and giving us yet another world to become our own."
,Recommended,306760,26194264,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,wickedrhythm,"This is really everything I've been looking for since playing the original Myst series. The story was wonderful, the puzzles left just enough to be solvable without giving it all away, and the ambience is fantastic. I love this kind of game because the focus is completely on the story and the puzzle. It is engaging in both aspects, and completely delivers from beginning to end.My only concern is a number of ""fatal error"" crashes that I got while playing. I was always able to just load back up and keep playing, but it did happen a number of times.Even with that, 10/10. I can't wait for another from Cyan (whenever that may be)!"
76561198024072502,Recommended,306760,25153130,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,nqeron,What a great game. I loved getting to explore a new world and puzzle through it. It definitely makes for a great spiritual successor to Myst and Riven.
,Not Recommended,306760,27616765,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,вражеский танк,"I never played Myst or Riven, so I wasn't sure exactly what to expect from this game. I went into it really wanting to like it, and there are some aspects of it that I do like, but overall I can't recommend it. The game is beautiful, and is especially amazing to behold in VR, but a few major design flaws and some technical issues prevent it from being a really enjoyable experience.The first problem I have is with the puzzles. Few of them really require any sort of creative thinking; it's usually obvious what you're supposed to do, but not how to do it. So far I'm pretty sure I've spent more time trying to find switches that blend into the environment, or looking for out-of-the-way paths, or fighting with the game's UI, than actually thinking about how to solve the puzzles. As other reviewers have noted, many of the puzzles feel annoying becuase they are only necessary due to ""video game logic,"" i.e. the inability of the player character to climb up a 2 foot high ledge or jump over a small gap.This alone would be forgiveable, but there are technical issues that exacerbate the design flaws to an intolerable extent. Many of the puzzles, especially later in the game, make extensive use of the game's teleportation mechanic. But unlike Portal where you can instantly create a portal and step through it, in Obduction teleportation results in alongload time. Like,reallylong. The first time you load into an area it can take several minutes. Repeatedly teleporting back and forth between two areas isn't usually that bad, but it still takes long enough that it makes some of the puzzles a real chore. In fairness, I didn't install this game to my SSD, so that would probably have helped, but the load times are long enough that I suspect they would be bad even on an SSD, and if you don't have an SSD you're just screwed. More generally, the game has rather poor performance considering how little is going on at any time. It is very pretty, but with so few moving parts I feel like it could have been optimized better.I did really enjoy exploring and taking in the gorgeous environments in this game, and the story is fairly interesting too, at least in the way it's presented. I also like the feeling of a game that doesn't hold you by the hand as most modern games do. But I haven't finished the game, and I'm not sure I will, because when I think about how long it's going to take me to complete the puzzle I'm currently on, it just doesn't seem worth it. Again, this is not because I don't know how to solve the puzzle - I know exactly what to do, but it involves a great deal of teleportation, and therefore tedious load times.With some major performance improvements, I could perhaps recommend this game, but as-is, I can't."
,Recommended,306760,25218081,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,WildSwede,"Myst reincarnated!Just played it through, a couple of times actually. Absolutely loved it!It feels like the old Myst, Riven and the other sequels. It's a new totally separate story but the many puzzles, the wonderful worlds and all those beautiful and crazy machines and gizmos are all there!I totally recommend that you play the game without checking any gameplay videos or seek help online, the risk of spoilers are too big and you will enjoy the game much more if you can solve all the puzzles by yourself! As usual in the Myst games, the solutions are all around, but they are often quite logical, take notes, use the built in camera or take lots of screen dumps. They might be useful later on!Understand that it's not an action game, it's an adventure with riddles and many unanswered questions, you will ask yourself what you are doing and what you should do lots of times! Don't give up!The game have a few bugs still, but nothing game breaking IMHO, except maybe the bug that stops the game from loading passed the loading screen, quite a few seam to get stuck here. An early solution is to go to Settings in the game and change the language and then back to your chosen language, then load the saved game or start a new one - it should load OK! Do this every time you start the game. Cyan is working on a bug fix, but rolled back the most recent one.Besides that bug I've only experienced one game crash, sometimes at a few places there are some loading time between areas, just wait a few and you should be able to continue. The game runs smoothly on maximum settings on my PC with GeForce 890 Ti with 6 GB ram on the graphics card and 32 GB RAM and an SSD disk.Enjoy the adventure!"
76561198131563905,Recommended,306760,30675648,Posted: 22 March,all,Delayghty,"The Vive update (including Motion / Touch Support) is very ... Unfortunately, very ... Disappointing.So excellent the basic game works, so bad is the VR extension implemented.The (blue, why?) ""Hands"" simply look unnecessarily artificially and are very loveless animatedThe control often bugs or remains hanging what makes smooth walking almost impossible.Only after several unplanned pressing of all buttons on the Vive controller I can move further.In addition, spots can be reached which otherwise (on foot) can not be reached.E.g. At the water sluice, I reach the other side of the river, though the bridge is not turned correctly.A pity, I had really been very happy and so far deprived the game from my mother (Myst / Riven Fangirl of the first hour) so that she can enjoy VR with a new experience.I'll give her mouse and keyboard rep. XBOX controller in the hand, otherwise a pity for the great game.This can't be Rand Miller and Co.'s own requirements ...!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Das Vive-Update (inkl. Motion/Touch Support) ist sehr... Leider, sehr... Enttäuschend.So excellent das Grundspiel funktioniert, so schlecht ist die VR-Erweiterung umgesetzt.Die (blauen, wieso?) ""Hände"" sehen einfach nur unnötig künstlich aus und sind sehr lieblos animiert, dann lieber gleich weglassen.Die Steuerung buggt oft oder bleibt hängen was flüssiges umherlaufen/bestaunen quasi unmöglich macht.Erst nach mehrfachem planlosen drücken aller Knöpfe am Vive-Controller kann ich mich weiter fortbewegen.Ausserdem lassen sich durch das umhergebeame mit der neuen VR-Steuerung, Spots erreichen welche sonst (zu Fuss) nicht zu erreichen sind.Z.B. an der Wasserschleuse, erreiche ich durch die neue Steuerung die andere Seite des Flusses, obwohl die Brücke nicht korrekt gedreht ist.Schade schade, hatte mich wirklich sehr gefreut und das Spiel meiner Mutter (Myst/Riven Fangirl der ersten Stunde) bisher extra vorenthalten, damit Sie mit VR ein neues Erlebnis geniessen kann.Gebe Ihr nun doch lieber Maus und Tastatur rep. XBOX Controller in die Hand, ist sonst schade um das tolle Spiel.Da müssen Rand Miller und Co. wohl dringend nochmals über die Büchern, dass kann unmöglich deren eigenen Ansprüchen genügen...!"
,Recommended,306760,32093952,Posted: 31 May,all,ejegun,"Having played Myst and Riven when I was younger I had high expectations for Obduction.I expected to feel like I was in a cyan game, and I did. Though the storyline is fairly thin at some point and some of the puzzles are tedius with how they're designed (one of them requires loading and unloading worlds many times, which takes a while each time), the game overall is a good experience. The game looks stunning thanks to UE4 and the worlds are well made. It has a fitting Soundtrack composed by Robyn Miller that makes the experience even more immersive and sets the mood.If you enjoyed Myst and Riven, I think you'll enjoy this too."
,Recommended,306760,25157592,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Abstract Hero,"From what i've played so far in my first 6 hours, this is exactly what you want from a successor to Myst. Such a pretty, smart game with challenging puzzles and plenty to explore.Game completion edit: The game has it's faults with game-time mostly comprised of walking versus activities and the difficulty of puzzles doesn't change too much from start to finish but does up the amount of tedious repetitive activities.However, I still thoroughly enjoyed it. Walking was less of a chore with the scenery and it was a good game overall. I found myself enjoying the original story and the more difficult puzzles. I would definitely recommend it for the Myst/Riven fans."
76561197989724295,Recommended,306760,25126322,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,thefriendlyinsomniac,"First impressions from a short time playing: I'm back in Myst/Riven and everything is new, mysterious, and deeply enthralling.  If you're a lorehound, or love having story and secrets hidden behind puzzles and mechanics designed to test your critical thinking skills, then this is the game for you!  Wonderful visuals, amazing sound design, and thoroughly captivating world-building.  What more could you want?If you want, take a look at this short video of my first ~20 minutes or so in the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4rVJe-szQc"
76561197970685845,Recommended,306760,31641878,Posted: 9 May,all,Cpt L3mm1ng,"Love Myst style puzzle games, and this has a lot of potential.Unfortunately Vive support is pretty flaky, bugs have already been mentioned repeatedly by others.My biggest gripe is locomotion direction being tied to your headset direction. That is, you travel forward in the direction you are looking all the time. Makes it impossible to look around as you are walking and is very disorienting.PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make locomotion direction (on the vive at least) tied to the direction of the vive controller being used for locomotion. This is how onward does it, and it is amazing and no motion sickness."
76561197971396073,Recommended,306760,25296786,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,The Surgeon,"This could be my first review, not sure, I play a lot of games but never feel motivated.But this is Cyan, and although I was unsure when starting, my hope of feeling the same as I did when I was 9 years old....against all odds....happened.Now in my 30's, while I still enjoy games, I have a few captivating memories, and the moments I spent in Myst are still engraned in my mind.All I can say is while playing Obduction I felt the same emotions, feelings, the sense of wonder and discovery, the enticing world that was elegant yet disturbing, a story that was slightly unsettling.  I can only say how glad I am that they made this game, and I hope it does well enough for them to make more. Because this type of adventure game and storytelling has been missing from gaming for a long time.Please Cyan........more........."
76561197970653174,Recommended,306760,26674678,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,tran_fors,"It's a solid game, overall.Pros:* A solid story (though the plot is only continued via notes, after the 1st world).* The puzzles make sense, overall - a ton of squirrely logic isn't needed to solve them.* Beautiful graphics.Cons:* There's the usual silly bits of artificial blocks that are endemic to puzzle/adventure games:i. You shouldn't need power to make a metal ramp slide down its tracks.ii. You should be able to mantle over low rises and large chunks of rock.* There's this point w/ lots of plot details at the end which, unlike anywhere else in the game, you can't get back to once you pass it.* The save mechanism could be clearer - you CAN make multiple saves, by copying savegames in the ""Load Game"" window."
,Recommended,306760,25350812,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Joga,"I grew up playing Myst and Riven as a kid, so I was pretty excited when I heard Cyan was making a new game. I'm happy to report that Obductionabsolutelylives up to its expectations. It's a different game with different mechanics, but it has the samefeelingthat their previous games had - that magical sense of wonder and discovery you get when exploring the strange and fantastic places that they dream up. The puzzles themselves are logical and you get a great sense of satisfaction when you figure them out. It's also one of the prettiest games I've ever played, with practically every screenshot being desktop wallpaper-worthy material.Even if you don't have any nostalgia for the old Myst games, Obduction is a fantastic puzzle adventure game that easily stands on its own."
,Recommended,306760,29626821,Posted: 1 February,all,belboz99,"Obduction scratched that itch for a Myst-style game I've had for a while pretty well.Things I liked... fresh story reigntites that sense of being lost, of not knowing what's going on.  Some rather novel gameplay elements added to the depth of the puzzles.  Kind of like that first time playing Portal, had a few ""woah"" moments.  The puzzles had a good variety.  Some relied on real-world problem solving, some relied on more abstract thought, some were more logical.Things I didn't like as much... retracing a lot of footsteps... a few of the clues were a bit obscure, especially for the ""happy"" ending.  An NPC does things, makes changes to the game world without the player being made fully aware, added to confusion."
76561197960933650,Recommended,306760,25215763,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Schmaefe,"This is a puzzle/exploration game created by the makers of Myst and Riven. It definitely feels like it! It's brought forward in time a few decades since the early CD-ROM era of the 90's with modern graphics and simplified FPS controls rather than the traditional point and click of Myst.The developers did a good job creating a mysterious story/setting that captivates without beating you over the head with tons of cut scenes or endless snippets of ""lore"" in the form of books/videos/audio clips etc that are common in many other games. The few bits and pieces of story that are fed to you are well done and do a good job of setting the mood. Overall I liked the story and really dug the retro Myst vibes the game had to it.The puzzle complexity is probably more similar to Myst than the devilishly hard Riven. I found most of the puzzles to be pretty straight forward, and might have actually liked them to be a bit harder. Unfortunately, the most interesting puzzles also leaned on a game mechanic that involves a non-trivial loading screen that has to be waited through frequently. This made solving a few of the puzzles pretty boring! The game took me about 12 hours to solve at a pretty laid back pace.Technically speaking, the game is very well made with no bugs or crashes experienced in the time I played. Graphics were good and performance was solid throughout even with maxed settings (though I played on a GTX 1080, so others may have a different experience).With all that said, the game is definitely not a ""must play"" game. It's good for what it is (a Myst-like puzzle game) -- but it doesn't do much to add to or expand the genre at all, and the puzzles in the original Myst/Riven are probably a little more creative than what Obduction has to offer. I would only recommend this one to people that totally loved Myst and/or Riven and want to relive the glory days of the CD ROM era puzzle game."
,Recommended,306760,25189035,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Anna,"This game is really really good.Graphics are demanding, but absolutely stunning, this is probably the prettiest game I've ever seen. Both in art style as well as graphical fidelity itself.But most importantly the puzzles are awesome. It's a real joy to actually find the puzzles around you, solving more as the game progresses, unlocking shortcuts and getting surprises all along the way. I don't want to spoil too much in this review, but there's a lot to explore.Absolutely one of my favorite games of the year so far.If you like puzzle games, go get this game now!"
76561198043909370,Recommended,306760,29814489,Posted: 9 February,all,Redman,"Most of the puzzles in this game are decidedly lame when compared to previous Cyan games. A fair few are really clever, but the majority of them are simplistic and cumbersome. That being said, though, the exotic visuals and design of this game is nothing short of incredible, and the story's not half bad, either. I had a lot of fun with it."
76561198028088308,Recommended,306760,30095827,Posted: 22 February,all,Tim,"If you like slow-paced, beautifully crafted and atmospheric puzzle games this game is a must buy. I really enjoyed the old myst games as a child and this game also got me playing those again.One thing that really bugs me though is that the invert y-axis feature is implemented in a strange way. Once you go in cursor mode the invert y-axis switches back to normal. This also applies when you use a controller which is even more weird.However, this is a minor annoyance that no way spoils this masterpiece!"
76561198125610961,Recommended,306760,28548491,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,MorrowsAtHome,"Obduction is a very mediocre puzzle game.  My favorite thing about it was that the environments were absolutely gorgeous.(Warning:  I do spoil puzzle and story mechanics in the following sections.  You have been warned).Here are my negative thoughts about it:1.  The puzzles were not that great.The Rhem series has better (and harder) puzzles than these ones.  There were not enough combination puzzles, and there are too many puzzles that involve manipulating things in the environment, such as using laser beams to destroy certain things, activating machinery, and the like.  The hardest puzzle for me was the cryo chamber puzzle in Maray.  This was a good puzzle but the satisfaction of it was ruined somewhat by the fact that you had to exit the chamber to see whether you had completed the puzzle or not.  A puzzle I didn't enjoy was extending the alien bridges in Maray and Hunrath.  I didn't really understand the mechanics of said puzzle but was able to just mess with it until I completed it.  There was one mechanic that was completely overused, and that was the swapping mechanic.  The swappers are like the Obduction equivalent of Myst linking books, but instead they trasport a sphere of the landscape from one world to the next.  You have to use them to do things like remove obstacles, make a bridge, and complete an extremely annoying maze.  Add to that, that the loading times for the swapping between worlds weren't great, and this was probably the worst puzzle mechanic in the game.  I was also annoyed by the fact that way back in August of 2014, Cyan released a video which said that they were hoping for a much greater level of object interaction, and that they could hide clues to puzzle on or inside of objects that you could pick up (here is the link to the video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D_ivzOvzw4).  There was only one clue hidden on an object, and it wasn't in a hidden compartment with a combination lock or anything like that.  Instead it was on a sticky note stuck to the bottom of the object.  The only puzzles which required combinations of some sort to solve them were the cryo chamber puzzle and the puzzles for extending the alien bridges, the puzzle to open the backdoor of the farmhouse, the puzzle to open the mayor's office, and the rotary phone puzzle (which was actually a good puzzle).  All of the other puzzles had to do with tinkering with various things in the environment.  I understand that the developers wanted to make this an easier game that more people could finish, but the ingenuity and creativity of the puzzles in this game was just too watered down to really appeal to me (although there were a couple good puzzles, don't get me wrong).2.  The story was not that good at all.Early on in the game, you meet a man named Cecil who goes by the nickname of C.W.  He tells you the main steps you have to do (in a nutshell) to complete the game, instead of letting you figure out everything for yourself.  In my opinion this spoils some of the story.  It always leaves you wondering ""what's going to happen when I complete X,"" And when you do finish X, you go back to him, and he tells you to do something else.  This continues until Obduction ends, and this spoils a good bit of the discovering you have to do during the game.The story involves a big conflict between multiple worlds, but there was only one scene in which I could actually see fighting going on, and that was from a distance.  Also, when I finally got to the end of the game, the correct ending didn't occur as an option to carry out until I had already discovered the incorrect ending.3.  There is an entire world in Obduction that is completely devoid of anything puzzle related.During the Kickstarter campaign for Obduction, the final stretch goal was $1.7 million USD (this goal was never reached). One of the things this goal would have allowed them to add was an additional world.  I remember reading in 2014 that they had 3 worlds that they were going to put in the game.  However, in the final game they appear to have added the final world, but just kept it as bare as they possibly could because they didn't reach the final stretch goal.  In my opinion, puzzles are the lifeblood of games like Obduction, and if there aren't going to be any puzzles in a rather large area, that area is somewhat of a waste of time to finish and shouldn't be in the game at all.________________________________________________________________________________The reason I chose to recommend this game is because it is not all bad.  It is worth going through once, as the puzzles aren't bad.  They just aren't really great.  If I was to buy this game again, I would get it when it is on sale."
76561198086717929,Recommended,306760,25500838,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,zuny,"Cyan did it again.They created a game in which you totally forget everything around you.Fantastic, almost photo-realistic graphics full of life, an easy and comfortable navigation, an alien soundscape and soundtrack, intelligent, demanding puzzles and a really interesting new story.Sometimes it was not always clear to me what to do next - a few more story details would have been nice in my opinion. Overall, Obduction is a beautiful and mind-blowing game. It is not a reissue of Myst and Riven, but as soon as I entered the first world Hunrath, I instantly fell in love with the new environment and wanted to explore every single corner in this huge and complex world. I had a similar feeling when I first played Myst, and that's why I think Cyan is a very special team. I am looking forward to playing more games like Obduction in the future!"
,Recommended,306760,28855376,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,pwned,"Really enjoyed Obduction, the puzzle difficulty and pacing was great - only got truly stumped once or twice. A++ would play again *wipes brain*"
,Recommended,306760,25123610,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Superfly Johnson,"I don't have too much to say as I don't even know how far into the game I am myself. However, in the first three hours of playing I have had a lot of fun. Myst is one of my favorite games, and I feel like this game has been very faithful. Please, do yourself a favor and play Obduction if you enjoy solving puzzles and getting lost in an eerie and abandoned world."
76561197984820498,Recommended,306760,25241441,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Giaddon,"Gotta get another thumbs up on here.Obduction is an incredible example of what a small, talented team can do when powered by a common vision. The sound, visuals, mood, and design unite into a powerful, transporting experience. The world of Obduction is a wonder. You owe yourself to experience it."
76561198064801030,Recommended,306760,25256736,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,kronulous,"Fantasic gameplay, mediocre to bad acting, abrupt and confusing ending.Unfortunately it seems like it needed about another 3-6 hours of play it really flesh out the story they were shooting for.Fortunately the gameplay makes up for the rest, but don't expect it to blow your mind at the end."
76561198147336090,Recommended,306760,25116031,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Releeshahn,"when the mimimum specs for this game was announced I was gutted as my rig is slightly below the minimum specs- in most things actually - but I do have a ssd. I very nearly decided not to purchase this game but am I glad I did!!! I play it on its highest graphics settings and for me anyway it runs fine - not brilliant but certainly acceptable. Now thats out of the way this game is awesome ! cyan never disappoint so I KNEW this would be a fab game in all aspects. I've only just begun this game so carn't say much more but if you are a fan of myst like games then get this -its a must. I carn't wait to play the game later when it gets dark. After playing for a while I can highly recommend it even more now. It reminds me of uru in many ways -even down to the sounds- but better.UPDATE: after putting in about 23 hours of gameplay I can see now more clearly that this game is a true masterpiece. I got stuck a few times but in order to solve them you have to learn more about the story (which is unusual in games) and NOT just knowing what notes go with which puzzle (which most games of this genre tend to rely on.) you will understand what I mean when you play it.  There isnt much music in the game but I like that as continous ALL the time monotonous music gets meaningless after a while not to mention irritating. The music that there is comes as you have made an important breakthrough. Again I like that. Alot complain of low frame rates and slow loading times YOU NEED A SSD . Luckily I bought one not so long ago. I have a well below spec graphics card a gtx550 ti 1gb yet even on medium settings I can get on average 40 fps although it CAN go up to 50 but also as low as 20. This is NOT an action game so isnt much of a problem. To me its every bit as good as all the other myst games but as someone mentioned because we have become aclimitised to adventure games we know how to play them but we didnt when myst first came out because of that  maybe some of the ""puzzles"" may be too easy. However there were others that weren't. I carnt understand the negative reviews AT ALL that some poeple make about this game (not including tech difficulties) but they probably criticise everthing anyway. Some complain of too much walking but There would be ALOT less running around if you clearly thought it out where you are going and where you NEED to be next to make further progress. Keep a mental map of where everything is (there ARE maps around but  werent really needed)  fully absorb yourself and pretend you are actually there. Its what I do and Im thoughroughly (whoops! excuse the spelling!) enjoying this game EVRY bit as much as the masterpiece's of myst, riven, myst exile, myst revelation, myst end of ages and uru complete chronicles.ITS ENDING FINALE : comes too sudden I was wishing for more but left me thinking: will there be a sequel? some story holes but maybe they are deliberetely there for you to ponder over? I dont know."
76561198241160866,Recommended,306760,25616256,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Fensterbanker,If you enjoy Dream-like adventures then this is worth much more than other games that cost nearly twice as much
,Not Recommended,306760,33298479,Posted: 5 July,all,Borgnine,"The first couple hours are fantastic as you explore a strange new world and try to figure out what happened. The problem is the entire mystery is revealed about half way through, so all you have to look forward to for the next several hours is busywork, awful loading times, and hard crashes. Which is why I stopped playing."
76561198313745477,Not Recommended,306760,35059817,Posted: 19 September,all,_00_,"It's a great looking game but has massive issues. I got about five minutes in and it crashed at optimized levels. I have a i7-7700/1080ti/64gddr4RAM and I still had to uninstall and reinstall. Playing at recommended settings its a great looking environment but again, glitches everywhere.Got further into the game and a glitch caused me to land in an area with no escape because I hadn't completed the necessary steps to be there. Due to autosaves and that I had been playing through right to this point I was forced to quit with the only option of starting from scratch.It looks great but it's really not engaging enough to to start over.The Solus Project is more interactive/the puzzles are about the same basic challenge and the environment is just as well rendered for the most part."
,Recommended,306760,25179259,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Giftshop,"Play Myst, Riven et al first. Obduction is by no means a bad game but neither is it Cyan's greatest work yet.Obduction's puzzles are iterative of Myst's approach to design more than any of its sequels. That is they more often than not involve finding the square peg for the square hole. Bar the final puzzle Obduction lacks any kind of challenge that feels substantial. I found getting stuck more often involved not noticing a sidepath or interactive object, not trying to get to grips with a bizarre piece of machinery.The story is not without its contrivances, from the beginning you are introduced to a character who understands how almost everything works, and has every reason to help you, but chooses not to simply because Obduction wouldn't be much of a puzzle game if he told you everything.The game performs extremely poorly on low to mid end hardware and in spite of that isn't pushing the envelope in the graphical department. Load times in certain areas are extremely long. The system for taking and viewing ingame screen captures (for not taking) is clunky, buggy and very limited; steam's built in functionality is only inferior in the need to alt tab."
,Recommended,306760,26237984,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Gargaj,A masterfully crafted puzzle game.
,Recommended,306760,25168945,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Marked One,"Remember running around Myst and Riven with the feeling of having no idea what you're doing while being paranoid something is watching you? Well, if you enjoyed that you'll love Obduction. Just by coincidence, it's made by the same developer! Cyan studios has finally released another game after a decade and they really nailed the feeling of Myst and Riven spot on. Not only is this game beautiful, it is captivating in every sense of the word. It's easy to get completely immersed in this game and play for, lets say, 15 hours before realizing oh, I need to sleep because I have to be an adult in the morning.You won't need a full notebook like you did in Myst and Riven, but you will need a few sheets of paper to write down various things you may find useful. Each puzzle you unlock is a rush, until you hit another one and then realize you are terrible at puzzle games. True to it's former glory, the game has no hand holding, and drops you into a very weird, alien world which you are expected to learn the ins and outs. There's even a new number system you will become familiar with. Don't stress it though, it's very simple to learn and even has something of a translator!The gameplay is solid and even features a free roam or point and click type exploration style depending on your preferred style. Walking around is smooth interacting with objects is quite easy. The graphics are nicely optimized and amazing. My FPS is stable and rarely dips playing on a FX-8320 4GHz CPU & AMD XFX 280X 2GB GPU except for when warping (you'll understand when you do it). There is some slight pop in textures but rarely encountered these. The music is oddly captivating, and hits the nail on the head in almost every location. I love the fact Cyan still uses real live action actors to play NPCs like the previous entries, and they do it flawlessly as well.Seriously, if you enjoyed Myst & Riven, grab this. If you haven't played them, don't worry, you can pick this up and enjoy it if you enjoy soft exploration with puzzles.  Just remember, if you see numbers, you might want to write them down. Just in case!"
76561198012243062,Recommended,306760,26756989,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,The_mossman85,Remember in Riven when you had to learn number systems to solve complex puzzles?That's in this game too.9/10
76561198028774989,Recommended,306760,26709856,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,vdhoogt,"Well this game was very fun to play and that's all that counts! The graphics and sounds are good, even though I've an old PC that forced me to play at 'medium' settings. I did like free roam mode more than the point and click mode from the previous games like Myst. The puzzels are good, not too difficult. Once you think you might be stuck, it will not take long before you see a new angle :).One small negative side note: I finished the game with only 13 out of 15 achievements. The last 2 achievements have, in my humble opinion, very little connection with the gameplay and as such they do not really fit in the Myst, Riven, ... legacy.Conclusion: I strongy recommend this game for everybody that liked the Myst series and for everybody that likes a good challenge in connecting the dots."
,Recommended,306760,25263485,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,fungusdude4,"Obduction is a fantastic game, but I have to start out with a few caveats:First of all, this is a very graphically demanding game. I played it with pretty low specs and got less than 30 FPS, even on the lowest settings available. The game still looked gorgeous, but very choppy. If you can't get past those issues, I would make sure you at least meet the minimum requirements. Second, there are bugs. Some are game-breaking, but I never encountered any of these. Others make the game somewhat less playable. Text is difficult to read, and sometimes not even rendered properly. There is a way to take photos in game, which would be useful, but it is also bugged. Thirdly, the Steam overlay and achievements currently do not work, but this is fairly minor. Finally, some load times in the game are very long and unfortunately there are a lot of loading times in this game, though not all are so long. If these would ruin your enjoyment of the game, I would recommend waiting for updates and optimizations. The developers are aware of many issues and are working on them.Anyway, review time. I'll try to make this as spoiler-free as I can. As for myself, I have played through Myst, Riven, and Exile, all requiring occasional or frequent use of a walkthrough (Looking at you, Riven). Surprisingly, I didn't need that much help to finish Obduction, and this was mostly due to things I had missed or overlooked.Obduction has been billed as a spiritual successor to the Myst franchise and is even made by Cyan, the original development team. Fortunately, it largely delivers on that promise. The worlds are vast, intricately detailed, distinct, and appropriately atmospheric. The puzzles are very reminiscent of Myst's, for better or worse. Lots of switches, levers, and locked doors. For the most part, these are steadfastly logical and fair. Some of the difficulty comes from an important component of a puzzle being just out of view or a bit too subtle. Again, Cyan employs the use of videos of real people to play its main characters. Unlike the Myst series, excluding RealMyst, Obduction allows the player to explore the worlds freely, much like modern first person games. I believe this is the intended way and it works very well. There's plenty of sightseeing to do in this adventure. For point-and-click purists, there's an option to navigate between pre-defined points with panoramic views, a la Exile. I only used this a little bit early in the game, so I can't really comment on its effectiveness.Speaking of views, the art direction in Obduction is fantastic. The worlds have a real sense of believability to them and it's easy to tell that a lot of care and effort has gone into crafting them, even on my low-spec machine. Rarely is any detail overlooked. Unlike it's predecessors, the game is rendered in real-time. Trees and rivers are fully animated and there are atmospheric effects that really help Obduction feel like a modern high-end game. At the same time, it manages to feel very aesthetically rooted to the Myst series. You'll see similar themes crop up, but this is by no means a bad thing. The music is similarly beautifully done, used somewhat sparingly to add a sense of drama to the game's universe. It's also reminiscent of Myst's wonderful soundscapes.All of this does a great service to the game's world-building. Again, the team demonstrates great attention to detail. There's plenty of well-written lore for inquisitive players to sink their teeth into and for the most part, it's entirely optional. As for the story itself, it's suitably compelling and mysterious. There's some interesting characters and entities and some good suspense as well. The acting is, on the whole, very good, but the performances aren't perfect. The dialogue itself is quite well done.What arguably matters most is the gameplay, and here Cyan delivers in classic, though expected, fashion. There's a notably clear sense of underlying logic to the gameplay throughout. Obduction, for the most part, eschews the one-off tricks of Myst and instead focuses on exploring a small set of mechanics and logic systems, which provides the game with a much stronger sense of cohesion than some of Cyan's past titles. Obduction is a noticeably much more linear game than expected, but this will not be an issue for most people.Obduction is overall a great achievement, but there are some flaws. The most obvious is the pacing. The game has a good rhythm and progression seems logical for most of the adventure, but it kind of falls apart by the end. The finale comes a bit too quickly and the final areas feel like wasted potential. Along with that, the mechanics are well-developed but never get used to their fullest. Most egregious is a somewhat familiar mechanic that shows a great deal of initial promise, but is rarely used. The game's puzzle count is unfortunately a bit short. A large portion of the player's time is used navigating the sparse environments for elements to interact with. Even the navigation itself can become rather tricky, but that may just be me. Some of Cyan's other games have made use of sound in the puzzles, but this is sadly missing from Obduction.Overall, Obduction is a solid game and will likely be an audiovisual treat for those who can see it in all its glory. a few shortcomings doesn't keep Cyan's new captivating universe from delivering a stellar experience."
76561197992814127,Recommended,306760,25280777,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Potshot,"If you played Myst or Riven - you will absolutely love this game.  Especially if you have a nice gaming rig to crank the graphics up to the highest level.   It's an experience, don't do yourself a disfavor by watching a walk-through for this game.  I played the game through entirely with exploration, it's frustrating at times and it's MEANT TO BE THAT WAY!   Look, Learn, Solve, and enjoy the immersive world that this game has presented you!"
,Recommended,306760,25128680,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,BlackSoul,"Wow, just wow...At first you would think it's another Walking Simulator with fantastic Unreal Engine 4 graphics and awesome world design.But the more you dive into the game the more you realize it's a puzzle, big puzzle, and not an easy one.If you like using your brains and imagination it's a game for you.After finishing the gameWhat's said above remains true, indeed it was a big puzzle, sometimes very challenging and with different possible outcomes.The only con probably was the length of game, if there are DLCs will definitely get them."
76561197971183871,Recommended,306760,26574333,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kwisatz Haderach,"The best puzzle/Adventure game I have played in a while. I've played most of Cyan's games all the way back to the original Myst (played both realMysts as well).  The graphics were excellent, I turned off HDR pretty quick which seems to be a default setting.  There are still bugs, crashed twice during my play through.  Camera seems to work like a real camera from the viewpoint of photos coming out dark when in a low light situation.  This made using the camera for notes reference difficult.  People may consider this a spoiler, so I will lable it as such, but it does reference a bug..The russian machine is buggy as well, cursor does not align to the button, which is painful when the code being entered is 20 digits.  This is not necesary for the endgame, but only for an achivement.  Not worth the effort.Even with these issues, I loved the game and highly recommened it."
,Recommended,306760,32167287,Posted: 3 June,all,mongonerd,"Wonderful game, Cyan! While I loved the game, beautiful and rich in lore, there are a few gripes I have with the game.1) Free roam mode does on occasion get stuck on terrain, forcing you to switch to point and click mode.2) Loading times.  While I am running this on a WD black, it still has loading times just long enough to break the immersion on where you put them.3) While the transitioning I realize is hiding a loading time, it makes certain puzzles almost unbearably monotonous, having to switch nearly constantly back and forth. Otherwise the puzzles were well crafted, with plenty of clues to find the solution.With all these gripes, I still recommend the title partly from the nostalgia factor (I played all of the Myst games), but mostly because it is a gorgeous and well crafted title"
,Recommended,306760,25222482,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Gamer_Kought,"Cyan is back, and they've still got it. The game is a huge love letter to all the fans of the Myst series, but with a fresh new take. The story was intriguing, the puzzles were excellent (for the most part), and the worlds you explore are absolutely gorgeous.The only issue I had with the game is that some of the puzzles towards the last part of the game were very time consuming, as they involved going through multiple loading screens, and lots of backtracking.Overall though, I am more than pleased with Obduction. I'm super thrilled that it is a Kickstarter game that lived up to everything it promised, and then some. If you have any interest in adventure games, you should definitely pick this one up."
,Recommended,306760,25187072,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Calcifer,"A really hard puzzle game with beautiful atmospheric landscapes. If you love Riven or Myst, then you'll love Obduction!"
,Recommended,306760,25131397,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Twitch,"A fantastic game, and proof that Cyan can still make games as well as they used to. The environments are beautiful, the puzzles are well thought out, the lore is deep, it has everything that we've come to expect from these great devs."
,Recommended,306760,25123940,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Xaviens,"One hell of a ride! A few little glitches here and there, but definitely worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,306760,25189806,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,torquemadaza,"Edit: 90% is great... last 10% is a little rough.Yes! Yes! Yes! The Cyan boys have done it again.The puzzles are clever.The world building is top notch.The intrigue is palpable.The dialogue is well written.It's fantastic.FMV people in 3D environments like it's 1994.It's Myst/Riven level good. If you never played those, you're in for a treat.Take your time with it. This isn't something to rush.Resist walkthroughs online. It's all logical or you just didn't look carefully enough.Always fun to do with a loved one/friend as two brains are better than one.Get a note book, you'll need to draw maps, and take notes - just like the old days.Be prepared to back track, and stay alert.Two minor cons:1) the load times between worlds. Install on a solid state if you can.2) the photo feature (take a pic of your environment for note keeping) is borked. thumbnails don't match. i'm finding it easier to take a pic of my tv with my phone.Edit: I finished. Stop reading if you'd like to play, there may be some unintended SPOILERS in the next paragraph.SPOILERS: It was very good 90% of the way through. The last world, the bleeder, the narrative intrigues, and the clues to your ultimate choice... could all have been done better. It fell a litle flat. The choice in Myst, and how it plays it, is far superior to the one told in this tale. The good far outweighs the bad, but the last 10% of the game, isn't nearly as evocative as the first 90%."
,Recommended,306760,32274672,Posted: 8 June,all,Andi,"Obduction is a first person puzzle game that utilizes unique mechanics couple with mysterious landscapes. This game has the same Myst-like feeling when you land in Hunrath, the first stop on your adventure. As before, you don't know where you are or what to do, but the more you explore the more answers you acquire. You soon realize that there are different races that have been brought here (where ever here is) along with their technology, so each world you visit is literally another world.Pros:The graphics are exceptionalGood story-lineWell optimizedSuperb ambianceGood mix of puzzles from easy to hardBrings back FMVCons:Stutters or lags[At the time of this review] One broken achievementThere was a great mix of puzzles ranging from easy to hard, but nothing to hard.  Also, there are multiple ways to gain access into the same areas.  For example, I solved the phone puzzle before getting into the office. This is an unintended solution but a solution nonetheless. The graphics are spectacular, the story is solid, and you'll want to read everything you find because it could help you make the right decision when the time comes.The only real problem I had with this game was the fact that it does stutter or lag. It doesn't stutter consonantly, but it's enough to take notice.  Even when I changed the graphics to its lowest setting, it still lagged but it was a little better.At the time of this review, Obduction was selling for $29.99.  Despite the lagging problem, this game is well worth it in my opinion."
,Recommended,306760,32345369,Posted: 11 June,all,@Dicky Spanish,"VR reviewI'm just not sure on this one, it's interesting but at the same time frustrating. Runs like a 3 legged dog dragging an obese person behind them that had a heart attack after finally walking 5 steps continuously. I've tried different settings and medium for all with 1.5 SS old scale seems to work and look fine with my GTX 1080/ 6600k OC 4.4 16gb setup.Anyway apart from that the puzzles are ok, the story is ok and the controls are barely ok. Had touchpad movement on but the 3 legged dog dragging the by now rotting corpse kept passing me. It was just so slow to get anywhere and there was no run or anyway to speed it up that I could see. So I gave in and went teleport which was touchy at best, but at least I got around quicker.The collision control was just a black screen until you backed up, this was as annoying as hell. I hate this in VR games I prefer push back to this. The game is still interesting it's just not a good VR version and needs someone who knows about VR and what works to work some magic with it.It's not a great VR game, hell it's hardly a good VR game but there is enough in it to draw me back and I'll probably finish it even with all the annoying problems.I'm giving this 5 rotting obese corpses out of a cream bun which is just a recommended pass but only for those who enjoy frustrating themselves."
,Recommended,306760,29902889,Posted: 13 February,all,dscx,"I loved obduction. I haven't played a ""Myst-Like"" game in many years, but this revitallized my love for the genre. All in it took me about 13 hours to complete, but I had some help on some puzzles.PROS:- Absolutely beautiful. Ran wonderfully at 4k.- Interesting story with some choice.- Good range of puzzle difficulty.- Wonderful level design, even with all the ""back tracking""- Multiple endings!- A couple, very nostolgic easter eggs for fans of the developers.CONS:- The immersion of the world is hurt by the couple occurences with the Myst-style live acted visuals of people. IMO having a real projection of a charachter in 2D was a nostalgic choice but did nothing, for me, to help the story or world building. I remedied this by simply looking another direction, but the initial reveal was jarring.- A little shortTL:DR - Fantastic experience that rekindled my love for Myst-like adventure games. Well worth the entry price."
76561198047752745,Recommended,306760,25133825,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Boognish,"from the absolutely nothing that I have seen of this game I think it is excellent. The graphics are great, The controls are great the environments the sounds and the overall if version of it all really put you there. also it's really a shame that people are experiencing game breaking bugs on day one. on that note I think that steam needs to do away with their binary game rating system I really don't Think it's a good way of going about the whole thing... (Haters gonna hate) and vice versa I suppose"
,Recommended,306760,33540569,Posted: 14 July,all,neema_t,"Obduction is obviously going to draw comparisons with Cyan Worlds' other games, which is fair because it shares a lot with them, but it's more than just a Myst clone. To be honest I think it's easier and the puzzles are slightly less interesting than Myst, the only times I really got stuck were when I missed something that was plainly obvious and then started thinking along the lines of ""What Would Myst Do?"" which was way, way off the mark because the solution was simpler than I thought. That doesn't mean it's not smart, some of Myst's puzzles were almost illogical after all, and if you bounced off of Myst because it was so difficult at times then you might enjoy Obduction.That feeling of making a breakthrough is still there, though, the game itself is also absolutely gorgeous (with one or two exceptions), the music is great for the most part - there were one or two tracks that had me wondering what they were thinking - and generally I had a great time with the game to the point where I spent a lot of time sightseeing and not actually achieving anything. There were a few occasions where I rounded a corner and just had to take a screenshot, it's really stunning. I won't lie, the desire to see more of the world was almost as big a motivation to keep playing as the story.There are some downsides, though:- The performance is pretty bad, I mean when you're standing still it's alright but when you start moving and the game loads sections of the world in you get frequent pauses with lots of pop-in and details rendering as you look at them.- You can't, as far as I could tell, make manual saves. On one occasion I got stuck between a movable object and a wall and the game saved at that exact point, so I had to look to the forums for a solution (but it was resolved quickly). Luckily, I don't really think there's much need to create alternate saves except for one easily missable achievement (if you care for that sort of thing), so I didn't miss it much but it would've been nice to be able to make a save of a puzzle before you do anything to it.- In addition, the old Cyan trademark in-world FMV worked well for the most part, but I can think of two occasions where it didn't look great and one where it was immersion-killingly awful. I mean, really, really bad! Most unfortunately, of those three occasions, you'll encounter one repeatedly throughout and the other two are in the last few minutes.In terms of the story, I don't want to go into it too much in case I ruin the intrigue - even writing the most obvious ""x meets y"" comparison would spoil some of it. I loved it, personally, I thought it was perfectly creepy up to a point and then when that wore off, it became more intriguing. I was sad when it ended, exactly like finishing a TV show you were really enjoying, and I really hope Cyan are working on either a sequel or a different game entirely, but I look forward to re-playing Obduction every other year (with Myst in between).All in all, if you liked Myst then you'll like Obduction, if you hated Myst... Yeah, maybe don't bother."
76561197972969203,Recommended,306760,25121476,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Baddieus,"3 hours in it's exactly what I expected from Cyan as a game in the flavor of Myst/Riven/Uru.  I do recommend it on gameplay for those that have matching expectations, however I have to say that I did expect a higher level of graphics than received (someone else posted they are ""cartoony"" and I would have to agree with that) but I love this series and will continue through on Obduction until the finish."
76561197987565903,Recommended,306760,32820212,Posted: 26 June,all,Abomination72,"A wonderful game with an eye for detail in every corner of the environment.Most puzzles are very real-life mechanical and some are quite alien but still believable within the setting of this interesting little sci-fi story.Sound, gfx, music is all great but pacing is quite slow. You'll be walking/running for ages going left and right to find new pathways to open and there's a lot of 'teleporting' involved so my advise is to take your time and enjoy the scenery.There's a bit of a problem though. Some parts of the world require several seconds of loading time, even on fast SSD's. And this can break immersion since it also happens while you're walking or running through certain corridors. And when that happens, trying to keep running might crash the game. Too many teleportations also seem to crash the game occasionally. Fortunately, the auto-save feature is very robust and occurs quite regularly without you noticing it.Even with the small issues mentioned above, it's still definitely worth it in my opinion.A great experience. 8/10."
,Recommended,306760,28478794,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ringrustig,"This is an honest review from someone who completed the game, did most achievements, and didn't cheat by looking at hints.Despite some flaws, it is very well deserving of being called a ""Successor to Myst"".(SMALL SPOILERS AHEAD)An important con of this game is its freeroam style of movement. Without it, this would've taken twice as long to complete.It was also very addicting, not one time during my playthrough did i want it to end, at times i struggled to tear away from the computer because i wanted to progress so badly.Pulling pararells from Myst, the experience has not felt any different, other than me being able to look up and admire the view wherever i wanted.The world is STUNNING! Some areas were mindblowingly beautiful.When it comes to the puzzles, i think they could've been harder, most were easy to figure out if you thought about it logically, some i even figured out before i even got to them.I recall Myst having much more difficult puzzles, even then, they were logical, but more complex.However, it was nice to feel like i progressed from time to time, without being stuck for hours, there was always something i knew i had or could do, and the puzzles and clues transitioned very well into each other.Another negative about the puzzles, or more specifically, the labyrinth puzzle, is the loading times when teleporting. Although the puzzle was easy for me, I spent more time teleporting, than actually trying to figure out how it was supposed to be solved.There was an awful lot of running back and forth as well, not that i feel like it took away anything, mostly because the environment was so nice, but it did get repetitive after the tenth time of passing through the same area just to switch orbs back and forth.I would've liked a lot more code based mechanical puzzles, rather than teleporting.While it was neat, there was too much of it.And as said, the sudden loading screens, like when entering the tree trunk, were annoying, and i did crash twice when going down there.Now, i understand that this game is not supposed to be rushed, which i didn't do to begin with, it's just that i'd rather play the game than sitting in loading screens, heh.There were a lot of useless clues and items in the game that didn't have anything to do with the story, like the box of infinite possibilities, the number 1413, bunch of toys you could pick up with useless numbers on them, and the last notes in the last book in the game with a Villein nummeric system combination.Story and plot wise, it was very good. Sure, i could predict some events here and there, but it was still a solid story.Also, +1 for really cheesy acting by Robyn Miller, as always, brings back some good old nostalgia feel.The game could've been better optimized as well. Though, obviously, the game is very advanced coding wise, and i don't know how it could've been done any differently, in any case, i can't be bothered thinking about that, all in all, it's really well done, but not well optimized.Conclusion: Stunning visuals, good story, okay puzzles.I hope this is not the end of Cyan's puzzle game making career, i hope it's just a new beginning, because I WANT MORE! :)Thank you for the lovely experience."
,Recommended,306760,25121338,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,SirMurksALot,Excellent sequel to MYST and Riven.  Please make more! 11/10
76561197993295018,Recommended,306760,25158583,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Lofll,"Pros:+ Despite being 3d free roam, it's not cluterred with mechanics it doesn't need. There is no platforming (can't jump or climb) and no combat. No iventory either (indicates confidence puzzle design - no ""try everything with everything"".) You can only move and interact.+ Narrative and setting so far is interesting and engaging.+ The mechanisms in this game _make sense_. Levers aren't just set in the floor connected to random gears like dark souls. You can see what it's connected to, and what effect pulling it would have. An incredibly detailed world - absolutely everything is there for a reason.+ No obscure random WTF deductions required so far, but the puzzles are not too easy either.+ Graphics look great. A good fit for the unreal 4 engine. Lots of cool effects in play already. No performance issues for me.Cons:+ A bit buggy on release. Camera feature is laggy and some photos cannot be clicked on. Seems to be getting worse as I take more photos. edit: camera issue is fixed nowStrongly recommend for fans of the genre!"
,Recommended,306760,34255972,Posted: 15 August,all,jeff.hughes,"Obduction is a fantastic game with a very similar feel to the original Myst games. It's a worthy successor for sure. The visuals are stunning, and the experience is smooth and immersive -- though I did have some occasional issues with stuttering in a few sections. You might need to play with the graphics settings to find the right spot to let the game run smoothly.This game has an excellent story, and part of the joy of the game is figuring out the physics of this strange world you're in. I found the story interesting, though it was less gripping to me than the Myst series. I think a large part of the reason for this is that the central conflict in Obduction is about groups of people, while the Myst franchise always had a very personal conflict -- e.g., between Sirrus and Achenar in Myst 1, or between Saavedro and Atrus in Myst 3. In Obduction, you meet one character, and you read the writings and watch recordings of a couple others, but you never form much of a connection to any of them. The story is about the interplay between groups. Which makes it interesting, but perhaps less intimate.The puzzles I thought were well-done overall. There is one large puzzle in particular that is a challenge, but I found it to be very clever and so I wasn't too put off by it.I highly recommend this game. But take your time with it! It's not a game that should be rushed through. I managed to finish the game in 12 hours, and I'd consider 10-15 typical. But there are a lot of notes to read that really help with the story. The story is pretty clearly laid out within them, but you might not understand exactly what the notes mean at the beginning. So take pictures of them (using the camera function in-game), and periodically re-read the notes as you progress through the game. It will help you understand much better what's going on in this strange world. And keep an eye out for places where your decisions might have an impact on the ending -- you'll want to experiment to make sure you find a pleasant solution."
76561197970665184,Recommended,306760,25122628,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Zebassis,"Wonderful game. Fantastic atmosphere! Puzzles actually make sense, unlike some other games where you end up doing something illogical. :)"
76561198119128251,Recommended,306760,25422329,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Candyman,I'm almost finished with the first puzzle!
,Recommended,306760,25128790,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Pineapples,"If you enjoyed any of the Myst games, you absolutely have to play this game. That's all you need to know."
,Recommended,306760,25213176,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,T_S_Kimball,"Short Review:Recommended with (very minor) caveats.  Still 150% worth getting if you liked Cyan's other games.Semi-Long Review:So, I started as normal, taking the atmosphere in as intended.  Nearly panicked at first because the beginning had a feeling similar to Dear Esther (which I have mixed views about), but that was just part of an interactive pre-game intro.Then I met the greeter you see at the launch trailer.  He says 'hello' in multiple languages - including D'ni (Shorah) - which was a colloquial greeting used in Uru's multiplayer (one I've taken with me to other MMOs).  As someone who goes back to the Uru 'Accounting Error' days in early 2004, I found that very touching.I'm only 5 hours in, and about to exit Hunrath (with the real meat of the game starting shortly), but only because I'm doing what I normally do in games like this - play 'tourist' and wander everywhere, enjoying the game for its world.  :)  I was also being severely dense in spots, but overall I've been doing well in uncovering the various puzzles on my own.  If comparing with the Myst games themselves, so far its been easier than Riven, but not severely so.  But this is certainly far, far different.Performance:- Original rig started as i5-3570K (Z77 chipset), Win7 x64, Geforce 650 Ti, and a Plextor PCIe SSD for the install.  This game really needs that SSD if you want older hardware to not bog you down; It allowed me to run Medium settings just fine.- I have since bumped the vid card to Geforce 950, which mostly helped with smoothing out a few rough edges.  Some transitions appear to have gotten faster too, but not sure yet.- My biggest mistake with the rig is what I didn't mention yet:  Main HDD is a WD Blue (value disk).  That's been offset as needed by the above SSD, but I plan on replacing that HDD next.Caveats:Controls:Main issue I've had is the PC keybinds.  WASD itself is fine, but mapping a camera to 'spacebar' (in a game that sometimes looks and feels like an FPS environment) has been a problem.  Been taking photos by sheer accident, because I want to jump.  :)  Re-mapping this would be nice (to E or F), but that's not possible.  Cannot comment on controllers much, though there are areas that I find its easier to do in the game with one.  I've taken to using KB/Mouse and XBox controller in tandem, which is a nice plus on its own.PC Requirements:As mentioned above.  It would not surprise me if this game started 'selling' SSDs (to those who don't have them yet), the same way that Myst 'sold' CD-ROM drives back in its day.Despite the above, its still worth getting this game if you're a fan of the puzzle or exploration genres.  I can get around the oddball controls for now, and don't feel that's worth losing points over (as that can be a quirk of what games you're used to prior to this - in my case, MMOs, which included the first three iterations of Uru).One last note, as a form of 'Full Disclosure' thing.  I'm not a Kickstarter backer (though I was interested at the time).  I am, however, an older member of the Uru / Myst Online community who's been absent for several years - mostly in other MMOs.  Which is how I first learned of the game."
76561198041417526,Recommended,306760,25119331,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,zeycus,"I am a hard-core fan of the Myst Saga, games 1 to 4, I completed them all. I was waiting for Obduction and asked nothing more than a similar concept, with the graphics that you would expect in a brand-new game. To put it simply, it is all that, and more.The quality and beauty of sceneray is breathtaking, Gameplay strongly reminds me of the Myst Saga (which is just what I was hoping). We start playing clueless and slowly find bits of random information, with which we get the picture of what has happened, and how things work. For this game I find particularly important to have a good map, so I spent some time working on it.The story itself is quite good, I love some parts, others seemed a bit week.So, the Cyan guys have done a superb job, my kudos to them.I noticed a few unimportant glitches: the photo manager has some issues, some pics are tood dark, and sometimes subtitles appeared when there was no dialog. I'm sure they are working on it."
,Recommended,306760,25117329,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Bicho,Obduction is amazing! Thank you Cyan for this beautiful game!10/10
76561198277095392,Recommended,306760,28368227,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Frenchkiss,"I have always been a Cyan fan.Here are a list of all the ones I own and played and would recommed them all.MystMyst V: End of agesMyst: Masterpiece EditionReal MystURU:: Ages beyond MystRivenManholeObductionI  was most impressed with Obduction. My favorite one yet.Obduction has the best graphics yet!!Keeps you on your toes ,and makes you use your mind a bit more...The hardest part for me was Maze... OMG took me hrs and hrs to figure that out.Good luck on that one thats all I can say."
,Recommended,306760,25117701,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Quiller,Feels like Myst in the best ways possible.
,Not Recommended,306760,30627455,Posted: 19 March,all,Lambyte,"Beautiful, but overall a frustrating, difficult experience. I had to wrestle with the interface. Long, repetetive map traversals trying to find ways to proceed. Even if your machine meets the specs, you may be unable to read vital clues written on notes in-game."
76561198031241043,Recommended,306760,25135009,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Hawkeye,"IT'S ABSOLUTELY AMAZING... I think it's most similar to the first Myst.The locked doors, scattered notes, intriguing story, science mixed interleaved with magic, and the inability to stop play makes this an amazing addition to the Myst family of games."
76561198046420234,Recommended,306760,25389658,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Chippy,Very interesting game. Great visuals aswell.
76561197971017633,Recommended,306760,25191787,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,BreadstickNinja,"I beat Obduction today with about 15 hours of playtime and I'm very satisfied. The visuals are gorgeous, the environments varied and interesting, the puzzles challenging but not so difficult that you completely run out of ideas for where to go or what to check next.There's also a really satisfying progression of the puzzle system, where you start by manipulating small, recognizable objects like buttons and levers, but where the scale of manipulation expands until you're interacting with the world in a much bigger and more consequential way.The puzzles are toned down a little bit in difficulty from Myst and Riven, but there are also opportunities for the player to make what they want of the game. Sure, you don'thave tofigure out the notation for that base-4 number system, but if you do, it saves you the time it takes to walk back to the translator, and you get some satisfaction from being able to come up with the right answers yourself.But despite being more accessible than Cyan's most difficult games, I'm really impressed at just how creative and engaging the game mechanics are. It's hard to describe without spoiling anything, but you really get to change the environment around you in a way that makes you think differently than games usually require. In that sense --- asking players to develop a new faculty that they haven't previously used in gaming --- it's reminiscent of Portal.Altogether a great game and one I wholeheartedly recommend."
,Recommended,306760,25152611,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,¡UnrealΩ,"Coming from the Creators of Myst and Riven, this game stands on it's own very well and borrows very little from it's predecessors which is a good thing. It's unique environments and wonderful ambiance meshes well with the ""take-your-time"" atmosphere as you race around and solve puzzles at your own pace. The game does have it's minor bugs (Worse being the loading bug which I did not experience but is easily redressed), it's still a very well constructed game for 30 USD.Gameplay runs about 10 hours and the puzzles take a middle ground on difficulty, none too hard or too easy to solve."
,Recommended,306760,25651836,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,CTraveler263,"9.5/10! Gameplay! Cyan hasn't lost their touch for round-about and strange thinking puzzles. Figuring out how each puzzle works and how they tie together into the whole is an incredible process- and many times I found myself saying ""Oh, geeze, that's so obvious, how did I not figure that out sooner?"" While there are a few bugs (Got stuck ontop of a door once, which was a puzzle in and of itself to get out of!), Cyan is on the ball and patching them as best as they can as fast as they can.10/10! Story! I love it when a game has a perfect ""Oh My God"" Moment that you just stumble upon and it suddenly changes your perspective on everything you've learned so far, and then when you go back and look at it again, you realize the hints were all there to begin with! Obduction has this in spades. Every time you unlock a door and get behind somewhere you once could not, you're learning something new about the story. As for the ending, the story had me going back and forth about [Spoilers!!] until one final moment when it suddenly became clear what the right choice was!11/10 Visuals!! Even on my five-or-so year old computer which couldn't handle max resolution, Obduction is a beautiful game. Cyan's legacy of making beautiful worlds that stand the test of time continues on. I can't wait for when I have a better computer and can play it on the max settings- it's sure to look even more amazing!_Calum Traveler"
,Recommended,306760,26592512,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,PicanteBeefTopRamen,"If you liked the Myst games you will probably enjoy Obduction. The puzzles are varied and interesting and make heavy use of a teleportation mechanic where you transport between different worlds. The story is creative and interesting. If you played the Myst series you will definitely notice some similarities, like the presentation of other characters through recorded video, and the general sound of Robyn Miller's soundtrack. The world is very beautiful as well, but you can tell that from screenshots.It does have at least one overly tedious puzzle, and a lot of walking and at times almost seems too non-linear due to having too many places you can go/possible outcomes from your ability to warp. That said, overall I would recommend this game to anyone who likes point and click puzzle games.There is however one thing in particular to be aware of: The game is not very well optimized so to speak. My system is not terribly powerful: (FX-6300, 7870xt, 8 gigs of ram). It does not run the game super smoothly, however I find it acceptable. The warp mechanic however means tons of loading and for me the loading can take upwards of 30 seconds. I STRONGLY recommend playing this game installed on an SSD. It is close to unbearable for me to continue playing it on my non-solid state hard drive."
76561197968571015,Recommended,306760,26594611,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,steverock,"(no spoilers)I enjoyed this overall, but it has some real flaws that you'll need to put up with. The good:- Most of the puzzles are pretty logical and satisfying. No random inventory chemistry or crap like that. They're mostly based on spatial and abstract logic.- The world is pretty awesome, visually. Looks great and unique.The bad:- There are some ""puzzles"" or parts of puzzles that just make no sense at all. Maybe there was some logic in them that I just didn't see...? Don't feel bad if you need to consult a guide a couple of times.- The world can be confusing to navigate for pretty fundamental reasons. I'd recommend keeping a pen and paper in hand to make your own map.- The load times are pretty bad. Even on my SSD. This makes the second half of the game pretty tedious.- The story is there and it's interesting, but it feels incomplete. Unsatisfying.So, if you dig puzzle games, this is a good one, but it's far from great. I'd say The Witness is great - this is just pretty good."
76561198026470865,Recommended,306760,25163732,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Myst_Island,Amazing! exactly what I hoped it would be. Spending a lot of time wondering around thinking 'where do I need to go next?' and 'I have no Idea what these buttons do!'. Which is just like the original Myst games and what I expect from Cyan. Beautiful game that makes you want to explore and really interesting story that keeps you wondering. Love it :)
,Recommended,306760,25180118,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sid,"This game is similar to Myst and Riven with the old experiences present such as reading journals and traveling between worlds. Exploration and puzzle-solving can be tedious at times due to traversing large areas and load times, but I found the overall experience enjoyable nonetheless. Difficulty will vary for each player depending upon their own experiences and thought-patterns. Though some solutions may seem to require a mental leap, everything you need to solve a puzzle is in the game.The first choice I made in this game was whether or not to press CAPS-lock. I did. Walking is a snail's pace and running is a brisk walk at the fastest. Unfortunately, the settings do not have an option for default movement speed so pressing CAPS-lock is required each time a game is loaded.The high-resolution textures are beautiful, but the audio leaves much to be desired. Although the music can be just as pleasing, the audio-recording are atrocious. Even with all sound levels set to max within game, I had difficulty hearing dialogue. After I raised my system's sound-level, I still had difficulties since the dialogue is garbled.Interacting with items and interfaces is annoying and potentially obstructive to your puzzle-solving quests.There is only one item that needs to be inspected (un!)foretunately, but it is easy to miss the note when you keep putting the object down unintentionally.The cursor is inaccurate when messing with dials or switches; interacting with one particular interface will test your patience.Stuttering is a recurring experience during gameplay regardless of graphics settings. Taking pictures, for now, can result in massive FPS drops or game crashes. If your game did not crash, you may end up with a very dark picture with significantly reduced legibility. If you need pictures, Steam's screenshot feature is a quick fix."
,Recommended,306760,25243289,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ruefrost,"This was an excellent spiritual successor to Myst and Riven. Rich world design is a gold-standard of Cyan and tells its own story. The environmentally derived puzzles also capture a sense of purposefullness hard to manufacture in a game.The Good :  Original ideas and fantastic visuals. The environment really encourages players to use their imagination to not only understand the puzzles but also the story and motives behind them. There are no puzzles that exist for their own sake.The Bad : The art direction could have been a little more polished in places; some color palettes were a bit cartoony and over-saturated, and some of the effects such as 'linking' and live-action scenes fell flat. The story was a great sketch, but lacked tension in the climax. A broader cast of characters and deeper storytelling would be a welcome addition to future titles.Hardware: No complaints on 'epic' settings. The worst issue I had was the occassional drop in frame rate, and a lag between loading areas. I'd occassionally dial down texture and anti-aliasing to bring up the frame rate. I run a GTX870M on an i7."
,Recommended,306760,25202029,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Zephyr,"Wonderful game. Super worth it. My only gripe is that some of the puzzles aren't difficult so much as they're ridiculously tedious. One of the oldest development sins is forgetting that tedious doesn't mean hard or entertaining. It means frustrating. So outside of knowing you're about to invest 10 minutes into something simply because something turns slowly or because you'll have to run in massive repetitive circles literally constantly, its a great game.If it had nausea-free VR compatibility I might would call it a mandatory experience."
,Recommended,306760,25228326,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,AnnihilateApocalypse,"If you liked Myst (or Pyst (too bad they didn't manage to develop and release the planned sequel, Driven)) you'll like this too!10/10 would be confused again.<3 Cyan"
76561197987277763,Recommended,306760,25278953,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,leetheg737,Even in it's imperfevtions it's a real work of art for lovers of eyecandy. Thanks for the art! Not just the game but a rewarder of puzzle solving mystery lovers!
,Recommended,306760,34383356,Posted: 20 August,all,NAKEV,"I ♥♥♥♥ing loved this game, and its amazing in VR. Thanks Cyan!!!"
76561197973522980,Recommended,306760,34407121,Posted: 21 August,all,xibal,"Seems like you need a rather high end PC and graphics card to get this game to run smoothly.Once you manage to get it to run smoothly, it does a very good job of scratching that Myst itch I've had for decades.Each world is unique and beautiful to behold.  Puzzles are head scratching, but not overly challenging.  One complaint, though, is the final world.  Once you enter it you literally stroll straight to the end of it without encountering a single puzzle.  So yeah, either they were waiting to hit a kickstarter goal or they ran out of development time and had to truncate it.Good return to form for Cyan."
,Recommended,306760,25354399,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Edgy McSpoon,"Obduction is a beautiful, but unoptimized game. Run it on an SSD if you can, as level loading moments are numerous.I became immersed in Obduction's world. It is filled with mechanical puzzles and devices that are all relatively comprehensive to figure out their purpose. Often large gears and mechanisms are great to study and look at from all angles, and one can find many a journal explaining the reasoning behind everything. I enjoyed the fact you can look at puzzles at different angles in a free-roaming world, as compared to Myst and Riven, where you could often miss something if you're not scouring every screen for clues. There is a fun number system one finds in the game, as well as plenty of ""hmmm"" moments while you're looking at some really nice game models. Cyan takes full advantage of Unreal Engine's particle system as the volumetric style particle effects are beautifully executed.Now for the issues: the journey to producing this game started with a kickstarter campaign, and honestly, it still feels like a kickstarter game. Undeniably the worlds that are provided in Obduction are wonderfully detailed and layered, but are hampered by some weak design choices and a brevity of story that leaves more awkwardly phrased answers than actual thought-out ideas. It still reads like a short story, even though it is a 16-20 hour game.Is it is worth playing? Yes, I would recommend it. If you have fond memories of the Myst franchise, picking up this game will be a no-brainer. Hopefully technical and optimization issues will be sorted out, but they definitely did not break the immersion I felt in Obduction, and I hope to see more of these sorts of games in the future."
76561198032834581,Recommended,306760,25124614,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Indique,"Updated Review:Well, I finished the game.  It was a little shorter than I expected, and could have had maybe extra story included as books/pages in-game, etc., maybe an extra puzzle or two (there were a few parts of the game that could have included it easily), but all in all, well worth it regardless.I don't regret buying this game in the slightest.  It had the feel expected from Cyan.  If you've played their past games, you shouldn't be disappointed.  It doesn't really have immediate replay value, as with all games of this nature, but in a year from now or so I do expect to play it again, just because (just as I have with all past Cyan games).  I don't regret the price either, it felt right for the content - it was lower than I expected, but for the content, it felt right.  I felt the ending could have been tweaked, but that's ok too.I still give this game a 9/10, although like any game, not everyone will agree.  As a Cyan fan, I believe other Cyan fans will love this game.  If you weren't a Cyan fan but enjoy puzzles, and nice graphics, you should enjoy this game as well (the sounds also make the game great, I just love the emmersion, you really ""feel"" this alternate world as more real than just a game, imho).  I suggest not rushing, as part of the feel of the game is to take your time and really look at your surroundings.  People who like to rush through games might not like this one as much.Kudos to the devs, I will definately buy a future game that Cyan releases, personally.  As a suggestion though, add more readable stuff so you not only see and feel the world (sight and sound), but learn from material read throughout - maybe material not needed for the main story / puzzles, but that give even greater emmersion as you learn more about the world you're exploring (maybe after the game ends, a chance to explore a final area with tidbits, or stuff that opens up after the story ends so you can walk around, take another look, and read what couldn't be read prior to finishing the main storyline - anyhow, just an idea).9/10--------(previous)One hour into the game, and so far, so good.If you're a fan of Cyan, you'll love the feel.  It's definately different than prior Cyan releases, and yet, it has enough of the vibe to be nostalgic.  I've bought every game since Myst, and I've never been disappointed.  I believe it will be the same with this game too.  Time will tell of course.The graphics are nice, and the scenery is well crafted.  I love that they are so creative in their projects, and don't follow any norm other than their own vibe.  This game reflects that as well.  I'm really enjoying it so far.I'll edit my review as time goes on, but I felt the need to post a positive review now because I've always been impressed by Cyan, and this game, so far, is definately up there in this style of game.  If you aren't sure about the style of game, look into their prior releases to see if you like the vibe, and expect similarly here, only with much better graphics and gameplay, imho.9 / 10"
76561197971877162,Recommended,306760,25124473,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Asses of Fire,"So far a pretty decent game.  Graphically fairly impressive with astounding sky boxes throughout.  My only beef with it is the performance.  Cyan hasn't been the best dev when it comes to stellar performance on most mainstream systems.  On my AMD system with an nvidia geforce 970 and 16 gigs of ram, I randomly get 10 fps for a few seconds before it returns to around 45.  So the performance is all over the place with hardly anything to process on screen.Other than that, its a Rand and Robin Miller game.  The makers of Myst and Riven bring you another pretty fantastical adventure game.  From my first hour, the puzzles really aren't that bad.  Pretty standard adventure fair, turning on power and re-directing water etc. etc...."
76561197970785926,Recommended,306760,25187405,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Clapper,"Just what you expect from a Myst, Riven, Uru style of game.  Try to stay away from spoilers.  If you're stuck, just come back the following day and look around some more :)"
76561198021128713,Not Recommended,306760,35227998,Posted: 26 September,all,revsophie,"i've had so many errors, and it looks like i'm stuck in the beginning. i'd not reccomend it till they get it put together. but as it's already out and such i probably will never get to see that happen.parts of the puzzles are not working, parts litterally missing. constant crashes, my saves are swiss cheese, i've deleted them 5 or 6 times so far in an attempt to get it to work. the graphical glitches i can put up with, i've played uru after all. but come on, i just bought a state of the art laptop and it crawls on this while i can play fallout 4 with almost everything maxed out. and that's a game that's got serious bugs.but this does feel a bit like mist, but it's just missing that spark that the other games had. it feels more like the developers are riding on their previoius success. can't say anything on the story though, as i've seen all of a few moments of it. it's just dissapointing.i'll probably play some more and see if i can get around this mess."
,Recommended,306760,25118648,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Thespian,"Truly amazing game. Cyan did great job again. If you like Myst, Riven and Exile, buy and play this one too. Brings back a lot of those ""where do I go now"" memories from first three games. Atmosphere is great and so is sound desing. 10/10 do recommend."
,Recommended,306760,25170544,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Lil' 2.lynns the slug-god🔫~ATH,"If you liked how DOOM recaptured the oldschool DOOM, and you also enjoyed Myst, well then you're in for a treat boio.  Or if you even ignore the first part about doom and like point and click puzzle adventure games then you'll like it.  The environment is expertly crafted and very surreal.  Realistic technology to creat fantastical contraptions and advancements in the typical, yet exellent cyanworlds manner.  The world building is just sublime, and the puzzles are difficult yet accessible.  I've already played this game for about 5 hours and I paid 30$ for it.  I can tell there is a hell of a lot more game in front of me and what i've seen so far is some of the most fun i have had in years. Nailed it. 10/10."
76561198016054425,Recommended,306760,25122632,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Baron Von Yolo,"I played for one minute and the sound of turning on a lantern had a very familiar sound byte that brought back memories from Myst and Riven. I'm not kidding, see so for yourself. I'm happy."
,Recommended,306760,25186868,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Coldkick,"Absolutely amazing, I wish I had a VR set up ready for when that version is publicly available. I can already feel how amazing it would be."
,Recommended,306760,25230772,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Empyrean,"The best aspects of the Myst series are here with challenging but fair spatial puzzles, a story that you have to work to uncover for yourself, and a little math. Kicking myself for not backing this project when it was on kickstarter."
,Recommended,306760,25503846,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,[GND] Jester,"Even though it has considerable differences compared to Myst, if you liked one you should like the other.  Puzzle-adventure at its finest.  Like Myst, Obduction breaks down barriers—it is a modern day pioneer. I have played many, many games, on many different platforms.  Yet Obduction is the one that left my jaw on the floor the most.  This is sheerly due to the environments and how they are used.Obduction shows excellence in world building just as Myst did.  It has such a detailed, believable fictional world, written in a very distinct manner.  Whereas Myst's metaphor is books taking us on a journey to another world, Obduction has its roots set elsewhere (pun intended), but the end result is spectacular in a familiar way.  The story is more complex than Myst.The puzzles are less isolated than Myst, and far more environmental in nature.  Puzzles are less ""puzzley"" or ""gamey"" than most games and are more representative of tasks one could be doing in real life, albeit with alien technology.  They all involve altering the environment in some way, often times in a very weird way.  They are fun but rather simple, not nearly as complex as Myst's puzzles but again, they make use of the environment more.  You don't just come across a puzzle and solve it right then and there, they involve traveling and world interaction.  Thus, the maps become altered significantly, ensuring that Obduction never becomes too static.My only general issue here is that like Myst, it has some synthetic limitations particularly in traveling.  Areas that look like they can be accessed (maybe you'd just have to drop down a small ledge) sometimes cannot be accessed.  These moments aren't very plausible and I feel that the levels should be designed to never induce this feeling.  Also, one character is obviously overly vague just so that you can figure out the traveling on puzzles on your own.  In reality, he wouldn't be this vague, but Cyan sort of backed themselves into a corner here.  All minor issues though.Other lifeforms can actually be seen in this game, unlike Myst.  It also uses live action recordings of people much like Myst did, cementing the idea that this is no longer due to technological limitation but rather a deliberate design choice to give Cyan games a unique style.Many remember that Myst has one part that many consider annoying (Selentic age underworld travel).  Obduction has one such moment as well, one that I found more tiresome.  Still, it's not that bad, just pay attention to what you're doing and look around.  This puzzle is known as the ""Maray maze"" if you don't know already.  There is a little switch nearby that is vital to solving it, and I didn't see it for some time.  Others have made this mistake too, but I do blame myself for this above all.Obduction is a game that so many people can enjoy, so give it a try and tell your friends about it too."
,Recommended,306760,26566130,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,xevious2,"Its a strong VR title that anyone that has played the original MYST series should experience.Completed the entire game in VR on Oculs Rift CV1, mostly using the default motion controls, glad to see they are adding more VR move waypoints as the current ones are a little confusing *why can't I move over there from here but I can from a short distance to my left?). I would like to see VIVE controller teleport move system implemented like The Solus Project for full room scale. The loading screen get in the way of the game, I see they have tried to do some dynamic loading in certain areas but since many of the puzzle rely on moving between worlds it gets a little old fast. Would like to see some more interaction with random objects, especially when tracked controller support is added (why does the one small round object that I must view the other side of it to continue the game not allow me to flip it over, while the only object I can flip over is the MYST book which I don't really need to see the other side of it?) Would be helpful to be able to view photos in game in VR as those long numbers are a little hard to punch in otherwise."
,Recommended,306760,25165063,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ImNoobCarryMe,"The king of puzzle game returns!A game with such thrilling enviroment, story and level design makes it unexpectedly addicting.A must-play for all smart gamers.Update: The later parts of the game plays unfinished and the puzzles a bit disappointing, still a decent myst game overall."
,Recommended,306760,25131992,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,CM Tony,"I can't tell you anything without spoiling the game, but I can tell you that you NEED to try this game to believe how good it is..."
76561198083834096,Recommended,306760,26207438,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Stank,If you liked Myst buy it.  I dont regret it and will buy more if they make more.  22 hours.
,Not Recommended,306760,25333462,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Amadan,It's ok. Some puzzles take a lot longer to solve than their entertainment value supports. The maze in particular is when I stopped playing since it was just so many times sitting through a load screen as you go back and forth. I'd skip the game unless you are really starving for myst like puzzles. It doesn't really respect your time.
76561198326368113,Not Recommended,306760,30744232,Posted: 25 March,all,BOT Mike,"Firs up, I need to make it clear that my comments and recommendation is related to running this game in VR mode (HTC Vive) - I bought this game after I ordered the Vive (and even before it arrived ;) because it was tagged in steam store as 'VR'.  Imagine how disappointed I was to discover that it was not even VR capable - just 'VR planned' :-(I almost applied for refund in dismay, but decided to hang on to it and wait for the VR support to come along.  So finally VR support arrived  - 'hooray'?  I thought so, but NO!Sure, there is now VR support, but holey moley, one of the WORST ports to VR I have come across yet.  Interactions are lousy (floating hands can really only interact with the world the same way a mouse click would) and movement is limited and course.  There are places where I would expect to squeeze through but can't and there are lots of places where it is possible to move beyond some apparently defined playspace where the entire scene simply turns completely black - like, ""hey, who turned out the lights?'Furthermore, the cinematic sequences where we are supposed to meet someone on the other sie of a door (for example) are flat projections instead of 'holographic' which really looks tacky and completely ruins the 'immersive' illusion of VR as a medium.I'm sure this would be an excellent game for flatscreen play (which is what it is quite obviously designed for) but playing it in VR feels like nothing more than a gimmicky hack - I would NEVER recommend this game as something that demonstrates what an amazing immersive experience that VR can really deliver - this games delivers almost none of it."
76561198068633638,Not Recommended,306760,30679608,Posted: 22 March,all,StingingRumble,"IN NON VR THE GAME ITSSRLF IS AMAZING, if you are a VR user, AVOID!!!! This is a beautiful and awesome game, but dont even bother playing it in VR the performance is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. I'll be continuing the game on my monitor. I'm on a 1080 and i7 4790k and the frame rate drops down to 50fps in some area. Async reprojetion on the vive Is on 100% of the time and completely ruins the experience... what a damn headache. This game needs to use the forward renderer with MSAA in VR or not even have support for VR. The nvidia VR works options don't even do anything at all. Like literally nothing.  It's a jittery horrible mess in VR."
76561197994458769,Not Recommended,306760,26021959,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,"Billy Bill ""The Bill"" Bill","I feel like this game has so much potential, it's all there... But it just falls sort of flat. The opening section of the game is great - It feels open, you're exploring and opening doors, a couple puzzles that involve looking at the environment and figuring things out, but after that it becomes sort of linear and annoyingly backtracky with long loading times.I feel like if the engine/world was designed to eliminate loading times, and more shortcuts were put in to get back to previously accessed areas, it would dramatically reduce the tedium in some things. There was an area where I knew what I had to do, but I realized doing said action would require at minimum 10 minutes of walking and 5 loading screens to. The ""thrill"" of knowing that I figured it out and I know what to do was killed by the upcoming tedium of actually doing it.There also just wasn't enough puzzles in the game world. I can only think of about 8 ""actual"" puzzles in the game, half of which are more of a hidden object game/find the thing you need to push. Three of the puzzles also just involved a bunch of tedious zoning back and forth (each with a 10-20 second loading screen). Again, they weren't hard by any means. The mechanism is easily figured out, but executing the solution just takes forever."
,Recommended,306760,25136768,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,HSForya,"I'm really enjoying this game so far.. Great graphics, game play like myst game but with free-roam. Puzzle at first are not so bad but they get harder as I progress, really enjoying that. I recommend this game !"
,Recommended,306760,25141593,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Spyder,"This game is a wonderful spiritual successor to Cyan's original IP, Myst,  yet a new story and universe in its own right.  And on top of that, it's a beautiful game.  I'm  a few hours in and already pulling my hair out.   Great stuff"
,Recommended,306760,25175642,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Daemon Blackflag,"I have only played this for 2 hours, but it's everything I expected it to be and then some. If you like using your brain, this game is for you."
,Recommended,306760,25139157,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Forkentiney,"Why can't every game be as detailed as this? I've been waiting for such a long time for this game to come out since I am a huge Myst and Riven fan. I got extremely hyped for it and upon launching it for the first time, and finally seeing in person what I had been so excited to see, I was satisfied. This game is quite literally everything I hoped it would be and more. It feels just like a Myst game (although it is a little easier so far) and makes me even more excited for the remake of Riven to come out. Cyan, you've obviously still got it and I think you should talk to the folks over at The Starry Expanse Project and see if you can't help them out! As a final note, Obduction is worth every cent of your 29.99 USD. 11/10"
,Recommended,306760,25202427,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,HealthyTofu,"I started up the game, played and streamed it for 14 hours straight. That is how good it is.Its wort noting that although the game provides official translations to various languages, the Simplified Chinese translations is almost terribly done.Many parts are clearly Google translated and the worse part is, some hints are completely mistranslated."
,Recommended,306760,25125068,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,outofsyncsamurai,"This is just my initial reaction.Feels just like Myst and Riven, a feel like what you hoped No Man's Sky would be.Sound and music design top notch.Puzzles are solid im sure (still working on the first one)The intro gave me chills it was so good.After 40 minutes of game play I am loving this game! It makes me perfectly happy to just explore this wonderful enviromen that has been built for this game.Cant wait so invest some serious time into this game!  I think it could potentialy be a contender for game of the year if it gets some publicity!I will be posting a full review in a few days probably in the form of a Youtube video if anyone is looking for more details and such."
,Recommended,306760,25127087,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,NavyVetPDX,"Basically Myst all over agian, but a completely different story. Theres drawings of aliens. im guessing thats who abducted you!. im already hooked. must buy!"
76561197993730319,Recommended,306760,25189972,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Medieval Knievel,"Great game! Cyan proves they haven't lost a step. Well written, with incredibly well designed puzzles. The soundtrack was good, but sparse. The scenery and sound design are like nothing else - they really nailed the atmospherics. Would be a perfect 10 if they had met the kickstarter goal to flesh out the Mofang world. It's too bad... The ending definitely suffers for its absence. But even without a real 4th world, 9/10."
76561198118567461,Recommended,306760,32957232,Posted: 28 June,all,PussyControl,"As you can see from my playtime, I haven't put many hours into the game.  I did play those hours all at once overnight until my eyes were red, and I had to stop-not because I wanted to, but because I have to be an adult now and do stupid adult♥♥♥♥♥♥like ""make good choices"".If you were a fan of Myst or Riven, this game certainly calls back to those, but the game is not a buggy mess, and it doesn't crash everytime I try to save.  It has the same open sandbox feel, and abundance of puzzles, some of which you don't even know you're solving.Hmmm, ""making good choices"" is suddenly seeming like a stupid priority..."
76561198275765203,Recommended,306760,33086761,Posted: 1 July,all,Avlen Rierden,"I was disapointed.....UNTIL SUDDENLY it felt like myst! Everything was fairly simple, just took some searching around and connecting the dots, then -- BANG! -- The nostalgia hit! Its still not myst....but its a happy substitute for now."
,Recommended,306760,25194615,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Synnoc,"I just finished this game and really enjoyed my experience.  I bought it expecting a Myst-alike, and that's what I got.  The puzzles are pretty reasonable if you're observant; I didn't have to consult a hint guide to finish the game.  There's only one thing that really disappointed me: It appears that one of the achievements is only obtainable (without cheating) if you were a kickstarter backer.  I don't mind it if backers get special perks, but don't penalize completionists.  All in all, I'll give it a solid 4 out of 5.  I liked it a lot, but I didn't love it more than life itself."
,Recommended,306760,25195352,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,List,"Better than I was expecting, although a bit short (20 hours). Couple of infuriating puzzles but nowhere near as frustrating as Riven. Waiting on VR support so I can play it again in the Rift. Only downsides are a couple of bugs that are being patched, and the very mediocre soundtrack. Absolutely worth the full price, especially if you're a fan of the Myst series."
76561197960408399,Recommended,306760,25195752,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Draakan,"Pros:The game looks gorgeous. I stopped more than once just to admire the view.Puzzles are of an appropriate difficulty and new concepts are introduced in a logical manner.Interesting 'swapping' puzzle concept.Sound and music atmosphere fits each world perfectly.A worthy spiritual successor to Myst and Riven. Brings back that nostalgic feeling from the first time you loaded up Myst.An excellent value for the price.Cons:Game feels like it ends too soon and could have been double the size with more development time. There isn't nearly as much content as in Myst or Riven to play through. Veteran puzzle solvers will finish it in at most 10 hours.Brutal system requirements. Chugs on Epic quality at 1440p on a 980 Ti. No SLI support at launch. Loading an existing game from cold boot takes minutes.'Swapping' mechanic is overused in some puzzles, especially towards the end. Each swap takes you to a new world, and it takes 20-30 seconds to load a new world. Now multiply this by at least a few dozen times for a single puzzle and you spend more time loading than playing the game, especially when you've already figured out the final puzzle solution.Some annoying bugs. The in-game picture collection feature is broken if you start deleting existing pictures. Using the cursor to select world objects is imprecise and makes solving some puzzles more difficult than it should be."
,Recommended,306760,25195262,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,KurosPassions.,f****** love it everything about it even the puzzles that driver me nut's
,Recommended,306760,25195872,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,jd1818,"Great Game at an unbelievable price!I have been a fan of the Myst games for years and have been wanting to see more from Cyan and was thrilled to see that Obduction was funded through Kickstarter.The overall gameplay is fluid except for a small issue with the in game camera as of 8/27/26 (without the hotfix). As of now I have decided to use my phone to take pictures of the screen to make sure that I will be able to get to the picture when I need it.Despite the camera issue I did not experience any other issues with the game and Cyan is already announcing fixes for the camera and other issues others are experiencing.The graphics, plot, and music score of this game are top notch as to be expected with any Cyan game and to top it off the game is full AAA quality for half the price."
,Recommended,306760,32993466,Posted: 29 June,all,&Sam,"Absolutely beautiful environments with challenging puzzles.One of the most unique stories I've seen in a game and another classic from Cyan, the creators of Myst.Myst fans will pick up on the small easter eggs hinting at their previous games, and anyone who enjoyed the Myst series will appreciate Obduction."
76561198029704561,Recommended,306760,33149857,Posted: 2 July,all,Yamatori,"Obduction is one of the most beautiful games I've played.TL;DR edit: Out of 5, graphics story and music get all 5's. Puzzles get a 4, due to some flaws. Overall 19/20.Graphically impressive (though I have yet to play in vr), music is much more on the atmospheric side of things (no one track sticks out in my mind, but the world felt very cohesive), and the story is excellent.While its a puzzle adventure game, I'd say its slighytly more on the exploration side of things considering the story is given to you more as a reward for exploration and less as a reward for puzzle solving. Its a simple story that has sci-fi elements, and is presented in a philosophical manner. The characters are well developed, even if people criticise CW for being very vague and unhelpful (my rebuttal to this is that he is so hell bent on his plan that he has the worlds worst case of tunnel vission. In that context his mannerisms make a certain amount of sense).The puzzles range from easy to mind bending, but are presented in enough of a non linear way that progression feels pretty spot on (with the exception of 1). You start off with the goal of turning the power on, but only have one direction to go at first. Then you open up another area and have a couple more ways to go. Then you get the power on and have a few more areas to explore. Then you solve one of the major puzzles and suddenly nearly the whole game opens up to you (various areas are still presented to you in a particular order, but they don't necessarily have to be solved in that order; in fact I plan on doing another playthrough in the future when I finally get a vr headset and attempt to solve the game ""backwards""). The game might be a bit light on puzzles overall, but the ones present are fun to solve and there are many satisfying ""AHA!"" moments.Sadly, the game is not without its flaws. As briefly mentioned in parenthesis, one of the main puzzles has an issue with progression. I recently watched a playthrough on youtube were it looks like the game has been updated a bit to try and help, but the basic problem is that you are given the means to learn how to solve the puzzle long before you ever encounter it, and once you do a lot of it can be brute forced (up until it can't right near the end). A bit unfortunate, because its actually one of my favorite puzzles in the game relying on patterns and math.And then there are the 2 infamous puzzle in the game, the ""Gauntlet"" and the ""Maze"". These require tons of loading screens to solve, and unfortunately the game suffers from a load time issue. If you don't have the game installed on an SSD, your patience might wear a little thin.Beyond those two main issues, the game is simply amazing! If you are looking for puzzle exploration game with a good story, Obduction should be at the top of the list."
76561197999710693,Recommended,306760,25369580,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,hedphunk,"I enjoyed it. For games like this that are best enjoyed with no prior knowledge, I don't like discussing anything relating to gameplay, so the rest of this review is going to be about hardware requirements.You really want to have a fast computer for this. Not just in terms of GPU. Without going into too much detail, your load times can affect the experience of certain puzzles. I ran the game off a 7200 rpm HDD separate from the OS and I would say load times were reasonable but could be better. Anything slower might have degraded my experience.On epic quality, my 1080 does 60 FPS about 99% of the time, with the other 1% being noticeable, although not in a way to significantly detract from gameplay. On slower systems it would be a problem. Lowering graphics quality still does not make it 100% 60 FPS so I suspect it's unrelated to the GPU.As I'm writing this, the game has only been out for two weeks, so there's still plenty of time for Cyan to make improvements. Hopefully they do, so that they can sell more copies and keep on making great games like this."
76561198030043138,Recommended,306760,27177769,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Queen of Marigold,"Obduction sets you down in a strange, desolate town with no explanation and little direction. The story reveals itself as you find and solve the various puzzles and roadblocks, learn codes (and maybe do a little math) and read the scattered letters and journal entries left behind by its missing inhabitants.There were some frustrating moments - such as, yes, that maze! - and at times the puzzles began to feel tedious as you went through the (often repetitive) steps to actually complete something you had figured out. The soundtrack felt disjointed at times, with some great tracks seeming not linked together enough to be immersive. Also I ended up doing long divison at one point, and I really did not expect that to be part of my gaming experience.BUT the game is beautiful, and the pacing is set by your curiosity and tenacity. If you, like me, enjoy a game that forces you to take notes as you play, and hands you the pieces of a mystery to decide for yourself how the story fits together, then you will love this game as much as I did."
76561198076162387,Recommended,306760,26627757,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,cognaclegion,"The good:- Cool story- Beautiful alien worlds that entice you to explore them- Interesting alien wildlife- Amusing Myst/Riven references- Challenging puzzles that allow for both thought and planning, but are also forgiving enough to allow for random clickery- Puzzles allow for experimentation in order to understand the mechanics of whatever alien machinery you're trying to operate- Pleasant soundtrackThe slightly annoying:- Computer sometimes got stuck on load screens between teleporation devices - seems like the game has crashed, but it's actually just thinking about the next scene- A few actual crashes to desktop - not so bad because saves are frequent, just disconcertingI thoroughly enjoyed exploring the worlds."
76561198007140180,Recommended,306760,27904790,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,cpoc,"I've spent 7 hours in the game (nowhere near the end), and I can't recommend it enough. The atmosphere, puzzles and story telling are fantastic. It's not as hardcore as Riven, but still challenging enough.Nit-picking cons:- I had problem with taking pics with space key - some of them are extremelly dark, much darker in comparison to what you see in game.- also graphics, while quite beautiful, is slightly behind the prettiest puzzle games like The Witness or Vanishing of Ethan Carter.Cyan did impossible, keeping the atmosphere of their classic games, while updating everything to the 2016 technology level: music, graphics, interface.I use free roam mode. Wihout VR I don't see any reason to play in point-to-point mode.Overall: 9.5/10"
76561198034912716,Recommended,306760,25131322,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,powershifter08,I played all the original Myst games when they came out and absolutely loved them.  I'm 45 minutes into Obduction and it's exactly what I was hoping it would be.  I fear I may lose some sleep tonight... ;)
,Recommended,306760,25141132,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Toaster,I only wish they'd included the classic Cyan into video. :(
76561197974527236,Recommended,306760,25223985,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Spirit of Lament,"A perfect fix for all the Myst & Riven nostalgia. Works beautifully on Asus ROG G750MJ, very few compromises on graphics for + framerates. Level design (so far) is consistently impressive. Bloody gorgeous, and full of that aesthetic whimsy that made Myst & Riven so spectacular. Live action characters (so far encountered) are well crafted/acted, feel part of the game world. Doesn't come across as cheesey (so far).Doesn't currently have customizable key bindings, but even so, it isn't particularly detrimental. A couple bugs, and can have lengthy loading times, but hasn't made a real negative impact on the experience.Few easter eggs hidden amongst the many interesting ""backer"" items riddled throughout the environment.And if you're feeling the burn of No Man's Sky, for half the price, Obduction succeeds everywhere the other one fails. Obduction's worlds are worth exploring, overcoming its obstacles more rewarding, and its mysteries more engaging."
76561197980123627,Recommended,306760,25125904,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Hackling_92,"Great game, keep up the great work Cyan!"
,Recommended,306760,25128349,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Dashuri Shoket,"I want to avoid spoilers so I'll just say this, if you have previously enjoyed any of the Myst or Uru series or just enjoy a good adventure/puzzler give this a go."
76561197996719954,Recommended,306760,25200531,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,danmaku,"A diamond in the rough.An excellent return to form marred by a few significant hiccups. Obduction will amaze, but some puzzles require several load sessions, necessitating an SSD. It's also clear they ran out of time towards the end, making for a lackluster albeit satisfying finish.I look forward to a more polished game from Cyan in the future."
,Recommended,306760,25275863,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,XanderDavis,"Technologically, this may be the fullest realization of Cyan's vision since the origianl Myst.  The mechanics were interesting and the story was definitely fresh and felt original, even for a Myst-like from the makers of Myst.  However, from a story standpoint, it was not nearly as alluring, deep, and edgy as Riven felt, which makes Riven still the best Cyan game to date in my view.  Because of this it was far less of a satisfying meal that I was hoping for; I really wanted a whole new lore to get completely lost in.  Like the original Myst and Cyan's own description of it in comparison with Riven, Obduction feels again like a new Cyan ""Hobbit"" where a sequel could end up being their ""Lord of the Rings"".  But since I already love their first Lord of the Rings with Riven, I would definitely like to see from Cyan next with this Obduction / Unreal Engine 4 experience a sequel in the Myst universe of the style and tone of Riven.  I further think they may be poised now to really fullfil their dream of Uru / Myst Live, that the timing would be more right and the indie business models and digital distribution more the norm.From what I gather, you need a beast of a machine to run this.  I bought an Alienware Area 51 to be both Rift and Vive VR ready and it ran this on Flat just fine at some of the highest settings.  Disappointed it didn't launch with VR mode, but I suppose that's understandable.  I have a feeling that once I can finally experience this in VR (I'd prefer Vive over Rift but I have both, so either way), the experience will dramatically change and become vastly even more immersive and impressive.Once area I always thought Cyan got wrong from Obduction as soon as I started seeing gameplay footage was that you move through these environments at 40 miles per hour most of the time with 1:1 super fast twich camera movement, which doesn't feel very Myst-like and more FPS-like.  The flaw then is that these environments may simply be too huge and spread out (or at least their paths).  Many of the environments were simply the same sorts of things spread out, like jungles or stone-carved temples and paths, with very few places that were actual sets filled with meaning and clues.  The jungle environments in particular had huts with absolutely nothing in them, as an example.Related to this, we further got to know virtually nothing of the other cultures told to us through deft storytelling techniques, particularly in how they are woven into the environments directly as they were in Riven.  Instead, we mainly encounter and come to know these other species and cultures through straight-up expository vomit on notepads written by townspeople that could've just as easily have been Cyan developers directly (and of course, were).  Apart from Hunrath, mostly based on human culture we already know, the level of design and lore discoverable about the new cultures in Obduction is on par with the typical level environment art of a fairly shallow and generic sci-fi FPS. I mean, one species looked like they were from Metroid, another from Halo, and we literally had Little Green Men / ""Greys"" who were, *gasp*... red.  And we barely encountered any of them ever.  One encounter, though, was particularly beautiful for sure, and you will know it when you see it.As with Myst, perhaps the lore of cultures in the Obduction universe can be expanded upon in sequels.  To be fair, it takes a lot of design and time to evolve design to really get on par with Riven, and Riven wasn't cheap at all, a budget in 90's dollars that far surpassed Obduction.The puzzles in Obduction were masterfully crafted and woven into the premise and setting so that nothing felt contrived ever.  There were thankfully zero mathematician puzzles as well.  I was able to solve the entire game in a few marathon nights of play without any external help, which I greatly appreciated.  The puzzle difficulty was, to me, spot-on, as it was just enough to be challenging, but always always always logical based on the objective you could intuitively pick up on at every corner.All in all, I think this may have been the most matured Cyan game ever apart from Riven (though now the most matured in terms of today's resolutions and triple-A game engine technology for sure), but it feels to me like a prologue to build up their expertise even more towards their next true masterpiece in this century, whether it's an Obduction sequel, a Myst-universe sequel/reboot, or yet again something new once more.  As a super-fan of all things Cyan, Obduction was highly enjoyable."
,Recommended,306760,25211585,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Zyglropteryx,10/10 would boondoggle again.
76561198321169117,Recommended,306760,30954674,Posted: 4 April,all,adam.march,As an original huge fan of Myst then Riven my dream was a VR open sandbox world with flowing motion (not just teleport) that I can actually use intelligence and cognition to solve these fantastic worlds Cyan put me through; Obduction to me is a fulfillment of a gaming dream I've had since high school.  I'm in no way a gamer but Obduction and Onward have absolutely inspired my affection for the VR Vive system.  I have zero lag as was described however I purchased after the major March update for Vive VR.  This couldn't be smoother and couldn't be more satisfying as a follow up to the massive hit Cyan had previously.  This is exactly the type of game I spent the money on the Vive for and as long as you want a mental challenge not just a point and shoot game this is your choice every day of the week.
,Recommended,306760,25152367,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,vstmn,Good game to relax too and just enjoy.
,Recommended,306760,25210231,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,GarretMP,"This game is both about discovering the puzzle, and solving it. You're given very little direction at all during the game, and within minutes you'll say, ""Well what am I supposed to do now?"" And you'll wonder around a bit and think, ""What's this do?"" and along the way you'll start to see how things go together, and have to solve more complex puzzles. The satisfaction of this game comes from the player's ability to progress.It's hard to describe this kind of game to someone who's never played Myst or Riven. The games are quite unique, not for everyone, but very good. It's tough to compare to other puzzle games such as Portal, as the objectives in those games are clear-cut. Not so much in Obduction.The level and puzzle designs are particularly fantastic, and a major kudos to Cyan Inc. for their work on this game. One of the best first-person puzzle games in a while."
,Recommended,306760,33614076,Posted: 17 July,all,bwright,"- I'm giving this game a thumbs up.  But it is a critical one though.  I never review games.  I don't know why I did here.  I will try hard to not spoil anything.- This is a mid-game review, so take that for what it is.  Anyone who successfully finishes the game will likely feel good, accomplished, smart, and positive in general.  This could effect their review.  I would be willing to bet that most positive reviews here are from people that finished the game.- That said, I tried hard to finish Myst, Riven, and Uru, and never did.  I got far in all of them, I think.   I had never read a single guide, screen shot, hint, or forum post while playing them.  I just tried to do it on my own.  And failed in each.  I don't play any other game like these.- I want to succeed though.  I've only seen 75% of ""world(s)"" so far in this game (I think), and expect I may be about half (50%) done.  I don't know.  I am not going to read a single thing, even after I fail / succeed.  But I feel like I have many unexplored possible ideas and untried options at this point, and am not blocked by any puzzle at the moment.  So things are looking good!!- Ignore (hours played), as for some reason, unlike all my other Steam games, launching this game directly from the taskbar aparently hasn't managed to ever log me in to Steam to record anything.  I don't remember ever setting it to ""offline"" mode, so who knows.  I've spent about 50-60 hours on it so far, easy.- In my opinion this game is a massive triumph, and amazing technical achievement in design.  For me, it is exponentially better than its predecessors, solely due to the developers usage of the Unreal Engine.  It feels like an open world.  It is so much more immersive than the others.My critical Obduction rant (wall of text) starts here:- Linear progression, meant to give challenge to those that can solve puzzles the best (otherwise, why even make a puzzle, right?).  Therefore, if you are not the very best at solving puzzles, then you will almost certainly need helps from others (in any way, shape or form), or you are going to very likely, ultimately fail.- I read in some reviews that some finished the game in around 10 hours played.  I will bet money that this adventure is probably  going to take much longer for you.  If you have solved this sequence of puzzles completely on your own, then I believe you have superior deductive, analytical and problem solving skills that could get you far in real life.- My best advice to a newcomer would be to have great patience and not be in any kind of a rush to do anything.  have plenty of free time on your hands, and not be limited by that.- The game starts off using easy intuitive puzzles of different natures, but quickly ramps up to non-intuitive ones, and shortly afterwards, even harder, absolutely, positively obscure ones.- You will need to ""learn"" a whole new system for counting.  then a brand new number system.  and then a brand new symbolic number translation system.  And that is just the beginning.- For some, learning new languages or systems is interesting and engaging, and might simply take about 10 minutes each.  For me this was not ""Fun"".  So for hours and hours, I had no fun playing a game.  It was more like school.- You can get a hint or two along the way from an NPC. but eventually he just turns in to a broken record, telling you to do the same thing over and over; something that you had already carried out long ago.  You'll probably end up wishing you could punch the NPC in the nose.- You will have a clear idea of how to do some things.  Doing so will actually open many doors for you immediately.  But you are blocked from doing these things, due to the sequence of how the developers wanted you to play their game (i.e., it is not time for you to do that thing yet).  It is possible to spend day after day trying to do something smart.  But, because it is not time yet, you cannot.  Then you come back later to find that door magically is just opened up for you.- You will walk / run so many miles (by design) that at some point you could get sick of it, and might wish that you were actually burning off real calories for all of this time and effort.- The developers have played a couple of jokes on you.  You will be very lucky to not get sucked in to them.  And it will definitely be at your expense (read: time sink).  I spent days figuring out some deceptions.Some recommendations and observations:- Suspend disbelief.  If you see a fence, try not to say ""well, I'd just scale over that fence"".  If you see a creek, try not to be disappointed if you cannot simply walk or swim across.  Do not dismay if you cannot climb hills, or pass through a few small rocks strewn in your way.  Just imagine that the borders are truly impassable, but the developers could not actually build the game this way.  In the end, it is a much more beautiful game the way they painted it any way.- Fatal errors.  You might see some.  I hope you don't.  They are likely going to appear in the same exact spots.  Hopefully, like me, something that crashes 100% of the time, the 1st attempt, will work 100% of the time on the second, and you can still progress through the game.  Considering the brilliant design and effort that went in to this game, I easily forgave these minor annoyances.- Performance.  I have a 3 year old ROG gaming laptop with an old school SSD, only 16gb of RAM and a GTX 770m (5gb) in it.  I am running just fine on medium.  There are a few loads in transitions, but they are expected.  I have not tried it on my wife's newer ROG with 1070m in it, but I think if you have a newer machine, then you should be fine.- Gamma settings.  If you happen to have default settings, there is a likelihood that you will simply not see some important things that are right in front of your face (i.e., instructions, labels, etc.).  I ended up adjusting gamma to brighten things up very early on when trying to read something, and benefited greatly.  It will be different for everyone though.- Ultimately for me, the linear designs which were built in to the prior games (Myst, Riven, Uru, etc.) are not solved with this one.  It is still linear.  This often means that wide paths will always dwindle down in to one simple, narrow path, which has but one puzzle to solve.  If you do not solve it, then you will fail, and cannot proceed to enjoy any more of the entire game until you do so.  This is, in my opinion, too bad.- If you are ok with getting hints, or reading anything online about any aspect of this game, then go for it.  I recommend this game 100% to you.  If not, and you are like me, you might fare better than I if you have vast experience playing games of this nature, and / or have solved all of the prior Cyan offerings on your own.  You could complete this fun puzzle adventure.  Otherwise, good luck to you, friend.  Good luck.Now, back to playing this beauty."
76561197971458548,Recommended,306760,25152529,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,pRabbit,"Slow paced game with a lot, mostly awesome, puzzles that truly make you think out of the box. Teleporting and running (a lot!) within and between worlds grows more important the further the game progresses and unfortunately can lead, thanks to bad asset optimization, to frustrating puzzle setups - there's one puzzle towards the end (called ""Gauntlet"") that almost made me rage quit. Not because it was so hard, but because I had to endure so many ""loading screens"" during my tries that it wasn't funny anymore.Despite this critic, I don't regret a single cent spent on it: Obduction is a charming game. Would really love to see a more fleshed out version of it with better optimization."
,Recommended,306760,25152250,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,BarterClub,"I really like it. Its Myst, like how it was in the original."
76561197961222149,Recommended,306760,26584570,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Corax Ashishishe,"A toast to Cyan for making the game I dreamed about since I first played Myst.Graphics are superb, runs flawlessly, world is unique and surreal, first person free-roam is a huge plus, the gradual unfolding of the story has been exactly what I was hoping for."
76561197970515343,Recommended,306760,29891108,Posted: 12 February,all,Frosty,"Not a bad game. If you've played any of the Myst games, you kinda know what to expect from this one. The puzzles are about as difficult as Myst: Exile. That is to say they aren't that difficult, but this game does have some unique challenges not present in the Myst games I've played. It didn't leave me stumped on anything for long, but I enjoyed it."
76561198063457260,Recommended,306760,25230317,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,TommyG,"Thoroughly enjoying playing it, glad I bought it."
,Recommended,306760,25132903,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Abysswalker,"I haven't had a game successfully recapture the feeling of mystery, discovery, and accomplishment that Myst instilled in me since Myst III. Until now. This game is everything I could have hoped or wanted it to be. It has an intriguing story, beautiful graphics, and challenging puzzles that feel seamlessly integrated into the world.If you're a fan of Myst and Riven, this game is a necessary addition to your library."
,Recommended,306760,25263919,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Jargonfilter,"Cyan did a great job building a universe that pulls you in begging you to explore it. The puzzles are thoughtfully created and challenging, but not so challenging that months will go by (like some with Riven - thats good or bad depending on how much of a purist you are about your Cyan games!).The game does come with a few minor flaws. Namely a dependence on backtracking later in the game to solve puzzles. You can mitigate this a bit by pressing W and Up arrow on your keyboard at the same time, as this exploits a bug in Unreal Engine 4 that allows you to run at twice the speed.I'd also recommend giving yourself breaks when you're stuck. I got stuck on a few non-existent puzzles that I was sure had to be solved. I simply assumed because the story was going a certain direction that I had to deal with a couple things that really I didn't need to deal with. (both in hunrath earlier in the game. it might just be that I'm an idiot).A solid game with a great universe, art direction, puzzles. I'm really looking forward to whatever Cyan cooks up next!"
76561197977255282,Recommended,306760,25261904,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Wrong Jazz,"Enjoyed this way more than Witness or even Firewatch, which is saying something, as both are excellent games in their own right. Having been a huge fan of Myst, Riven and even Exile, I approached this with some trepidation (never got into Uru), but after a shaky start that old tingly feeling has returned.Still have some way to go, and frankly I don't want this to end.  For me, The Witcher 3 remains a criminally neglected title in my rotund library of unplayed games, as Obduction is providing way more enjoyment, and less of a spreadsheet-simulator vibe.  Hopefully Cyan Worlds, the developers, do well enough from this title to make more games, as I'll support them if this is the new standard.Outstanding!"
,Recommended,306760,25166992,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,reddar19,"This game hits all the Myst series/ adventure series buttons. Excluding a couple points, the worlds are brilliantly designed and the puzzles complex. It will scratch your spacial reasonsing and puzzling skill points with worlds that feel vibrant and exciting to explore, the whole time without any hand holding. I wish there were more offerings like it on the market."
76561198039775203,Recommended,306760,25164436,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,The Unlucky Girl,"If you like myst, you will like Obduction."
76561197970338995,Recommended,306760,25262242,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Little Niblet,"The days of Myst and Riven are long gone, but Obduction is welcome and worthy spiritual successor. I was impressed with what this small team has managed to pull off."
76561198041400703,Recommended,306760,25256459,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,timRAR,Beautiful worlds filled with character and lore.A great followup to the Myst series. Cyan hit it out of the park.
,Recommended,306760,25262746,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,nixx0r,A big beautiful Rubik's Cube. Played for 8 hours. Spent 4 hours in the teleport loading screen.Would wait in loading screen again. 6/10. -2 points for the horribly annoying loading screen.
,Recommended,306760,25157175,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mr8bittripper,Awesome game! A completely mysterious and vague puzzler that never seems to even remotely reveal anything significant even when you feel far into gameplay. Feels just like Myst and Riven
76561198052305101,Recommended,306760,25187958,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,JimBob,Brilliant even though I had to turn the detail down for the first time ever on a game.
,Recommended,306760,32099523,Posted: 31 May,all,ROKDAWG [ROK],"THis was by far the closest thing to the original MYST series that've I've seen and no wonder, it's most of the same team. Getting a feel of the place is key. The game is, becomes more  free-roaming as you start solving the many mysteries of the place and right when you're starting to know where you are, there opens a way to another place. Good storyline - Great attention to detail, plausible acting, not a TON of cutscenes. Enough to complete the feel of MYST.  Multiple endings. I highly recommend it. It's challenging."
,Recommended,306760,25194559,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,jaymzpc,"This takes me back to playing Myst, and when I had to have people yelling at me to stop solving the puzzles in that game. This one takes the multidimensional puzzle connections to an extreme and sometimes confusion level.None of the puzzles were really difficult, but they were all interesting. I feel the biggest draw I had with the game was discovering each new portion of the story.While I've encountered some bugs here and there (mostly photographs), I've learned to avoid some of them (not taking photographs). Every once in a while I encounter a stutter of lag, but for the most part I've been running smoothly on epic settings.I'm running this on my Lenovo Y50 I7 Laptop with an 860m graphics card, 8Gigs ram. Seems to run really smooth.I did encounter one loading screen that I thought would resolve itself, but never did. I had to crash the game and just reload where I left off and the loading screen passed by like it should.Other then the occasional bugs that aren't really show stoppers, I almost can't stop playing. It reminds me so much of how Myst felt, but with a different and sometimes more complex level of puzzle solving.I've made some terrible choices in game purchases the past year, but this is one of the game buys I definitely don't regret. In fact I'm extremely surprised (by how much content and the quality of the story), that this game is not far more expensive. I've purchased games with far less story and engrossment for much more. This was easily worth it.The only part I felt was a bit lacking was the final parts of the game. It seemed like there were parts that were rushed without the content I was familiar with for the first 3/4 of the game.I hope we see more of this type of game puzzle solving in the future."
,Recommended,306760,25254459,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,matthias,"One of my favorite games. Don't expect to much from the last world (red/purple glossy stoes), there is nearly nothing to do. Very dissapointing, especially when you solve one world after the other and wait before you enter a new one..."
,Recommended,306760,25161259,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,NINJAMMIN,"I played MYST and its sequels as a kid and always loved the beautiful scenery and tricky puzzles. Obduction takes all of the traits that I loved about the original games and amplifies them tremendously. Sure, there are still some hokey characters and a bug here or there, but this is immersion done right. But it now. 10/10"
76561197993950984,Recommended,306760,25281396,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,youmert,"Beauty, suprise, and pondering puzzles is a great way to spend your hours of play time.To me, twitch/kill FPS become a negative grind on one's psyche. Many violent, bloody hours spent killing. Or more accurately, twitching and dying a lot.So far, I've been giggley happy with this game.It is so fun to explore a new lovingly created reality. I've laughed and hooted out loud.The puzzles require thought, and NOT playing to walkthroughs meant I solved the puzzles in a very different order.My thanks, Cyan, you surpassed expectations - I bought a second copy for a friend!P.S.Pleasemake Vive support real, because watching the game in a virtual theater is not VR support. I soo want to look around inside your creations.On the other hand 4K on a monitor is freakin gorgeous.PPS: I used up 65 hours of my life playing this game. I'm happy I didn't race through, or cheat (too often.) The most satisfying time I've spent in-game for many years, When you've played to the end, PLEASE be sure to explore all your options.Because there is a seemingly innocuous choice that decides between two endings, and you'll want to see both!"
76561197970724104,Not Recommended,306760,32781202,Posted: 25 June,all,corum,"I'm not one to make a lot of complaints about game software.  But in a case where the game leaves you stuck, whether through the plotline mechanism or actually stuck in the landscape, forcing you to restart the game, I have to leave a message behind.  I ran into this type of problem 3 times in the first 2 hrs of playing.  First, the lift by the waterfall dropped me in the water, leaving me no way to recall the lift.  Second, as I'm trying to get the quirky teleport movement to work, I'm dropped into a locked area with a tunnel into a tree, with no way to open the gate.  While trying to find another bug to teleport me out of there, I end up stuck in the rock wall around the tree.I actually love exploration games and have appreciated Cyan's work in the past.  But, the disappointment this game brought in the first couple of hours indicates poor design and weak bug fixing.  I'm not going to do like many and whine for a refund.  I'll wait to see if a fix is provided to stabilize the gameplay, though almost a year after release, that doesn't seem likely.For those curious, I played this on an aged but beefy I7 PC with 16 Gb RAM running Windows 10 and Vive VR."
,Recommended,306760,30111189,Posted: 22 February,all,Vampsmium,"Really great game. One problem that one may take a while is the Number system. Easily to figure it out after working out with function.I love Myst 1 and 2 as well as Riven. Nostalgoic factor may play a role here. However, I did not judge based upon this but entered as a new person and some what charmed by the way they did with the artistic style. It feels lifeless as well if you're not exploring the area.I feel like this game was just the beginning of a whole new game coming out soon."
76561198007336309,Recommended,306760,25129351,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ShadesOfPlay,"Wow, just wow. After No Man's Sky was a disappointment of galactic proportions, and Deus Ex: Mankind Divided was such a shoddy PC port, I decided to give Obduction a try. I am so glad I did. Obduction is such a refreshing change of pace and is as equally challenging as it is beautiful. It is everything I have come to expect from a game running on the Unreal 4 engine. Fantastic. If you are looking for a challenge and enjoy exploring at your own pace Obduction may just find a place in your heart.P.S. I have never played Mystic or Riven, but if they were anything like Obduction I can already see why so many people love these games."
76561197970790568,Recommended,306760,25152624,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Riddleywalker,"I don't usually post comments/reviews but I just have to say that I'm thoroughly impressed at how quick the devs responded with their patches/bug fixes regarding the recent user comments/complaints. Within about 24 hrs of releasing the game on steam, a patch has already been released addressing the majority of the issues a lot of us had. Thank you! I can now go back to enjoying this amazing game."
,Recommended,306760,29892693,Posted: 12 February,all,forkburn,This is the closest thing to Myst that you can get.
76561197964847350,Recommended,306760,26294916,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,BadLag,"I've played all the Cyan games, and this new iteration does not disappoint.  The experience was great, the visuals are stunning, and the story is engaging.  If there is one thing to complain about, it's that there are 1 or 2 puzzles that are a bit tedious getting everything moved around once you figure out what the goal is.  Other than that, I absolutely loved it!"
76561198042072548,Recommended,306760,25276564,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Drunk3n M0nkey,"After I finished both the myst and riven games i quickly found a puzzle sized hole in my life, and with no ready substitue i curled up in the fetal position as my life slowly drained away... That is until now.I heard about obduction and was keen to have a look as it has been a long time coming, so despite my life having been sucked away to a level where i look like the third olsen twin i finally had hope restored!I decided to sit down last night and have a lil peek..4 hours later i was 3 hours late for work.Cyan has once again out done themselves, not only have they removed the requirement for 6 CDs, but they have crafted something that is truly stunning, very hard to crack, and a rabbit hole that is so deep that each time you think your at the end you fall even deeper.I would have its baby if i could, that way we would get an obduction 2 in 9 months.Edit:After 10 hours of game time ive hit one fatal crash, (game auto saves tho so no biggie) and the screenshot photo system is still broken (again the old pen and paper helps memory anyway) but the real shame is the optimization.As i said earlier this game on epic settings is stunning, BUT it can run like a fat kid chasing a biscuit... That is to say, with great effort but not very well.It often gets hung up between load zones for a second or two and load times get a bit long in the tooth between worlds.I suggest backing it off to high or medium, or even just reducing some resource heavy parameters. However with those issues in hand and settings reduced to medium do i still think it is a beautiful well designed game worth the price tag...♥♥♥♥ yes.9/10. Lower than epic settings, but loading gives me time to check my notes and terrible sketches."
76561198102052243,Recommended,306760,26444949,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tali'Zorah nar Rayya,"GREAT GAME, frustrating, but great!  Played it with the fiance as a sort of couch co-op experience together.  Two different endings, saw them both.  They were a bit lacking, but the rest of the game is awesome.  You will do a LOT of backtracking and running back and forth between worlds to solve things tho.   BTW the blob puzzle has a master key code.  If you figure it out you will not have to figure out any of the bridge codes.  HINT: it looks kind of like a face.  Good luck!"
,Recommended,306760,25141975,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Mumra,"*Spoiler free review*The plot of this game is that while walking in the mountains, a glowing alien strawberry appears and teleports you … back to 1993 where you find yourself playing an old school puzzle adventure game set in a surreal and lovingly rendered 3D world blended with snippets of full motion video, in which for at least the first two hours you have absolutely no idea what’s going on.(The following are my impressions after 8 or so hours in game, I haven't finished it yet, and Istillhave no real idea what's going on. I'm guessing I'm between 30-50% finished; I'll update the review a little when I'm done.)The detail, beauty and charm of Myst’s hand-rendered backgrounds are something that no modern graphics engine has yet come even remotely close to capturing. Obduction looks absolutely fantastic, but we are still not quite there yet … It is unfair, however, to compare it to Myst on those terms, as Cyan have managed to do work some incredible magic with the modern graphics card regardless, and being able to roam freely in a worldalmostas beautiful as Myst in its own way is more than good enough. At times it evendoeslook as good as Myst, but this is usually when very close to objects where extremely high-resolution bump mapping is visible … unfortunately when your character steps back half a meter or so, all the textures blue, becoming flat and slightly more cartoonish (thinkA Story About My Uncle.) It still looks good but on a 4K monitor it’s a shame I can’t see those lovely textures a little bit further away, even on “epic” graphics settings.Nevertheless, they have absolutely nailed thefeelof that game, and this is a true successor to the series in every way.But what firmly plants this release into my top ten games of all time is the intricately woven and masterfully engineered puzzle at the heart of Obduction and the little of Hunrath. I can say little without giving away spoilers, but what I can say is that at each and every step of the puzzle unravelling my mind has been blown, and that despite the fantastical nature of the environment, every single thing makes sense. It’s such a rewarding feeling putting solutions together piece by piece purely by figuring things out in a logical way, based on the rules of the world in front of you; and never by random guesswork, as that will get you nowhere here.One last little note, I really appreciate what they’ve done with the backer rewards (though I was not one). There are these miscellaneous items scattered around the world, where placing the cursor over them simply informs you it was a backer item (this can be disabled if you find it too immersion-breaking). The items don’t do anything, they’re just …there, looking interesting, each one a tiny monument to one of the many benefactors who made this wonderful experience possible.If you love adventure games, or puzzles, or story games, or escape-the-room, or “walking simulators” (though despite the epic amounts of backtracking at play in game, I would not describe this as one), then you should mostdefinitelyplay this. This game will make youthink."
,Recommended,306760,25218806,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,JabbrWockey,"Pretty good puzzle game.  It's not groundbreaking like the original Myst, which is what some people seem to be expecting, but worth playing.Puzzle difficulty is intermediate.  For the most part, they're not too tedious (except for the damnmaze puzzle) and are refreshing from the usual hoi polloi.It should take you about 10-12 hours to beat if you're on top of your game."
,Recommended,306760,25214844,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Triba,Great game and definetly brought back the feelings of Myst.I would recommend and I will be playing again when it goes live on Oculus Rift.My only complaints are around the ending and how you are suppose to know that a certain action changes something.  There is also one broken puzzle that requires you to know the number system and you are stuck in the area if you dont know it yet.
76561198108774175,Recommended,306760,25212603,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,jackulua,"Obduction does not disappoint. With challenging puzzles, adequately rewarding ah-ha moments, and a compelling plot with plenty of small details scattered throughout the various Worlds, the spiritual successor to MYST holds true to its title. With the challenge level of MYST but the interconnectedness of Riven, Obduction blends elements of the previous Cyan games in a way that appeases long-term fans, but is welcoming to those who are new to the scene. Overall, Obduction is an amazing puzzle-exploration game with many secrets and hidden lore to stimulate the mind."
76561197990480925,Recommended,306760,30925247,Posted: 3 April,all,Titanic_Toddler,Great game with a few minor bugs
76561198122219117,Not Recommended,306760,34952745,Posted: 14 September,all,Green Bay,"Unfortunately this game freezes when I reach the house at the very beginnnig of the game. Forums have not been helpful. Basically, the Steam wrapper for running this game was not written well as it also comes up with an error message about nothing being in Drive E.I have previously purchased Myst and found it to be a very good game. If the Steam interface/game engine ever get fixed, I will look forward to playing this game."
76561198023019965,Recommended,306760,34738415,Posted: 4 September,all,Pablo,"Obduction is the new game by Cyan , the same people that created Myst and Riven long ago.Myst was one of the most well known adventure game off all time. It consisted mainly of puzzles but in a way that was organic to the story and didn't feel out of place. You advanced through the location and the puzzles in it. For the game the story about how it came to be was charming for its time: two young brothers, Robyn and Rand Miller , started writing Myst in their garage and after a couple of years they barely finished it and delivered Myst to the public... the precise details of this story elude me, but you get the idea. This game was so original and so different, as a game it felt more like an experience. And at the same time it was a home project that was close to not being finished but eventually it did and it was one of the most popular games for more than 10 years until the 2000s when The Simms came along and sold lots of copies. Also for the next 20 years every time a new game with puzzles was made at first it was called ""a myst type puzzle game"". ..So, you could say all was good for the Miller brothers . After doing a couple of myst games one of the them went away from gaming and onto pursue his own artistic endeavors in the film industry while the other stayed as chief of Cyan to keep making games.Cyan survived until this day , doing different things, most of them related to myst , but never a new story... until now.Obduction is the first new story since Myst, and although it has some similarities in tone (or style of game) it really is a completely different thing and so are many of the game mechanics you will learn along the way.Talking about this game , one has to be careful not to spoil anything, not in terms of the story (that also) but besides that, one has to be careful talking about the gaming part itself.This is a game of exploration, discovery and adventure (in equal parts) physics and travel (in some measure) and finally a dose of logic , and a little reading.You start very quietly at night, camping outside in the woods. There's a lake and a fire, and someone starts talking to you, about their stories, and how all should not be forgotten. You start walking, and something happens, the ""event"" and you are abducted to another place in the universe...You start walking in this new place, and everything seems familiar, but foreign at the same time. You arrive to this desert (you learn which desert later) but there's also something off... soon you found someone and then clues about other people, and you begin to learn that in fact you are not where you think you are anymore. There's some alien technology lying around...At first you may confuse Obduction with a walking simulator, or a heavy story game with not much to do...but there's nothing more far from the truth . The game takes it's time to show many of its secrets, and even the gameplay mechanics , but soon you are full of diverse things to do. And that's one of the great things about Obduction: it doesn't stay the same...never! the game keeps evolving and adding new rules and game mechanics ... (without voiding the existing ones)I'm trying to be very careful here, but the thing about Obduction, is that its not just a set of levels with increasing difficulty... it is much more organic , because when you first arrive at Hunrath (the first place where you arrive in game) you learn of this place and the things you can find there and how it all works . But then, later in the game, you discover another place, and it comes with a new set of things...these things affect everything in the game, places you already've been, and so, a familiar place that you thought had nothing else to show, now suddenly could have a new surprise waiting for you. The world could change at any moment.Making this work organically is a lot more difficult than it seems, because you want everything to always make sense , all the time, from all different angles and outcomes and logics, and few games can achieve that level of connection across the whole game.I won't say this game is perfect, because it had one or two obscure puzzles that were a little overload and a bit ""out there"" but for the most part, this game works in a way that everything makes sense (eventually). You arrive in one place, and then you discover another, which expands the one you already knew and even makes you understand it better, but not in a way that seems obvious or you were expecting, but in a surprising way in fact, a sort of ""i would never imagine that could happen, but now that it did it makes total sense, of course!"" and so, and this is the more amazing part: I had a couple of these ""Eureka"" moments during the game, when i was thinking what to do next, basically looking at an empty space and suddenly realizing something , a solution to a problem. And it doesn't matter if you don't get every puzzle in the game and every thing there is to do, you still are able to discover many things on your own and enjoy it.The story builds itself during the game very quietly and it does reach some interesting moments, even in the end, when you have to be careful (but you'll have to see that for yourself)At the beginning of the review i wrote briefly about Cyan and the miller brothers, well just as in the game there's a reason for everything, for me there was also a reason for writing that (besides the historical reference) because for this game Robyn miller returned to create the music (as he did in Myst and Riven) and also to lend itself as one of the fmv characters in game. The actor part is a nice rendition to the days of Myst and is a very nice one of course, but the one thing that makes this game so much better is the music. Half of the personality of this game is achieved through the music and it is a very nice comeback.Finally, the game world (technically speaking) is a massive one , with expansive structures, a great deal of interactive objects, and co-depending puzzles that can be seen from many places at once (these are just not levels, but one big place with many things happening at the same time) so the game will make extensive use of system memory and video memory. It can be scalable and has a good amount of configuration options, but, it may need to take its time to just load ... this could vary greatly according to your own computer of course.As of 2017, with a current computer it only takes 15 seconds to load (sometimes it could be less, it depends)Playing Obduction reminded me of being a kid and reading Jules Verne novels, like for example Journey to the Center of Earth. The book was basically about a small group of people who would venture into a cave...nothing more than rocks all the way, but they followed these clues left by another explorer, and soon they started finding marks on the rocks and they uncovered something new, they started to see that everything they though they knew, was different, there were secrets unknown, and stories untold, and it was this sense of discovery that amazed me and made me enjoy the book so much. Playing Obduction may not be as magical as it was reading Jules Verne, but it sure made me as happy as i was back then and made me feel like i've just discovered a new world."
,Recommended,306760,25735411,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,lordmechanic,Zero information to start with: checkNo freaking idea what's going on: checkAlmost no one to talk to: checkGoing insane: checkNeeding to find teeny little scraps of paper and switches: checkLoving every minute of it: checkYep...it's a Cyan game all right!
76561198025029559,Recommended,306760,25612001,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Warren,"Weren't kidding when they recommend an SSD, that pretty much resolved the stuttering and hitching in the level streaming. Wonderful game otherwise."
,Recommended,306760,25123183,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Mr. Burd,"TL;DR: Buy it! It's **amazing** and menaces with spikes of more amazing. If you love Myst and similar games, go get it, best game I've played in years BY FAR.Somehow my 8-year old PC can run this game(and my amazement doesn't stop there!)Cyan has been known for decades(that long?!) for their ability to create both mysterious yet believable worlds.And, just as with Riven and Exile: They've done it again. Cyan promises you something? They'll deliver(unlike some certain other game released not too long ago, heh).Using realistic visuals, sounds, ambiences and atmospheres, storylines(and, of course, the live-acting instead of simulated people), Cyan manages to create an immersive game world like no other.You'll start to believe the writer of the ingame books really was a person from the Obduction world, instead of some Cyan guy.And as with all previous Myst games: I love the feeling of being there, in an unknown world, piecing together my knowledge and taking notes with pen and paper, small sketches of things I have to remember, short descriptions on ingame characters, and so on.For me, Obduction is the game I've always wanted, the ultimate spiritual successor to Myst.In fact, it's the best game I have played in years.If you loved Myst, Riven, Exile and the others: You'll absolutely love Obduction!(PS. One negative: This game makes my computer sound and act like a vacuum cleaner, sucking up all dust in the house and pulling several kilowatts, making the neighbor's lights flicker and severely..enhancing..my electricity bill. Unreal 4 is no joke.)"
,Not Recommended,306760,33163943,Posted: 2 July,all,aagstn,"I was excited about playing a game from the creators of Myst and had heard good things about this game. What I've learned from playing Kickstarters bringing back 90s style games though is most of the gameplay elements were better left in the 90s. Modern adventure games have streamlined the frustration of 90s games into an enjoyable experience that challenges and entertains without frustrating. The days of convulted puzzles that make no sense are mostly gone.Obduction has not learned much from modern adventure games. There are no real puzzles to solve and the world to explore is just not very insteresting to move around in. Obduction is built around teleporting around several small worlds changing things as you go. The slight puzzle elements it has make little sense and the game gets to a point where you either become completely lost trying to figure out where to go or you break down and read a walkthrough. I finally got to the point where I decided to look for help, but my path of moving around the world had me so lost even that didn't help.I might be more motivated to struggle through to the end if the game ran well. The performance of the game though is horrible. It constantly stutters and hitches, has very long load times which makes all the teleporting extra frustrating, and it crashes at random times. I'm running this game on a core i7 6700k with 16GB of RAM and a GTX 1060 with 6GB of RAM. I've tried dropping it down to medium settings with no improvement. Cyan obviously had no idea how to develop for Unreal Engine 4.At its high price tag this game is not worth it. I can't recommend it to fans of moderm adventure games. The story is just to full of nonsense and I don't think the Myst nostalga has enough of a payoff."
,Not Recommended,306760,30698911,Posted: 23 March,all,Mitman93,"As others have stated, this runs like absolute♥♥♥♥♥on the HTC Vive, even on a Titan X, 64GB of RAM, i7-2600k. Not only does it perform dreadfully, but the game is just flatout boring.Pros:>The landscapes are kinda coolCons:>Terrible performance>Minimal gameplay (puzzles and narrative that is few and far between - this is essetnially a walking simulator devoid of meaningful content)>Controls (at least with the Vive trackpads) are wonky, impersices, and often unresponsiveAfter seeing outlets like Polygon praise this as a ""timeless"" and ""an unforgettable experience"", this is by far the biggest dissapoint I've had with a VR game so far. Thank god for Steam's refund system, or I would have felt utterly ripped off here."
,Not Recommended,306760,34378173,Posted: 20 August,all,Skyfish,"Slightly dissapointing entry from Cyan. I love myst series, but Obduction as doesn't manage to follow up. The game suffers heavy frame rate drop and frequent crashes. The puzzles are ok, medium difficulty (i'd say comparable to riven, harder than exile) But where Riven had logic, reason, and puzzles made sense, (you were able to reason what to do next in the game by simply seeing where you need to go and what to do and even know what your goal is, Obduction rarely do.I had to constantly check guides because I wasn't really sure what my goal was, and didn't want to spend hours walking in a circle. Even reading a guide, I STILL didn't know why I was doing a thing.It has almost no story, the mystery does not get solved.I felt like I was not given adequate lore drop to have a basis for selecting the ending, even after having read all journals.It also was very immersion breaking for me compared to riven, many obstacles would have been possible to simply climb over IRL. And all of the problems the characters were facing, would have been solved if you, the mute character, could speak, or if they'd bothered talk to each other. Or if they had bothered telling you what is actually going on rather than being extremely vaguge about it.It's only worth playing for hardcore puzzle fans, Cyan fans, or people who like beuatiful alien landscapes."
,Not Recommended,306760,25222933,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hyphen-ated,"Disappointing. Most of the puzzles involve an excessive amount of transitioning between areas, which takes a long time; it gets really tedious. I didn't find many of the puzzles to be difficult. Instead of ramping up the difficulty as the game progresses, it's more like they ramp up the tedium to test your willingness to sit through endless load screens.I also had constant problems with jitter, even at minimum settings. The game runs very poorly. It was even worse without opting into the beta patch; I almost applied for a refund because of how unpleasant it was just to move around in the world.There are some high points, and sometimes while playing I said to myself ""wow! this is so awesome!"" I'm not sure whether the good parts outweigh the bad parts. I kind of regret playing the game. I certainly regret paying for it.For context, I loved Myst and Riven, and my favorite puzzle game is The Witness."
,Recommended,306760,25114421,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,BL1T,Don't know what to do... 10/10
,Recommended,306760,25172458,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ګρ∞kyדдŸ,"I never write game reviews, so this is my first one and I had to leave one because I love this game.  I've been a Myst fan since day one and this was such a great game.  I love the story, the environments, the flow of the game and most of all the puzzles.  Thanks Cyan, I hope we get another one."
,Recommended,306760,25196432,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,I_Am_The_Muffin_Man,"Obduction plays out as a spiritual successor to the Myst of two decades ago.  While puzzles are in general simplified, they also require less of the tedium of running back and forth from one end of an age to another just to see what happened when flipping a switch.  This makes the game more accessible to people and less frustrating, but the game does feel notably easier, with much of the challenge of Myst removed.The game feels a bit disappointingly short, but overall the calibre of the game is superb, though the story leaves many unanswered questions -- though admittedly, while Myst and its sequels were rich in their worlds, they were all lacking in story detail."
,Recommended,306760,25218914,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,|||JamesB|||,"Obduction was amazing and absolutely frustrating.  The moments of clarity in finding a solution were irreplaceable.  But the amount of times I would have to traverse the terrain (back and forth and back and forth).  45 minutes of travel, only to find out that I hadn't thought about a certain aspect of a puzzle and hit a wall.  Back to square one.  Oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god.But by the time it had ended, I wanted more.  Total of 9 hours to play through."
,Recommended,306760,25174132,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,EBrown8534,"0:15 in: I wonder what this lever does?12:15 in: Oh, that's what it does.15:15 in: Finished with 3 different endings.10/10 Typical Cyan."
,Recommended,306760,25207306,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Orgel Seira,"Beautiful, intricate, interconnected alien worlds, that feel lived-in and purposeful. You aren't guided through corridors and you don't get an objective marker, there are many paths, devices and clues, left for you to discover and figure out. Solutions are logical, sometimes obvious, but require good deal of attention and exploration."
,Recommended,306760,25204603,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MelonBag,.meht kehnehn rahm b'rish
76561198003864521,Recommended,306760,25225161,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Myster X,FInally I get the chance to experience a game like this fresh. I was expecting something great from Cyan and I got it.
76561197962813946,Recommended,306760,25138337,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,matthewnippers,Great game. My advice is to spend time in it and enjoy it as we have all waited so long for this. Haven't a clue about what's going on but really enjoying this adventure.
,Recommended,306760,25138434,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Halcyon,"Fantastic. Beautiful graphics and great puzzles. It feels just like Myst. If you love puzzle games, this is for you."
,Recommended,306760,25153691,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,des the mediocre,"Great game. I had no experience with Myst, but I love puzzle games and will review this game without any reference/comparison to the previous titles.I felt like almost every puzzle had a reasonable and satisfactory solution and that's important because I don't feel like I'm wasting time trying to find a solution that in the end will be vague, random or too complicated. A few light spoilers regarding one aspect I didn't like and a simple piece of advice that will help for most puzzles:There is a number/math aspect to the game where the input panel seemed a little too counterintuitive to me, but it is possible to get a basic understanding. Good advice is that generally, nothing in this game is coincidence, if you can go somewhere, press something or see something peculiar, there's probably a reason.The graphics and aesthetics are very nice, although not too realistic (which I don't mind at all). There are some issues with choppiness and loading during gameplay, even at medium settings on a good gaming computer, which is a little annoying. It's not that obstructive, since it is a puzzle game, but I can imagine some people will find this dfistracting and irritating.The setting and background story is great.The endings I have found, both the sad and the happy, are a little unsatisfactory, abrupt and not as emotionally charged as it feels like the makers were going for. Although I'm not sure if there are more than the ones I've found.The game is not too long and I would not advice getting too much help as it will make the game too easy."
,Recommended,306760,25190988,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Rililk,"The exact level of quality I have come to expect from Cyan over the years. Perfect use of the Unreal Engine. The puzzles are just complex enough to require a night's sleep before returning to them. Loved the art, the soundtrack, and achievements. Could not ask for more. Okay, maybe more games from Cyan? We can only hope. Well Done!"
76561197994649113,Recommended,306760,25210007,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Estorm,"How long have I waited for such a game... I really love the adventure genre, but sadly it has (d)evolved into games what we call ""walking simulators"". So this was something I had really missed playing. And I had so much fun playing it. Just like as I used to, I explored the world not just waiting for some scrpit to kick in, but actively searching for clues and details, always trying to pick up something related to the puzzle I was working with. It was an awesome feeling I had forgotten. Thank you Cyan, and I hope you guys keep this up!Pros-Not a mere walking simulator-Amazing environment design-Puzzles that vary in style-No death-No timed puzzles-No hand holdingCons-Save system. I would prefer traditional save slots and ability to save whenever I want.-Collisions. I appreciate that we can move freely in the world, but sometimes you cannot go around obstacles that you clearly should be able to. Also a jump function seemed necessary.-The last world (or lack of it) was a disappointment too.OverallIf you are a Myst fan, you won't be disappointed. Well, it is shorter than most Myst titles but after such a long break in the genre, I can tolerate it. Definately captures the Myst feeling, buy it now.If you are not familiar with Myst, and are able to tolerate games that don't put markers on everything and actually require you to work your brain, I think this will be a very pleasant experience for you. And be sure to check out Myst games if you like this.And lastly, a huge thanks to Cyan!"
,Recommended,306760,25220500,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,nilla bo billa ba balla,"Brings back memories of old puzzle games. This is not meant as a compliment.Trial and error, walking and running slower than Dear Esther, obfuscation disguised as depth, no hints or pointers just guesswork, red herrings and ""pointless"" information.Everything that almost put me off video games as a child is back in full force.I have another 30 minutes left to complete the game but I really can't bring myself to do it. I have 16 or so hours because I left it running for two nights, actual playtime has been about 4 hours.The teleportation effect is very impressive, good work on that honestly, pity it takes 30 or 40 seconds to transport between worlds and is used as a puzzle mechanic because that gets very tedious very fast.If you liked Myst and Riven, or are in general the kind of person that enjoys simulators, crossword puzzles, and a general feeling of inescapable pain and a longing for the sweet embrace of death then I highly recommend it.If you want a relaxing puzzle game designed with the knowledge of 30 years of accesibility and player experience then just play Portal 2 again."
,Recommended,306760,25221109,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Jarl Gid,"So they've done it again. They created a world full of puzzles and mysteries for you to figure out and fall in love with. I am really impressed by this game, and although it can be short (I finished it in 9 hours although I read every single scrap of paper I came across), it is definitely worth your money if you liked the MYST series as much as I did.PS: As in MYST/Riven they created their own working number system again. This time with 4 as the base instead of 5. Have fun figuring it out yourself or go check the guide that's been uploaded here on steam somewhere."
76561198212317077,Recommended,306760,25227020,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ol dirty,That labyrinth was the death of me. Would die again. 10/10
76561198260883158,Recommended,306760,25137810,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,urutrahald,"The gameplay is very much like the MYST series. No hack-and-slash here. If action is your thing, go elsewhere. If you're into cerebral puzzles, that's what CyanWorlds does best.Like MYST, it has a complex lore (I wonder if we'll have Obduction backstory novels in the coming years?) with its own internal logic. It gets increasingly like sci-fi the more backstory you pick up from various journals.Beautiful graphics. Felt like I was actually there. The lighting and textures are at the quality of a game twice the price. ($30 for a NEW game? I'm there!) Quite realistic except for one part, and you'd think after their attempt at Atrus interations in realMYST, Cyan would have known this. Live-action characters do not play well in a realtime 3d environment. There's a character that you meet kinda face-to-face who doesn't look like he's actually there. You can see green-screen artifacts in his hair, and the edges of the video are too cleanly defined. I wanted C.W. (that's the character) to close his window so I could get back to pretending Hunrath was real.the flow of the game is like most other CyanWorlds games. Blindly stumble around the first hour until you figure out what the bleep is going on, but the graphics are so pretty you don't care that you're lost. This is a fine addition to my adventure game collection, and I hope yours too."
76561198012945656,Recommended,306760,25156922,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MrSteelEgg,"When i was 10 or 11 i use to play Myst and Riven with family.This was a great game that brought me back to those nostalgic times, i thought it was a great game with a decent play time :DCheers, guys well done."
76561198025024220,Recommended,306760,25220230,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,beth,"I loved Myst and Riven, and didn't even know this game was coming out until my son told me about it, so I was thrilled to start playing. It's every bit as fun and frustrating as its predecessors were. If you need to play a game fast, this is not for you. You will need to take notes and screenshots, and a lot of patience to get through this. But Cyan games are about the journey and the ""aha!"" moments when you finally find your way. It's a beautiful game and very creative storytelling. My criticisms are that it's buggy. The in-game photo system is broken/not reliable, you are better off taking your own screenshots. There are a few places where you ""stick"" as you move between worlds that's a bit annoying on my good system, probably a little more painful for others. The first world is amazing, the others could have more depth to them. One part that's the most obvious ""puzzle"" is a bit tedious. But overall, this is a great game!"
76561197999572603,Recommended,306760,25226977,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,andy,"This game is definitely worth playing and especially so if you liked Myst; it is very much in that mould.  The problem is that it attracts comparison with The Witness and falls far short of it. The main issues are:1. Things happen with no obvious explanation. If you really have no idea what to do next then this probably means that you must search aimlessly for something that has changed with no clues as to where it might be.2. One of the game areas seems to be devoid of any puzzles (unless I have missed something.) Certainly, you can complete the game just by walking into the area, doing something completely obvious and then walking out again. I'm not really sure why this was included, perhaps they just ran out of cash and found it too hard to remove it.3. Some puzzles rely on what is to most people a fairly abstract idea in arithmetic. In addition, many of these puzzles are repetitious and use the same solution.  These sorts of puzzle should never rely upon knowledge.  The Witness is a stunning example of mathematical puzzles which don't require knowledge, just intelligence and persistence.4. There is way too much faffing around in navigating the worlds and in some of the puzzles.  Once you see a solution you should be able to just implement it.  Spending fifteen minutes going through the motions to arrive at a completely predictable end is not rewarding.Having said all of that Obduction is still well above the average puzzle game.  On the other hand, if you are torn between this and The Witness I think you may be able to predict my advice  :)"
,Recommended,306760,25260364,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,anubislg,"If you like the old Myst series, you'll love this! The puzzles really do flow from one to another in an organic and meaningful way. The first time you figure out how things work will seriously have you pretty giddy with anticipation!The only problem I had was a FOV issue with 5760x1080 resolution. Not a common resolution though, so I can't complain too loudly."
76561198305749934,Recommended,306760,25404660,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,nathan.ottrey,"This was literally the best game I have played in years, I love games set out like this and if you love adventurous puzzle games with absolutely stunning graphics and some what difficult puzzles to work out then you will love it too. I have to admit this game does somewhat remind me of Riven. I would highly highly recomend this game!"
,Recommended,306760,25471032,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,aKa AuGiE,"Very torn on this one - this game is a perfect example of where I believe Steam's binary review system fails. The game is so beautifully made, so wonderful to explore, that I can't possibly advise against experiencing it for yourself - especially if you are a fan of exploration/puzzle games.HOWEVER - you will spend a LOT of time backtracking, wandering aimlessly, cursing because you have no idea what to do, etc etc. Once you hit about the halfway point of the game, you start cruising a bit, but getting through some of the early game can be really frustrating, or at least it was for me. Maybe I'm just slow.The environment is beautiful, assuming your GPU can handle it...which is a huge assumption. Definitely install on SSD if you can.The plot was average at best - I was never really interested in what was going on, or the things I was finding...I was more excited that I was actually PROGRESSING than anything else. Maybe another playthrough of the game would yield greater interest in the storyline, but it just didn't really grab my attention. You can tell by exploring the world and paying close attention to the details of the environment that the devs put a lot of thought into the story, however.Overall, most of the time playing this game I was bored and/or frustrated. However, this was outweighed by how much I enjoyed the environment and progression through the game.I'd advise you just experience it for yourself...it is definitely a unique game. And at a $30 pricetag at release, it's certainly a great value, even if it's not perfect."
,Recommended,306760,25351643,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Bamberg,Very good game.  Got whole family watching me wander around like an idiot trying to figure out what the hell I am supposed to be doing.
76561197975127438,Recommended,306760,25373769,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nick89,"Fantastic, this brings you straight back to memories of Myst and Riven. The story does seem to end a little too early but for a crowdfunded game this is a lovely, well designed story. I thought the actors were great and set the right tone; understated and mysterious, not revealing too much information early on. I enjoyed the music and it also worked really effectively with the narrative. With this game I redeiscovered that special feeling of wonder and adventure that no other game maker seems to be able to accomplish. Well done Cyan!"
76561198082488305,Recommended,306760,30779412,Posted: 27 March,all,shrike0064,Wow!Spent most of the time admiring the graphics.
,Recommended,306760,32692842,Posted: 23 June,all,IVI-GOD,"I want to start off by saying I had a lot of fun playing this game, but the puzzles were pretty bland for the most part. Found myself doing a lot of back tracking and running around from teleporter to teleporter more than actually solving puzzles. Beat the game in 8 hours which is extremely short compared to the time it took me to complete Myst. The game did however manage to suck me in and keep playing. I enjoyed it while it lasted."
76561197991567212,Recommended,306760,32796647,Posted: 25 June,all,awiggins,Everything that makes me fondly remember the Myst games and Cyan.
76561197985630987,Recommended,306760,30023249,Posted: 18 February,all,ACE of DIAMONDS,Beautifully done. Good puzzles. A worthy followup to Myst. Well done.
76561197997901309,Recommended,306760,26125371,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,whistlestopursus,"superb, i've been at this game for forty hours which is kinda slow i guess. i am aparently a little under a third of the way through.don't really understand the logic yet.spent over a thousand dollars for up to date equipment to play the thing.don't want no spoilers.enchanting"
76561197971887144,Not Recommended,306760,25159452,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,hi im bob,"Basically MYST1st hour of play - what the f@$% is going on2nd hour of play - still no idea what the f%$# is going on3rd hour of play - IT ALL MAKES SENSE!5th hour of play - Lots of reading, some interesting story7th hour of play - Puzzles are ok, but maybe a little drawn out, still ok story10th hour of play - Starting to get repetative, a bit boring. Where has the story gone?12th hour of play - I just don't care anymore...Can't recommend this unfortunately, by a little over 10 hours the storytelling has disappeared. Now it's just about getting to new places, either by teleporting or finding new sets of stairs, and I just don't care enough. I watched a few walk-through videos on YouTube, just to help me get over some boring bits, but there was only more boring puzzles after that.The story was really interesting for the first few hours, it's sad that the intensity of story-telling just dropped away...."
76561198100835330,Recommended,306760,26608810,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,spleenshark,"Honestly, if this was just a puzzle-free walking simulator, I'd still say it was worth the money. Solid, believable, memorable environments, a better sense of place than any movie I can remember. Obduction is a straight-up beautiful game, and I'm running it on pretty low graphics settings. Puzzles don't hold your hand, but are often deeply rewarding. It's what I wanted Riven to be. Strongly recommend."
,Recommended,306760,26608648,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,LeetPandA,"Was a treat to beat this game, definately not a game for everyone though. However, if you're already a fan of this genre then go for it."
,Recommended,306760,25219141,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Gene Kreamre of the Kreamre Clan,"Pros: Nice visuals, unanswered questions, replay value.Cons:(current stance) load times are awful, stutters after loading/teleporting, items do not render or take a while to render.Just finished the game today and all in all I liked what I played, I didn't really read all the literature throughout the game so a lot of things I still don't know about. Although it stuttered and easily a half hour of my play time was loading processes, it was a fun game that kept me entertained, many sequences really made me think but overall it isn't the hardest puzzle game out there. Most of my cons are due to it still being early in release so hopefully it will be fixed eventually so I can go back and play again and really dive into the lore. Would recommend for anyone who likes walking simulators with puzzles, I enjoyed The Witness and it felt like that atmospherically for me.TL:DRGlitchy at releaseFun and prettyGive it a try"
76561198059166297,Recommended,306760,32931056,Posted: 28 June,all,Atrus,"After finishing the game I must say that my personal impressions are mostly positive. There's still some work left for developers in the aspect of game performance and reliability. During the gameplay I've experienced lags and had a few hangs during teleportation scene with flying particles and random ""Fatal error"" crashes.As in previous titles from Cyan game story is deep and interesting. Puzzles vary from easy to medium difficulty imho (I managed to finish the game without using hints or walkthroughs). All puzzles are logical and well integrated into the environment. Graphics are beautiful and rich in detail. Sound effects and music fit the scenes perfectly. Returning to FMV actor scenes is a smart decision (didn't like animated characters from Myst V).Obduction is a spiritual successor of the Myst series. If you're not a fan of Myst like type of games you probably won't like Obduction too.My final thoughts are that developers still need to patch the game to polish game ""rough edges"" for complete gaming experience. My final grade is 9/10."
,Recommended,306760,31123314,Posted: 13 April,all,jaylaw555,"I previously rated this game very poorly on the groundsof support and inability to play; however it appears the fault was entirely my own. I needed to upgrade my device's graphics card drivers, and that is why the game would not run. I also did not go through the proper channels to seek assistance for my help (I wrote comments on patch notes when I should have e-mailed their support directly). Cyan responded to my comment and told me to e-mail them and I did and it worked like a charm.That out of the way: the game is great. The gameplay is engaging and fun. As a long-time fan of the Myst series, if you liked Myst 1-5 you will like Obduction (I never played Riven, so I cannot speak for it but the same probably holds true). The landscapes are beautiful. The teleportation mechanics can be really confusing at first, and if you take a long break like I did you will probably have a hard time find your around again, but that is merely because the game is so deep and engaging. 10/10 I recommend this game to enyone who enjoys puzzles and figuring out mysteries."
,Recommended,306760,33159524,Posted: 2 July,all,Encòde,"A very MYST-Like game, as expected, and a pretty good one.The graphics are fantastic and the story is quite interesting.Controls and gameplay are excellent. Great music too.In the the beginning i was like ""what the hell is going on"", but once you start connecting the pieces together everything makes sense. You're gonna get that ""Oh, but of course"" reaction. Also loved the ending.You should try it. It's fun and keeps the ""mystery"" up during the whole game."
76561197997916536,Recommended,306760,25303984,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Juggler,"Pros: Everything that Myst and Riven got right, but with 2016 graphics. The world-building is to die for, and every area feels lived in and authentic, and full of history. You get the feeling that no object or building or cable or wire was placed without careful thought about where it came from and who put it there. The acting is so good that you realize how bad video game acting normally is.Cons: Slow loading times at certain places, minor glitches. The glitches will probably be patched.Tip: If you rush through this game without understanding what's happening around you, you will get stuck later. Think about what's said to you and what you observe before you move on. Like Myst and Riven, you'll almost certainly need a pencil and paper to keep everything straight. Maps are your friend."
,Recommended,306760,25352882,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Ponsay,"Last 1/3 of the game stumbled and puzzles involving a certain number system were poorly implemented, but overall a solid adventure game in the vein of Myst."
76561198137807973,Recommended,306760,32455539,Posted: 15 June,all,Smokeaton,"This game needs to have some support for its actual abilty to run. Laggy choppy gameplay on a windowed 1920x1080 with a nvidia 1070 is terrible. however the feel of the game is spot, very much a spiritual succesor to Mystfianal grade tho is  8/10 for story and puzzle difficulties (it had a good range of puzzle difs)3/10 games abitly to run was terrible (crashes between world jumps about 10-15 times in myplaythrough, frame stutters, lagging)"
76561197960392584,Recommended,306760,32487622,Posted: 16 June,all,CombatDave,"Great game, immersive visuals and audio, decent main story - I didn't play the VR version so I can't speak that experience. I've played every Myst game put out and they keep hitting home for me in that I really enjoyed the feeling of solitude, and creativity put into unique environments and puzzles."
,Recommended,306760,26649056,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nadeox1,"A very nice game that got me hooked for a week.Not your usual puzzle game.Pros:- Visual appealing environments- Graphically excellent- Puzzles are clever and will get you thinking a lot (Although some of them may get a bit frustating)- Story is pretty goodCons:- There is a lot of walking, and the character isn't exactly fast.- The game seems to crash sometimes. My system is pretty stable and hardly something crashes. This game crashed more or less 15 times during my whole gameplay.Apart these two points, the game is overally highly suggested!"
,Recommended,306760,25208658,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,WHAM,"I really liked the old Myst games, so when I saw that Cyan had come back to make a new game with a lot of the same people involved, I was pretty darn excited! And what's even better, the game does not disappoint!Obduction is a true-to-tradition Myst-like, allowing the player to roam vivid and detailed landscapes, exploring the scenery and discovering clues, hints and puzzles as they go, slowly unraveling the mysteries of the world around them.Obduction's main issue in my opinion was that it's story was a bit too grandiose considering the scale of the game. Can't really say more without major spoilers, though.Be warned, though: if you haven't played the old Myst games and don't know what they were like: this game doesn't hold your hand. It is easy to get stuck, lost and confused, so if you are easily frustrated, you might want to give this game a pass.Playtime: 13+ hours (single playthrough)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 9Audio: 9Story: 7Gameplay: 8Overall: 9"
,Recommended,306760,25269486,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Pirdy,"If you are a fan of the Myst series I would highly recomend this game. One caveat, there is at least one point in the game where if you do 4 things just right, you can get yourself locked out of completing the game."
76561198148129909,Recommended,306760,25273437,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cogkat,"OBDUCTION the text adventure:You are a cautious 98 year old English vicar named ABERNATHY. Whist camping in the American midwest, you find yourself transported to Hunrath. Where will you go?N E S WNYou go North. You see a house with windows that are open and completely accessible. Also, there are rocks everywhere. The windows glint invitingly. You could break one of these puppies, no problem. Will you go through the windows? Y NYNo.YNope. Not for you, my cherub.YLook. You're a 98 year old vicar. You can't just act like you're in grand theft auto. You don't have the upper arm strength to deal with apparently unlocked, open windows. Calm down. Why don't you....I don't know....walk some more?NYou walk North. Somehow you have the strength to manipulate a massive propeller and open a water door. I'm impressed. Maybe you should go break those windows after all? Go break windows Y/NYNo.YNo.YNO.  Abernathy, calm yourself. Take some time and quietly reflect. You're a cautious, abstemious man, a man of god. You are not a man of the sword. You are not a man of violence. YOU ARE NOT GOING TO BREAK THOSE WINDOWS, MISTER. Why don't you continue your stroll? NSEWSYou go south. You follow the river.  The river began with a roaring waterfall, but it is now to put it generously...a creek. It's two feet deep at most. There is no way this would be a barrier to anyone, anywhere, ever. Will you cross the creek? Y/NYNo.YNope.YNo you might fall. You're 98 years old. I HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF YOU.YBe still,  Abernathy. Hushaby now. Hushaby.Yyou slam yourself bodily against the creek. Again and again you ram your frail frame headfirst into the open air. You try desperately to access this stream but it's all for naught.  Nothing happens. There's a boat tho. Cross river on the boat? YNYNoYNO. You are 98 years old. Your arms are like twigs. Your will is faint. You are a retiring man. You are a meek man. I know what's best for you, Abernathy.  Also, this boat is....yeah. This boat is...like....glued to the ground or something. You get the distinct impression that this entire landscape is made out of glass. Abernathy what have you gotten yourself into?YABERNATHY! STOP SLAMMING YOURSELF AGAINST THE CREEK ABERNATHY.And that has been my experience playing Obduction so far :)  I hasten to say that this is a great game and my gentle mockery comes from a place of affection.  I loved Myst and Riven when I was a little girl, and so of course, I adore the retro conventions that the game designers decided to use in Obduction. When I realized that the Miller brothers were even acting in this again I felt a surge of delight. And they're doing accents this time! Accents!BUT...it's also true that what works well in a 2-d click through environment seems a little strained and unrealistic in a full 3d environment. There are barriers that really, honestly, make no sense. Like the two foot deep river, and the flimsy sheet metal walls. These barriers would convince me in Myst but a full 3d environment offers more range of motion and for whatever reason the increased mobility makes me feel like I should be able to interface with the environment in a more direct way.So in summary, I highly recommend this game, even though I really do feel like my character might actually be a teetotaling parson from 1890 with zero upper body strength.  The puzzles are lovely and I understand why they used these conventions: the retro style is part of the charm. I do hope that for their next game though they will do a bit more experimenting with the possibilities of a fully 3d environment, but the super cautious playing style is keeping me entertained, because I can infer so much about this person I'm controlling. Onward, Abernathy! Lets explore."
,Recommended,306760,25278823,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DiddyWare,"This game was really amazing. I was a huge fan of Myst and Riven when they first came out and this took me way back. The story, visuals, and puzzles were all top notch and it is very obvious that a lot of thought went into this game. My only criticism is the puzzle sequence that requires a lot of loading screens (don't want to be too specific to avoid spoilers) should be better optimized so load times are drastically reduced or eliminated altogether. That part really detracted from the experience. Fortunately, I was running this on an SSD so even though there was a lot of loading, it wasn't completely unbearable. It took me about 8.5 hours to beat without any hints or online research, and I think that is fair considering the amazing content that was packed into that time. Great job Cyan."
76561198045671399,Recommended,306760,33590180,Posted: 16 July,all,fe11,Brilliant. Incredible graphics and brilliant ideas. They achieve to generate an atmosphere that captures you for many hours. It is important though to really read well all the hints. And that is a bit cumbersome with the VR edition.
76561198014916468,Recommended,306760,26591999,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,yussef961,"beware may contain spoilers...I recommend it but beware many  bugs plague it....on the positive side it's really beautiful, some good designed puzzles not as hard as riven but like myst rather....On the bad side only 3 worlds (the last one is a joke), not many choice at the end i d 'like to have the choice between mofangs and villein etcand there are bugs.... teleporters dissappearing and reappering blocking my progression (and it's not my fault cause between one save to another it reappears),, also some faulty memory errors as well as sometimes be stuck in the middle between 2 textures , solved with going back to click and point...for the price it was ok"
,Recommended,306760,26589009,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dyne,"(UPDATED TO REFLECT THOUGHTS AFTER COMPLETION)This game would be so short if your character could climb over knee-high rocks or climb through open windows.I bought Obduction on a whim because when I was younger everybody raved about Myst and Riven but I never got to experience them because I was immature and only played first person shooters. I felt like this was an opportunity to see what these developers could do with modern technology.Obduction is a gorgeous game with a unique and compelling setting. You've been abducted from Earth (the name isn't just an edgy spelling of Abduction, Obduction is a word that says a lot about the plot) and find yourself in an early 20th century mining town in the middle of an alien world. The recorded actors don't look too out of place set against the Unreal Engine backdrop and the acting is fairly decent for a video game. The introductory monologue is actually pretty eerie.As you progress you learn that there is a lot more to what happened to you than just a cookie cutter ""alien abduction"" story and it's a refreshingly original idea (at least in a video game... I'm sure someone has written a similar book at some point, whenever I find a story I think is unique a friend of mine always says ""Oh, Heinlen has a book about that"").The gameplay is passable but you realize very quickly that this was meant to be played in point-and-click mode. The game gives you the option to play in free roam mode which seems like it would be the way to go but it really isn't. The beautifully designed world quickly becomes annoying and destroys the immersion when simple objects don't react the way they would in any other first person game. Walking into buckets or barrels doensn't move them or knock them over, the line of laundry hanging next to the house is like walking into a brick wall, etc. Furthermore almost nothing in the world is interactive which was a little bit of a disappointment. When I walked up to the house at the start of the game and saw all of the windows ajar but the door was locked I figured ""oh, I'm supposed to open the windows and climb in!"" Nope! Can't do that.And I get it; the game was designed to tell the story in a certain way and being able to rampage through the environment like a first person shooter would destroy that. In that way this is only slightly more of a game than Dear Esther is. Which is fine; there are puzzles that aren't too nerve wracking and like I said the plot is great! I do wish there was some sort of journal or something that kept track of what you were supposed to be doing. At one point in the game the character you're helping asks you to do something for him and I have no idea if I did it the right way or not.In the beginning of the game the ability to teleport from different parts of the map and to other words seems like a novel gimmick but it very quickly becomes an integral part of the game and the chief puzzle-esque challenge in the latter half.Overall, thumbs up! If you like adventure games this is a good one. The puzzles begin almost laughably easy but rapidly get much more brain-intensive towards the second half of the game and there is a different numerical system that you don't necessarily HAVE to learn but if you can figure it out on paper it saves you a LOT of running back and forth to the machine that translates it for you. Especially in the last act. I'll admit I had to resort to reading a guide in one specific spot and it seems like a LOT of people also did judging by the comments so that part could have been done more fluidly.The ending is a bit lackluster when compared to AAA RPG's or something of that nature but for a game of this type, it's fine. There are actually two endings but you decide which one you see in literally the last five minutes of the game (which to ME seems cheap but I still enjoyed the game and where they went with the story). The different worlds and the explanation for how they were linked was all done in a unique manner... this is one of the few video games that I think would actually work as a TV mini series (a movie would be too short to really explore it all).Even though there are only two endings and once you solve the puzzles they really aren't challenging anymore, I could see myself playing through this game again in the future just to experience the beautifully crafted locations and get some of the dialogue that I'm sure I missed (because I kept forgetting to check in with the one character in the game). The designers of Obduction are really more artists than game designers, and I mean that in the best way possible.Also I keep forgetting that you can't jump in this game and the space bar is instead a camera so I have a ton of pointless screen shots. If you've played the game you know how I feel."
,Recommended,306760,25182950,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,di1lweed1212,"The game was incredible, definitely had the old feel too it, but with new graphics and a good plot. Enjoyed the puzzles and story. Would totally recommend."
76561198025943749,Recommended,306760,25323493,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Tommy,Great!
76561198124584830,Recommended,306760,25158281,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mr Jones and Me,"Very good game. Liked the graphics, they have a unique feel and the special effects are very well made. Very easy on the eyes. Runs on ""epic"" with minimal stuttering only when the game initially loads cluttered areas with lots of special effects going on, but other than that is playing fully smooth on my 6920HQ laptop + 980 GTX desktop chips.Great job, Cyan."
,Recommended,306760,25183426,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,dewries,"I was a big fan of Myst (and Riven, etc.), and I always wondered how the games which aimed to be its successors missed the point entirely. From ""The 7th Guest"" to ""The Witness"" I always longed for the completeness of experience that only Myst offered, but none of the imitators even remotely delivered, and probably never even comprehended. Cyan of course ""gets it"", having invented the genre entirely, and Obduction, finally, is the read deal. It's not puzzle after puzzle, unlocking a door or whatnot that gets you to yet another puzzle. In Obduction, the entire world is a mystery to uncover, speaking its own language that you need to decipher, with each puzzle solved increasing your understanding of the whole. Every step on the way is an epiphany. Truly Myst, for the 21st century! I only hope that this is but the first instalment of many more games like this to come from Cyan."
76561198071110583,Recommended,306760,25289322,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,gerjan_kamphorst,"Nice game, looks great. If you liked the Myst games, you would probely also like Obduction.Unfortunately the game is a bit short and the puzzels were to easy.7/10"
,Recommended,306760,25162151,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,First Viscount General Allenby,"From the creators of MYST and Riven comes another adventure that makes you think.  The Miller brothers are at it again in Obduction.  Utilizing the Unreal4 Engine, they have, once again, made a masterpiece of puzzle and graphic design.  In a word, Obduction is the perfect example of a puzzle adventure game."
76561198041222306,Recommended,306760,25229673,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Obsoleet37,"As a spiritual successor to Myst and Riven, this game really fills those shoes well. The puzzles, story, and mechanics all harken back to the original games, while fully utilizing the capabilities of a modern engine. Mechanically this game is exactly what I wish Uru and Myst V were, but with a new story entirely its own, with just enough subtle references to past games that don't break the immersion."
76561198031941887,Recommended,306760,25261594,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,NotAWalrus,If you were a fan of Myst this game is great. It has some crashing but hopefully that will be addresed in future updades.
76561198020172775,Recommended,306760,25321576,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dutchezz,"Omg...! What can I say really, that will explain the pure awesomeness of this game?!I've always been very much into puzzle/indie games. This takes all the best of all of thoose and put it into 1 big beautiful, intriguing and exciting game. I am surrounded by beautiful settings, light and plenty of color, but yet I get this errie feeling that there is someone or something watching me. Ready to rip me open from top to bottom.... And I love it! You can hear people roaming behind doors you can't open, small funky looking beetles ""showing"" you the way, marks/scrathes near possible puzzles. One need to be aware of the game and that makes everything so much more exciting <3 Buy it!! NAO! You won't regret it :D"
76561197970501954,Recommended,306760,25230758,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Agro Alba,So far this is an absolutely fantasic game. Exactly what I was wanting and hoping for from the creaters of Myst and Riven. Cyan worlds has still got it over 20 years later.
76561198004585864,Recommended,306760,25318617,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Garak,"If you enjoyed the Myst games, you'll enjoy Obduction too. Overall, the game feels like a true Myst game with a bit of a sci-fi twist. The puzzles are fun, the environment is beautiful, and I found the story interesting. The story isn't always told to you directly. You'll have to figure some of it out by reading journals left behind and by observing the environment, and to me that's enjoyable. Some of the puzzles are challenging, but it never felt unfair to me. As for performance, the game ran ok for me on a i5-6600k/GTX 960 machine, but I recommend using an SSD if you have one.By the end, I wished the game had been longer, but I'm glad I made the purchase. I hope to see more from Cyan in the future like this."
76561198053133944,Recommended,306760,25251840,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Koely,"A good game with some very fun and unique puzzles. Love the look of the worlds and just exploring how each location works. This is definitely a suitable successor to Myst. However I wouldn't say it was a successor to Riven due to the difficulty of the puzzles. I hope that, just as occurred with Myst, this game also gets a sequel as fiendishly complex as Riven."
76561198012383638,Recommended,306760,29308871,Posted: 16 January,all,Aderi,If you love Myst do yourself a favor and buy this game.
76561198051492083,Recommended,306760,32561001,Posted: 19 June,all,contact,"Ok, I'm not a big time gamer, and this one took a while to ""get"".  After investing the time and starting to understand the mentality, shall we say, I would like to say that its a shame they didn't spend a little more time connecting the dots.  If this is a ""spoiler alert"", then reader beware....First, for graphics and image - A+.  What drew me in was the detail and beauty of the environment.  What a surprise in and alien world all the puzzles were of a mechanical nature.   Bravo to the one who came up with the diamond shaped numbering system.My biggest problems were the dots that didn't connect:1) How did that cable get connected? - the one near the battery, all of a sudden I'm back there and I didn't do it.2) Same place later in that room the train is gone and there is access to the door leading to the ""Bleeder"" - don't know what caused that3)  The transporter with the scale - couldn't figure that out - and I still could finish the game4) Same thing with the machine with all those numbers - and the note with a number by the scale-transporter -didn't seem to do anything.I know there are multiple endings, but it is a little unsatisfying when just about everything else adds up in the logic of the game.  I don't think I like multiple ending scenarios....unless the logic of the story demands it....not sure in this case."
,Recommended,306760,25355670,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Sophie de Lalalie,+ great (deep and confusing) story+ medium to (some times very) hard puzzles+ nice graphics and music+ intresting and varied areas to explore+ took me 11 hrs to finishminor downsides:- some writings were hard to read- one crash and some stutters on scene change- not possible to save the game manually- doesnt saves the selected language- incomplete controller-support (e.g. not in menu)- minimized game cant be restored
76561197984123280,Recommended,306760,25354295,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,pfn.servo,"Ahh, this so fondly reminds me of the Myst & Riven days. I haven't begun to figure out much in the game yet but it is drop dead gorgeous. Had to update my graphics card from a GT 9600 (probably long overdue anyway) to a GTX 950 to make this run. So worth it! Loving every minute."
76561198248756986,Recommended,306760,25156115,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Zippr,"Summary:Obduction is a game made for fans of the myst series and puzzle games in general, it's filled with interesting and challenging puzzles for all ages 12 and above (except if you are a realy smart kid the you can play it too i guess). It is set in an alien wor where everything seems strange or uncanny, your goal is to get back to the real world and help others on their yourney back.Pros:It is abeautifull game filled wit content and things to do, the puzzles are challenging enough for experienced players to have fun but easy enough to understand for a kid in middle school.I has an amazing atmosphere witch the devs of Myst are well known for, a big part of that is in the music. It makes you want to figure out what happned and how to solve it.Cons: it is a realatively short game, only ~10 hours or so,but those hour are filled wit fun things to do. Some people have experienced bugs where they cant get past the loading screen witch might be patched in a later update. Another thing that i have with this game is how slow you move, it would be nice if they added a fast travel mode like in the previous games or just made you faster. Finally there is the problem with playing too long, it can hurt your eyes if you don lower the gamma a little bit.8.7/10 its a good game."
76561198079204286,Recommended,306760,30416865,Posted: 9 March,all,eod696,"tl;drit's flipping fantastic.  buy it.-= Prologue =-I'm not sure I'm the best person to ask about this game...I'm totally biased.  I fell in love with Myst and Riven when I first played them almost 20 years ago - I have maps for both of them from the Prima Secrets guides in frames on my wall.  The intrigue was fascinating, the puzzles were amazing...did the graphics kinda suck? yeah, even for '94-'97, but the games tried their damndest to be photorealistic, and the result was mesmerizing, captivating, and utterly-enveloping.  The audio, the lighting, the tiny little touches here and there - a beetle stretching it's wings on the gate-post, a brief and silent encounter with a native...the worlds were so immersive (and I so young) that I began to wonder if they actually existed, and perhaps I was viewing an interactive documentary...couple the games to the books, and you've upped your intrigue by a factor of 10, and discovered an entire universe awaiting your observation.Of course lots of people seem to forget that Cyan didn't stop making games 20 years ago - there have been 6 sequels all-in-all to the original Myst (if you consider Obduction one of them), and I've played them all.  I had to revisit most of the titles years after their initial release, but at this point, I’ve managed to take a big chunk out of every single one, beating most of them...except Uru...it’s ridiculously huge...How does any of that relate to this game?  Expectations, holmes...I had *massive* expectations for this game.  But my hype didn’t stop there - I heard before the game was released that it was being developed in Unreal.  Big fan of Unreal games too - to have Cyan combine forces with one of the most influential, widespread, and flexible engines on the market...holy shnicke’s, I almost wet-myself!  This was especially good news when you look at Cyan’s poor execution of real-time engines - very clunky and awkward controls and movement, I think because they wanted players to take their time and not rush through...it didn’t take away from the scenery or the story, but it was an inconvenient annoyance nonetheless.  Naturally, that wouldn’t be a problem in the familiar territory of the Unreal engine.-= The Review =-Disclaimer: I’m going to make comparisons of this game with Myst and Riven, as those are the most successful titles in the series, and were instrumental in shaping my expectations for this game. These comparisons will containspoilersfor both of those games, but I will avoid any spoilers for this game.If I had one criticism...it’s actually of the Unreal engine, lol.  The lighting and the colors...they feel...bright...pastel bright...but I recently played Unreal Tournament (the new one), and it had the same problem...part of the rendering optimizations I think...*shrug* no big deal really, it makes it easier to see and discern what’s on screen than it would be with realistic lighting...it just feels a bit fake...or un-real, I guess.On the matter of scenery and graphics, if we forget the Unreal lighting issue, it’s gorgeous.  The artwork is nothing short of awe-inspiring, and the detail is fascinating - every bit as immersive as Riven and Myst were if not moreso.  Plus, there’s some nostalgic mo-capping scattered throughout, which just makes me giggle...because it was totally unnecessary, simply a throw-back to vets of the series like myself.  Here’s my literal reaction when I first saw the game running on my own machine with 5760x1080 resolution running at 60fps: “The water is gorgeous, the trees are gorgeous, the rocks are gorgeous, the stars are gorgeous, the draw distance is unlimited, the engine is real-time, and I CAN CONTROL MYSELF!  THIS IS AWESOME!”For gameplay, you can use a controller, you can use your keyboard and mouse, or you can switch it over to classic click-to-walk controls like we saw in Myst IV, when you can stop on a node and look in 360 degrees, but you don’t have to worry about straying from the path.  Alternatively, you can take yourself off the rail and explore every nook-and-cranny of anything you can see.  Not necessary, but kind of fun anyhow.  No third-person this time, you’re not playing a character - you are yourself in the game-world, as Myst originally introduced us.I like the puzzles.  Some of them feel pretty nerfy when compared to say the maze on Selenitic Age, or the Golden Dome’s Chinese checkers match, but I think this allows the player to focus on exploring and appreciating the different environments rather than racking their brain against a seemingly impossible-to-solve riddle.  I mean, if all you want is super-challenging puzzles, go play a puzzle game...this is an adventure game.  There’s more to it than flipping the right switches in the right order...although that is important, sometimes.  I think Cyan did a good job of introducing and obfuscating a few randomized codes within the game too, so even if you find a guide, you’ll still need to go through the motions to get the codes for your game-instance.  There’s no shortcutting your way past major plot-points.  Plus, the nerfier puzzles means you don’t really need a guide.  That sort of took away from my experience in playing Myst and Riven the first time, because I simply did not have the patience to figure out how things worked...I was also like 10 years old...so first time through, I played with a strat guide, then after that I played without and really expanded my appreciation for the artwork and the design that went into the games.  Here, that first play-through had my full attention - that’s a plus in my book.The story...hmm, I’m somewhat disappointed here.  Don’t get me wrong, the story is fantastically crafted and really does an excellent job at leading the player on and slowly revealing the truth of the world around you.  My problem with it is that it’s independent of the other games’ universe - this is a whole new shindig.  No Atrus, no Ghen, no Yeesha...indeed, no D’ni at all.  I was hoping for a continuation, but truly this is a brand-new story.  A gorgeous, excellently executed, and totally mesmerizing story, but different nonetheless.-= Conclusion =-This game is fantastic.  If I forget my bias and expectations, and I look at it strictly for what it is, I can confidently consider it a shining example of what contemporary adventure games *should* be.  Taking into account my ultra-hype, I was a bit let-down on the story, but my expectations were blown out of the water in nearly every other aspect.  Cyan hit this one out of the park!  Fantastic execution, I hope this is the first in a new series to set the standard on adventure games!  Cheers."
76561197970500468,Recommended,306760,25195327,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,BallsOsteel,I would to say this game was AA quality for half the price. I have paid over $100 for a AA game that was not as complete as this was. The attention to detail and spacial awarness was incredible. I walked away from this game feeling like my money was well spent. I also liked the fact that I did not need to cheat to complete this game. Which makes it even more fun.Thank you to the developers for polishing up such a fine game. I will be a customer for life.
,Recommended,306760,25128579,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Wanderer,Loved all 10 hours I spent beating it.
76561198158144255,Recommended,306760,26098224,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,TheKinnunen,"I am hooked cyan´s games and this game is as good as I thought. I used about 30 hours (1€/hour) and I also used many hours thinking about puzzles without playing. I have only one wish cyan, I wish more games and puzzles."
76561198281745988,Not Recommended,306760,33654095,Posted: 19 July,all,merenki,"After months of waiting, I'm still not able to play the game. Because of some graphic bug that no one has been able to solve in forums (at least in a way that would solve my problem) and that prevented me to read in-game notes and instructions properly, my gaming stuck to a ""wait for an update"" state. Updates, however, haven't helped, and the in-game text notes, instructions etc. are still unreadable blurry for me.Before that, was a great game, though. Now just a waste of money."
,Recommended,306760,25973022,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,somebunni,"I forgot how much I missed Myst games!  Cyan offers us a beautiful new rendition. I hope there will be more to come!  Puzzles are challenging for the most part, some easy to figure others pretty difficult till you get the hang of how they're done.  Loved it!  More please!"
,Recommended,306760,25196753,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Nimraaz,"Obduction is a sci-fi exploration puzzle game from Cyan, the creators of the original Myst and its sequel Riven, that has been succesfully funded through a Kickstarter campaign. It plays very similar to their previous works (you even have a discrete movement mode, though it seems like it was included to better support VR, which it does), but rather than figuring out intricate mechanisms (albeit it has those too) and solving obnoxious riddles (having pen and paper in close proximity wouldn't harm, though) the main challenge relies on your spatial awareness and attention to details. The game is really beautiful with lovingly hand-crafted world based on Unreal Engine 4, amazing soundtrack and sound design. I have an upper-mid class laptop (Core i7-6700HQ 3.5GHz, 16 Gb RAM, Geforce 965m) and was able to play on ""high"" settings (next to the highest which is called ""epic"") with little to no discomfort (60 FPS with vsync most of the time, sometimes dipping into 40-ish territory, which is alright for this type of game), but I would highly recommend putting the game on SSD as the developers recommend, that will save you a lot of loading time.At the end I'm far from being disappointed. I've managed to beat the game in about 10 hours, I found the puzzles to be more on the easier side of the spectrum, but it may be because I'm used to this type of games. Most of anything I enjoyed the atmosphere and the plot, it's just my kind of thing - you may expect strange and mesmerising alien worlds, mysterious alien races and an overall story that is presented more by hinting at it so you gotta fill in the blanks, which is made really well. The game is well worth $30 for the unique experience it provides, I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who's interested in adventure games.And long live Cyan! Now that you came back, we'd like more of these, please.P.S.: the game currently has some bugs and stuttering issues, although I've been able to complete it without them spoiling the fun."
76561197963870514,Recommended,306760,29893888,Posted: 12 February,all,Tom E Gunn,Myst and Riven reborn
76561197997853625,Recommended,306760,25212067,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,T-tus,Very good puzzle game. Impressive.
,Recommended,306760,25280575,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Snebdroid,<3
,Recommended,306760,25250081,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Kain067,"The game was very good, and the graphics phenomenal and immersive. The environment and ""feel"" of the game reminds you that Cyan can use video games in a way few others can - to actually ""become your world"".There are some typical Cyan design choice frustrations, however - the kind that makes you wonder how well they understand video games besides their own. Thoughts like ""can't I just jump down this 2-foot rock?"" and ""can't I just disconnect this battery right in front of me to release these stairs"" are frequently entering your mind, and a late-game decision to trap you in a certain place with no way out if you haven't memorized a ridiculously difficult system from earlier in the game bring to mind the horrendous design decisions not seen in video games since the King's Quest IV days.Overall a wonderful experience, if not entirely such a wonderful video game."
,Recommended,306760,25833112,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,BittlesNet,Scratched my Myst itch big time.
,Recommended,306760,25479134,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Neck West,This game is amazing.
,Recommended,306760,26426712,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Wormoxide,"[table]|[tr][td][h1]Graphics[td]Some nice views, FPS sometimes shaky on a 970.|[tr][td][h1]Audio[td]A minimum to make the world seem alive.|[tr][td][h1]Music[td]Plays only at key moments/milestones.|[tr][td][h1]Controls[td]WASD+mouse or Controller. Controller was messy with many puzzles, moved too slow or overshot small targets.|[tr][td][h1]Mechanics[td]Sometimes logic, sometimes clues, sometimes trial and error.|[tr][td][h1]Story[td]Another amnesia victim finds themselves in a strange world. Will you follow the correct path and save the world or watch it burn?|[tr][td][h1]Difficulty[td]I would not be a good judge, I have never considered Myst type games to be hard. [Spoiler]However, at least one puzzle is unsolvable, seriously walk away from that one. One puzzle is just tedious and annoyingly slow due to reloading worlds. An SSD is highly recommended.[/Spoiler]     |[tr][td][h1]Replayability[td]No not really, maybe for missed achievements.|[tr][td][h1]Fun[td]A nice ride up until near the end. The end game is convoluted and does not fit the flow of the rest."
,Recommended,306760,32712073,Posted: 23 June,all,Nilofar,"From the makers of Myst, comes this admittedly amazing game, Obduction. I was first hesitant to play this game, it didn’t seem like something I would fully enjoy. But, after a while, I bit the bullet and picked it up on sale, sat down and was blown away at this game. ||Looks: 10/10|Let me get this out of the way early, the game is beautiful. From the very first moments, I was in love with how the game just popped with all its colors. The shadows really helped with making the game feel just amazing to look at. Yes, most of this is done because of the Unreal engine. But still, the game is gorgeous. ||Music: 10/10|The music is just as amazing. Just like Myst and Riven, Robyn Miller brings a very calm and soothing music score to the game. I think every track matches the area or situation you’re in perfectly. The music does a great job sucking you into the scene and almost makes you feel like you’re there in the world. ||Story: 6/10|The story was complicated to understand. Half the time I didn’t know what I was doing or where I was going, or even what the purpose was. Even now, my best description for the story is you’re trying to help a guy named C.W. get away from Hunrath. That’s it. So yeah, confusing story.||Puzzles: 4/10|The puzzles in this game are frustrating at times, if not upright too complex. A lot of them involve the teleportation devices (which I will get to in a minute) and sometimes other devices that you have located on your journey before (most of the devices are in Hunrath). Most of the puzzles are creative in how they make you think about them, but for most, I just looked up a guide because I was stuck on them for so long I just wanted to get done with them to move on.||Teleports: 2/10|Just like Myst, this game brings back teleporting to different worlds, mostly to advance the story further. A lot of the puzzles however use the teleporting and they use it constantly. And…it is SO annoying. The teleports take so long, like, anywhere between 30 seconds to a minute. It stretches out the puzzle time so much longer than it should be. And the problem is, you must do every puzzle. ||Ending: 7/10|Your goal in the end is to bring life to a tree that’s in each of the different areas. There is a total of 4 trees that need to activate to what is known as the heart. Once that is all done, you do one final puzzle, and the game is over. Now, there is something to note here. The game has 2 endings, good and bad. The way to get these endings is.... honestly, you would never think of it being the reason. I’m not going to say it here what you need to do to get the good or the bad ending, but I will say it’s one little thing that I don’t think anyone would think of without looking it up on someone who did figure it out. ||Wrap up:|All in all, this is a beautiful and breathtaking game. The puzzles are frustrating and the story is confusing, but it’s easy to get lost in the worlds. I would say that if you have the time to invest into long puzzles, and you love a challenge, this would be a great game. If not, watch someone else play it, or try and play it yourself. It is a truly amazing game that captures the heart of the original.||Final game score: 7/10"
76561198047555649,Recommended,306760,25211842,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[BDF] TheWarden,Its a modern day myst. What else could you ask for?
76561197970405129,Recommended,306760,25157538,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Darkone666,"excellent game, recommended for those that like puzzle games like mist, walking around looking for clues."
76561197973251539,Recommended,306760,31450569,Posted: 29 April,all,MofoinHig,"Brings me back to the Myst days, great puzzle game with beautiful landscapes."
,Recommended,306760,25312769,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Aseed,"Stop reading reviews and buy it already !!! Any screenshot you might see is a spoiler, this game is about diving into the unknown, so play it. Having no idea of what to espect is the point.||Cons:| - Disappointed by the length of the last world.| - One of the last puzzle is repetitive, takes time but isn't difficult, just a pain.| - The numeral system introduced isn't as important as the one in Riven. (Most puzzles featuring it have the same solution)||Pros:| + The unknown / myst feeling !| + New worlds, new beings !| + Well balanced difficulty !| + Gorgeous worlds !| + Interesting, unpredictable and original story !| + Awesome OST by Robyn Miller :O !| + Staring Robyn Miller with a cool accent xD !||Good to see Cyan World successfully updated ! Without Ubisoft in their way, so much more creativity !!||10 / 10, would get myself lost in Arizona again !"
,Recommended,306760,25119646,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Cerebral_Discharge,It plays like Myst without trying to be Myst.Feels just how a Cyan game should.~five outta five~
,Recommended,306760,30742163,Posted: 25 March,all,ranXerox,supersampling 2.5 and bumped up my antialiasing to epic!Very Clear!maxed out everything!this game is a gem!puzzles are wild!I brought out a chair and took in the scenery!Would throw more money into them for a myst update.my only complaint is I need to setup up my vive controller in every game I start.  it does not save the settings.vivegtx1080i7670016gb ram
76561198083972971,Recommended,306760,25199482,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,LBXZero,"The game feels like Myst.  You have an equivalent to the Ages.  So far, I am enjoying the puzzles and the simple frustrations of overlooking something somewhere."
,Recommended,306760,25225396,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Falx,"Excellent game, puzzles are not easy, but definitely manageable!Nice visuals, cool atmosphere. Reminiscent of Myst.. I thoroughly enjoyed it!"
76561198007581019,Recommended,306760,30606285,Posted: 18 March,all,xjohnnyfivealivex,Loved this game.  Myst is one of my favorite series and this game felt very close to that.  The world is unique and intriguing.I didn't notice any performance issues on my rig.The only con I would say is that the end of the game felt a bit rushed.
76561197980003578,Not Recommended,306760,32185471,Posted: 4 June,all,Chewingum,"There are some real issues with stuttering that are very common. Parts of the world run fine, while very specific spots stutter and hitch. It's quite distracting and hiccups can last half a second at times. Looked on the forums and it looks like they're just ignoring the issues altogether."
76561197970772842,Not Recommended,306760,30711124,Posted: 24 March,all,tomaswa,"Please fix the performance. Currently completely unplayable on i7 6700K @ 4ghz, 1080 on Vive due to continuous stuttering. As a Myst and Riven fan, I would really like to be able to play this,"
76561198017125492,Recommended,306760,30688044,Posted: 23 March,all,haykeye13,I'm playing this on the HTC Vive.My specsWindows 10 x64i7 5960x32GB RAM3x GTX980TiThis game runs fantastic for me. Also it appears to have VR SLI. I am able to run at max settings with 200% supersampling. Beautiful visuals. Love the puzzles so far they're great. Great VR game with some of the best VR graphics I've seen yet.
76561198329163766,Recommended,306760,31875835,Posted: 20 May,all,Bald Bull,Just played over 2hours with my Vive....I saw the mixed review and was hesitant to purchase at first...but after trying out the game I say I should have gotten it earlier....Its definitely a fantastic adventure in an unknown world which you can interact...This is a must purchase for those with Vive headsets...locomotion is bit clumsy with touchpad unresponsive at times but overall I would give this title two thumbs up...Thanks devs...what a treat..
76561197997065204,Recommended,306760,26342027,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Lamashtu,"This game had exatcly the same impact on me as when I played the first Myst for the first time.The looks are gorgeous and awe-inspiring. Puzzles are well thought-out, there are no filler puzzles, everything is interconnected and tied into the world and story.There are no illogical puzzles. All the hints are there, in front of your eyes, or on the pages of books and journals.The music is highly remeniscent of the original Myst soundtrack, so it was like a nostalgia trip to me.I can't recommend this game high enough."
76561198025278997,Recommended,306760,26151653,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Peter Tjordenskiold,I love adventures and this adventure is offering not just a history but a huge amount of tasks too. All of the task are fitting well into the history. The tasks are on high level and in the case of the number system a tour into number systems is a good idea.
,Recommended,306760,25312029,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,NA President,gud gaim
76561198176536113,Recommended,306760,32055645,Posted: 29 May,all,nicko1278,"As an avid Myst fan, I enjoyed this game. The graphics are fantastic, the story is good, and the soundtrack is perfect. I was pleasantly surprised how far into the game I was before realizing this is the first Myst game with no linking books! (Don't worry, there's plenty of linking and multiple worlds to explore, it's just different as they aren't D'ni worlds.)There are some cons though (spoiler free), but don't let them keep you from playing the game.1. I thought there would be more. I thought there were places that would come into play later in the game but don't. For example, some pathways apparently were added for no reason.2. The ending was not only anti-climactic, I was surprised I was there. (Like I said, I thought there'd be more. I thought I was stuck needing to unlock more, but I had completed everything except for the end.)3. I expected more with the bleeder.4. Apparently one of the worlds had no writers or developers. (Again I thought there'd be more.)Don't let my cons keep you from playing the game. It really is a good game, the exploration was a lot of fun and different from the other Myst games (you'll have to play to see what I mean.) Spend the money on this if you're a Myst fan. Kickstarter helped to make this game possible. Buying it can help bring more."
,Not Recommended,306760,32467886,Posted: 16 June,all,MapleSyrup,"I bought this game for VR, but over estimated how good it would look in virtual reality based on the store's screenshots. Considering the current resolution of the Vive and Rift this game isnt the best experience because of the numerous bright open areas; which cause a much more obvious screen door effect than if Obduction featured more smaller / darker settings.This isnt to say Obduction is abadgame by any means, I just dont recommend it if you are planning on buying it solely for VR."
76561197996610043,Recommended,306760,25122492,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Grimm Nam rooD,"All I can say is this ""Classic Cyan Magic""9/10"
76561198019705978,Recommended,306760,32068951,Posted: 30 May,all,[FC] Tyler Durden,If you love puzzle puzzle games this hame is for you. The puzzles are well put together it has outstanding graphics and the movement throughout the game is on point. I did not get a chance to check out the VR option so i can not comment on that aspect. YOU WILL HAVE FUN  trying to figure out the different kinds of puzzles and the storyline is not bad at all.I would also suggest you check out these other puzzles games if you like this one.Talos PrincipleThe eyes of ARAHaven MoonKairo
,Recommended,306760,31230473,Posted: 18 April,all,Cr0c0dile486,"I dunno what these VR nerds are spoutin off bout. Like they lawnmower man or sumthin. Runs alright. I have it maxed on 270x and it rarely stutters. Honestly if i cared about the occasional stutter i'd turn down the settings. weird they all nvidias cuz usually epic games are tailored to them and run like crap on amd. not this one though. Great job myst guys. One for the little guys ;DAnyhow on to the game. It's a memory puzzle walking sim. Good puzzles. The only prob i have is the alien math symbol things. I just don't get it. Maybe I'm sub-genius, but the pattern style alien characters are pretty annoying. Not to mention there's hardly definition of the whole numeric system except some scraps of homework that you can barely read because the text is drown out in HDR. The clues are ridiculously vague as well. To be honest I went ahead and used a guide for parts since there's not a whole lot of direction in game. The puzzles are easy, mostly if you can clearly see them, but say like the license plates one has virtually no reference to connect. Maybe I'm just not emersed enough to put my head in the game, but there's so much stuff laying around that i would use and can't that details as such go unnoticed.  thankfully ther are guides to help.Graphics are great. Sound is great. This is a solid puzzle adventure. I'm only 3 worlds deep, but I would recommend this to others. Looking forwatd to beating it soon. Then I'll elaborate more."
76561197995817433,Not Recommended,306760,31052836,Posted: 9 April,all,Masrock,"I played for about an hour, (vive) solved the first puzzle. I just found it dull. Gliches in the field of view - loading room fading in an out, poor movement response, sometimes, works, sometimes doesn't and a crash made the experience frustrating.I i'd found the storyline and world more captivating then I may have stuck with it. As it is The Solus Project made a better job of a VR game for looks, story and controls."
,Not Recommended,306760,25472168,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Vermilion Wlad,"Well first of all, i enjoyed it, it had it's moments, but cons outweight the pros.To begin with the glaring issue, it's really short. 9 hours for a puzzle game, even with all the places i've been stuck at, and all the stuff they put you through sometimes, is just not a lot.Even with that, the game sure loves to make you watch it's loading screens a lot, a number of puzzles involving teleporting between worlds constantly, with all the loading and transitioning going on, just to walk 2 yards and flip a switch.Puzzles are not that hard, and some take more time to finish than to solve.The world and graphics were quite nice, and i liked the little story going. Even though some little things popped up here and there, graphics were pretty good.It's not priced that high, but if you're on the fence, get it with a discount, it's a solid puzzle game, the type they almost don't make anymore."
76561197994891465,Recommended,306760,25156769,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Cobaltios,"Cyan has done it again.As someone who got into their initial franchise Myst through it's sequel Riven, I was beyond ecstatic that they were back with a brand new game through a kickstarter for ""Obduction"". Following the gradual process of learning more about what they had planned for the game, and just awaiting all sorts of cool things in that regard, the only thing I was actually missing, was a release date.Despite a couple of delays, it finally released just the other day (August 24th).If you're a fan of Cyan's work, you will undoubtedly love Obduction. It presents a very familiar, albeit strange world for you to explore, and as you uncover more details through the various journals and scenes... a lot becomes clear. This is a much larger game narrative wise than Myst ever could be.The puzzles are the real reason you'll love them, and figuring out how they work is something I haven't felt in a very long time. It says something when the only thing that perplexed me was the fictitious numbering system, but everything else could be figured out with careful observation and note taking. Cyan knows to create fantastic puzzles that make you confused for a bit... until you suddenly look into a corner you didn't think you could get to, and suddenly, a whole new portion is unveiled, which lets you progress. They're good at that, and it shows.I will say that you will need a decently beefy rig, as I have encountered some slow loading times, but otherwise perfectly functional.It's been a while, Cyan, we've myst you."
,Recommended,306760,30561741,Posted: 16 March,all,marshalkowski,"This game is a return to form for Cyan Worlds, plain and simple. No one quite does the puzzle-adventure genre like this studio. Every puzzle feels appropriate to the world, and this new IP is just as engrossing as Myst, and a delight to explore. If I had one complaint, it might be that the final act felt a bit short, but it also makes sense from a story perspective, so I can't fault that too much."
76561198170714022,Recommended,306760,30566922,Posted: 17 March,all,captain123ron,"Relaxing, challenging, fun."
,Recommended,306760,25999655,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,GameADayGamer,WHat a sweet game! I am totally igging the old school Myst feel with updated graphics and an intriguing storyline. This is a game I will not be using a walkthrough for until I can't stand it anymore. A MUST own if you are a fan of Myst or Riven! Check out the first 20 mins of gameplay here!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBNXSNFcSoU
,Recommended,306760,25464979,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Hikaru Nishimura,"Very fun but unplayable after a certain point, becomes unsolveable, might just be a glitch though."
,Recommended,306760,29856309,Posted: 11 February,all,COTTON PUFFLES,I would highly reccomend this game out of the first couple hours of gameplay I was pretty much stuck on what it wanted me to do but once you get the hang of how the game whats you to play it becomes a pretty challenging puzzle game with an interesting story.
76561198350494456,Recommended,306760,32010085,Posted: 27 May,all,mitay,Really awesome game!! Only problem was that ending was slightly anticlimactic. I was expecting something a little more dramatic.
76561198189434703,Recommended,306760,31776313,Posted: 15 May,all,TilItGoesClick,"I had to use a walkthrough for a decent part of this game. I isn't msartBut even though I had to beg the internet god for help I still had a killer time.Great graphics, old school mysty feel, a sense of mystery and wonder.A+ buy me seymor"
,Recommended,306760,26097704,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,SinOfHeart,"As a huge fan of the Myst series I feel like this game did a really great job of capturing what I loved so much about that series.  I think I kind of wish there had been a few more puzzles or complexity, although I did enjoy that the game never felt overally complex (it always felt like the solutions were right in front of me most of the time, even the few times I got lost). The game introduced a very cool mechanic but it felt like they could have taken it further than they do in the game to create some really cool puzzles (what is in the game felt like it only scratched the surface of what could have been designed).  The only truly negative things I have to say are the performance wasn't great as even on a good system the game was chugging at times, and the loading times, both between locations as well as the couple that are built as walls in a couple places which were even worse because you froze in place until it loaded.Basically if you're a fan of the Myst series I'm fairly confident you'll enjoy this game as well (assuming you can get over the performance hitches and loading times), but you might be left like me wishing the puzzles had been taken just a bit furrther."
76561198044191366,Not Recommended,306760,32492299,Posted: 16 June,all,adrianquark,"This game should not have been released for VR. About 20 minutes in, it's obvious this was developed as a traditional game first. The teleport controls feel unpolished. For example, if you turn your head and then teleport, the game rotates you to face the direction you teleported in, which is disorienting and prevents strafing. The world is mostly impossible to interact with, objects don't behave physically, and when you do interact with things like switches they don't move in sync with your hands. The visual quality is okay, but the models and textures aren't particularly detailed. Despite the basic graphics, the game regularly drops frames. The puzzles so far are tedious and simple, and the game doesn't seem to reward exploration (every time I decide to check out some path off the obvious main route, it's a dead end). Nothing about this game takes advantage of the unique features of VR."
,Recommended,306760,26108355,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Glucoseivan,Loved it. I'm sad that it's done.
76561198126550570,Recommended,306760,26081224,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,MadDoctorDurbin,"Very reminiscent of the original Myst games.  Took me a month to beat it, but man was it worth it!"
76561198043436778,Recommended,306760,26053641,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Connor McDavid,I've been waiting for Cyan to return to their roots for 20 years. Played 4 hours of the game and would have to say it is a masterpiece so far. Worth the game at full price.
,Recommended,306760,26056612,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,numark1550,Thoroughly enjoyed playing this. As fans of Myst and its sequels it was nice to get back into the mindset of Cyan. Obduction certainly played easier in the puzzle line then the earlier games and the story was very immersive even if you don't really know what's going on. I played on a i7 (6th gen) laptop with 940m and 8GB RAM. Game played fine on medium settings.
76561198045241831,Recommended,306760,29696662,Posted: 4 February,all,Ced,Again a nice game from Cyan. Nice graphics and atmosphere but require quite a high end PC.I found that exploration was key to success rather than being able to solve puzzles. Missing a path or a note somewhere can get you stuck for a long time.Passing from one world to another can become boring when you explore as each time you need to wait for the loading.Overall a good game.If you kike Myst-like games and you have a good PC go for it!
76561198029442474,Not Recommended,306760,30716818,Posted: 24 March,all,Piethief,"I would not recommend this game for a VR experience.  While im sure it's perfect for normal gameplay, there are too many issues for VR.  The enviroment is too detailed at a distance so everything looks extremely jagged, there were numerous times where my light houses would appear as well as my standard controllers, and even a few crashes.I have a 2600k and 1070, and no other VR games give me the issues this title did."
,Not Recommended,306760,33280298,Posted: 5 July,all,toadthehalibut,"The game is lovely, and I wish I could recommend it because it looks like a lot of love went into it, and when it works, it is beautiful, interesting, and immersive, but the crashing and lagging have made it completely unplayable now that I am to the part of the game that is teleportation heavy (there is a graphics-intense animation/load screen associated with this mechanic that causes a crash about 75% of the time). This is with the game running on all the lowest graphics settings.I am using a brand new MacBook Pro 2017 model (purchased this past Sunday) that is, according to the specs on the page, equiped to handle Obduction.  Obduction is the only program, game or otherwise, that it is struggling with.Edited to add: If you have the same computer as I do, and you really want to play the game, you can do what I did - when it starts having a crashing fit, just quit for a while and come back later. If it freezes to staticky snow on the teleport screen (not the dots that are part of the animation), [esc] doesn't seem to help, but tapping the space bar does, and the game will relaunch."
,Recommended,306760,29752400,Posted: 6 February,all,Blann,"Got lost, found my way again, got lost......going to repeat this till I beat it. I loved Riven and Myst; this rekindled my love of getting lost in a world of puzzles. I will update this when I do eventually beat Obduction."
76561198144555419,Recommended,306760,29751575,Posted: 6 February,all,olmc.acts,My only complaint is that many puzzels seemed like they could have been circumvented by a little climbing or jumping.
,Recommended,306760,25308252,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ElectroxSoldier,"A great puzzle game made by the developers of Myst.It has a great style, and is challenging. It doesn't hold your hand, but it's not impossible either.Oh and if you're like me you might get stuck for a few hours. Hehe.Definitely recommend this game!"
76561197986263233,Recommended,306760,25304218,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ShadowNate,"Another very good adventure game from the masters (still) of the genre at Cyan!Puzzles are of varying difficulty, challenging but fun, and well integrated in the environment.The game is similar in spirit to the Myst/Riven/Uru games and there are quite a few callbacks to those games.The graphics are really great, and so are the ambient sounds. The music is ok-ish. I was expecting something outstanding at the levels of Riven's soundtrack, but it sadly wasn't anything near that despite Robyn Miller's involvement in the project.The main plot is a welcome change from the beaten storyline of the D'ni mythology (""Myst-verse""). I still wish Cyan had more time and resources to further expand on it than what they delivered. Like, for example, add more notes, diaries and characters to interact with. Add some more content to a few locations that feel empty (and/ or rushed).Also the near-to and actual end-game stuff is a bit confusing and it feels that the game is rushed to a conclusion.As for the technical issues, at the point of this review, while to me the game feels polished enough, there are still long loading times (installation on an SSD is highly recommended), there is random stuttering and frame rate dips while walking around, there are some loud sound pops (mostly when starting loading something), and I've had 3 crashes to desktop during my playthrough. There are also some smaller glitches. I am sure these will be addresse in time with a patch.Overall the game ended up being a very nice experience. And a nice surprise, since this is probably the best adventure game I've played that has come out of the Kickstarter. I was sort of expecting a disappointment, but the game is definitely a gem.Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,306760,34263344,Posted: 15 August,all,not_amused,GTX 980 Ti HybridIntel 6600k16gb ramGame runs horribly in VR no matter the settings. Been waiting for months for a fix.
76561197971947453,Not Recommended,306760,31109884,Posted: 12 April,all,exist2resist,"I picked ""No"", I would not recommend this game for VR, specifically the HTC VIVE.While yes this game is playable on a monitor I bought it for the HTC VIVE.In it's current state I can not recommend the game or rather the VR version of this game.When I am playing in VR the VR loading space shines through sometimes while in game, it does it too often.Basically while playing sometimes the 3D game space disappears and I can see the loading room of the VR space.What I mean by loading room is the space end up when first turning on the HTC HMD, before getting into the STEAM manu and the game list.This really breaks the immersion of the game, and actually intereferes with the expreinece.The VR movement/teleportation system is also a little laggy and unresponsive.I waited patiently for this gmae to release HTC VIVE support, I guess I'll keep waiting."
76561198026814422,Not Recommended,306760,31162894,Posted: 15 April,all,pricher88,"The CYAN games made me passionate (MYST, RIVEN, ETC) I read the books and enjoyed them. When I found OBDUCTION is out,  I was full of hopes of enjoying it again.Obduction is bad. very bad. I finished it for completeness but I find it very disappointing. Very absurd puzzles, if they can be called puzzles. The biggest mistake of the puzzles is that many of them depend on loads inside the game, which makes them slow and very tedious.If to that you say that the game sometimes hangs on the charges can become a headache.Too bad, CYAN.As for the graphic section is quite flashy but with super retro details like videos of the 80 inserted with shoehorn in some HD graphics ...A disappointment. What a pity."
,Recommended,306760,25210271,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Halfax,"IF You are a myst and riven fan, this is for your"
76561198000950474,Recommended,306760,32317871,Posted: 10 June,all,Gazza,"Very immersive first-person puzzle game. The artwork is impressive and you feel the entrapment of the situation. There is nothing to shoot so it is mostly about observation and spatial awareness. I got stuck in a few places basically because I rushed things too much. I just needed to take some time out then retrace my steps and eventually I got through it without spoilers.The sound effects are sufficient and the music is moody but more of it would have enhanced the experience further. The storyline is interesting but you don't interact with characters that much so you can choose how much notice you take of the broader story arc.I found the graphics a little glitchy, kicking me out of the game. I turned down the settings and vsync off which reduced the problem but did not eliminate it. However the autosave feature meant I never really lost much time. There was also a bit of time waiting for the game to load and moving between levels, although my PC is old.This game is great for people who enjoy solving puzzles and aren't looking for action. It is much like Myst in the nature of the puzzles. Riven is a superior game but this is definitely worthwhile if you enjoyed either of those titles.Times completed: 2"
76561198166522755,Recommended,306760,34741055,Posted: 4 September,all,moray46692,"A little too linear, a little too much running backwards and forwards, and a little too easy to get the bad ending without realising why. One the other hand: Those beautiful worlds! Those fantastic machines! Thank you for another chance to play in incredible Cyan worlds!Summary: gorgeous, but not as replayable as Riven ;-)"
76561197980198248,Not Recommended,306760,35229187,Posted: 26 September,all,FlixX,"Funktioniert leider technisch nicht, egal was ich versuche.Wenn man Software gegen Geld verkauft sollte man halbswegs sicher stellen, dass sie auf einem System, wie es das wohl zur Genüge gibt, auch läuft.Würde ich ganz sicher nicht wieder kaufen!"
76561198295204830,Recommended,306760,30847474,Posted: 30 March,all,rkloet,"For me the best game of Cyan ever. Nice story, beautiful worlds. Puzzles are not that frustratingly difficult like in the Myst serie. Still some puzzles are more or less challenging. With some logical thinking puzzles can be solved."
76561198070811764,Recommended,306760,30871566,Posted: 1 April,all,sellae,"Playing Obduction was a deeply satisfying experience, since you are not just solving puzzles but you are starting to understand how the world you're in actually works. At first everything seems strange, but the more I uncovered about the inter-connected systems the more I was not just solving puzzles but finding my way about an alien world. It made me feel melancholic and excited at the same time. What an amazing game!"
76561198093712808,Recommended,306760,31182796,Posted: 16 April,all,Pineconn,"Fun ""Myst-like"" game with some cerebral and environmental puzzles. Shame that the last world didn't make the cut, but the rest of the game is impressive. Some minor optimization flaws."
,Recommended,306760,32320637,Posted: 10 June,all,wilsonfazio,"Wow! What a game for Myst fans! Excellent story, intelligent puzzles, wonderful scenery in every detail!I loved this game and, although I already finished it, I will buy a VR set only to play some parts again and see what it is like.I have no bad things to say about this game. Impressive (of course, for those who like this kind of game!!)."
,Not Recommended,306760,34891263,Posted: 11 September,all,[JAWA] Eagle07,Initial performance is ok on my 1080ti  bounces off the 60fps frame cap with only a few drops below... but loading the game the next day the performance is absolutely terrible.    Making a fresh game and the back to the 60fps limiter... loading  a save ... back to horrible.   There is something severely broken and the game will be amazing if they ever fix it.... Till then don't but it.
76561197995938574,Not Recommended,306760,26521547,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Megaboat,"At first, I thought this game was going to be like The Witness (which I loved) but with Myst-like environmental-mechanical puzzles instead of trace-a-path thingies. Unfortunately, Obduction is weighed down by poor design choices and poor performance, and I wouldn't recommend it.Poor design choices: what really kills it for me is howtediousit gets. The vast majority of my time in the game was spent running over long and complex paths from place to place. Obduction commits a cardinal sin of puzzle games: it offers puzzles whose solutions are easy and obvious, but take a really long time and a lot of busywork to execute. There's a particularly egregious one in the last third of the game that involves going up and down an elevator and incurring a many-seconds-long loading break at least fifteen times, and a many-minutes-long circuitous trek on foot at least once, that made me almost give up on the whole thing.Poor performance: even high-end PCs struggle with this game, even on medium graphics settings, which make it look pretty mid-2000s-quality. The fact that they madesphere-swappingthe central puzzle mechanic of the entire game without optimizing it to nearly nothing smacks of a rushed-out release to me.On the bright side, Obduction's atmosphere is terrific, and it does offer a few genuine ""wow"" moments. Its audio design, music, and art are great.But no amount of great aesthetics can save a puzzle game with bad puzzles. I think Obduction had a really promising concept and botched it. I hope to see another game execute it more successfully someday."
76561198060502104,Recommended,306760,32313636,Posted: 10 June,all,iightfyre,"Theres a lot of good and a lot of bad going on here...The good is that the story is very compelling and gets really wierd really quickly (which is a good thing!)  The lore is amazing, at points I was sitting down just reading papers and learning about wtf happened to my character and what this is all about.  Very strong story telling from our friends who created Myst.The puzzles seem difficult enough to keep you thinking and exploring and I did think to myself ""uh, I think I'm stuck?"" a few times.. but I was always able to keep pushing forward.The bad is.. well.. it just doesn't run properly.  I'm on an i7-7700 with an OCd 1080ti and 32GB DDR4 with 1TB SSD.  And I'm only playing at 1.5x SS.. so, don't think my PC is the issue.  The game is simply not optimized.  No matter what GFX setting i choose.. low -> epic and everywhere in between, I get massive reprojection (20% +) and frame stuttering whenever objects are nearby (flower pots, etc).  It doesn't make the game unplayable but it's really a shame that it isnt running well.  I have a top end machine and I play this at medium settings because the stutter gets unbearable at higher gfx.  and even on medium it stutters :*(The other bad is.. you can't interact with much.  If you can touch it, its probably part of a puzzle.  You cant grab random items and throw them around just because you want to.  After playing Rick and Morty, I was really dissapointed that 98% of this game is non-interacable :*(Still, I would recommend this because the story just outweighs all of the bad things going on here.  Enjoy the ride, I am!"
76561198093077171,Recommended,306760,25583378,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,samwise,I have been really enjoying this game. Grew up playing the Myst series so this is a nice addition. The worlds are visually stimulating and some puzzles can be quite challenging. Would definately reccommend this game.
,Recommended,306760,25611255,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,foleydil,"Excellent game, truly brought me back to the puzzle-solving days of Myst and Riven. The environments are large and complex enough to be challenging, but not frustrating. I got a lot of satisfaction from solving the puzzles, and the story was interesting enough to keep my attention - I had to force myself to stop playing!Took me about 17 hours total to finish, wish it was just a little bit longer, but that's my only criticism. Cyan did a great job keeping the spirit of Myst alive with this one. Absolutely recommended for fans of the genre!"
76561197996185519,Recommended,306760,25119723,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,fxknight,"Let's go down the list...Gorgeous graphics? Check.A world which encourages gentle exploration? Check.A vague feeling of mystery? CheckAbsolutely no clue what I'm supposed to be doing? Check.Welcome back, Cyan. We're glad you're here."
,Recommended,306760,25471319,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Butter me up Scotty,Masterpiece.
76561198053112885,Not Recommended,306760,26241592,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Lee139,"I absolutely hate that I have to do this, but overall I have to give this a thumbs down.After playing for about a dozen hours or so, I just lost interest.  I'm not sucked in.  I don't really care about any of these characters and It's still tough to get a real grasp of what's even going on.  I want to be engaged, but I'm just not and the game really falls flat because of it for me.It started out great.  The puzzles in the beginning were very clever and I thought it had some great promise.  It just never seemed to go anywhere for me.-The load times are atrocious. Warning bells in my head were going off when I saw the technical spec requirements for the game. My comp can run it decently, but the requirements are really high for all but the most hardcore computer gamers.-It's so easy to get lost and disoriented.  You get the feeling like you're running in circles.-The music is nothing to write home about. (this is a particular shame for me since I was really looking forward to it)I don't regret the purchase because I want to do my part to support this genre because I love these types of games.  Unfortunately, I'd rate The Talos Principle and The Witness higher(which is a shame because I thought this game would be better than both of them).  The ""it"" factor just isn't there."
,Not Recommended,306760,25418629,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,cKy Stew,Myself and many others are experiencing terrible performance on high end rigs of all sorts of different specs. The game stutters terribly and devs haven't addressed it. The stutters and FPS drops totally take away from the immersion to the point where I just cannot recommend it. 8350/GTX 970/12gb/SSDNegative reviews look suspiciously brigaded too.
,Recommended,306760,31977773,Posted: 26 May,all,E-200 Paragon,"This game is a lot of great things, but Myst's ""spiritual successor"" it is not.SummaryObduction is a First-Person, Point-and-Click Puzzle game created by Cyan Worlds, the very same company that created the fabled and legendary Myst series.Just like with Myst, the game tells the story about an unseen and voiceless stranger that gets taken from Earth and ends up in a world that is both beautiful and intimidating.The plot pretty much follows Myst to the letter with a few creative differences.You end up in Hunrath, which is a small town of Arizona surrounded by a vast alien landscape.As you explore, you'll find evidence that something horrible happened not too long ago.The town wasn't the only world taken and the people ran into three alien civilizations.Eventually, you encounter Cecil who gives you tasks to complete in order to get back home.You must go to three other worlds to solve puzzles and help Cecil complete his plan.From there, all you do is retrace the steps of the inhabitants to learn what happened to them.ProblemsNow, I'll give them plenty of points for effort, but this game has several flaws.The first problem is the story itself and the lack of diversity.There are four worlds in Obduction known as Hunrath, Maray, Kaptar, and Soria.Hunrath is a small town from Arizona modified with alien technology.Maray is a majestic forest and home to the Villein.Kaptar is a mechanical fortress carved into the mountains and home to the Arai.Soria is a desolate wasteland and home to the Mofang.On each planet, technological devices called Seeds travel across time and space searching for individuals to ""save"" and place inside a ""Cell"".Each Cell is a piece of a planet taken from a point in time in the past or the future.The four cells in the game each have a tree, which has existed long before the people of the Cells arrived, that can control space-time by allowing for instantaneous travel between Cells.To simplify all that I just said, it's too much exposition in too short of a story.Myst's story was told at a leisurely pace with each installment adding to the universe.Obduction's story slams so many things at once that it's nearly impossible to comprehend.You can figure out the story by taking the time to read all of the notes and books left behind by the inhabitants, but some notes require you to complete unnecessary puzzles to access.The second problem is the Seeds, which are Obduction's version of the Linking Books.Unlike the Linking Books, there are a couple puzzles revolving around which Seeds you use.These puzzles involve swapping pieces of land to create pathways.I'll admit, that's quite ingenious, but this connects to the third problem, which I'll get to later.When you use a Seed, it generates a circle around the object containing the Seed.Upon activation, the Seed teleports everything, including the land, to another world.The problem here is you have to keep track on which Seeds you use.At the start of the game, many of the areas are blocked off by Seeds from other worlds.In order to unblock these pathways, you have to locate the corresponding Seed in the other worlds, activate them to unblock the path, and then use a different Seed to use the pathway.The third problem is the ludicrous amount of backtracking.While this was inevitable throughout all of the Myst games, especially if you made a mistake, it hurts Obduction's replay value since it has such enormous maps.Many of the puzzles require you to travel multiple times between worlds using various Seeds.The loading time between each Seed takes anywhere from a few seconds to a couple minutes depending on your operating system and the in-game graphics settings.Additional NotesNow, before you go slamming that Thumbs-Down button, I want to point out that there are a few good things to mention about this game, so what's good about this game?Well, it's got amazing graphics, impressive soundtrack, an original idea and story but it all feels half-baked for a lack of a better word.I certainly had fun when I first played it, but I couldn't get into it as much as I did with the Myst games.ConclusionOverall, it's an amazing game that is definitely worth buying, but it would've been better if it wasn't trying to live up to the fame that Myst brought to the world.In addition, its story feels rushed and incomplete with too many questions left unanswered.A successor, by definition, is an individual whose talents surpass those of its predecessor.In order for Obduction to be Myst's spiritual successor, it needs to have its own immersive universe and lore that's as good as Myst's if not better.Obduction is an opportunity for Cyan Worlds to create a brand new universe for us to explore, but they must risk the initiative if they want to make it a reality."
76561197960460623,Recommended,306760,29838905,Posted: 10 February,all,Shazbot,"Just had a good play through, only got stuck in one section and used a hint where the 222 number didn't show up in the final stages of the game but all in all was a very good game. Great alien world. Good puzzles."
76561197961517049,Not Recommended,306760,26430019,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,The_Rapt0R,"As much as it pains me to give a thumbs down, this game is not ready. I liked Riven and Myst a lot and do want Cyan to continue their good work. Therefore, this 30 USD donation to them.Obduction, well, I love the way they're showcasing the Unreal Engine at times, but then, I can agree with other peoples' criticism:- soundtrack: meh- story: meh (too driven off, seed stuff not explained in detail)- level design: exceptionally weak (_so_ many long ways, train tracks not in a circle, portals dropped in at random?, back and forth between worlds)- cumbersomeness: exceptionally large- puzzle design: starts great and logically, then see previous pointSo no, I cannot reccomend this game, but would like to see more stuff from the Myst universe. Hence, ""buy it anyway"" :)"
76561198022988448,Recommended,306760,25117430,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,FredNash ✌,My game keeps being stucked in loading ?any1 who can help?
76561198135955496,Not Recommended,306760,25447332,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Jiggaman2000,"Preface:THIS REVIEW FEATURES PUZZLE SPOILERS!!!I'm a fan of Cyan and have bought most of their games in the past. I enjoyed Myst, Riven, Exile and Revelation (Riven happens to be one of my all time games, an epitome of the adventure genre) and I hope the developers do take their time to read this.Review:I am saddended to say that while I enjoyed Obduction for what it was, I have to give this game a thumbs down in the end due to its current state. Here are the reasons that brought the game down for me:Cons:1. I have been following the game for months and when Cyan decided to delay it I was OK with it. Better to release it as polished as possible, any yet, its still poorly optimized. In my case it studders most of the time, even with the following specs:Intel Core i7-4770kBallistix Tacital 16GB DDR3 SDRAMEVGA 1070 GTX FTWSamsung 850 EVOMind you, it even studders when options are set to the lowest settings. All the other latest games run fine.2. In the later stages of the game, it heavily relies on the teleportation devices. While they're an interesting piece, the problem here is load times that go with their frequent use. Even with my setup, in most cases, during use it takes over 10 seconds to load an area from start to finish and that gets annoying when trying out puzzle combinations.3. No option to SAVE GAME. I've been looking through the menus and unless I'm missing something I don't see an option to manually SAVE. Why would you not include this? I honestly feel like the AUTO SAVE system is part of the reason why the game studders. Even though it doesn't occur frequently it seems like its part of the problem as my frames go down after each save.This is also the ultimate deal breaker for me since I fell through part of the world in Maray and I'm currently stuck in the river and can't go anywhere.This occured while being in the lower area by the teleportation device on the maze puzzle where you have to rotate certain pieces in order to make a path. 4 hours in and now I can't progress because the game AUTO SAVED and the only place to load a game is me standing in the river, unable to move.BUG: The incident occured when I started the teleporter and walked up to a wall of the room before it completely initialized. I clipped through and fell down. The teleportation process cancelled because I went out of the teleportation sphere.Here are some photos:http://imgur.com/a/2iFWL4. On the topic of photos, the photo system needs some work. In a low lit area (during gameplay) you're able to see text and make out detail but the photos come out dark. I used the photo system in order to keep valuable info on hand and in certain cases I couldn't even read it.5. The initial area, Hunrath, was interesting. The other worlds seemed incomplete to me for some reason, like you're just passing through in order to progress. They looked gorgeous but there didn't seem much substance behind them, if this makes any sense.6. The overall dificulty is a step down from previous titles. I read somewhere that this would be the case. While I do mention this since I think this is a con, I don't put much value on it since I knew what to expect.Now I could ramble about other aspects of the game, such as the acting or the music, but I'm being lenient. In conclusion, the overall product is definately not on part with most of their previous titles. Even though this didn't turn out so well, I do hope that Cyan stays afloat and continue to make worthy titles."
,Recommended,306760,26554190,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Koolan,"A masterpiece of subtle, elegant world and puzzle design."
,Recommended,306760,25118231,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,YouTube/MonzyGames,"I really enjoy this game, part 1 was so amazing to play, thank you so much to share this world and new experience with us!https://youtu.be/oChag37zPNE"
76561198210685721,Recommended,306760,30099893,Posted: 22 February,all,Tiger,"Finnished the game in 12 hours. Intruiging story, great atmosphere and good graphics. Puzzels where medium to hard, I had to use a guide on a few occations.Great game if you like puzzles!!"
76561198053137221,Recommended,306760,26364373,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,martinarscott,"Wow, how did I nearly miss this game ? Released a month ago and I stumbled across it by pure accident...fortunately !I was a huge fan of the Myst games, have played them all at least 3 times. Riven was my favourite, it really pushed the boundaries of what was possible in a computer game at the time, puzzles were logical but very challenging and extremely rewarding to complete without  any hints at all.We were really excited to find out Cyan had produced another game after such a long break and so far we're loving it. If you enjoyed the Myst series this should be right up your street. If you've never heard of Myst but enjoy graphical adventure/puzzle games then I highly recommend giving this one a shot.Superb graphics, great music & sound effects, and so far the difficulty level is about right. Turn out the lights, stick it on a big screen, crank up the sound, and become immersed in one of Cyan's superb worlds....On a PC with GTX 1070 and an SSD we don't have any issues with loading times that others have mentioned, graphics maxed out and it runs great. Thoroughly looking forward to, hopefully, many more hours working our way through it with a fair bit of challenge and headscratching thrown in !!"
76561198002549182,Recommended,306760,26579199,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Gufubu,Play this with VR !
,Recommended,306760,25193595,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,El Hombre Mayonesa,YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,306760,26304449,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,00svo,"Very cool world, good story. Nice puzzles, not too difficult. Getting through feels rewarding. I hope to see more games from Cyan."
76561197981588360,Recommended,306760,28728698,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,40GallonTophat,"tl;dr: If you liked Myst, buy this immediately!  10/10Ps & Cs:+ Beautifully designed world+ Great controls+ Wonderfully convoluted world that is extremely well interwoven+ Great puzzles that never felt shoehorned+ Good use of red herrings that wouldn't keep you busy for too terribly long+ Cool ending+ Never had to use a guide as everything was very intuitive+ Lots of clues+ A character helps by directing you when needed- Fell through the world once, this can be resolved by switching to point and click mode briefly- One device is very poorly programmed and you can't click the correct buttons (red-herring so no biggie)- Notes can be VERY hard to read.  I feel bad for anyone with less than perfect sightOh my god.  This was one of the best games I've ever played!  My only real complaint was that there were a few points of the world that were just too far apart.  For two separate puzzles/sections I had to do appx 2 hours of running back and forth.  You do interact with a few folks in the game, but it's setup as flat FMV, very reminiscent of the early Myst.  It made my day.  I cannot recommend this game enough.  I'd have been happy if I had payed $60 for this.  It's a steal at $30 and it's downright criminal when it's on sale.  10/10"
76561198354070550,Not Recommended,306760,31069474,Posted: 10 April,all,Tiny Bradshaw,"This review is for the Mac version of the game. I eagerly anticipated this release, being a fan of Myst and its sequels back in the day, but was very disappointed due to the frequent crashes and poor performance on my recent maxed out MacBook Pro. Hopefully it will get better, but if crashes bother you it might be best to wait."
76561197971570606,Not Recommended,306760,30841176,Posted: 30 March,all,Arizona Willie,First imp;ressions === not good.In VR teleporting juped around and most of the time when I teleported I found myself standing on a gridded floor in a grey mist while apparently it reloaded the scene.Very difficult to deal with. Did not like the teleport implementation. Needs walking with thumbpad.Playing Flat next.Both way there was much problems trying to use the mouse to select things. Cursor constantly disappeared. Could not tell where the hell I was on the menu(ss).More aggravating than the poor teleport.I will give it another try tomorrow perhaps but my initial reaction is DO NOT BUY.I have never returned a game before but this one may be my first.
76561197970661633,Recommended,306760,31072917,Posted: 10 April,all,teemochs,"Found a boudary leak.  I'm stuck on a ledge on the side of the temple in kaptar with no way to get back to the boundary pit I fell into.  It would be nice if this game kept more than one save point.  Now I have to go through the beginning stages again.  Are you listening, Cyan??"
76561197970882112,Recommended,306760,35323844,Posted: 29 September,all,tekman2000,"Absolutely, positively fantastic.... especially on the HTC Vive.I just finished playing Obduction using just one hint (not a walk through)..... and I am soooo glad Cyan made this game.... after having played through the complete MYST, Riven, etc. etc. series (and understanding ahead of time that the failed attempt of making the Multiplayer world of Uru would go no where) Obduction is the game I have been waiting for.If you love playing games like MYST, Riven, The Room, The Talos Principle, Portal, Q.U.B.E. etc. you will enjoy Obduction.Obduction is well worth your money.... so I will just say get it.... you won't be disappointed (smile).-----not strictly a review, I just wanted to reply to ""nay-Sayers""----The one thing I have learned from games like this is..... if I am having a problem with a puzzle .... it only means that I missed something and that I need to step back and look at it differently and usually that I need to look elsewhere because I have missed something. Every single time.... looking at it from a different angle..... has allowed me to get past a part where I was stuck. Puzzle makers of this awesome quality are God's at making the solution look so obvious and ""one-way"".... when in fact the answer is entirely from a different angle. Just don't give up and keep looking around.Of the negative reviews that I read.... 8 out of 10 (excluding where there computer did not meet the minimum requirements or the fact you can fall through the elevators if you move while they are in motion) were because the player thought there was a ""bug"" in the game when it was just that they could not solve the puzzle when the answer ""seemed"" so obvious.... it just needed to be solved a different way."
,Recommended,306760,31673218,Posted: 10 May,all,notintheface11,"Fantastic and mysterious in a way that only Cyan can capture. It's dragged down by a few extremely tedious puzzles towards the end, but this is journey that you simply must take. There were countless moments that had me and my friends who were watching had to pick our jaws up off the floor because of the sheer spectacle of what was happening, and not many things can accomplish that in modern gaming. If one of your most memorable gaming experiences was delivered to you on CD-ROM in the mid 90's, then you can't miss this."
,Recommended,306760,25139094,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Allas,Beautiful successor to the Myst series. Gorgeous graphics and great puzzles; only two or so puzzles were too tedious.
76561198009804342,Recommended,306760,25197287,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Katzemann,Buggy but worth it. 10/10.  Wish there was one more world.
,Recommended,306760,25136928,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Big Jeb,This game is amazing 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,306760,30601157,Posted: 18 March,all,Evil Trout,"This game was almost amazing. However, the puzzles towards the end were inexcusably frustrating. Every time you'd make a change you'd have to load your game, which made it very tedious."
,Recommended,306760,25326691,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Inoshiro,It's like the myst games but injstead of magic it's aliens.
76561198007708775,Recommended,306760,25327611,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,JOLLYGREEN84,"bad♥♥♥♥♥game, myst fans will climax over this one!"
,Recommended,306760,25328758,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,cheeseholidays,"Would recommend it, generally speaking. Definitely some performance issues though."
76561198019694924,Recommended,306760,25156849,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,NeoSlayer,"So lets see, having played Myst and Riven I am able to say after playing this game for 5 hours that it will delight fans of those games.  It's almost open world, you have to stay on paths, you cannot jump, crouch or have any inventory items.  But then again I have only played for 5 hours so you might see something later on in the game. For someone having not played Myst or Riven they might have a hard time playing this game as you are jumping back in forth through portals turning or flipping switches.Would give this game a 7 our of 10 at this poing."
,Recommended,306760,25156947,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,VincentJones,"Play this game. If you ever loved adventure games, if you ever feel like there aren't enough games like Cyan titles of the past, play this game.Even if you never played Myst: If you like to get lost in a new world, play this game.Thank you Cyan for making the best game I've played in a long long time."
76561198098756982,Recommended,306760,25177787,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,WollKnoll,Loving it..... For those that love puzzle games this is for you....
76561198111938095,Not Recommended,306760,32185222,Posted: 4 June,all,EKOodlarn,"Badly designed lightning. Poor fullscreen support. I do not recommend this game if you don't own a VR device. If you have a or will buy a VR kit, than buy this game if you like challenging puzzle games."
76561198150548949,Not Recommended,306760,25923124,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,david,"Was really excited at idea of something new from Cyan, but this game lost my interest within 20 minutes. Disappointing really. The visuals are uninteresting and spartan, desert-like human landscape and alien world with rocks and blobs. There doesn't seem to be much to interact with. Narrative elements are very similar to Myst, slightly scrambled video, man encased... ""who the devil are you?"". A little bit self-indulgent, or trying to please Myst fans? I have no idea, failed on this Myst fan. I would rather be immersed in a new story. Seems like Cyan started it and folks like the Firewatch makers are carrying the fire forward these days. Sorry, I know how much work goes into these things, kudos for that... but do I want to help fix the power lines? Nope. I think I'll get off the planet straight away ;-)"
,Recommended,306760,33258346,Posted: 4 July,all,Cholschuh,"Good Game, but I would of love to see more puzzels at the end, in the red area. Seems like a waste of a world. But Love the myst titles and enjoyed this one. All except for the constant crashing of the game."
,Recommended,306760,33192441,Posted: 3 July,all,[ECHO4423],If you're like me and have fond memories of the Myst games even though you weren't particularly good at them then you will probably like wondering around this lovely game as well while you try to figure out what the ♥♥♥♥.My only knocks against it is the intermittent stuttering during gameplay and the sprint speed needs to be 30% faster.
76561197998783809,Recommended,306760,33221570,Posted: 4 July,all,shot.h,"First off, this is a Vive version review. I highly recommend this game if you're an old school Myst series fan. It's not as hard as some games in the series, but it hit me right in the nostalgia. The puzzles start you off easy and break you in at a reasonable pace. Once or twice I had to let a puzzle sit overnight for me to think of the solution (exactly the sort of thing I missed about the old MYST games). Overall the content of the game was top notch.Gameplay with the Vive: I loved being able to walk around in the puzzle world I was trying to solve/escape. That being said, some of the action motion controls added for the Vive don't work very well and feel wonky. One or two instances of having to switch to the point and click mode to do an action that the Vive version just wouldn't let me do. Even with the occasional wonkness, it was a beautiful place worth walking around in versus seeing on a flat screen.Performance issues abound. Even with a pretty decent card you're going to have some judder issues in VR.  This place looks great, but isn't super cheap to render.Overall a fun, pretty, moderately challenging adventure game."
76561198386923043,Recommended,306760,33161577,Posted: 2 July,all,pcatherwood,"This game did download correctly and I was able to play for a short time however; I can no longer see the game on the monitor. Message continues to say game is ""running"" but still unable to view. Have changed screen resolution no luck, changed monitors no luck. Please assist or I will request a full refund.Thank you."
76561198116234113,Recommended,306760,29145221,Posted: 9 January,all,Bionic_Fox,"Obduction is a good game. Not as good as Myst or Riven in my opinion (and you haven't played those then GO and DO SO!!), but is altogether a fun and rewarding experience. Obduction has great graphics - nothing mind blowing, but it suits the world and is pretty in its own right. Most puzzles are very well thought out, and always satisfying when you finally complete them. Only a few edge on unfair-difficulty (but nothing like some of Riven's).The game starts off slow enough, picks up the pace as you start discovering more mechanics and places to go, then slows down a bit towards the end as some puzzles might drag on or get repetitive.Like Myst and Riven before it, the story isn't a huge aspect of this game, but Obduction's storyline isn't as satisfying. No spoilers here, but the ending was a bit confusing and not too satisfying.However, I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys exploration puzzle games. Obduction will easily give 11-18 hours of gametime, with good puzzles that only rarely become obtuse.Obduction was a refreshing return to Cyan's older works. It was very fun to have the sense of wonder at a brand new world again, and even though this game isn't perfect, it's definitely worth picking up.A solid 8/10 in my book - Cyan did a good job on this game. :)"
76561198041298605,Recommended,306760,28911662,Posted: 1 January,all,Violent Protester,Simply amazing.
,Not Recommended,306760,29929123,Posted: 14 February,all,MouseThe,"Running Around Trying To FInd Numbers simulator. Waste of time, puzzles are uninteresting. frustrating, and there's no ""ah-ha!"" moments to be found. if those moments are somewhere after the first 6 1/2 hours i put into the game, its not worth it to get to them. Very dissappointing, i hope i can get my money back. I was going to purchase Myst if I liked this game, but if Myst is anything like this, I'm saving my cash for a better puzzle game."
,Recommended,306760,29130786,Posted: 8 January,all,ничего не понимаю,"It's alright, most of the puzzles are pretty well done and it's a lot better paced and less obtuce then Myst, but one annoyance is that some of the puzzles require a lot of trial and error, but require waiting through a fancy 30 second animation before changing anything, meaning if you have the puzzle set in the wrong solution it can take upwards of 10 minutes waiting as you change something, backtrack and wait through the animation, go back to test, then repeat, which gets horribly tedious, luckily there are only two of these puzzles in the game. Ending was also kinda silly.Also another annoyance is that the in game setting and lore claim that hundreds of people lived in the world over a long time, however the world is clearly more designed for the gameplay and puzzles then for any logic, as there are a total of 4, maybe 5 living spaces, with 3 of them reserved for one main character... did the other hundred just bunker down into that tiny extra house? And why was the only bathroom in the mayor's house... what did they eat? There's only one tiny garden, one journal said someone brought a tomato, did the entire population just rely on other people bringing things? I know these questions are pointless to the gameplay but in so many hours of backtracking between areas the questions start to compile.The first hours of this game are very well designed, with every area having some puzzle reason and lots of Dark Souls like shortcuts looping around the map, but in the ending hours I came across a lot of areas that were simply window dressing as you walk from point A to point B; there was one area that I teleported to, which turned out only to be a hallway to a second teleporter, why not just teleport me to where that second teleporter lead to? For some reason there are a lot of paths near the end of the game that only lead to lookout points, but at that point in the game I've gotten passed the ""ooh, unreal4 sure is pretty"" to the, ""well this route was pointless"" phase."
,Recommended,306760,25431367,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Wugzi,"This game brings back all the best features of Cyan Worlds games. The nostalgia is real. For the amount of money that was put into this game, you can tell they made the most of it. A lot of love and attention was put into this."
76561198259165616,Recommended,306760,29227033,Posted: 13 January,all,epajatakis,"No doubt a great game but inferior to Riven. Riven provided two levels of challenge - unlocking places and solving puzzles. Obduction, maybe the tower puzzle aside, is only about unlocking places. Tedious long walks where you know what you have to do but takes ages to go from one place to the other. Plus some unexplanable issues - a door is closed and after completing a task unrelated to the door you find the door open. Small railcars dissapear without obvious reasons after you complete an unrelated task just to make an access available. Linking between different worlds does not have the consistency of Myst or Riven - it looks rather like a patchwork. Riven remains the eternal jewel."
,Not Recommended,306760,28850084,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,askelly35,"I like puzzle/adventure games.  Especially the ones that take me to interesting 'non-earth' places.  Obduction succeeds at presenting interesting new worlds with a big does of mystery.  But...there's so little to interact with ... and the story is so vague... I was so lost...  that I lost interest... no longer trying to solve it on my own...to the walkthrough I went...  and then skimming through that... trying to find some story...Obduction is more puzzle than story...  and if you want only that, you'll love it.   If you want story too... well, you'll only find the outline of a story...  but perhaps that's enough.. just not for me.I can't recommend it..."
,Recommended,306760,25154102,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Axis,"Cyan does everything right! Reminds me of when I was a kid again with their puzzles and hidden gems throughout the game. Seeing the backer content in the game, im sad i didnt know about the kickstarter on this project. Cyan has been a part of my life since I was a kid, I wont make that mistake again. I hope this game gives them the boost back into the gaming community again. Thumbs wayyyy up! Grab this game and enjoy!Us older guys truly had the best experience with myst and riven. No internet (or no real google then) to spoil things. I remember a phone line for $2 a min that would tell you hints. lol.Resist the urge to watch dummy twitch streamers who know nothing of the series or youtube ""reviewers"". Just grab a beer, pencil and paper and turn the lights down. This is how you CYAN."
,Recommended,306760,25418556,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,genoforprez,"I both love and hate this game.To be more precise: I love the game. I hate the loading. So. Much. Loading.I really can't emphasize enough how much loading there is. There is a lot of it.A lot.I love it because it is Myst! It is the Myst I have been waiting for. The Myst that so many others try to imitate but just can't do it like Cyan. It is strange and mysterious, and I pulled a lot of levers, and I rode various carts on various types of rails, and I had to decipher a bizarre counting system and, you know, MYST STUFF.But I have to be honest: the loading times are objectively the longest I have ever experienced in any video game. We're talking loading times as long as two minutes at times. If this were any other game, I probably just would have stopped playing. As much as I love everything about Obduction, I found myself numerous times not wanting to play it and just playing something else instead, because I only had two hours of play time to kill, and I didn't want to spend it on all those loading screens. That's the other problem is that there are not just long loading screens here and there. There are also FREQUENT loading screens. The central puzzle mechanic puts you through a loading screen every time you manipulate a piece of the puzzle. Imagine Portal where there was a loading screen every time you move through a Portal. Imagine The Talos Principle where there was a loading screen every time you move a reflector or jammer.It kinda kills the joy a little.Granted, the loading screens when manipulating the puzzles are much shorter. Maybe 2 or 3 seconds, but their frequency still takes a toll on one's enjoyment. Part of the magic of Myst is the escapism of going to another place and feeling like you are actually there, and getting lost in that feeling so that you don't even realize it's 4am. But when you are waiting on the game to load this frequently, it constantly breaks the fantasy and kills the mood.Yes, I remember having to constantly change discs back in the day, but at least that was only occasional. Once you were on a disc, you were fine. This is worse than changing discs, IMO.I should note that people with SSDs are reporting significantly shorter load times, but if you don't have an SSD... well... keep a smart phone game open for those loading screens.It's the Myst you love! Back in all of its beautiful Myst glory! I just wish it were back without the dead weight of all this loading hanging around its neck.VERDICT:I'd bump it up to a seven if not for the loading screen situation.7) A classic, essential, and/or must-buy game that is worth full price.6) A good game that is worth the full price.5) A pretty good game worth checking out--especially if discounted.4) A fairly good game, but I'd recommend buying it discounted.3) Not great, but a few redeeming qualities. Only buy if heavily discounted.2) Only worth checking out if you are dangerously curious.1) Avoid at all costs."
76561198030278630,Recommended,306760,25360170,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,BBrutal,"This came out to $1.67 per hour of gameplay for me.  I beat it and enjoyed it, but the game is definitely short.  Additionally, the load times are atrocious, and the acting is pretty bad.  I would advise you to wait for the price to drop."
,Recommended,306760,30275277,Posted: 2 March,all,Abdhul and The Funky Bunch,"One of the best games in this particular genre, second maybe only to Riven. The puzzles aren't exceedingly hard, so if you ever wanted to get into Cyan games, but were afraid of getting stuck, this is just the game for you. Even the kickstarter stuff makes sense, and remains very inobtrusive throughout the game.It is also a very beautiful game. At some points breathtaking, even. The most aesthetically pleasing game of 2016, no doubt."
76561197970530408,Recommended,306760,25726883,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,christofer.jones,"Love the Atmosphere, puzzles are challanging but not impossible especially to the seasoned Myst player. A must own if you like a realistic puzzle story game. I can't wait for Cyan's next game.I played the Witness and enjoyed it ok while OBDUCTION is a far better game hands down. CYAN INC. are the true masters of this genre. They have set the bar again.A solid 9/10"
,Recommended,306760,25728603,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Erik Cheetah,"If you like the Myst games, you'll like this game as well. The worlds in the game are stunning visually, with distinctive environments, interesting puzzles, and a story that is weird in the way only Cyan can do. Some optimization problems and the puzzles in one particular area of the game can cause big headaches, but the experience offered by Obduction is worth the trouble.PROS:* Beautiful graphics, technically and artistically. Some areas are jaw-dropping, including the very first time you emerge on Hunrath, the desert world. This really feels like a game made with great attention to detail.* The story is interesting. Cyan has come up with an original idea. The story is delivered through holograms, journals, hints in the environment, and of course a mayor who doesn't seem quite right. Don't be put off by the superficial similarity to the Ages from Myst games. Obduction is something quite unique.* The worlds themselves are distinctive. They look and feel like they come from different worlds.* The sounds and music complement the visuals and are almost never intrusive.* There is a numbering system, which is a plus for me :) I found it a lot of fun to crack. It features prominently later in the game, so take some time to wrestle with what Cyan has come up with.CONS:* Obduction's biggest problem is its optimization, specifically in how it loads assets. That means that even on high-end systems, players may experience ""hitching"", where the game abruptly drops to 1 fps for a few moments. For me, this happened about once every five seconds. The only solution was to turn the ""draw distance"" setting down to almost its lowest setting. No other graphical setting helped, so keep this in mind if your game hitches also.* While the story is fascinating, the game delivers it unevenly. It comes in big globs spaced throughout the 10-15 hours it takes to beat this game. For the endings to make any sense at all, you'll need to do some detective work.* One major puzzle mechanic is teleporting part of a room with you between two locations. This is really cleverly done... up until the jungle age, Maray. There, the player must teleport different spheres back and forth many, many times, trying to see what sphere goes where.Why is this a problem? Because every time you teleport, the game has to load the world. Even with the other world cached, this means a wait of 15-30 seconds each time. It starts to get very tedious when you're not 100% sure on what to do. Bring some patience.* There's a strange loading zone in some of the trees. Suddenly, you stop dead in your tracks and might think something's broken. If you see a small spinning circle in the top right, just wait a while."
76561198032650017,Recommended,306760,25729720,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Dexter Destruction,"Story 10/10game 10/10graphics 10/10First off, The story line. I am hours into this game and not only does the mystery behind everything get deeper and deeper, It only gets better as you go along. I cant stop solving the puzzles because I NEED to know what happens next! As a seasoned gamer I can tell you this sort of thrill for a story doesnt happen all that often and this is easily one of the best ones i have come across.The graphics and environments are BEAUTIFUL. Everything about how the maps are layed out makes the storyline that much more beleivable. A lot of thought went into every little detail.I enjoyed the Myst games as a kid and I am damn sure enjoying Ubisofts newest game as an adult. I will be very sad when i beat the game and Very excited for the next one they come out with."
76561197972479800,Recommended,306760,25732629,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Starchaser,"Just finished the game, and although a little bit on the short side, it was the best experience of that kind since i played the old myst-series, truly a worthy successor =)Hopefully this game will be popular enough to justify a second part (and a third, and a fourth, ... ;P)Big thanks to Rand Miller and his creative team, they did an awesome job there!!!!!"
76561198043132223,Recommended,306760,25333414,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Random Strategy,"Overall score: 6/10Puzzles: 7/10Plot: 6/10World-building: 8/10Graphics: 5/10 (note: I was playing on the lowest settings; they can be a lot better)Performance: 1/10________________It started out good, and the first age was really well designed (with only a few small problems). However, the next two were less good and fell fairly flat. In Kelmar, getting anywhere required a lot of walking and the puzzles involved a lot of backtracking and little else. Moray just reused the same 2 puzzles over and over. Soria was completely empty. The plot (very rich in Hunrath) also seems to falter out during Moray and Kaptar, with the ending a bit disappointing, and leaving me with some unanswered questions. It seems like the game was rushed, and that they never had the time to create Soria, or fully flesh out Kelmar or Moray. Disappointing.A word has to be said for the UTTERLY ABISMAL performance. Even though I was on the lowest graphics settings, the game generally felt laggy and unresponsive. And every time I changed world, I had 15 minutes of loading time. 15 MINUTES! And a lot of the puzzles required many trips between ages (ex: the Moray maze required minimum 10 jumps, and that was if you worked out everything immediately, with no room for experimentation). The only way I managed to enjoy this game was by doing other things while it was loading. I estimate that about 95% of the game was a loading screen for me, and that the actual gameplay only took about 5 hours."
76561198069340825,Recommended,306760,31194226,Posted: 17 April,all,Gepro,"Great Game,  some of the puzzles felt more like a chor then a challange but overall satisfying.  Similar to Myst/Riven obviously while not holding it back to that."
76561197993926445,Recommended,306760,35261556,Posted: 28 September,all,alldreamsfalldown,Brilliant and very engaging. Shame about the technical issues.
76561197971947821,Recommended,306760,35022987,Posted: 17 September,all,Crewman,"Like Myst, the story is a mystery that is uncovered by working out layers of puzzles.  If you like this kind of thing, this game is a lot of fun.  I love it.  It's a nice break from shooters and action games.There were a couple parts that I would not have finished without cheating and looking at a walk-through.  One was a place where the controls in the game were not very intuitive and didn't really work right.  I spent a few hours in basically the right area, but the weirdness and brokeness of the controls kept me from moving forward.  A walkthrough put me on the right path there.There are a couple parts where there's way too much ""Loading..."" and then wait time that pulls you out of the immersive game play.But those issues aside, this was excellent.  This has been one of my 3 favorite VR games so far."
,Recommended,306760,35249435,Posted: 27 September,all,Julz,"I liked it. I played the myst games, and I didn't really feel too let down. Got stuck at times, other than that, I enjoyed it. I didn't experience any glitches/performance issues, like some others."
76561197965345752,Recommended,306760,30893433,Posted: 1 April,all,quixrep,"it has great graphics, It seems to lag and take a bit to move, might be the graphics loading on my side. I a m stuck in the first level and not sure how to move on, a lot of the handles dont move when you grab them, again it might be my computer lagging but I have a $2k system build just for the Vive, I would hope it is enough to keep up."
76561198160576229,Recommended,306760,25598368,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,MajorMal,Great game. I had a lot of fun playing it. But there are a lot of bugs that need to be worked out.
76561197984451288,Recommended,306760,25578638,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,sjd9910,"For a long while, I had been playing any point and click adventure that I could get my hands on. I missed the days of Cyan and their brand of point and click. This game is what I was waiting for! I was hyped the moment I heard Cyan were back in the saddle. The only regret I have is missing the Kickstarter campaign!As soon as I started playing, I was hooked. The whole experience brought me right back to playing Myst. The visuals are stunning, the cleverness of the puzzles is on point. There were actually moments where my jaw dropped! Very few games can do that for me. The people at Cyan are definitely engaged in what they are doing; their passion for environments and atmospherics shines through here. The game was well worth the wait, and the price! Thank you for making this game, Cyan! You haven't missed a beat!In short, if you're reading this and wondering if you should get this game - stop right here and buy it! Now! You owe it to yourself!"
,Recommended,306760,25579513,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,SonOfADiddly,"A Very Good Game that took  me immediately back to Riven and Myst, but with updated features such as WASD movement (if you want it) and a full 3D world. Not a lot of story, but a unique type of puzzle game where the whole world itself is the puzzle. Do yourself a favor if you play and don't look up spoilers. Warning: there are some tedious load times if you don't have an SSD or fast hard drive, there's just no way around it. Still, really fun- would be good to play with a spouse or family member on the couch with a Steam controller."
76561197989556520,Recommended,306760,25587180,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ZZTJackrabbit,"This was a pretty amazing adventure/puzzle game with an intruiging story and environments. I don't think I've played a game like this in a long time, and I wish people would make more games in this style.In my opinion, the only real negative part of the game is the constant loading times in the later parts of the game that require you to constantly go back and forth between areas. Even with a top of the line PC, the loading times are still significant, so don't think you can avoid them."
,Recommended,306760,25591226,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Eph,"A great revival of the Myst style games. Wonderful puzzles, interesting story and lore. The visuals and sound design are right on point. I hope there are more games like this to come in the future."
,Recommended,306760,25342739,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Hero of Rhyme,"A fantastic return to form by Cyan!Pros:- Puzzles that make you think. You have all the information and clues, you are only limited by your ability to put the pieces together.- Amazing world and story, brought to life by your own discoveries instead of through cutscenes.- The camera feature is a godsend, instead of physically writing down every bit of information you feel may be useful you can capture it with an in-game camera and review your photos whenever you like.- The alien number system you learn is genius once you realize exactly how it works.Cons:- Loading times and framerate in some areas may get annoying depending on your hardware.- Traveling between different puzzles feels like a chore, and in many places it definitely feels like the developer placed arbitrary obstacles in your path to lengthen your walking time.- One steam achievement can only be obtained through following a walkthrough or by traveling backwards in time to become an original kickstarter backer with an appropriate pledge level.- Out of four explorable worlds, only three contain puzzles."
,Not Recommended,306760,34503118,Posted: 26 August,all,Tenbrink,"The game and atmosphere is fantastic in itself, but that's the only positive thing I can say about this game as a VR experience. It is tremendously unoptimized and is still almost unplayable in VR, it doesn't matter how low you configure the settings, it's still a stutter fest with or without asynchronous reprojection. I don't have a monster PC but you'd expect a 1070 should be able to handle it. Other games with on par visuals run fine."
76561197982242868,Not Recommended,306760,31719269,Posted: 13 May,all,[i]Scooba Nate,"A year ago I said ""this vr stuff reminds me of those old first person adventure games like Myst. Those sorts of games would be perfect for vr""Unfortunately this game is having performance issues for many users, including me with my 1080 and Oculus. I believe I was getting 45fps most of the time, and extra stutter when close to objects. If they fix this issue, then I'd say buy it and enjoy :)"
,Not Recommended,306760,29936519,Posted: 14 February,all,cheshire.panther,"There is a thing I call ""A curse of Cyan"". Whatever Cyan touches fails and turns into a♥♥♥♥♥♥I can't understand it. The only explanation I can come up with is that many years ago they made a game of such an epic and tremendous scale that they run out of magic completely.Riven was not good. Well, it was sorta good, but it had those first stains of mold, a first faint traces of the future Cyan's dimise. The puzzles were not as good. The world was not as charming. A lot of things were not as clear and not as elegant as they were in Myst, and some things were plain weird.It was really obvious when Presto Studio released Myst 3 and mopped the floor with Cyan doing everything they should but with much greater talent, much smaller budget and overall much better.Then Cyan released Uru and it was a claster♥♥♥♥. And Myst Online that had such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ puzzles that you need a literal 10 page long guide, 4 people and a several years of brutforcing to solve just one of it. (Check the walkthrough for Ahnonay if you think this is some kind of joke. It 's not)Then Cyan released Myst 5 that sucked HORSE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥So nothing could possibly go wrong about Obduction, right?Right.Interestingly, the game is not bad. It is just not good enough. Puzzles are not interesting. Engine is slow and buggy. Game is rushed and half-done. Loading times - I should not even bother complaining about loading times.And the worst part of all is that every time I see a puzzle I can almost guarantee that there will be some♥♥♥♥♥♥ Some annoying stupid thing that makes no sense and provides no value, no challenge and no interest to the player and I have no idea why it is even there aside from Cyan being Cyan.I can see that Cyan really, really tried, but Cyan curse is impenetratable. So don't play this game and go play Quern instead.Quern is what Obduction should be in a first place. Thanks god we have it instead of another failed attempt from Cyan and our tears and broken hearts and another ruined year."
,Recommended,306760,25119786,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Rymdkatten,"This game is truly awesome if you like mysterious, classic adventure games like the old classics Myst and Riven. So far the puzzles have been not too easy, nor too hard. Graphics are nice, but game could be a bit more optimized. So much fun to see FMV again!4/5"
76561197970560691,Recommended,306760,32077344,Posted: 30 May,all,Blade Powerhawk,"Game looks amazing, loving it so far. I have a VIVE, and I don't have any issues at all with performance.  980ti."
,Recommended,306760,25133608,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Jonesy,WHATThe ♥♥♥♥ this lever do?
76561198010070139,Not Recommended,306760,30760288,Posted: 26 March,all,kmkkmk,Terrible performance in HTC Vive. Just sad.
76561197997625230,Not Recommended,306760,26760465,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Artfact,"I really wanted to like this game.  Myst and Riven were great.  This game, not so much.  It's a decent attempt at a non-linear puzzle game, but often there is not enough information to connect the clues to complete a task.  Codes sumbled upon over here are needed at a door over there.  How am I supposed to make that connection.  If you can complete this game without a web browser open to a walkthrough, cheers.  You're smarter than I am.If you're hard up for a puzzle game, this might be for you. I'm not and there are too many other better games to spend my time on."
76561197994849111,Not Recommended,306760,25369333,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,nholthaus,"I would have given this game a five star review...Except for the fact that saves only come in the form of autosaves. And then 75% of the way through the game, you fall through the floor, and your only save is in a glitched out state and you have to start over.And it's not good enough to start over from the begining and finish."
,Recommended,306760,25129543,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Panama,its pretty damn good
,Recommended,306760,26433055,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ahmbouth,"beautiful game ! it's cool to play something different and that remind us the old days :) graphics are very nice , but the game needs some optimisations, i'm struggling with my GTX 1080 on both my 4K monitor and my Oculus Rift (if you play it in VR, you have to max the anti-aliasing and scaling settings out to have a crisp and clean image."
76561198079612088,Recommended,306760,32305028,Posted: 9 June,all,peerhenry,Intelligent wonderful journey.
76561198021437141,Not Recommended,306760,30067617,Posted: 20 February,all,Kozel,"I have just beat this game. The plot was mildly interesting. Very predictable though, but no matter.The implementation, however... Oh my, do not know where to start.Technical implementation is bad. Just bad. I have really top PC: 32Gb ram, haswell, gtx980, ssd. Game loads for 2 minutes! I counted! This is the longest loading game I ever saw! (and I saw both FAKK2 on PC and plants&zombies on iPad). This game is all about teleports, and teleportation takes from 10 to 30 seconds! I think that out of10 hours I used to beat the game, I have spent 1 or 2 staring at teleportation load screen effects. When a lot of teleporting started, I had to set my graphics quality to low to reduce teleport times. So i will write down ""gigantic pixels"" ""washed out textures"" and ""no antialiasing at all"" to game qualities because for me those where unavoidable. On PC that runs say Overwatch at all top settings at 4k resolution, this game barely made it on lowest settings at 1080p resolution. Poop.Steam shop claims that the game has ""full controller support"". LIE! I used Xbox 360 and while I generally was playing with it, I had to resort to a mouse all the time. Human control panels are inconvenient to use with gamepad, and alien ones simply does not work. Besides, game made me to press RS + A at the same time, and that is a bad practise. Many valves and knobs suffer from directional idiocy: arrow clearly points down, yet I have to press left, and if I press down, valve goes up.Droning on. In graphics settings there is a thing called ""gamma"". You usually don't touch it, or set up using a template image and do not touch it. In this game, gamma setting is a part of gameplay! If you set it low, you do not see in darkness. If you set it a bit higer, you can not read documents. I had been toggling it all day! I spent half an hour trying to take the lantern from the starting area with me, because i though that is why corridors are so dark.Oh, by the way, if I alt-tab from the game and get back, graphics resolution changes to 720 and refuses to go up until I restart the game. Hello, several minutes of loading screen!Conclusion for developers: guys, next time use Engine Black. You can't Unreal (few can, actually).Conclusion for gamers: You must be a real fan of the genre to tolerate the implementation. And gameplay is not Myst, but much, much weaker."
,Recommended,306760,26018979,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,mturbeville,"I really want to like this game; I love Cyan gams. But it keeeps crashing,   :(Edit: Steam update seems to have fixed the problem. Now I hope they DON'T give me the refund I requested. It's another Cyan success.My one complaint: I'm constantly reverting back to walk, because I feel like I must be ""walking"" when I'm actually running."
76561198314458301,Not Recommended,306760,32142137,Posted: 2 June,all,VanillaNinja,I cant even make it to the 'house with the white picket fence'. I'm not even 5 minutes into the game and it keeps freezing and crashing. Worst money I have spent in quite a while.
76561198037292165,Recommended,306760,32200713,Posted: 5 June,all,S11houette,great game
76561198063942102,Not Recommended,306760,32136836,Posted: 2 June,all,PS5Owner,Entire 1.3 hours was spent fiddling with the settings which locks up the game every time you change them.Frame rate is jittery in VR with a 1080I put everything at low so it looks like an N64 game and I'm still getting reprojection.Too distracting and takes away from getting immersed in the game.
,Recommended,306760,25140175,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,malventano,"Looks promising, but serious interface bugs in the settings dialogue. Current settings don't show when returning to the settings screen. All sliders / resolution repeatedly return to the previous defaults, even if the game was already running at different settings. After further tinkering, this appeared to be some oddity if settings were applied before a new game was started. There is also a zeroing issue with the gamma slider / asteroid background when adjusted prior to resuming / starting a game. I'll recommend it, but there are definitely bugs present."
,Recommended,306760,25155853,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Aidsplosion,"This is exactly what I was looking for. An exploration game with actual handcrafted content, beautiful worlds and a tremendous sense of nostalgia. Almost makes me forget No man's Sky (almost).Loving the adventure so far!PS: I'm writing this review, hoping it gives the game a small push toward ""overwhelmingly positive"". Almost 96%!"
76561198161844945,Recommended,306760,30900072,Posted: 2 April,all,SnakeDoc,The game works pretty good for me in VR on Vive so far. I have an Nvidia GTX 780 Ti in an almost 2 year old 2000 $ PC (including the GTX 780 Ti)Is like RIVEN in VR and I am sure the few “issues” that it has will get patched soon.Adventure games are great for VR and this is ONE OF THE BEST I would say . . . .
76561198115701400,Recommended,306760,31147206,Posted: 14 April,all,mokifinoki,recommend. good wandering game with puzzles and no map! intriguing!
76561197970891605,Recommended,306760,31162729,Posted: 15 April,all,fluffy clouds,"Beautiful, as expected. Really enjoying it."
76561197991367424,Not Recommended,306760,31978100,Posted: 26 May,all,Lincolnshire,"While this game has great potential (and I loved the original Myst and Riven) this has some major issues in VR. The game is constantly dropping me back into the holosuite and the lighthouses pop in and out at random times totally breaking the immersion factor - which, if you really think about it, is the whole point of playing a VR game.  I honestly think the testing put into the VR version of this game (which costs more incidentally) never took place beyond someone putting on the headset and saying 'yup there's a game in here - job done!'Right now I have shelved this game until either an update fixing the problems comes along or I forget about it. I think I know which one will happen first."
,Not Recommended,306760,32581254,Posted: 19 June,all,Superman,"I loved Myst 1,2,3,4,5 (some more than others), and Riven the sequel to myst, I even own Pyst.  I own every version for the PC.  That's how much I love it.This game however dissapoints on oh so many levels.  It may be made for vr but it looks like crap in surround monitors, or even a single monitor.  I could understand if this was 1994 where everything is stiff and none flexible, made by pre rendered frames, or a low polygon count.  For example there are some clothes hanging on a line and they are blocks.  No moving no swaying no realisim at ALL, you run into them and you stop.  So much for immersive VR.  This is where the game goes down hill for me. In the orignial myst game you were limited by technology of the computer and media play back.  Today those limitations are only an issue based soley on time.Nothing in this game should be stiff or invisible walls, or terrible ramps, or interaction difficulties.  And the puzzle system is not a puzzle, it's a linear story driven game.  I'm not saying it is not challenging at times.  The problem is that the challenges are linear.  Only ONE WAY to solve it.  THAT IS BORING!  A to B to C is the only way to accomplish anything and there aren't even any clues, and the guy in cell won't even give hints.  How long has he been there?  And he can't even tell you where something is, that is not thought out very well.  This is 2017 (2016 release date) and not 1994.  22 years has made 20 million improvements in technology and video play back, this game should NOT be so linear.It truly feels like Myst from 1994, or Real Myst from 2000.  If that is what Cyan was shooting for then good job.  This game however is ugly and narrow from my many years of gaming experience, and today you have so many more options, and choices to make things happen it makes me sad to have to back to a linear play style.  One thing I know everyone hates with MMOs is fetch quests.  Back and forth, back and forth, back and forth.  That is 75+% of what your game time will be.  This isn't even a open world for crying out loud.  And with the endless invisible walls I was just getting a headache from banging my virtual head into everything.Simply put this game would have been better as a movie.This game has some stunning scenes and great graphics, but eye candy can only get you so far.  Myst had revolutionized the way we saw video games in 1994, and this just reminds us of ancient technology and narrow story telling.  I hope Cyan can learn something from this.This game sadly is a 2/10 for me.  This would have been a interesting game back in 2000.  Today there is just so much more we should expect from story telling games.  I would not recommend this game to anyone unless it was on a really good sale."
,Not Recommended,306760,34323442,Posted: 18 August,all,Tristan379,"Significant stutter despite all settings turned down, and maxes my CPU in the opening town. The CPU usage while not interacting with anything, is already on par with heavily modded minecraft... The game needs some optimization passes to run on anything but a top-tier PC, and that is before VR. In VR, not only were the controls extremely annoying to figure out and use, but every time the game stuttered(up to multiple times a second), steam VR would fade out the game as if it was closing before immediately popping back into existence.But those weren't even the deal-breakers; That would be tolerable if not for the fact the playable character has severe hearing damage/issues that are most head-ache inducting thing you can imagine. Let me explain:Imagine you are facing something making a noise, and turn to the left. What do you expect to happen? Because in this game your right AND left ears get a volume increase when facing sideways to a speaker. I had a character that was too quiet to comfortably hear facing him, and too loud to tolerate when NOT facing him. I'd try turning up the volume if I didn't think I'd accidentally destroy my own ears upon turning away from a loud noise and multiplying the volume again by 500% in both ears.Not recommended until the PC finds time to get hearing-aids, and take a shot for the hearing AIDS he seems to have. The story and setting actually seemed really interesting from the small glimpse I gathered before giving up; If you have an SSD, an A+ CPU, and can find a way around the character's sensory schizo, then dive in!"
76561198371311577,Not Recommended,306760,30483050,Posted: 12 March,all,willie,"PRO: Typical Myst style game play, renders are beautiful with rich textures. Great concept with interesting story line.I played all the Myst series and I belive this non violent experience is great.CONS: Bad stuttering with my system, Win7pro, 64bit, 32Gig mem, SSD, Nvidia GTX-660, 3G mem. Others report stuttering also,  makes for a very unpleasnat and frustrating experience. I'm going to stop playing until it's fixed.RECOMMEND: NO. Until they identify this issue and fix, it's a crap shoot if it will play smoothly on your hardware."
76561197984576500,Not Recommended,306760,34038027,Posted: 5 August,all,Moonshadow,"A huge disappoinment, loading times, crashing, plus the game gets quite tedious after a while so much so I just lost interest and stopped playing."
,Not Recommended,306760,29578205,Posted: 29 January,all,Techerock,"Although I would love to give Obduction a poisite review given the amount of playtime and intelegent gameplay that it has I simply cannot due to crappy load times in the game. That is plain and simple way too much time sitting with my hands on my butt waiting for zones to load. I cannot recommend this game to anyone at this point until it is either better optimized or the load times drop. What is worse I am running the graphics way down which one one think would improve this, but it doesn't at all help. Cyan really dropped the bomb when it came to this fact.As of 2/8/2017I still encounter horrible load times although it got only slighty better overall in that point 3 to 7 minute load times for a puzzle game for me is way too much this also includs about a 7 to 10 minute load time into just where I left off in the game. I currently as of this review still have to stick with my original  assessment & not recommend this game.This isn't quite a full review due to the part I haven't even completed this game, but those facts keep me from making a full review."
,Not Recommended,306760,30915220,Posted: 2 April,all,WhiteCoconuts,"I was a huge Myst fan growing up and I looked Cyan up and happened to see their kickstarter.I was really excited about this game.However, ran on the new MacBook Pro 15"" but dual graphics on a 34"" curved LG monitor the lag was too much to get into the game.Perhaps the Windows version is better."
76561198034550148,Recommended,306760,28109374,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Exizt why,"The thing is a blitzkrieg of audacious cognitive revelry. I'll save you the effing IMDB pretend critic crappy hat that explains that same theme every gofdamn time. Play the effing game to become its nearest cousin and judicous interloculater of said pleasure. However, I suppose they meant the teleportation stuff between the shifting globules to be some sort of visual codified shifty magic but it is pure garbage on my recently decent system. Just ruinous. To the point it can take up to a minute after a shift and button spam. I despise that odd crapatonic plugin they shoved into their mess of lines.Lovely walk in a puzzle dripping in sunshine effed up by embelic transitions. I still rate this thing spectacular to several powers of bliss minus several acid trips."
,Recommended,306760,26543709,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Swan,Excellent game!
76561198293514347,Recommended,306760,25124313,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,"""Big"" ""Frog""",I expected a spiritual sucessor to Myst and all I got was a Thomas the Tank Engine simulator
76561197995279150,Not Recommended,306760,30776858,Posted: 27 March,all,Qthedude,This game does not work well on vive it should noy be on the list of Vive games in steam.
76561197973629136,Not Recommended,306760,30770782,Posted: 27 March,all,Rogue Operative,"I have a Ryzen 7 1800x, 16Gig of DDR4 RAM, running at 2400MHZ. And AMD Pro Duo graphics-card. And this game runs like crap.Don't get it."
,Not Recommended,306760,26003360,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,plastiqscott,MAZE BUG!. Game breaking glitch causes you to either have to hack your saved file or send saved file to Cyan for repair... HEADACHE. Extremely frustrating. watched youtube endings of the game instead of fixing said file.
76561197995652048,Recommended,306760,31864116,Posted: 20 May,all,HappyEngineer,Modern Myst. Music was a huge part of the original Myst games and it's just as good in this one. The environments look insanely beautiful. Love it!
76561197996630468,Not Recommended,306760,26421897,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,trilobite,"Short version: This game has a very promising start, then degenerates into a hectic quest for switches. I would rename it, “Lost: In search of switches to flip.” Be alert for red herrings. The game is confusing enough without them. Why? Irritating and off-putting.I am a veteran and fan of all the previous Cyan games, but this is the first Cyan game I just stopped playing outright. The Russian control panel was the last straw."
76561198046311355,Not Recommended,306760,31088982,Posted: 11 April,all,Khronikos,"One of the most strangely amateur developers out there. Creative with artstyle, but inherently weak in the technical department to a fault. Always and forever. Because they will not fix their own game, which has stuttering and game streaming issues within the engine they use on Unreal 4, they start banning people on the forums. I've never been banned from anywhere on Steam, and I have been involved in some pretty harsh discussions with devs. These guys have no backbone, and they surely do not have the skills to have any idea what they are doing on a technical scale.Obduction is a decent game. It's not really anything special to be honest. But like Myst Masterpiece the technical level of consistency is all over the place. Textures and water look decent. But Culling is awful and hilarious on the water reflections. LOD is terrible. Other little nitpicks abound. The script and writing veers from mediocre to good. The graphics are decent for such a game, but come with such glaring issues it is impossible to overlook them. The puzzles are pretty good, but not really up to the legacy of what came before.The stuttering happens in distinct nodes on every map. You can walk over these nodes at any point during the course of the game back and forth to reveal huge hitches. It's compeltely immersion breaking, but this developer doesn't care and they aren't talented enough to do anything about it. I paid full price for this game even after they left Myst Masterpiece to die in hell. But this is clearly the last game I will ever buy from them. Complete and utter amateurs at their craft. Some talented art people and puzzle designers and that is about it. The way they designed whatever code they actually managed to output themselves does not work. And yet here we are with VR and Mac versions all with the same kinds of performance issues.I don't usually complain about games. I support many projects and many developers. But these guys just♥♥♥♥♥♥me off with their inability to properly design tech, and their fairyland ideas on what can be said in the forums. Who wants to walk through a game world where every ten seconds there is a HUGE stutter do to improper coding of the streaming assets and functions? Not me. While I may get through this game at some point, the fact they had to ban me from the forums for an opinion tells you all you need to know about them. Weak in the knees and not able to face criticism. And when it matters most they will just abandon the project and move on. I mean, I posted in the forums like once every three weeks lol. Grow a pair, Cyan."
,Not Recommended,306760,32619907,Posted: 21 June,all,donkey tron,"huge fan of myst and riven, paid full price within minutes of becoming aware of obduction.stutters and skipsmade the experience difficult to enjoy. majority of recorded play time was time spent adjusting video and graphics card settings to no improvement. customers have two hours of play time and two weeks from the date of purchase to refund."
76561198038614032,Not Recommended,306760,32181062,Posted: 4 June,all,paul.breeze1,Keeps crashing my PC. Mediocre game - too much trial and error where's the problem solving?
76561198139632170,Recommended,306760,28761964,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Grebbe,"Game was gud. Long and hard, but gud. Just as I like them. :)"
,Not Recommended,306760,32071177,Posted: 30 May,all,rosalinebeezus,"Overall, I don't like it nearly as much as the Myst games. While the game is visually beautiful, I'm not at all connected to the story and nothing is convincing me to stick with it. I don't see the point behind solving the puzzles or what should motivate the player to want to finish whatever the objective might be. I wouldn't necessarily recommend it, especially to those who don't like puzzles or slow-moving games."
,Not Recommended,306760,29034929,Posted: 5 January,all,LoneWolf2056,"Did not enjoy this at all, the game is spent about 5% solving puzzles and the rest just running about and waiting on the teleport transition/loading. It was never really an issue of not knowing what to do, all the puzzle elements are so spread out you have to just spend ages running back and forth over and over and over with huge distances between everything, the shortcuts dont even help. There are even parts with multiple teleporters next to each other and you have to wait about 20-30 seconds every time you jump back and forth, over and over. Everything about this game is just tedious and boring."
76561198295488438,Not Recommended,306760,25831299,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,marti,"Extremely disappointing. Well into the game, I experienced a fatal flaw that prevented me from continuing. The mine cart with the blue laser became lodged in the rocks with no way to extract it. The solution? Start over! Really? Spend 3 to 4 hours repeating what I've already done? How about writing software that isn't so buggy? I loved the puzzles in the Myst games and was very much looking forward to this, but now I feel like I just wasted my money."
76561198083022183,Not Recommended,306760,25242500,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,digger,"CONCLUSION: I love the puzzles but they are spread across the world without much direction of what you are supposed to be doing which isn't bad, but not what I am looking for with my busy schedule. Breathing taking visuals but marred with controls that disctract at that beauty and awful load times.I honestly wanted to love the game, but with 20/20 hindsight, I wouldn't pay more than ten dollars for it.Honestly, I half love half hate the game. The game is gorgeous period. I actually paused to take it in quite a few times at its sheet beauty, and I almost never do that for any game ever. Maybe because I wasn't expecting it, but dang it is just gorgeous. Everything is rendered as well.Everything else, annoyed or frustrated me to no end. The game isn't like the portal series where you have a section of the room dedicated to one or two puzzles. The game is the puzzle, and is farily large. I found myself walking more than I did actually solving things. Everything is spread out across the maps. Which leads me to another point of annoyance, the load times. It can take up to five minutes for the game to load sometimes, and when you have go back and forth between maps to solve something it ain't easy.I know the game only supports partial controller, but still it got to me how bad moving levers and pressing buttons were. Even when I was practically forced to use the mouse and keyboard, it still didn't make my life much easier. Coupled with the slow speed of the player even when running and not having a jump just kills me. Basically any game without a jump even if it never plays a part anywhere in the game, I need that jump to pass the time when going from point A to point B which there was alot of."
76561198109911384,Not Recommended,306760,27907584,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ladyfate,"I would really love to play this game. Unfortunately, even after uninstalling and reinstalling and restarting the computer, all I get is a blank black screen whenever I load it. If support gets back to me and helps me out I'll change my review, but right now all I have is frustration rather than entertainment."
76561198000789745,Not Recommended,306760,32230014,Posted: 6 June,all,Skyclad,bug riddled hot mess
,Not Recommended,306760,26595786,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,jenimalu,"Boring, slow and completly weird. No noise balance so you can barely hear characters."
76561198020085437,Recommended,306760,25119897,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Nokzen,"So far a very interesting Puzzle game, well optimized and great graphics.Ive never did play the Myst game, and i hear it should be a lot like that, i cant tell if it is, but if you are into a good adventure/puzzle game, id recommend this for its high quality, and clever puzzles so far.Watch some gameplayhttps://youtu.be/SgncwO0aYRU"
76561197986006218,Not Recommended,306760,26362000,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ratari,VR version is TP or Snap turn only... unplayable.I dont understand why there is no free turning with mouse :/
76561198245130224,Not Recommended,306760,25568652,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,krista_o,"Unless you have the patience of Job or the brain of Einstein don't bother with this game.  I have been trying to work out a maze now for over 11 hours and I have totally given up.  I will just watch Youtube for the rest of the game just to see the ending as I have invested so much time into it.  While everyone enjoys a challenge in a game, once that is so complicated does not make for any fun.  There are still lots of other bugs with the game freezing and shutting you down if you try to go a wrong way.I do not recommend this game for these reasons."
76561198029038840,Not Recommended,306760,29357530,Posted: 19 January,all,rah_carvings,"I could'nt wait to get into this game, have always loved the Myst series!  But, and it's probably my computers fault, it took ages to get anywhere , was very jerky and I don't like having to use the keyboard to move around, but if it works OK for you then you must enjoy!  Bob"
76561197970445391,Not Recommended,306760,25198710,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,.Head Zombie.,"Was very excited for this game. Have been playing since MYST came out. This game started off GREAT! Then the problems started raising their head after a few hours into it. Falling thru the map, Stuck Loader screens, an many other things that are NOT computer related. Now its not saving my games correctly. Certain puzzles I've solved are not solved when I continue from my game save (broken saves). Tried to get money back, but Stupid Steam has a 2 hr max time limit. Hell took me that long when I had to restart the game from the beginning after falling thru the map.I would wait till the bugs are worked out."
,Not Recommended,306760,33054245,Posted: 30 June,all,leppermessiah,"Not unlike Walt Disney's crygenically frozen head, this VR game will go into extended statis until there exists technology capable of returning it to life.3/10 Future perfect for a GTX 1280ti FTW++"
,Not Recommended,306760,28959113,Posted: 2 January,all,Larry David,"Some people will love this game, but I bought it based on the ""very positive"" Steam reviews and was disappointed. There were a few snags I couldn't overcome:1) The production quality appears on the order of an independent production. I expected amazing visuals based on the screenshots, but it doesn't quite hold up once you're playing the game.2) Technically, the game also suffers. The controls feel flimsy and sometimes the game hiccups for no reason. This must be because it's poorly optimized as my machine can handle much more graphically intensive games.3) The story banks on a mysterious aura and vague writing that I immediately realized would never satisfy the player. I've played quite a few games like this. Nothing is ever addressed directly. It's a story-telling mechanic increasingly used by people who either don't know how or don't want to commit to the details of their story. There's a right and wrong way to do this, and I think this is a poor execution.4) Everything is kind of corny.5) It's unpolished. Case in point: you can see the bottom of your character's shadow's feet in front of your character. If this sounds weird to you, it should, because that's not how shadows work.6) It's overpriced. I could overlook all this stuff if this was sold as some $5 indie game, but for $30 it's not worth it. Luckily, I realized all this before the two hour limit and I'm asking for a refund."
,Not Recommended,306760,25492562,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,jbustter,"The game is briliant the actors are ok'ish but the thing that kills me is the god damn stutering and loading times, in a game that's suppose to be about the enviorment its paintful when traveling though it causes you headics and forces you to wait ten god damn minutes to travel from area to area.I may have an old Hdd but I can run the Witcher 3 fine with next to none stutering and issues and loading times. This game itself doesn't look good enough to justify it. It took me out of the game and honestly ruined the expirience. Unless you install this on an ssd, dont buy."
76561198021879438,Not Recommended,306760,25238962,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,jag.smith2008,"I was really looking forward to this game, because I am a huge fan of the Myst games. However, when I purchased this game, I was unable to play without the game crashing to the desktop. Loading screens would lock up as well. I ended up returning this game without being able to play it for longer than 15 minutes. Very disappointing. I hope that the bugs get worked out!"
,Not Recommended,306760,25526992,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,grizzly_anderson,"This game installed but would never start. After two weeks of getting the run-around from Cyan Support I've given up. It is clear they have NO idea what the problem is and are just hopping I'll get tired, go away, and leave them my money. And somehow Steam thinks that I've played the game for almost 18 hours. Maybe it is counting all the time I've spent verifying files, running system reports and starting at the error message."
,Not Recommended,306760,26179211,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,surgen,"Stay away from this game.[After patch 2.0]First of all, Optimization is absolutely horrible. Using a GTX 980 Ti, 16 gigs of 2133 ram, a 6th gen i7 processor i get loading screens of up to 2 minutes to acess a small area. The framrate drops to 2 fps quite frequently making the game almost unplayable in some areas.It's a buggy pos too, crashed to desktop four times and my computer once. As a Bonus, every restart randomly resets configurations, such as language. Have fun playing the game in mandarin. One of the most important functions of the game (taking photographs to save information that is relevant to solve puzzles) is bugged as well.Now the game istself has three things running for it: A beautiful open world, horrible puzzles and a predictable story.The puzzles arent interesting and not rewarding at all since they do not demand logic but instead trial and error. A great example is an area that is locked off from you through a number code. In a nother part of the world there is a document which refers to this area as ""the tower"" and contains a hint towards the solution. You find ""New York"" and nothing else. At this point you hopefully recall that on a completely different area in the world there is a wall with some license plates and to convert the New York license plate numbers and letters to all numbers according to a system that is randomly shown on a completely different part of the map and to enter that code into this exact lock. Congrats! You can now acess two small areas that were visible previously. Feeling smart yet? You can miss a tiny detail among hundreds of meaningless tiny details and it's gg.All in all you will end up running through a beautiful world 100 times at 2 fps, interrupted by loading screens, searching the same area for the tenth time for a small detail that you may have missed to solve a puzzle that you don't care about."
76561198308735807,Not Recommended,306760,28925222,Posted: 1 January,all,SmokeS,This game was very boring and stupid at first. For the first 2 hours the game has absolutely no story and you have no idea what to do. It gets a little bit better later on but not much. I think this was a really bad walking simulator and people who havent played mist at all (there previous game) WILL HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO PLAY. This game also has bad gameplay with not much length in the game at all. It also has some crazy long loading times that get really bad with slow computers. I will say that the game has some pretty good graphics and tons of details included in the game. However that alone does not make this game good. I suggest not paying $30 for it.
76561198031786447,Not Recommended,306760,25237719,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ddibner,"Lord, where to start. High hopes and expectations meets an odd mix of people throwing accolades at the game while it is clear that a couple of patches drove everyone to their knees. ""I just LOVED it...so MYST like.....I hope that the next patch will allow me to get back to the place I was when it crashed."" Er...THUMBS UP! Look all those that seem to need to mention that helped kick start this game, need to be quiet and just start kicking or grab a defib...this game is DOA for those that bought it a few days ago.Thumbs up? No....hell no.I was ok with the first crash upon loading up after actually expecting that I could stop playing and return to where I was. I am not ok with the second crash having run all the way back to where I was. I will try to reload the whole game once again with the new HOT PATCH that comes along with notes that include ""not able to reproduce XXXX""  Is this EARLY ACCESS? Yes it is...it is as much early access as a paramedic at a plane crash!For those of us that played the whole gamut from MYST on, well:1. OBDUCTION is NOT ready for prime time.2. The landscape while attractive is dead and void of movement. Wind? No...nothing moves but water and that rates a 7.5 out of 10 (myst? no pun intended...no.) Birds, bugs? Clouds? No. Light changes? No. Soundtrack? disappointingly poor.3. Puzzles thus far are simple straight forward affairs that depend on one not being bored to death while one finds them. Clumsey comes to mind. This is not TALOS, at least not yet.I am hoping, really hoping that:1. The game will eventually play.2. The game will improve dramatically.3. The next complete reload will do it.Am I hopeful? Less so...."
76561198085117975,Not Recommended,306760,35188032,Posted: 24 September,all,lens11718,"VR is terrible, just terrible"
76561198041011747,Not Recommended,306760,25537248,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,gamil,"When I try to Launch my newly installed game, Obduction, I get the following message: The global cache file 'C:/program files (x86)/steam/steamapps/common/Obduction/Engine/GlobalShaderCache-PCDF3 D_sm4bin'is missing.  Your application is built to load COOKED content.....What in blazes do I do now?  I have been trying to contact steam support for the last 2 hours to no avail.   Please contact me with how to get the game going, or refund my purchase price.Thank you.Gamil@cox.net"
,Not Recommended,306760,31423238,Posted: 28 April,all,MeesterPlow,"Game crashes before it even starts.Can't find any help on this matter.If happens to me, and its happening to others it'll likely happen to you.NOT recommended"
76561198033223238,Not Recommended,306760,25267148,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Wasted,"Easy puzzles, incomplete story, poorly optimized and buggy. If not for the nostalgia you might have for Myst, I would not recommend this game."
76561198338669098,Not Recommended,306760,26466976,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,lsmall1,I was really disappointed with this game.  For me there weren't enough clues and I didn't get at least an idea on where to go next.  I'm not a full time gamer so when I do play a game I don't like wasting my time trying to figure what I have to do next.  I really wish I could have gotten a refund on this.
76561198108727305,Not Recommended,306760,34160929,Posted: 10 August,all,1100011,No keyboard remap !!??
76561198030816662,Not Recommended,306760,32409976,Posted: 14 June,all,8BallWizard,Too hard.  I spent more time on internet searches than playing the game.  I don't feel good about that.
,Not Recommended,306760,34242493,Posted: 14 August,all,~Yuki~,Pros:- Looks pretty- Thats about it :LCons:- No keyboard re-mapping- OBSURD loading times- 30 USD are you kidding me?
76561197969615250,Not Recommended,306760,31592314,Posted: 6 May,all,dink,"Playing HTC Vive. Game has issues. I somehow got myself on top of a tree (just a terrian object, nothing special), then autowarped into a room I couldn't leave. It looks like it could be a fun and immersive VR experience, but not yet."
76561197970826405,Not Recommended,306760,25275057,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ram1220,First let me state that I do not recommend the Steam version of this game. I had to get a refund because I could not get past the loading screen. The tips and tricks that have been suggested did not work for me. I went to Gog games and bought the game over there. It starts up and runs every time. So there is something in the Steam version that is causing problems. Others have suggested going to Gog and that's why I gave it a try. The game still stutters at times but is playable. I am running an AMD quad core at 3.84ghz with 16GB of RAM and a Radeon R9 390X video cardwith 8GB of memory.
,Not Recommended,306760,25220616,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,PizzaSHARK!,"I can't say much about the actual gameplay.  I played for about 30 minutes and couldn't find any settings that made the game decently playable.  Awful performance, with framerates constantly flip-flopping seemingly completely independent of settings.  My rig is nowhere near beefy, running an FX-4300 and GTX 960 with a plain ol 7200rpm HDD, but it's not exactly ancient either.  I can run games that look just as good with better performance than Obduction.  Some googling indicated some months old posts about the game basically requiring an SSD for solid performance, and generally beefy equipment elsewhere, too.All the big review outlets give the game high praise, so maybe the developers can focus on optimizing it.  Until that happens, I'm listing the game as unplayable.  Immersion is so crucial for this sort of game, and I simply can't maintain immersion when the flip-flopping framerate and hard lock-ups every time I hit the picture button are constantly reminding me that I'm playing a rather poorly optimized game.Maybe wait for a sale before picking this one up unless you have an absolute monster of a rig, or until some optimization passes have been made."
76561198330409923,Not Recommended,306760,25467683,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Bellatrix106,Can't even play it. Don't buy it!
76561197984487370,Not Recommended,306760,25862110,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,calkowski,"I had a good feeling about this game, quite challenging. After 20h of play this game won't start anymore.  I tried get my money back but Steam refiused since I played mor than 2h. There is no help, I bought 30+ games from steam and I'm done. The worst service ever. I couldn't reach any technican. Steam sucks, and I will not recomend it even to my enemies"
76561198025826627,Not Recommended,306760,29895194,Posted: 13 February,all,MAB,"Do I recommend this game? Maybe if you have a VR headset. This game is designed for VR. Otherwise what strikes first is just how poor the graphics are. Way down on the original Myst that came out in 1993. Yes the graphics are significantly worse than 24 years ago!!! The 'point and click' movement method leads you by the nose and is not fun. Using the keyboard gives me nausea. Also Myst had good music and sounds, and a good introduction. Obduction seems devoid of atmosphere. Cyan seems to be a shadow of its former self here. Very poor execution indeed."
76561198021615468,Not Recommended,306760,34535824,Posted: 27 August,all,isa_sama,"Unfortunately, I can't even get past the first few minutes of the game.  All I could do was walk forward for a few feet before the game froze on me.  Nothing I do seems to make it work, and my computer fits the CPU recommendations.  I loved Myst, but when I can still play a 20 year old game on my computer and not a year old game by the same people, there's something wrong."
76561197983447887,Not Recommended,306760,26320826,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,myztik,"I was really excited for this game to come out...but wow does it have terrible optimization.It supports crossfire and SLI yet despite using two 1080s in SLI and two 480s in crossfire in a different rig, I cannot play this game. There is so much stuttering and screen tearing even with vsync on. I have disabled SLI/crossfire respectively and tried playing on a single card without any improvement. Even on low settings the performance is terrible. Shame on the developers. I do not even want to know what people are experiencing on a budget rig.The graphics when you stand still look nice and the music in the begining of the game was fitting, but needless to say I will be requesting a refund. As the game currently stands, I would suffer through the bad optimization for about $5. Fix it and I will consider repurchasing it. Definitely not worth $30."
76561198063389122,Not Recommended,306760,30217069,Posted: 27 February,all,Runner,no good at all
76561198014500893,Not Recommended,306760,31570359,Posted: 5 May,all,cbernard1987,"If you have a Mac, then god help you. My macbook is only 2 years old and met all the minimum requirements, but looks like utter pixelated, blocky GARBAGE, even on the highest graphical setting. Bottom line, it is unplayable. :(The game itself (if actually playable) I hear is amazing, so I guess I will sit and wait for the PS4 version."
,Not Recommended,306760,25703793,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,mocaiv,"there's a LOT of walking/holding the freaking shift key to run and so much back and forth it becomes nauseatingoverall the game is good, the puzzles are not terribly challenging unless you're an idiot, and you will spend a lot of time staring at loading screens"
76561198022520189,Not Recommended,306760,25186413,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,issigrii,"There might be a game in here but its impossible to tell. I've paid for 3 hours so far of a game that doesn't load, crashes, and when you're actually able to play the game constant screen freezes. I was so hopeful after loving the original Myst and follow ups but now just wish I had waited month after release for a product that had some chance of working or at least have been a much cheaper disappointment."
76561198089168415,Not Recommended,306760,25243648,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,mharris,"If I could write a one word review all it would say is, ""don't"".  Yes the game looks amazing.  But horrible puzzles with graphic transitions that last way too long will have you pulling your hair out.  Some of the puzzles are so brutally hard with you having to travel to multiple screens to solve and that make no sense will drive you crazy.  It was a boring, mind numbing experience and I only got halfway through.  This is a game I wouldn't only want my money back for, this is a game I would want the comapny to promise never to make another game.  If you think I'm kidding just wait until the maze puzzle.  You've been warned.  My one word review?  DON'T!"
76561198295472043,Not Recommended,306760,29191670,Posted: 11 January,all,The Daiquiri Factory,98 minutes into it and it crashed twice
76561198087663013,Not Recommended,306760,34353224,Posted: 19 August,all,esmecammarata,"DOESN'T WORK ON MAC AT ALL! First I had the same error every time I tried to start the game, then after fixing that it still got stuck before I could really play! Waste of money :("
76561198095029239,Not Recommended,306760,25473633,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Johnny2 Fingerz,"Wouldn't even load, kept getting an error saying i need ms visual c++ 2015.  I wish I could have played this, but it wouldnt let me. I literally can't reccomend this because I have no experience playing it. I couldn't find a solition. I would buy this again someday, but I don't even know if it will work."
76561197972216867,Not Recommended,306760,26481228,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,bigboybob182,why is this game under virtual reality its not for vive or oculus so why is it there
76561197971988103,Not Recommended,306760,25196751,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Oscborp,"first launch of the game was going ok and was excited to keep playing but when i try to launch the game now it just stays stuck on ""loading..."".  i have to say i am disappointed, the original myst is what made me decide to become a programmer and i was really looking forward to playing obduction."
76561198043281963,Not Recommended,306760,32008433,Posted: 27 May,all,Atomic Walrus,"This product is a far cry from Myst, Riven or Exile.  The first puzzle in the game involves a system so far from reasonable that it cannot possibly be a mechanical system, but is not clearly explainable as magic, magnetism, electricity or some other complex force and is therefore unintelligible.  The graphics are very poor.  It made me miss the pre-rendered, click to interract beauty and simplicity of Myst.  Myst (from 1993) has better graphics than this game.  Maybe the puzzles get better later on, but I won't know.  I did not spend that $30 wisely."
,Not Recommended,306760,25181165,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,HonestAvery,"I had to refund this.I had such high hopes for this game as I had loved the Myst series in the past. I wasn't even able to truly experience the game, however, as the entire 42 minutes of my playtime was filled with awful stuttering even when I was playing with everything on low. I would have times with 60 frames (or above with vsync) that would instantly drop to 28 and back walking in the same area. My system clearly meets the minimum requirements and in some cases exceeds them ( fx 8350 cpu, amd r9 270x, 16 gb of ram). This leads me to believe that the game is either poorly optimized or is pretty exclusively made for vr ready computers, regardless if you plan to use one or not."
76561197972718105,Not Recommended,306760,25204304,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,pinkGrendel,"The poorly keyed and low res ""live action"" people was passable 23 years ago, but not anymore."
,Not Recommended,306760,28928951,Posted: 1 January,all,Chewblackka,No vive support. Don't support companies that do this.
76561197977409050,Not Recommended,306760,25188616,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,JDast,"Not playing, much less paying for a game with interminable load screen times.  I saw a post from the Devs saying they are aware of the issue.  That's great and all, but they can't expect my money to fix something so basic.  Kudos to Steam for offering the refund option.  Maybe I'll buy in a year or so."
,Not Recommended,306760,25206275,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,^8D^8j^8i^8n^8n,"Won't physically load. My laptop is new, like, unwrapped it 2 days ago kind of new. Can't get past the load screen after selecting your new game options. And I think it's a riot that Steam thinks that I've played for 10 hours. Too funny.I've dialed all the graphics all the way down. I've turned off everything I can in the settings panel. Still hangs at the ""LOADING"" screen, I get two laps around the circle and it dies everytime. I've rebooted, I've offered sacrifices. Nothing.Currently I'd like my money back until they get their stuff together."
76561197970551999,Not Recommended,306760,28197862,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,skapunkemo,Cannot change key binding. No play bye.refund
76561198052400748,Not Recommended,306760,32105762,Posted: 1 June,all,davidbollman,"Yuck,I played it for about 15 mins before I threw in the towel.  If you're buying the game for the graphics, don't you will be sorely disappointed.  On the upside, it does play reasonably well on my 7870 (no vr) setup.  The assets are static, mid level poly, mid level texture assets with minimal motion.  Much like a tree that comes bundled with a demo from unity.  My expectation from Obduction I can't say is a a real tree, but something that would draw me towards it rather than turn me away from it.  Other things that annoyed me include (other than all the other assets quality), were the circle right in the middle of my view finder.  Less so the subtitled text, but I can't see how that would be good for immersion.  again though, seriously a circle right in the middle of the screen, I found the right mouse button turns it off, but I almost shut the game of right then as it was such a bad design decision.  It kept popping back up.  The ability to not do alot of stuff turned me off, ie sign that says don't go in the water or death.  Ok I think to my self, time to see some death - oh wait, I can't go for a swim.... hmm (or jump in any river etc).  Very limiting that way.  I realized during the gameplay of this game what made myst great.What made myst great wasn't the graphics, or the puzzles, it was the lack of a better game like fallout or witcher 3 or so many other better games that we have now.  10 years ago is when this game should have came out and it would have been fantastic, today I spent more time writting a disappointed review than I think I played the game for.I'll retry it when I get a vr rig but I expect I won't be in it any longer than I was today."
76561198055260039,Not Recommended,306760,25162029,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,zewtastic,"I have played only a few hours, but enough to see that this is no Myst. Not even close. The graphics are fine, but based on modern games nothing special whatsoever, and in some cases I would say not that imaginative as Myst was upon it's release.But the biggest issue is the dumbed down game play. No challenge to any of the so-called puzzles. They are not even puzzles I guess, more how to get something working like turning on the fuel, starting something up. Connecting things that are simple. Finding switches that are placed in annoyingly stupid places just to make it seem complex.The game has the feel of somethin designed for a mobile device and for children or millennials. Nothing mentally challenging, no feeling of accomplishment, no brain teasers.On my main system, very powerful system the game runs ok. 980ti, 32GB Ram, SSDs, i7. I run at 4K all graphics maxxed. But on my lower end systems, 8 GBs RAM, forget it. Game locks up with a bad memory leak. Unplayable and the system has to be restarted to clear the memory leak issue that persists after the game closes.I have to say, after reading many of the positive reviews, I have no idea what game these people are playing. They have to be simply fanboi's or the Cyan marketing department because they are are delusional.I will continue to play and see if it picks up, but I see nothing of a Myst-like game here."
,Not Recommended,306760,26354968,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,vodkins,"First person game without possibility to remap keyboard/mouse buttons... 2016 year... What a shame, Cyan!ːsteamfacepalmː I can forgive such laziness or incompetence to lonely indie developer, but not an old and distinguished manufacturer of games. Especially for such a high price! Thank God this is the Unreal engine and we can modify the keys in the file. Next time I will think 100 times before buying your games. Please learn engine or spend our money for buying already made rebind blueprint system and bring it into the game! I don't want to talk about other aspects of the game because of that big huge failure. Until it will be fixed my review remain negative..."
76561198002771011,Not Recommended,306760,25167773,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,richter072,"bugs found:- doesn't install on second hard drive- audio has gaps every view seconds- shadow set to off but it re-appears- language set to en but it change to de- screenshot browser show wrong screenshots- got 1 crash, pc switched off completelyother cons:- tech support doesn't answer after 1 day- controls are not customizeable- subtitle speed is not adjustablepros:The game is like myst etc. and it looks quite interestingand has good artwork.conclusion:I must say I do not recomment it, until the bugs are fixed.For me, it is not tolerable to release a game with that much bugs.It shows to me that the game wasn't tested well before releasing.Maybe some bugs come from the unreal engine, don't know.Maybe better had used unity ..."
,Not Recommended,306760,34394747,Posted: 21 August,all,=KOBK= The_Growler,Although some of the scenery looks nice gameplay is not fun.  Here we are in 2017 and the game will not even allow you to jump?  Myst was miles ahead of this game and it is over 20 years old.Save your money.
76561198053879344,Not Recommended,306760,31816274,Posted: 17 May,all,tempestla,"Worst game ever. Graphics are terrible, and the game freezes within 5 minutes of launch. Bought as part of a bundle of Myst games, and unfortunately didn't play this first. Played another game in the bundle for 2 1/2 hours, so even though this is a completely separate game, Steam will not refund this or other games in the bundle. Terrible customer service, and I will NEVER buy another game through Steam,"
76561198004310959,Not Recommended,306760,25156618,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,mstummer,"Can't say much about the game yet, but it shouldn't be in Steam's VR section since, by the looks, it's not a VR game (disappointment)..."
,Not Recommended,306760,29862837,Posted: 11 February,all,Bwian,Just not a very good game.There's no hitmarkers.
76561198201842253,Not Recommended,306760,25131754,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,SirVeteran,ENDLESS loading screen. a bug who needs to be fixed
76561198019032551,Not Recommended,306760,32626784,Posted: 21 June,all,Legangsta,"I bought it especially for VR.This game is a ♥♥♥♥. A total complete ♥♥♥♥.It could ♥♥♥♥ a better ♥♥♥♥, but it's a ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥."
76561198050993993,Not Recommended,306760,25122782,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Dingena,"I am een Myst fan and i waited long for this game. I think it would be a wonderfull game if it would work but it doesn't. The game gets stuck on the loading screen. I learned that it works when you chance the language in the settings (which is very silly, that bug should have come out at the time of testing wouldn't it?). When i forget to do that, the game keeps on hanging on the loading screen and i can't get out, even Ctrl Alt Delete doesn't help. Loading a game doesn't work either, i get the message that it cann't be lokalized. Apparently i am not the only one who has these troubles. I hope they can solve this with an update. But for now i just had it."
76561198016667295,Not Recommended,306760,25119638,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,California Dude,Just tried the game today.  In all hnesty the graphics were not what I expected and I was not impressed.  They are too cartoony and even the leaves of the trees don't look very good.  I was expecting to be blown away by the use of the Unreeal 4 Engine in this game.   Note I am running this game on max settings in 4k on a Titan X so computer power is not the issue.  I feel that they are not making use of all of the graphics engines capablities and this is why the graphics don't look that good.  The graphics in Star Wars Battlefront and Rise of Tomwb Raider are so much much much better and I was expecting this game to be on par or even better.  So I am dissapointed.
,Recommended,306760,30387977,Posted: 8 March,all,Artistdude,Cyan still has the world building magic. Enjoyed the game and would love to see more from Cyan!
,Recommended,306760,30420951,Posted: 9 March,all,·Lombax·,"Exploration, discover, mysterious plot, great puzzles woven into great evnironments.. I loved every minute of this game."
76561197970899974,Recommended,306760,30459318,Posted: 11 March,all,sherbertsan,"So this was one of the coolest world-based puzzle games I've ever played.  Totally took me back to the days of Myst/Riven.  Even cooler was that I was able to finish the entire game without using any online hints, which made it even more rewarding considering some of the puzzles were just downright crazy =).   I especially loved the details that went into things like the old tape-player, all the books and notes, and the emmersive mystery/story.  The anticipation of wanting to know what happened, and where to go next, really kept me glued to this game like a good novel.  Great job Cyan!"
,Recommended,306760,30470480,Posted: 12 March,all,[HUN]DP,"After finishing the game:-storyline was average, if I substract the puzzle solving times, the story itself was a bit short-graphics is stunning (colors, transparency, lighting), except that some notes are not readable (too bright)-sometimes the wagon can stuck, and only game restart helps-the end of the game was just finished without detailizing it, the last world was not giving any puzzle possibilities-when I was changing active application from obduction to something else under win10 the audio stopped working for the game-even with an actually state of the art machine the loading times was too long, and the swapping animations were irritating slow-I just recognized that there is a copy game feature almost when the game ended, so I missed some achievements and there is only a chance when I restart from the begining (e.g. with that red machine, I was remembering that I should not approach it, I did not do it therefore I missed the achievement --> great)-the very end of the game in hunrath was simplified, I could have imagined at least 1-2 more puzzles (e.g. with the wagons)"
76561198097174055,Recommended,306760,30501781,Posted: 13 March,all,AhhCobras,"Overall I really enjoyed this game and would highly recommend it. $30 is a little on the steep side considering it's ~15 hours of gameplay. I would recommend adding this to your wishlist and grabbing a copy as soon as it drops under $20.Pro's:Beautiful landscapes, interesting plot that keeps you on edge, challenging puzzles, and overall great ideaCon's:Semi short gameplay (15 hours), easy to complete a task/puzzle out of order and get completely lost, slight optimization issues with the atmospherics on a certain portion of the game that involves lots and lots of fog."
,Recommended,306760,30674779,Posted: 22 March,all,Quiesdoe,"Ok, changing my review now (had a gamebreaking bug where I was stuck on a roof):After being able to unstick myself from the roof, I was continuing this journey.I was puzzling good and eventually found a teleporter to another world. This game is so beautiful!Seriously, I'm sorry for ever giving a thumbs down.This is the first time in months since I was standing in room scale vr and looking around, mouth open and just enjoying the scenery. Its so awesome to be in these worlds!There sure is a lot of walking involved, but hell do I not care in VR, there is always something to look at.Oh, and the loading screens aren't as bad as everyone says.Everyone, who enjoys a good puzzle game in VR should buy this. Seriously, its the most beautiful VR title I've played so far."
,Recommended,306760,30739364,Posted: 25 March,all,[Pwny]AUNTY BUTTFUCKER #DOGE,"Freakin awesome game, a lot of thought and creativity put into it but it doesn't hand feed you.  Playing it on a 1070 and amd 6300. Runs like a hot knife through butter with the Oculus but stutters if you're using touch controls."
,Recommended,306760,25153548,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Saluki,Really enjoyed this game. The stunning and alien enviornments really bring me back to the good old days. I also appreciate the mechanical/logical style of the puzzles; I don't think there's a single puzzle in this game that isn't intimately connected to the world. Plus it has a fulfilling ending. For me the game was stable and bug-free. I didn't have one crash in my playthrough. Totally glad I got this!
,Recommended,306760,25153572,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,SpaceGeek,"The game grabbed me immediately with the visual quality and cinematic feel. The high-quality storytelling that Cyan is known for is apparent from the first moment. It is amazing how much content Cyan has managed to pack into a single locale such that you think you've seen all there is to see only to have more revealed to you, all of it right there in front of you but not immediately apparent. Connecting all the dots is a big part of Obduction, from the puzzles, the main story, the lore, the characters and how it all interacts. Every object and every location plays a part in the Obduction story and the first playthrough really makes you feel like youve discovered something. An integral part of most Cyan games is what I like to call 'digital archaeology' and Obduction embodies this better than even Myst/Riven. The sense of discovery and revelation is something that cannot be equaled in any other game. The visual and audio quality is superb. I will definitely be returning to Obduction."
,Recommended,306760,25153755,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,lord_doom,"I picked this up to see what all the fuss was about, and 10 hours later I can safely say I'm a fan. It's an incredibly beautiful game, with some clever puzzles, and a story that's constantly egging you on to finf out more. All of that, and I'm not even a Myst fan.It's by no means perfect. In it's current state, there's a few places where you can get caught on the terrain, and there's some nasty frame rate spikes when loading new areas (moving to my SSD sort of helped). Some of the puzzles are made somewhat tedious by way of lots of back tracking and loading screens. These are by no means a deal breaker though, and a lot of the issues may well be fixed in future patches.So to conclude, if you like adventures, open world puzzlers or even just pretty ""walking simulators"", this should be an essential purchase."
76561197962466877,Recommended,306760,25239811,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,draC,Thank the sweet lord above for Cyan Games.And ♥♥♥♥ you C.W. for being such a stubborn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198011133664,Recommended,306760,25240900,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Static,"Going to stay positive, as I liked the game and reccomend it to anyone who liked the myst series. I will review this unbiased though.Story could of been fleshed out more, entire game I was hungry for more information, books, journals, interaction with more characters, anything would of helped, but its enough to get an idea of whhat your characters purpose is.  Endings(multiple) were...okay, they could of went a bit longer with it though, it did give some closure, but the story wasnt epic, and I feel they could of just put more time into it.Puzzels were very good, relatively easy compared to the myst series, and a couple times just time consuming, but overall very fun.Visuals were awesome, my rig is pretty beefy, but visuals all throughout were particularly good.In game atmosphere is solid, whatever group was in charge of making sure the game felt lonely, did a superb job.Overall its a good game for the full price, just wish the story was developed a bit more."
76561197967797335,Recommended,306760,25240946,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Cognizart,"Great game, very imaginative and well executed!"
,Recommended,306760,25375726,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Kohmei,"Overall I'm pretty satisfied with Obduction.It's very much like its predecessors, where you find yourself in an alien world, and after exploring long enough, you will find you can teleport to a few other worlds. The worlds are very beautiful and imaginative, and are fully realized by the first person real-time rendering. Your progression in these worlds is based on your ability to solve logical and practical puzzles, typically by operating some form of machine in the right way and at the right time. Observation and attention to detail are very important in determining how things are supposed to work as there is rarely an operations manual for anything you find.The game has a thin story to it, enough to lightly tug you from start to finish, and enough supporting lore to give you a general idea of what has happened in these worlds. It is on par with the other Myst games, with perhaps less emphasis on individual characters and personal drama.My biggest complaint with the game is how short and easy it is. I read every journal I came across and got both primary endings, and despite feeling in general like I was taking my time, I still managed to clock in at 10 hours. Myst games can be downright frustrating, and Obduction is definitely not that. So, this might be a relief to some who do not look back as fondly as I do on them. I still found the game very enjoyable, but I feel like at least one world was almost entirely scrapped, and there did seem to be a lack of complex puzzles.As far as performance goes, the game runs beautifully on my 980ti. I have a 120hz monitor and the game kept up 120 fps most of the time, which was really a sight to see. Graphically the game is very impressive, probably one of the best looking indie games. As an aside, I can't wait to see more games use UE4 if this was any indication of what to expect.I definitely hope to see more from Cyan as well."
76561198007461069,Recommended,306760,25374959,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,cmunson,"A three day weekend was the perfect time to binge on this long-awaited release. Story interesting and visuals were stunning. There were some minor technical glitches but nothing that ruined the immersive experience. The game was challenging, at least for me. Two of the puzzles each took me 2-3 hours to solve. This is a must have for any lover of Myst.Shocking price too, only $29.95. I think the Myst series was higher than that when released many years ago.Favorite adventure game now except for Riven."
,Recommended,306760,25379023,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,De Lift,"A must buy to people who enjoy the slow-paced, old-school adventure/puzzle games and a required purchase for any Myst fans.The level design is sublime, with puzzles rewarding you with shortcuts to locations you explored earlier or unlocking new areas of the game for you to explore. Every twist and turn there is something more to discover.There are alien hologram projectors, that seem to operate on VHS recorders and car batteries. There is a diesel powered minecart, that has an alien laser mounted on it. A character learned about the history and morphology of the flying insects by talking to them… somehow…It's beautiful environments, compelling story and interesting puzzles are only limited by its technical problems. Stutters and frame-drops are abundant and some invisible walls will leave you momentarily stuck on some geometry. But these are problems that can be resolved in a couple of patches.This game gives a sense of bewilderment that only Cyan-games can produce. Cyan, if you are reading this, can you make more? Please?"
,Recommended,306760,25348588,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,devyndamonster,Very nice puzzle gamePROS:-Puzzles are not impossible-Wonderfull environments to explore-Looks greatCONS:-High hardware requirements-Minor bugs (Photo gallery bug)-Underwelming ending
76561198025338477,Recommended,306760,25349115,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Adarynin,"My playstyle here is an alternating pattern of frustration and success: ""Hurray, I'm so smart, I can hardly believe it"" is immediately followed by rage quitting because I'm stuck and ""it's stupid and impossible"". Two days later I wake up at 5 a.m. and think, have I actually tried XYZ? And I'm back. Expect a slow game that takes patience. Allow yourself to continue later when you are in the mood.The game mechanics are fun and make you think in new ways. Take your time to explore and also let the beautiful landscapes sink in. There is no timer rushing you (the NPCs are just whiny). The designers make good use of dimensions and combine simple, obvious mechanics in interesting ways. If you liked games such as Myst and Riven, this is for you.Nuisances: I'm not finished yet, but I think there is too much explanation early on. Why answer questions that I haven't even asked yet? Why not keep the mystery alive in the beginning, and give me the details towards the end, for closure?One book spells out that there will bealiens. Just show me drawings with a few notes, save the longer academic books for later when I have more questions. It was an eery feeling when I recognized thebarnacles and beetlesfrom the drawings, it works.The book aboutseeds and treesfeels like a spoiler. Just let me experience it myself and reveal the secret behind it later. Yes, ""pressing the button"" will be confusing the first time, but it's mindblowing when you suddenly realize the pattern why there are certain obstacles and areas.Tip: It's a 3D puzzle! Look at all sides of objects, that includes back- und undersides. Doors can reveal and cover things at the same time.Cons: Some puzzles are hard to solve, because the button or lever does not respond to my click from the angle I happen to be standing at, although it would have been the right solution. By the end of this, I swear I will have invented, as well as revolutionized, the art of 4D map making..."
76561197994634934,Recommended,306760,25348382,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Tagetes,Fantastic game!!!
76561198327544905,Recommended,306760,25349864,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Harvester,"Obduction is an incredible and well constructed game. The engineering and design of the worlds and machinery are top-notch. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone that likes puzzles and has time to waste. Very happy that I found it, and I'm looking forward to seeing the other games Cyan has previously put out."
,Recommended,306760,25338012,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Siege,"A great homage to Myst, with its own twist.Awesome game, most puzzles are not a cheesy way to progress, they require logic. In the end you see why all the seemingly random things across the worlds are put there. The music gives off a creepy, ""alone"" vibe. The other races in the game are unique and a fun dynamic.For the cons: There are a couple puzzles that don't quite go the extra mile to really make sense. The story is told through bits and pieces of things scattered across the world. I feel this made me not fully understand whats going on, since I couldn't grasp the entire thing. However, I would rather it be this way than spoon fed to me. The loading times are pretty bad.Overall the pros easily outweigh the cons. Play this game."
,Recommended,306760,25338084,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ultrax,Cyan recaptures what made Myst/Riven so good.
76561198025062101,Recommended,306760,25331363,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,BlackUmbrellas,"While it lacks the narrative inertia of the Myst series, Obduction was an overall very enjoyable game, although not without flaws.The puzzles, while mostly intuitive, fall (I feel) too often into rehashes of the same core mechanic- swapping parts of the level geometry between worlds to navigate past blockages got old after a while.While very faithful to its roots, I found myself exasperated sometimes with the ""invisible waist high fences"" preventing me from taking the OBVIOUS route to somewhere I wanted to go- the character in this game is entirely incapable of climbing grills, jumping narrow gaps, or wading through shallow streams or puddles in order to avoid an hour's worth of puzzles.One of the core puzzle mechanics is poorly utilized, allowing guesswork for the most part up until it suddenly requires you to understand the (until then entirely optional) logic behind the mechanic.Still- it's very pretty, some of the puzzles left me genuinely excited to have solved, and the world was a very interesting one. Buy this if you want a day or two of lonely, atmospheric wandering through tightly-knit levels with the occasional stumper of a really hard puzzle."
76561197978463971,Recommended,306760,25332908,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ShootySpice,"If you like masterful worldbuilding, exploration and discovery, and equal measures of triumph and confusion, you owe it to yourself to try Obduction.It is a bear when it comes to system requirements, but considering the pace that the game can be played at, that shouldn't deter you from what is a supreme title.Ran perfectly on i5-6600k, GeForce 980ti, 8GB RAM"
,Recommended,306760,25333710,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Matzimazing,I enjoyed the game. I didn't have any big issues solving puzzles until the last few puzzles. Also the areas near the end felt rushed with lack of content. I think it was about $10 too expensive. $19.99 would have been a better fit. It ran well on minimum settings on my older pc.
,Recommended,306760,25329486,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Kazoou,"Brilliant addition to Cyan's portfolio of games. I'm only a few hours in, but already I feel immersed in this new universe that they have scuplted for us."
,Recommended,306760,25325372,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Scary Version,"I played through every Myst game in the past and enjoyed all of them very much. Obduction is no execption! Even including the awkward acting in front of the terrible green screen - haha. It still feels good. And that feeling of a reading a scrap of paper on the table that makes your imagination go against everything you've learned so far type of feeling. That's there.However, it is a different game. I didn't find the challenge to be there that I was looking for. And the endings were disappointing to me. They just fade to black and that's the end - thanks for playing, here are the credits.The experience was good, so I do recommend this game. But just be warned about the ending - it's a little abrupt for my taste."
76561198068013885,Recommended,306760,25357399,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Monty,loved it
76561198065642949,Recommended,306760,25356967,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,formora,"First of all, right from the beginning this game brought back so much nostalgia for me from playing through the Myst series that it was already memorable. This game is a wonderful successor to Myst, and I would recommend it to anyone who likes puzzle adventure games, or just games with immersive exploration, whether you've played Myst or not. My only complaints about it would be that the puzzles aren't especially difficult, and that much of the lore is left to player interpretation. It's a fun experience with amazing scenery to get lost in, and definitely deserves attention."
76561198138004449,Recommended,306760,25551443,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mrs Starlord,"Loading time at begining and when swappping ""worlds"" is pretty shocking... other than that - love it!"
76561197987053623,Recommended,306760,25536321,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,heinschultz,"As with all of Cyan games I palyed in the past, I loved Obduction.  The journey was filled with as much fun and entertainment as it was frustration - especially the Villain Number system.  If you're a fan of Myst, Riven and the like, this will be right up your alley.  Thanks Cyan, hope to see more from you guys in future."
76561198045044409,Recommended,306760,25522279,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,marshall82,"Overall, I would recommend this game.  Don't read anything about it before you play it, your experience will be much better with a blank slate.  (There are absolutely no spoilers in this review)In the style of Myst, you're dumped off at a point with almost no explanation of where you are or why.  From there, you have to figure out what's going on and solve puzzles on your way to getting to the end.  This is an open-world game (ala Real Myst), though there is the option to change it to point-and-click (I did not try the game this way).For the most part, the artwork/graphics are beautiful, and you can get fully immersed in the experience.  The puzzles generally fit in to the world and don't seem contrived.  There is a lot of non-linearity, if you get stuck in one area, you can usually find another thing that you need to work on.There are a couple of of issues that I had:1. There is a lot of backtracking/running around, especially earlier in the game.  In time you open up some shortcuts, but at time2. A couple of the puzzles were more painful to execute the solution then they needed to be (*cough* Gauntlet maze *cough).  That is, even once you'd figured out what you needed to do, it was so time consuming to actually do the steps that it just became soul-crushing.3. There was one particular puzzle mechanic that I felt was over-used (though you could argue it's one of the game's themes).  Once you've played the game, you'll know what I'm referring to.4. Loading times!  They mostly managed to hide them decently, but there are a couple places where it seems like the game has frozen for 30-60 seconds, other than a spinning circle in the corner.  I have an SSD so it wasn't as bad as some people are reporting.Pay very close attention to everything.  There were a couple clues that I missed, and it was very hard to get back and figure out what I needed to do.  I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing, but this is a fairly challenging game to finish.I'd give it 4/5 stars.  A very solid game, but not perfect.  Definitely worth playing, and worthy of the Cyan name."
,Recommended,306760,25543966,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Kraden,"A mix of fun machines, logic puzzles and fantastic scenery. Either another great addition to the Cyan worlds folio, or a new foray for fans of puzzle\explortation games. Well worth the money for a fantasticaly memorable game."
,Recommended,306760,27598169,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rockcabbage,"A nostolgic, beautiful, and thoughtful spiritual successor to the Myst franchise. A must play for anyone looking for compelling puzzles and a stunning artistic experience."
,Recommended,306760,27785366,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,illumino,awesome succesor to Riven and Myst [games i loved when they first came out]
76561198026555442,Recommended,306760,27874927,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CHWatson,"The moment you settle in to what you think is going to be a Myst or Riven based environmental game is the moment this game flips what you know on it's head, adds an amazing game mechanic, and blows your mind with a fully realized story. 10/10"
,Recommended,306760,27892946,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,godlikemouse,"Just beat Obduction and I have to say that is by far my absolute favorite Myst type of of game.  An excellent follow up by Cyan Worlds.  If you like the old Myst games, this is a must play.  I can't recommend this game high enough."
,Recommended,306760,27999140,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tertius Oculum,"Coming from the Myst series, this game is a great successor! I'm excited to see how the VR will be."
,Recommended,306760,28014119,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,System,A great followup from the developers of Myst!
,Recommended,306760,28132557,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,bT*Akira,"I came into this game relatively ""blind"". I saw it on sale, it looked interesting and I said F it, why not. As soon as the game launched I knew I wasn't going to regret my decision. The game looks beautiful and feels very fluid (with a mouse and keyboard at least). The music is ambience in certain areas and times, beautiful pieces to give you hope, because when you're not in these special places, it's background noise and silence. You feel lonely, you feel hope, the game makes you feel things for sure.As I came into the game ""blind"" I wasn't sure what to expect. After a couple hours I figured out all the controls and what I could do within the world. And that's then the game broke my brain. For the first time. The game presented a new feature that I wasn't prepared for, and soon after that I had a revelation that broke my brain yet again. I couldn't tell you how far along I am in the game, but I'm immersed for sure. I will admit it took a walkthrough at certain places to figure out what in the heck I had to do (and avoic the hours of looking around). Some of this time could have been shaved off if I saw a setting which helped show lots of interactable objects more easily.I have a GTX 960 and WIn 7. Most games don't pose a problem for me, but this game takes it to a whole new level and I can't blame the card for not being able to have every graphical setting on Ultra ( or in this game, Epic). With a little tweeking I found a stable ground, and even with some settings being turned down the games still looks fantastic.All in all I'm glad I bought this on a whim, the story has me very interested to say the least. Oh, and if you can, play with HDR, it's highly worth it if you do, otherwise the world feels... just trust me. You want HDR ON."
76561198025272781,Recommended,306760,28113679,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,crdevries2,"Having played Myst at a very early age, I was thoroughly excited about the prospect of a new adventure in the same vein. This game did not dissapoint. It hase come the closest to capturing that feeling of wonder, bewilderment, and curiosity since I first played Myst.With an orignal story, it was difficult to know what to expect, but I cannot recommend this game enough to anyone who appreciates thought provoking, in-depth, gameplay and story.I look forward to future new releases from Cyan, and I feel that they can't come soon enough!"
76561198329955998,Recommended,306760,28109290,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,aviatorcolt,"Excellent graphics, interesting storyline, creative mechanical interaction. Definitely enjoyed the game, the only critiscm is the ending. The ending left me with more questions than answers."
,Recommended,306760,30727392,Posted: 25 March,all,Mecha,Looks awesome but I can't play it. The game keeps teleporting me around which I found out is due to the teleport works upon touching the pad and not clicking... why?!. Occasional frame drops. The audio stutters constantly. This seems like a small thing but in game the left/right controllers are opposite then when I'm in the SteamVR overlay. Not a huge deal but slightly annoying.I really want to play this but the constant accidental teleporting around poor performance makes it unenjoyable. Please fix.Update--Someone pointed out to me that you can change the way you move. Have a little more understanding of the controls as well. I think I can recommend it now. Still have some graphical issues but hopefully they'll get that soon.
,Recommended,306760,25119573,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,evanr115,I've waited for a new IP from Cyan for so long and now it's here.The game is great so far and there live acror in it as there to be.I recommend this game
,Recommended,306760,25136130,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Fellan,"Sometimes frustrating, but a good kind of frustrating. Everytime you progress feels like a life accomplishment, great stuff!"
,Recommended,306760,25173297,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,tehgargoth,"It's one giant puzzle maze.Aside from the occasional texture pop-in and some minor graphical annoyances, this game is beautiful with a great plot and the puzzles tickle my neurons.  If you liked Myst style games you'll probably like this"
,Recommended,306760,25172514,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kjoelby,"Spectacular Myst successor. Achievable puzzles so far, and smooth enough transitions beat the days of switching disks in Riven. It's finally here, it's real, go play it!Cyan - you've hit the target again, keep making these games!"
76561197983416777,Recommended,306760,25168617,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,soylentgreenispeople,"I have been an avid fan of the Myst games for a very long time, and I consider Riven to be one of the greatest gaming experiences and one of the most amazing works of art that I have ever had the pleasure to experience. I also love Uru. So, it was with great expectation that I awaited Obduction - the first Cyan game in years and a departure from the Myst series. Happily, I can say that my expectations were not only met but wildly exceeded.Graphically, this game is absolutely beautiful. Its not just the high quality of the unreal 4 engine rendering, either - its the attention to detail in every little thing - the art and the art direction. The worlds of Obduction are breathtaking.The puzzles are typical Cyan masterpieces, too. No one else has this kind of cleverness and finesse. In Obduction there is what I would call an ""ecosystem"" of puzzles - everything is logical and organic. None of the puzzles feel like or look like puzzles, because they are fully and rationally integrated with the environment and story. Some of them are very challenging; some of them are easy but rewarding. Every step forward feels like a discovery and an accomplishment.The story is intriguing, and the voice acting is wonderful.The music is, as always, perfect.Really, I could not ask for more, and if it continues to be this good right through to the end, this game could easily rival Riven for me as an experience - something I never thought I would say of a game again.Whether or not you have played any of the Myst games, if you like games like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter or The Talos Principle, high qaulity, contemplative, thinker's games, then you really must play Obduction."
76561198071775906,Recommended,306760,25126810,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ackermans.anthony,"A few hours in and I'm already hooked. The graphics, atmosphere and music of the game are amongs the best. Love that Myst vibe going on there. It's starts the same way, with zero explanation. Just imagine you wake up at this location and don't know how you got there. With that in mind the experience is just amazing.Can't wait to continue this adventure."
76561198040497281,Recommended,306760,25154301,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,RavinAmulet,"This game is everything this diehard MYST fan could have ever hoped for in a new game from this phenominal company.  I hope to see more and more from you guys, and even more within this universe as I am thouroghly enjoying every second playing this game!!!!"
76561198051642604,Recommended,306760,26414286,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Chemist,Pretty good. I think it's worth 30 bucks.
76561197982807472,Recommended,306760,26410234,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,electrode,"I've been playing it exclusively in VR. This is like Myst except it's set in a different universe. Like Myst, your movement is by hoping from this point to that point in the game. Other games have a teleportation mechanic for locomotion but this one limits the points that you can move to and the path you must take. I can't say that I like how unintuitive it is to move around because I end up looking all over for the next spot I'm allowed to jump to. Also, the Oculus tracking system is not nearly as solid as the Vive tracking. I hope the extra tracking camera can help this because when I loose tracking and the world wobbles around a bit, it pulls me out of the experience. This game would be WAY better on the Vive and with a better teleportation mechanic and room scale movement. Despite all those complaints, I have to say that I like this game. The further I go, the more I hope that I'm nowhere near the end of the game. I keep hoping that the ending will set it up for a sequel so that I can explore even more of this universe. This is the type of virtual world that I've been waiting to explore and I don't want it to end."
,Recommended,306760,25663047,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,CrossThread,"This game does not hold your hand. you must use logic, and you must explore everything. Very great one of the best. also now one of my faves. 10/10"
,Recommended,306760,25646304,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,elmcityslim,"This game is awesome. In spite of some of itys performance issues - I would reccomend this game to everyone. Growing up, my three favriote PC games were Doom, Myst, and Journeyman Project. 2016 has been a great year for my inner child."
,Recommended,306760,25656409,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,morang,"Amazing game! Definitely a must buy if you liked Myst and Riven. Cyan is back, and this game lives up to their legacy. Obduction is a puzzle game, but if you haven't played Cyan's other games, don't go in expecting something like Portal or The Witness--it's much less about solving bite sized puzzles and more about getting immersed in the world and understanding how things work. If you're paying attention to the world, every puzzle is solvable with no guessing or brute force. As you discover how the world works, you'll have big ""a-ha"" moments where you realize the implications for the puzzle you're working on or other puzzles you're stuck on."
76561197989058837,Recommended,306760,25667573,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Johnman,"This is a very fine game. It delivers on its promises and deserves being a spiritual successor to Myst.The only two complaints I have are that too many puzzles are based solely on reopening closed off paths and the fact that there's so much going back and forth between worlds with the loading time associated with that. Even with an SSD, it gets old.Those didn't stop me from enjoying the game though, and I wholeheartedly recommend it."
,Recommended,306760,25766920,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,hardpicard,An incredible spiritual successor to Myst and Riven.  Although not as difficult as it's predecessors Obduction nails the worldly immersion and intrigue.  Hopefully Cyan will be producing more gems like this in the future.
76561198051955204,Recommended,306760,25913815,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Eric,"If you liked the old Cyan Worlds games, or adventure/puzzle games in general...You will love this game!Their world building is top notch, this game is gorgeous!"
76561198036513465,Recommended,306760,25809902,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SupremeBigPhil,"Some performance issues in spots, but overall a great game if you loved the Myst series."
76561198003522130,Recommended,306760,25824854,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Positronicreflex,"First of all let me say, if anybody is on the fence about whether or not to purchase this game, wait no longer. I thoroughly enjoyed it from start to finish and it was very difficult at times which I love because Im really into thinking games such as the Talos Principle for example.The unreal engine really shines as well and the graphics and artwork are really beautiful. I have no regrets buying the game and for the gameplay experience... it was worth every penny.For the best experience:1. I would say before you start a new game is to turn hints glints (which highlight objects that you can interact with) off in the menu, which gives a better sense of realism and increases the diffuculty.2. Try not to search for help on the web if you can help it. There were alot of times I wanted to break down and google where this particular area was, etc. After awhile of searching on my own, I figured it out and it was a whole lot more satisfying.3. Make sure you read and listen to everything thats availible and dont try to rush to get the game done. The story its self is intriging and may be an assest to your quest as well.I look forward to an ""Obduction 2"" lol, or the next game the studio has in the works."
,Recommended,306760,25902551,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The Confused Turtle,"this game is a refreshing and beautiful adventure, one of the better games this year."
76561198258805452,Recommended,306760,25914122,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,catalina,"OMFG THIS IS AWESOME. If you miss myst style gameplay then buy this game right now, its the myst team.  I have been playing it all day and my briand fels like it over fed. plus the graphics are awesome.  ONE note though Cyan put in a slide so I can reduce the maxe particales please"
,Recommended,306760,26124254,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Feraligatr Lvl. 100,"So this game is really cool, but it has some flaws. It is a puzzle game, but does not have as much focus on the puzzles like in The Witness or The Talos Principle, instead you explore some pretty gorgeous environments and then there are some puzzles. The puzzles almost feel secondary in comparison to the two games I mentioned. Even in comparison to Myst, there just seems like theres a lower amount of puzzles to be solved. I may be wrong on the total count, but that's just how it felt to me. If you want a game similar to Myst and other Cyan games, this is one of those, but it could be better. I would love to see even more games come out of Cyan among this vein, espcially if they can improve on what they have here."
76561198181273289,Recommended,306760,25563430,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,TomysshadowLovesTrill,"Story: I felt like the story was a strong element. Playing through Obduction felt very much like playing through a good novel, and the journals support the story well. The ending may not leave you feeling satisfied which is usually a bad thing in games but here I think it was intentional and it works for the game. There is just enough evidence to piece together what happened before you arrived and why you're here, but it's never spelled out to you.Worlds: The graphics here are on par with a (good) Triple-AAA game. It's too bad my PC just barely meets the minimum requirements and had a hard time keeping up the framerate! The hub world is alright but where the graphics really shine are in the other worlds you visit - once you visit these other worlds, the hub world still looks nice but kind of pales in comparison. There's a lot to see here and, as everyone has been saying - it'll look good on VR I'm sure! In terms of level design, the hub world is pretty solid and I like the dome mechanic, I didn't really like the rocky world because of how much walking there is and too often it seemed like I should be able to go somewhere I can't, but my favourite world is the jungle one because it is just absolutely gorgeous.Puzzles: I was expecting a bit more from the puzzles. To me they felt too easy, but at least they didn't feel cheap. To give a comparison the puzzles here are a little bit easier than the ones in Myst III: Exile. I think in focusing so much on the story and integrating the puzzles to make them feel realistic, Cyan didn't give themselves enough leiniency in the puzzle department.What I learned about puzzles from this game is that to a certain extent, the puzzles in a puzzle game have to be a bit arcade-y. Every day, I get up, I ride the bus to college, I study there, I ride the bus back home, I sit back and relax. Never in real life do I have to pick up a red page and put it in a book, never in real life do I have to crawl through pipes to get into Gehn's office, never in real life do I have to find the key to open the important gate or whatever. I feel like so much emphasis is put on making the puzzles feel like realistic tasks, that the puzzles don't really come off as puzzles. They come off as obstacles. People say Riven was good because it really integrated the puzzles into the world, but the individual puzzles were arcade-y enough that I could tell ""oh hey, this thing is supposed to be a puzzle."" I think the game was going for a more ""here's what you'd probably actually have to do if you were really in this situation"" approach but I don't consider it an improvement over Cyan's previous titles. Almost every puzzle only involves making a simple connection to something you saw not too long ago.Still the game is worth playing just for the sights you take in and the storyline. Even if this were a walking simulator with no puzzles in it, I think I'd still enjoy it for everything else that's here.Music: The music here is okay... just okay. It's ambient which is good and fits the game's mood but I don't think I'd listen to these tracks on their own. Maybe that's just personal taste though! Actually, some of the music in the jungle world is pretty good.Overall: Obduction is actually a good game for someone who has never played a puzzle game before and wants an introduction to the genre. The relatively easy difficulty of the puzzles means it's perfect for showing to a friend to get them into puzzle games. Unfortunately I don't think it's the best puzzle game but it was still satisfying and definitely at least worth a play!"
,Recommended,306760,25153316,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,BluedudeX2,Just beat this game and wow. Cyan is back and better than ever.
76561197973141456,Recommended,306760,25138073,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Jordan,"Totally lost and saying ""WTF?!"" a LOT but loving it. Beautiful game."
76561198012853257,Recommended,306760,26421487,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Quille,"Decent game, reminiscint of the Myst series of games. Unlike Myst there is not alot of variance in puzzle types.Ran into a few times where Unreal Engine crashed in mid game, but nothing game breaking."
76561198014722553,Recommended,306760,26225332,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,luke.james.nelson,"I thought it was a good game.  I enjoyed the puzzles and I thought the backstory developed nicely.  The graphics hitched quite a bit, but for this style of game, it was tolerable."
,Recommended,306760,27973419,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,fraxyl,"Kinda short, but still pretty good."
76561198071144584,Recommended,306760,27750186,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Battousai007,Very interesting
76561198041784209,Recommended,306760,27843599,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bob,"When I saw the trailer for this game, I knew I simply had to play it. The game is gorgeous and very challenging. I especially love the way the clues you need to solve the puzzles are very well embedded within the environment and do not 'stick out'  like they might in other puzzle games. The game has some performance issues on my laptop (long load times), but when played on a powerful machine the graphics are breathtaking."
76561198037540232,Recommended,306760,27722319,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LtLary,"I have played through this in about 11 Hours, and I've enjoyed every last second. The visuals are really amazing, and as a fan of both Myst and Riven I felt right at home. Some puzzles were better than others, but overall they balance out positively.What struck me the most is the familiarity you build with the odd place you find yourself in. And then you travel to another and you start connecting the dots and begin to understand why the places look like they do and draw conclusion on what must have happened before you, even without reading giant walls of text.Totes recommended."
76561198010828297,Recommended,306760,27531154,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TottalOwnage,Fun game
,Recommended,306760,25350806,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,GreyCatz,"Obduction invites at least 2 separate reviews, even when played by the same person. If you're a Myst veteran/ Cyan backer, Obduction will be right up your alley offering enhanced graphics and a similarly extensive story-line. The puzzles are clever and well-designed, especially the Gauntlet, and the basic explorative nature of the game offers plenty of 'woooauw' and 'oooh, that's it' moments.If you're not into Myst or Riven, Obduction is likely going to feel excruciatingly long-winded and maddeningly confusing. The current build still suffers from crazy stutter and stalling, and the teleport transitions (the multi-coloured particles), while fascinating the first 5 times, soon turn into frustrating obstacles during the rest of the game.I will offer a somewhat lukewarm recommendation of Obduction mainly on the strength of its puzzles, even though the game suffers from the same fundamental malady as horror games - it gets really, really old after the first completed run."
76561198276580712,Recommended,306760,25406586,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Beeklematters,"This game is amazing. I love it, I can't stop playing. The puzzles are interactive and since its a free roaming world, there is so much to do and try to solve!"
76561198025450506,Recommended,306760,25383536,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,montechristo86,Modern day myst! YAAAAY!
76561198068361824,Recommended,306760,25622346,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Laurel Valley,"I played all the Cyan Myst games and couldn't wait to try this one. The scenery was terrific, the story line was consistent, and the length was good as long as a player takes the time to enjoy the scenes, discover all the artifacts and rewards, and listens to the different people in the game to get a better understanding of what happened.The only thing I disliked was the number of transports it took to move forward in some areas."
76561198128587597,Recommended,306760,25520476,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Technobabble,"The masters of the organic puzzle adventure have returned! This definitely ranks among the best work Cyan has published, though probably still falls short of Riven in terms of story depth and puzzle complexity. I'm interested to know where Cyan will go with this next... and I intend to back them if and when they do!I had a medium powered machine and was able to run the game at a decent level where I was able to appreciate all of the fine details.Yes, there were loading screens... but I didn't mind that so much as this was a game that I intended to play to unwind. I just kept a book handy and considered upgrading my RAM at some point in the future.The main drawback at this writing (v1.01) was the number of bugs I ran into, including one that I initially thought was a clever twist in level design!  None really broke the game and I expect that they will be patched out in time."
76561198027077557,Recommended,306760,25527390,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Zederous,"It scratched that Mist/Riven itch nicely. Some puzzles are clunky. Not a big fan of having to walk to multiple locations around the map to solve a puzzle, but those are few. Not sad that I bought it. Am sad that it was over so quickly."
76561198186112419,Recommended,306760,25560182,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,wanderer.blackmoon,Another great puzzle game
76561198000159007,Recommended,306760,25443109,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,joshlrogers,"This game full stands up to the description ""spiritual successor to Myst.""  I am enthralled with the environment and the puzzles.  If I were to give any negative criticisms at all it would be that the puzzles tend to be a little too easy and involve copious amounts of travelling.I hope Obduction serves as the start of a new beginning for Cyan.  Really hope to see more games of this type coming out of a studio that can do the genre justice."
76561197971702880,Recommended,306760,25447344,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,GameExplorer,"I have played Myst, Riven, Myst III, Myst IV, Uru and Myst V End of ages. Obduction absolutely lives if to my expectations and to the standards that made Cyan Inc. the renown adventure game creator it has always been.Well done Cyan Inc. and Rand Miller for bringing this truly epic adventure game to our PC screens!"
,Recommended,306760,25437082,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,UserX,Great in depth story and game-play. Needs a little polish though because I think they released too early with the amount of glitching that occurs. Some tediousness with the teleporting but all around very worth the time and money.
76561198009919818,Recommended,306760,25443868,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,thomascjackson,"The Good:A beautiful, interesting and original puzzle game. The closest thing to Myst and Riven I’ve experienced. Not just in terms of gameplay but in terms of atmosphere and originality. The game is fresh and exciting and not, like many “Myst-like” games, just a remake of earlier puzzle games. It is both nostalgic and new.The puzzles are fun, engaging, original and sensible. In many puzzle games the story just exists to connect the puzzles (The Room, for instance) but this games follow a logical narrative. Practical (real-life) thinking is often helpful too, like when priming a diesel engine or turning a mining cart 180 degree. Contrasted this with, for example, the Bulfrog Sherlock Holmes series with puzzles like “to diffuse the bomb you have to solve this Suduko in under 3 minutes” in which a near total suspension of disbelief is required.Obduction doesn’t hold your hand. There is no tutorial section – you are just thrust into an alien world and you have to work stuff out for yourself (in a good way, not in an early-days-of-Minecraft way).The bad:Too much walking. This game would benefit from the zip fast travel thing they had on earlier Cyan games.Just like the original Myst-series game, Obduction is so lonely. Remember those D’ni people who just lock their doors when you come past and those big whales that swim away? It can be quite an oppressive feeling being the only person in a silent alien landscape. I think it would have benefited from giving me a Walkman or at least let me listen to my own music whilst playing. Even a ♥♥♥♥ing companion animal wouldn’t have been unwelcome after the first three hours. Even Claptrap.I know I said it doesn’t hold your hand (and this is positive) but maybe when it sees me trek back and forth from one end of the map to other for the tenth time and desperately click on the same locked door it might prompt me with a hint. At least give me a menu option for hints. Just something vague like “you missed a huge section up there behind the stone wall”.The ugly:Nope."
76561198065128838,Recommended,306760,25741834,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Emperor Faeden,"Half full or half empty?Thsi Game was exactly what i was looking for in a puzzle game from Cyan. I grew up with the Myst franchise and loved every frustrating minute of it. This game is a great new platfor for Cyan to jump from. However... there could have been so much more.SPOILERS:The ending of this game felt very forced and out of the blue. The very last world has literally nothing in it. The different races you read and hear about are just that, different. There seems like there should have been much more more story but it was cut. The last bit of dialog acts more like they know something you dont and the ending leaves you with no idea what happens to your main character.With all that said, it was still a fun game. I hope that Cyan is getting some momentum back and will give us more like it."
,Recommended,306760,26040012,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Barbra Streisand,"Really, really dang good in the Myst-ian sense. Bizzare landscapes and brilliant environmental/mechanical puzzles in that unique Cyan style.If you hated Myst and Riven then this isn't for you, but if you loved those games this is right smack dab up your alley."
76561198126467369,Recommended,306760,25997505,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,jackiequantum,This reminds me a lot of the Myst series of games of which I so dearly miss.
,Recommended,306760,25970586,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,BlackElkX,"This is a very nice game.  Once again, I'm lost in the beautifully fantasy of the creators from Myst, ...I cannot wait to play this with VR!  But then, I need a new pc..."
76561198026011919,Recommended,306760,25828032,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Skull_Pirate,Loved this game!!!!!!!Thankyou!!!!After playing Myst and others many years ago this has been the only game that brings me back to those great days.It ran quite well in 4k and epic quality and I found myself just stopping to look around and the fantastic world you created.Loved every second!Worth every cent!!
76561197999090318,Recommended,306760,28243708,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,wellspokenman,"Great game, atmosphere, puzzles, story and sound. If you liked Myst and Riven this is a no brainier. One technical gripe is some interfaces seem to have buttons that are smaller than their hit boxes, making them very hard to use. My only design knock is a puzzle that needs a full loading screen between each step - that's going to suck for people on a console."
76561198016426405,Recommended,306760,28230855,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,PanicRev,"My wife and I played the Myst series and were excited to find out this new game was coming out!  All in all we loved the game.  The endings were a bit rough and felt abrupt, but everything leading up to it was good. Would have liked a bit more background story on what happened to all the people too.  Lots of puzzles and such to figure out and work on.  I'd recommend it to a friend.We played using a mouse and keyboard as well as an xbox controller without any issues."
,Recommended,306760,28086566,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sedilis,"Utterly brilliantIf you you own a Rift and enjoy puzzle adventure games just hit the buy button you won't regret it.  Probably the most captivating and immersive gave I have played in VR. Stunning visuals, challenging but logical puzzles and a gratifying story.  Expect to lose yourself for many hours 10/10"
,Recommended,306760,28056128,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mariza,"If you liked Myst and Riven you will like this, although the ending is a bit unfortunate. The first part of the game is interesting and draws you in; the puzzles are challenging but not too terrible. The last part of the game is so tedious that it just seems like bad/lazy game design (teleport to an entirely new area to complete ONE action, run all the way to another friggin teleporter, run back to where you originally were, see you did your action wrong, start over). Overall I would recommend this game to people who know what they're getting into (ie previous Cyan fans who can handle some tedium) because the initial world is engaging, it's just sort of a bummer towards the end."
76561198054258968,Recommended,306760,28352695,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Ryfly05,"Loved this game, great puzzles, no hand holding. I'll admit I did have to look online for a hint or two.  If you've got the power to run this game in 4k with HDR, it will be the best looking game you've ever played.  I've got my poor old GTX 970 oc'd to the max with the fans working overtime to make it happen, but damn is it beautiful if you've got a HDR capable display. Can't wait for more PC games to take advantage of HDR."
,Recommended,306760,27913675,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HorseOfTheSea,A pleasant experience that stays true to a familiar formula from Cyan's past games
76561197971121231,Recommended,306760,27903558,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,gentili,"Fantastic!  Great atmosphere, smooth progression and area unlocking, fun puzzles, emotionally affecting story!  I'm sad it's over."
,Recommended,306760,27836835,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Keshawn,Entertaining.
,Recommended,306760,27733022,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rev. Y. P. Plant,"I recommend this game, but only if you are O.K. with reading a few walkthroughs along the way. Unless you are a hardcore Myst fan, this game could have used a bit of playtesting before implementing some of the puzzles. The major flaw of the puzzles being that you have to travel a great distance in the wrong direction to get to where you're trying to go, and it makes a 4 hour game into a 15 hour game. The atmosphere is great, the graphics are great, the idea of the game is great, but I often found myself feeling like I was wasting my time, because I had to spend so much time walking around for no reason (to find out the answer was right next to me the whole time). I don't mind doing this once or twice, shame on me, but it happened a LOT.However, this game reminded me of the original Myst, and for that I am happy. Definitely won't be replaying the whole thing, but worth a run through if you like the originals."
76561198139983490,Recommended,306760,27768332,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Seeking that very tiny light,"Fairly designed puzzles, visually stunning graphics and beautiful views, a background which is good enough for a open-world puzzler. Recommended for anyone who enjoys puzzlers and mind-bending games."
,Recommended,306760,26700145,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Jinxology,"LOVED this game, it felt so much like the original Myst games. The puzzles were thoughtful and creative, and all the mechanics were innovative. I even loved the charmingly bad FMV acting, reminded me of the original games. My ONLY critique wasthe long load times when swapping. After like 50 swaps on the Vellein world, I was falling asleep in my chair.I understand what's going on technologically and it certainly didn't stop me from playing. Great job, guys!"
,Not Recommended,306760,30986214,Posted: 6 April,all,Sionarch,"The low frame rates is unacceptable for playing in VR, running on Nvidia GTX 1070 despite having the lowest graphics settings. I have hopes that this issue will be fixed in the future and will patiently wait until experiencing this otherwise very promising game."
,Recommended,306760,28643957,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jgator,"Great for fans of the Myst franchise. It felt very much like myst, but with modern graphics and gameplay."
,Recommended,306760,29068087,Posted: 6 January,all,Selkie,"Not much to say here. If you are a fan of the adventure genre and beautiful fantasy environments and wonder, buy this game"
76561198036792088,Recommended,306760,28953714,Posted: 2 January,all,Kraek,"I am not a big puzzle-person myself, but evidently i've played Myst (good) and Riven (failed, too stupid i suppose) so I knew Cyan is quality making me pick it up (despites... again, i'm not a puzzler).I remember how I found Riven to be a brilliant game, but hitting some graphical limits... for some reason I couldn't quite well see the buttons and stuff, so the experience was lost on my.But this is 2017, obduction is on the unreal 4 engine, this is all in HD quality, you will notice everything if you take the time, and they have a system that lights up all interactive objects so no more missing stuff and you can focus on the puzzles and the puzzling.   Which only gave me one worry: does this game live up to it's excellent predecessor.I can say you now: YES, absolutely.  The story is well-thought-through, and while 4x games have the ""one more turn"" addiction, this will have the ""one more puzzle"" addiction.Buying this game is worth every penny, even at full price.  If you like Myst, Riven, Lighthouse, that sort.... you will not regret buying this game.  I guarantuee it."
76561198302144930,Recommended,306760,28758591,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ron_moores,"Forced to stop playing, permanently, due to motion sickness. Would reccomend this game to non sufferers"
76561198014353153,Recommended,306760,28883824,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,msboston,"Great game.. it will make you think for a change, but not dream. Indeed, the main area is, well... a dump... and you'll spend quite some time in there. I played Riven many times over, only because it made me dream and wondering around was a pleasure for the eyes. I hope the next one is better."
76561198033887411,Recommended,306760,28818612,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Grandpa Smuff,"Amazing.  Reminds me of Myst, though a little too easy."
76561198067159258,Recommended,306760,28994355,Posted: 3 January,all,andrewt,"Good game with the same sort of feel as Myst/Riven done in acutal 3d (also VR). The graphics are quite good looking although the real 3d rendered people/aliens look meh. Oddly, Cyan has chosen to go for movies with real actors for all of the (human?) NPC interractions and it works nicely.The world is quite large with many puzzles accessible at the same time. This is great and just what you want but the number is quite large. It's possible to lose track of how many loose ends you've got in flight. Puzzles don't always progress linearly like in Myst 3,4 which makes them more challenging because the thing you're missing might not be anywhere near whatever it is you're looking at. It also means that there's a minimum amount of backtracking with quite a deal more added on as you pad around trying to figure out which loose ends you've still got left to investigate. Some sort of shortcut or warping would be nice to avoid the long walks. Even the original myst had the lightning cursor to skip the long walks. Oh my, the long walks. The game tries to compensate for inaccessible areas becoming accessible by opening up short-cut doors however while there are enough shortcuts to add clutter there aren't enough shortcuts to avoid making backtracking tedious. Bring back the lighting cursor I say! Also, if you're going to make a puzzle out of world warping you could make warping animations go faster the more times you've done it recently.Some users have complained about load times. I'm running off the world's slowest hard drive and had no problems, although I do have 24 gigs of ram so maybe that's it? The game does tend to drop frames when switching between worlds or loading new areas. It doesn't get in the way of the game but it does wreck the mood. I joked with my wife about how the quicktime movies in the original Myst would do the same thing sometimes. Once you get used to Overwatch's silky smooth loading screens you get spoiled.Also I'm quite sure the ""ping"" sound effect when you wrap around the world has left me deaf. Oh and the built in ""camera"" that allows you to take snapshot has a tendency to screw up the gama. Many times I've taken a picture of something that looks fine only to have the picture come out way too dark so I couldn't actually use it.So, in conclusion, good game, good music, good puzzles very much in the style of Myst and Riven and the like. Love it (but walking around can become tedious)."
76561197985689830,Recommended,306760,29015249,Posted: 4 January,all,spudicusmaximus,"i7-4790k O/C 4.8ghz + 16GB Ram + SSD 850 PRO + GTX 970 SLI + 4K (scaled 67%) HDR 50/60fps = BEAUTIFULAs for gameplay, It' s a typical CYAN studios game, don't balme them if you don't know what you are getting into.  This game is about stunning visuals, interesting puzzles, and a unique story line.  Typically you are whisked away to some foreign land.  So of course you have no idea on what it is you need to do in this land, so it is up to the player to figure it ALL out.  If that's not your cup of tea then you should move on.I just died by setting off a nice WMD, had a feeling it was bad when I walked up to it, but I let my curiosity get me.  The device opened, and had some swirly special effects, so I backed up.  Then it closed, so I walked to it again, this time getting a ltitle closer.  The device opened all the way up, and started to swirl faster, then fade to white, then black, roll credits, oops!"
76561198067968665,Recommended,306760,28393839,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,adidaswax,Best! Not the Maze though... that was the worst.
76561198041731174,Recommended,306760,31322118,Posted: 23 April,all,spam,"Overall the game is great, I've played it twice through.  This review is more useful for Mac users and I'm editing an earlier review on Mac compatability.  I've tried on three machines that meet compabatability requirements but only two work.Does *NOT* work:2012 15"" Macbook Pro: 2.3 i7 quad core, 16GB RAM, SSD, NVIDIA G650MWorks on *LOW* Settings""2015 11"" Macbook Air: i7 2.2, 8GB RAMWorks at *HIGH* with some glitches:2017 Hackintosh: 4.0 i7 quad core, 64GB RAM, SDD, NVIDIA 1050 TI 4GB VRAMI'll also try on a 2016 Macbook Pro again when I get a chance."
,Recommended,306760,32142199,Posted: 2 June,all,Duck,10/10 Single player puzzle game. Its amazing.
,Recommended,306760,32187142,Posted: 4 June,all,elmarj,"Beautiful world, engaging story and nice puzzles that are hard enough to be satisfying, but never so hard that you're stuck for a long time - relaxed but never boring. Probably would have enjoyed it even more on a super fast PC."
,Recommended,306760,25387929,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,DiL,"Update: 7/7/17: Vive support was added, but is essentially unusable due to poor implementation and performance issues (on any hardware). I ended up playing the game without it, which is a real shame.  The game is superb, and playing a game like this in VR is a long held dream of my (and many other's) childhood.  Sadly, the VR support was shoehorned in, perhaps as an afterthought, with what I assume was only minimal play-testing.  I get it.  VR implementation is difficult. Making a seamless and intuitive feeling world in VR with optimized performance may not be something that can really be done as an afterthought or a stretch goal--but the game is far worse for it. I still recommend the game, as it's the best example of the puzzle game form I've seen in over a decade, but each new area, archaic machine, sculpture, and creature is a bittersweet reminder of how much better it could have felt craning your neck to see them in VR.Previous review:________________________________________________Bought this game because it was in my recommended VR titles.  Did not realize it had no HTC vive support (or any VR support from what I can see). Refund requested."
,Recommended,306760,33402633,Posted: 9 July,all,JDog2pt0,"It was fun, if not a little buggy and crashy at times. Don't expect great game performance no matter how beefy your system is.On to the gameplay itself, the game was good, but the puzzles lacked the complexity (and in some cases satisfaction of solving) found in the myst games (though it is a different game, and not Myst so take that into consideration). I'm wondering though if it has to do with the fact that Myst was more fantasy, and so the puzzles were more ""magic"", vs the more practical implentation of things in Obduction. The story felt like it had some holes in it related to the antagonist that weren't throughly flushed out. The world(s) itself was somewhat lacking the more throuough story incorporation found in the Myst games. Some of the puzzles felt kind of like a copout by utilizing an existing game mechacnic, rather than being unique.Overall though it was a fun game, looks good graphically, and I'm glad to see Cyan back to making full feature games again. Hopefully we'll see more in the future."
,Recommended,306760,33424317,Posted: 10 July,all,Red Rooster,"The perfect spiritual successor to Myst. I thought the story got a bit sloppy and confusing in the latter stages of the game, but still a very enjoyable experience."
76561198130526932,Recommended,306760,33424264,Posted: 10 July,all,Sygg,"A truly great game. I've had my eye on it since I saw the first trailer, and didn't even realize it was the same people that created Myst until after I'd bought it. The story this game tells is incredible, as are the enviornments and characters. I had no issues with lag or crashes either, so I'm not sure what some of the other reviewers are talking about. The teleportation sequences are beautifully rendered, and really cut down on the feeling of it being a loading screen. The puzzles are all intuitive, and I had no trouble understanding them. The only time I got stuck at all was looking for a specific path, and I never had to look up solutions to any of the puzzles themselves, although there is one particular puzzle that was a freakin nightmare of swapping and switching that I was definitely glad to be finished with. I cannot recommend this game enough, honestly."
76561198063590292,Recommended,306760,33437126,Posted: 10 July,all,nicyooyak,"High addictive, first person puzzle game, within an immense world, not for the faint hearted as the puzzles are tough, can't wait for Cyan's next game."
76561198242345490,Recommended,306760,30146681,Posted: 24 February,all,smithjacobr,"Amazing game! Long load times, but still worth it. Definitely recommend trying it!"
76561198272349728,Recommended,306760,31003064,Posted: 7 April,all,bigger1,"The game was visualy amazing in my VR Vive and the puzzles were classic Myst, but after several days of progress the player clipped through the plane to the bottom of an elevator shaft.On resume game, it started me off at the bottom of the shaft. Game became unplayable. Only option is to start all over from the beginning and hope it doesnt happen again. Even after you know the puzzels it will still mean several hours of running around completing them all again. In my mind, I was too far to go back through all of that. This is the first Myst game that I failed to complete.All those hours wasted to never finish the game...bummer.Despite my issues I recommend it, for the Vive the game is one of the best ones out there if you like visually stunning puzzle games...Just watch your step...lol."
76561198004536101,Recommended,306760,29384484,Posted: 20 January,all,LumberJake,Truly a dream come true for me.
,Recommended,306760,31009533,Posted: 7 April,all,Dan,"Great, but sucks on Mac.Incredible environmental graphics and great storyline. If you like Myst games, this one is a must.Finished it in 20h, it seemed shorter and easier than any other Myst game.If you've played all Myst games, you might feel some puzzles are pretty familiar.If you haven't played any Myst games, don't worry; this one offers a decent difficulty level and it's a completely separate storyline.The last 10% of the game seemed rushed and uneventful.Performance is really poor on Mac. On a 2014 MBP, i7 with 16GB RAM, Geforce GT 750M and SSD, which isway better than the listed recommended settings, the game would chug below 15fps with quality set to Medium depending on the scene. Most of the time the game would run at 60fps, with continuous hiccups/stutter. Sound was constantly cracking at some locations, especially around the river, and loading was pretty slow, up to 45 sec every time I travelled to Hunrath.There is one particular location where a small video plays on a screen, and the framerate just drops below 1fps. I was unable to watch that video.Pretty crashy, at least once per hour of gameplay. I realized a bit too late that I hadn't updated my OS, as recommended. It got a little better after updating, but it still crashed occasionally.I would expect this performance running through a VM, but definitely not running natively.I didn't get any achievements, so I assume achievements are broken on Mac.Funny bug: One of C.W.'s subtitles lines got stuck, and kept appearing randomly while in Hunrath, even after restarting, saying ""If you ain't planning on being useful""."
,Recommended,306760,30056835,Posted: 20 February,all,Cabbanis,Amazing game!
76561198136364996,Recommended,306760,31033665,Posted: 8 April,all,rob.kemosabe,"Great game, the VR makes me a bit nauseous, if smooth motion is on, but I am more suceptable than most to this problem, other that that, great VR and is fun to play in desktop mode as well...."
,Recommended,306760,30123612,Posted: 23 February,all,liberatr,"If you liked the original Myst games, you will love Obduction. If you were frustrated by puzzles that involved doors you had to close, secret made-up lanaguages, clues you found hours after you'd solved the puzzle by brute force, and easter eggs everywhere, this is all that with the volume turned to 11.Whereas in the original Myst only you had come from our Earth, in Hunrath you see most items from Earth, but with some very odd juxtapositions and alien objects. As you get deeper, the game unfolds more, gives you shortcuts (although be prepared to do a LOT of walking across a high-school-campus-sized map of Hunrath, drive a minecart, and of course teleport yourself to other worlds... I mean this is a Cyan game, there are always multiple environments, each with a distinct art style and mood.This game for me is like visiting an old friend after 20 years - it must be nearly that long since Riven - so many things are exactly the same, but the new things are welcome, and then feel normal almost instantly. Now that I have seen it I wish we had left the Myst universe long ago, and seen these storyweavers create more new worlds for us.I am still grateful for the Internet and walkthrus - there are some puzzle solutions that would have been impossible to solve without someone's colored-pencil maps I found on forums, and a very small handful of absolute ""stumpers"" that I was too impatient to work out onmy own.The  frame rate and movement made me a bit nauseous at times, perhaps I should have turned my graphics settings down to boost the speed. I think playing in VR would make a fair amount of sense if you could get over the movement, or if you used the classic ""click to move"" mode. I tried this a bit in mouse-and-keyboard land, and I was frustrated by the speed - this game was not designed to be click-moved through, like the first few Myst games. There are huge areas with no clues, followed by spaces with tons. There are lots of puzzles that can only be solved by walking around an object and viewing it from several directions to get a sense of the space, and I imagine doing some of those one small move at a time would be more challenging when you still have free aim with your head. Last, the slow walking pace is way to slow after you solve the first puzzle - disabling the red laser.Final thoughts: if you like first-person adventure games - Journeyman Project, Myst, etc. you won't be disappointed. This game ramps from slow to incredibly fast once you figure out the trees, so my only complaint would be about length. Don't forget to make notes, and use the camera tool often - there is no inventory, just photos you take. Happy puzzling!"
,Recommended,306760,30126379,Posted: 23 February,all,Yam ☭,"I loved Obduction, it was a beautiful game. One of the puzzles was pretty difficult/felt impossible to solve, but other than that I really enjoyed playing. The story was my favorite part"
,Recommended,306760,30131290,Posted: 23 February,all,eLucid,"The Myst series of games has always held a special place in my heart, so I expected nothing less from this new title from Cyan. I was not dissapointed.From the very beginning you're thrown into a world you have very little knowledge about, but each step forward intrigues you and begs you to keep playing. It follows the same format of a classic Cyan game (Myst-era), with several world to visit and unlock. The art in each of them is stunning and the game world that holds them all is beautifully developed. This is a world I highly recommend visiting, and a journey I can't urge you more to take.Cyan has hardened my love for their games with this newest installment, and I will hope to continue to support them in their next game (as long as they don't sign with UbiSoft and their tyrannical dysfunctional DRM schemes). This game overflows with care and artistry that the Cyan team has poured into it; so much so that not experiencing it would be a shame."
,Recommended,306760,30132969,Posted: 23 February,all,MetalPeaches,"Puzzles were a little crusty--as in a pizza with no toppings.  I solved a lot of them by random chance before I realized they were puzzles.  I stumbled around for the few hard ones until I discovered the right button to push or cleverly hidden sign to read.  At one point I had to complete a gauntlent...of loading screens.As expected from any Myst title, the worlds are beautiful and discovery is half the fun.  I loved how I was able to free roam rather than the old point and click style.  Makes backtracking much quicker and more enjoyable.Could have been more upbeat / action-y.  Why do mystery games have to be so melancholy and restrained?  The trailer had rock guitar music, but nooooot allowed in the game!The new worlds got smaller as I progressed; almost rushed.For future games...I offer free consultation to help design the mechanical world.  As it stands, there is zero chance any of this stuff actually works.  :)"
,Recommended,306760,29973556,Posted: 16 February,all,KRDucky,Excellent game! Love the puzzles and how they change each time you play. It provides an excellent level of replay-ablility.
76561198027013380,Recommended,306760,29992399,Posted: 17 February,all,SilverShadow4,"7 hours of hard work into this game and I somehow walked through a wall and clipped through the floor. Because the game saves every time you pause, when I paused it saved with me glitched standing in the waterfall below the maze. This game was beautiful and I was very much enjoying it until this. Unfortunately, I'm not sure it's worth starting over, this was incredibly frustrating."
76561198355585749,Recommended,306760,30000585,Posted: 17 February,all,pbelknap80,Fantastic story!
76561198000012067,Recommended,306760,29955035,Posted: 15 February,all,elderbury,"I'm brand new to this company, never played a myst game, just got into walking simulator puzzle games to play through with the wife, just finished firewatch, vanishing of ethan carter, the witness among others,And then found this game.I wanted to love this game so much....You get the first warning signs that this might be a little rushed/unpolished at the start, with buggy menu options and varying controller support through the game, the opening area has all the gameplay of a cutscene, but at least it's over in 20 seconds.Then the game redeems itself.What a visually stunning, awe inspiring backdrop.I can not fault the graphics... Except for the fmv.The moment you see the fmv characters, you know that no matter where the story goes, you will never interact with a human character without a window in the way, and boy it is not seamless or immersive when the plot comes up with reasons to avoid meeting people. Many a time in the game a decision happened that made NO sense, just to cover the flaws in the game engine that prevent good animations.Maybe that's just a staple of myst games people will forgive, but it is definitely not executed well here.The puzzles... The few that there actually are. ..Grating, repetitive, horribly bloated and padded. Prepare to go through so many hoops and slow walking miles, the same 10 second loading screen (on an ssd, it's cool but come on hurry up)  to solve puzzles you figured out the solution to in seconds.Chuck in 1 or 2 obtuse puzzles with stupid solutions that leave you fruatrated rather than relieved or satisfied, wishing the game had provided just a little direction! Be ready to face 'now what? Where do I go from here?' as you finish one chapter and try to find the next, with nothing new unlocking or dialogue being given.You will never have a revelation, a 'ah ha!' moment or solve any real puzzle in this game. Sad, after completing the witness without a walk through, to turn to one here only to find solutions that would take brute force/random backtracking to solve.The ending is the real let down. After the build up in the 3rd act, you feel cheated with no payoff or plot development, no explanation or change in dialogue (this is worse than playing after the end game in skyrim or oblivion!)  just a suddenly locked door between you and the people (there's that engine limitation again) and you're just now trying to find a way to make the game just end already. Which it does, without another attempt at a puzzle, in 2 barren worlds. When you finally do all the running around to trigger the ending, you're left with 2 stand-still-in-a-small-room-from-far-away-from-the-action, rushed and with the same 2 voice actors painfully delivering their barebone explanation.It couldn't feel more cheap than cutting to a black screen with white text ending.I've recommended this game, because I think that if you are expecting a myst game, you won't be too disappointed by some of the tropes here. Coming from some fantastic puzzle games, to this, starting with such high hopes at the beginning, so much wonder and revere at the setting and technology in the middle, then crashing so hard to a forced get this♥♥♥♥♥♥over with at the end... I'm just disappointed. So much potential, parts that will make you excited and eager to keep going... But so many strange/poor choices throughout.6/10"
,Recommended,306760,30068053,Posted: 20 February,all,Odaeus,"I enjoyed the storyline and exploring the worlds. It's quite slow to swap between worlds and some of the puzzles require a lot of this, which makes them a bit of a grind. Otherwise a great adventure puzzle game."
76561198037002867,Recommended,306760,29927794,Posted: 14 February,all,MATT SUNSTON,"If -- like me -- you spent countless hours once upon a time wandering around the landscapes of the MYST games, exploring -- and then re-exploring -- every last detail and piecing together solutions to puzzles while enjoying an atmosphere of mystery and seclusion, let me assure you of something: Cyan has not lost their touch.Another title, another collection of strange and unfamiliar yet believable worlds to explore and -- probably more than once -- get lost in.A brilliant soundtrack to set the mood perfectly, a simple interface giving you only what you need with nothing hidden away from you, and a setting with all its puzzles incorporated into the environment in such a way that your immersion is never broken.On the technical side of things, you've got to watch yourself, though. Obduction is an extremely pretty game, to be sure, but that most definitely comes at a cost. If you're in the lower end of technical specs supported, things likely won't be as smooth as you like.If that's no issue to you, then I can't recommend Obduction enough. Take some time; familiarize yourself with the space pinecones. Mystery begets mystery, after all."
,Recommended,306760,29988905,Posted: 17 February,all,VEN1_V1D1_V1C1,Riven still better.
76561198190418843,Recommended,306760,31043658,Posted: 9 April,all,rosemaryb,Beautifully drawn.  Puzzles not impossible.  Frame loading was annoyingly slow at times but worth the wait.  Recommend saving a back up copy as you go.  Crashed a few times and one re-load placed me in a part of the game that was further on in the story and I was stuck.  Later on I got into a dead end situation and had to start again from beginning (then found it was possible to save copies).  Despite these hiccups it's a really enjoyable game.  If you enjoyed Myst you would enjoy this game.
76561198063615349,Recommended,306760,29637648,Posted: 1 February,all,scilly2,Just like riven and myst LOVE it
76561198063008869,Recommended,306760,29455135,Posted: 23 January,all,worddbbeyond,"Game is very much what I would expect from cyan!  I'm about half way through the game I think, and I haven't experienced any breaking glitches.  Would definitely recomend this for any myst/riven fan, especially as the team carries on fixing the smaller bugs that exist."
,Recommended,306760,30254676,Posted: 28 February,all,ripitupgenki2505,"If you loved the myst series before Ubisoft got ahold of it then you'll love this game. Cyan did a wonderful job of recreating the myst franchise and still giving it, its own identity. The unreal 4 engine really makes this game gorgeous. I did have a few crashes to desktop with this engine but since the game auto saves it was never really a big deal. Overall a grat game experience! Hope to see more from you cyan."
76561197974908025,Recommended,306760,25300679,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,A Few Manuvers,"Had some trouble with load times at the beginning, but they seem to have been improved.  Overall its a great game, the puzzles are challenging but not so much that I have to go looking for answers online.  Patience and experimentation are rewarded.  The sci-fi mystery is very engaging as well.You may need to be patient during load screens though, like, very patient."
,Recommended,306760,30279561,Posted: 2 March,all,DarkFall - S5,"At first you will be left wondering...what on earth. However this was the same in myst, you simply start doing things to find out what is happening. Some puzzels feel like they cheat you, but there is one massive mechanic in the game that is explained but if your not paying close attention or dont like to read you will miss it, and it is KEY to the story and puzzles in the game, once you figure this out, solving the puzzles is a joy and a brilliant game to play. As good as myst, but maybe a little behind riven. 8/10 deff worth a buy, even if they have awful trailers."
76561198128788127,Recommended,306760,30310347,Posted: 4 March,all,billydevoe,More.... MORE.... Must have MORE.....
76561197969984517,Recommended,306760,31126326,Posted: 13 April,all,Remo99,"Well, I was going to ask for a refund after playing a little over an hour but unfortunately I left the game on pause and got some dinner so now I am over the refund time limit. Guess I will just hope they fix it in the updates.I am playing it on the Vive, i7 4770k, 16G Ram, 1080 FTW, Installed on HD.My performance is acceptable I guess but it really could use MSAA or something to clean it up a bit. Their AA just makes everything blurry. Even when all settings to max/epic it just isn't very clear. Arizona Sunshine does it better (although the ground cover is thicker in Obduction).It is quite a beautiful landscape and environment they created but almost nothing is interactive. Come on, let me pick things up and toss them around or something. It does remind me of the original Myst in that respect. Great visuals but almost non-existant gameplay and could get boring really quick.Major flaws with the Vive are mainly the controls. I rarely get sick but this game brought me close just because they use that infuriating ""turn the direction I am looking in"" method that no one should be using anymore. Also, let me change the movement speed in increments, not just walk too slow or run too fast. Collision detection is just to make the screen go black even if I just get a little close to a rock or tree or many small objects. Seems like lazy programming.They could put a little thought into mapping the vive controller also. I don't think they even tested it with one. Pulling the trigger makes the finger point like you're getting ready to give a prostate exam or something. Both grip buttons take a picture? Why not use the other one for something useful? Vive users don't need the trackpad to turn, we can turn our body for that.This could be a good game, just hoping the devs listen to the users' requests and feedback and keep updating it.It may be an okay game if you are playing on a flat screen I guess. Just not ready for VR prime-time yet.Edit:Well, after playing on my Vive for many hours now, I have to change my recommendation to a YES. This game looks incredible in VR and the gameplay is actually very well implemented.If they could fix the few bugs that exist in VR, I would call this a AAA title. The worlds are incredible, the puzzles (except for one reeaally tough one) so far are not incredibly difficult.I am using the slidey movement so I don't know about the teleport.If you enjoyed The Solus Project as much as I did, and enjoy puzzle adventures like Talos and Portal you really should give this one a ""long enough"" try. Just make sure you have a beefy enough system."
76561198124714477,Recommended,306760,31346377,Posted: 24 April,all,8u9i0o,"I have explored Myst worlds since 1993. when I strained to see and hear Achenar and Sirrurs beg me for the Red & Blue pages on my crappy 486 Dell with 8k of ram and a 40 MB HD, Each successive game demanded (and received) my dutiful upgrades through all the video enhancements and 360 deg. vision. They all filled expectaions for difficulty of gameplay and scope of the game. Obduction was no exception. As with previous games, I needed a video upgrade. Also as you start the game the potential seeems huge, then as you play the size of the game comes back down to earth a bit with the end coming in sight about 2/3 of the way through. Still, I'm grateful for their having created it as it saved me from wandering the D'Ni cave for 5 more months in search of ""Sharts"", which I never successfully installed or played. Bring on Obduction II -V!"
76561198235955688,Recommended,306760,31533470,Posted: 3 May,all,Squid,"If you're into puzzle games this is one of the best! I wasn't a huge fan, personally. I prefer games where you can craft and interact a little more with the world. The graphics are beuatiful and the storyline is just great. This game will definitely test your critical thinking skills without being so difficult that you'll rage quit. I would recommend this game to pretty much anyone with a remote interest in puzzle games. An all-around well put together game."
,Recommended,306760,31420441,Posted: 28 April,all,lifesf,"So far, not bad of a game, only at 2 achievments, confusing realm. Game keeps crashing/freezing/..."
76561197971587523,Recommended,306760,33750195,Posted: 23 July,all,CabbageSalad,"Chugged on my computer, crashed a lot.Puzzles were a little too easy and obvious most of the time.That being said, it still was a really good game."
76561197982933574,Recommended,306760,33881078,Posted: 29 July,all,Dion,"An amazing point-and-click puzzle game. Or a freeroaming one.  OR... a VR one.The guys that did Myst made this game, and it shows. I'm not talking about an easter egg or two either. A complex world with interesting mechanics, even in an exploration game. I still want to smack a villein upside the head for the stalling gauntlet of spinny-switchy-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but it's a good example of the writers of these things doing something really cool. They made puzzles that FEEL mind-breaking, but really aren't once you get used to them. The 'swapping' mechanic of using one piece of somewhere to influence somewhere else, whether it be for a bridge, or a piece of equipment, or simply access, is actually really cool, and works surprisingly well when you get used to it."
76561198355968943,Not Recommended,306760,31123889,Posted: 13 April,all,dupdupy,"This game is very much a work in progress.  I've got a 1070 and there are some shudders but it is definitely playable for me.  I'm more bothered by weird glitches with not being able to open the cart sometimes or losing position of the hands.  In such a slow movement game the problems with frame rate don't bother me as much (I'm fine with teleporting).  I appreciate that they tried to make something visually appealing and immersive.I don't typically review games but I felt bad seeing this review board turn red.  I definitely think this game is worth playing in VR on the Vive, just wish they tested it better.  I hope the hot fixes keep coming.   I've appreciated the tweaks they have already made.EDIT: they don't understand rolling out patches can't happen every 6 months.  I was waiting to play the game in a non buggy version that just never got released.   Incremental updates guys!   I feel like I bought  a beta for full price."
,Recommended,306760,33831276,Posted: 27 July,all,Nyanie,"Excellent game. Really got hooked on the story, the mystery, the intrigue. Creative puzzles that make you think, that make good use of the environment. More please"
76561198069244531,Recommended,306760,33936920,Posted: 31 July,all,God,"To anyone who has previously played The Witness:This is a reenactment of all of the feelings you felt whilist playing that game.Nevertheless, this was a fun experience and the graphics were stunning.7.5/10, Google is your friend."
76561197989092268,Recommended,306760,34027456,Posted: 4 August,all,Jarridian,This was an excellent little game that fans of the Myst series will reall enjoy.  The punishment for not understang a puzzle is your time.  Make sure you know what you're doing :D.
76561198024941651,Recommended,306760,34002197,Posted: 3 August,all,nomi02118,"I played the Myst games when they came out... and again when Myst and Riven were released for the ipad so I was looking forward to this game for years.Overall it was well worth the wait. I am not  big gamer and this sort of game (no killing, more explorative) suits me very well.   I did run into bugs here and there and some stuttering but sadly on Macs that is to be expected with graphics heavy games even today. it didn't distract me from looking around, solving puzzles and enjoying the truly amazing graphics and worlds presented.What did irritate me was one puzzle- the maze. It' is needlessly complicated and takes far too much back and forth t figure out, if you can figure it out. There are not many clues on what exactly you are supposed to do. So after restarting the game from scratch and  using a guide I got through it. Luckily the rest of the game was just amazing and I loved both endings although they took a little too long to play out. One wish I have to be able to continue walking around like in the original Myst after the game play is done... just because it's a beautiful place to look at."
76561197997298906,Recommended,306760,33962797,Posted: 1 August,all,charliebbarkin,"A fantastic puzzle game, very memorable"
,Recommended,306760,34092092,Posted: 7 August,all,rainwarrior,"Overall I think this is a fantastic game. I absolutely love the way it builds a story out of details you have to collect and put together. It does continue from the traditions of Myst, but the execution is phenomenal (and the story much more interesting).There are some great spatial reasoning puzzles too. In general I don't think the logic gets too complicated, but that's partly because every puzzle is sort of a new situation here. It doesn't do a deep dive into any one mechanic, it's more of a buffet where you try a lot of things a little bit.For me there were several strong problems that hurt the experience:1. On my system it had EXTREMELY long load times. (Sometimes multiple minutes per seed-transport... something you have to do very frequently when solving puzzles.)2. Intermittent hang and crash (maybe once every two hours). Recoverable because of regular auto-save, but was an ongoing problem.3. Hologram videos intermittently not appearing, only getting sound. This is a bit of a problem in a game where every little piece of information becomes important.4. Huge framerate drops when approaching the cell wall or abassador seeds; I think this is related to the load time issue, where pre-loading the transition is hurting the game.5. Ended up stuck outside the world once, and my game auto-saved there, trapping me! Turned out the ""point and click"" navigation mode can be used to get back on track, though, but I was scared I was about to lose my save.6. Unintuitive save system. It auto-saves frequently, but silently. You can copy saves from the load menu (and you should do this occasionally to make backups).7. That horrible Russian box. Just leave it alone, it will not solve your puzzle. Look up what it's supposed to do after you finish the game. :(Overall, though, these problems did not make it a bad experience. It would have been better and much less tedious if it loaded faster and didn't crash as often. ...but either way I loved this game and would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,306760,30419999,Posted: 9 March,all,aradapilot,"First, my main complaint - this game was released in 2016, it's tough to excuse the platform limitation.  I had to dig out an old disk and change hardware to play this game.  If that wasn't entertaining in its own right, I'd have passed on the title.  But, I love the genre, and I was excited to see what Cyan did now, so I dealt with that.Turns out, it's a great game!  Very good world design, and excellent layout/puzzle spacing - it's densely interactive, not just exploration with some sparse puzzles.  I do think the seed mechanic, while unique, gets a bit overused...seemed like a few puzzles really took advantage of how versatile it was, but then others were just tediously showing off the same thing.  Also, consider the load time with seed puzzles, especially when you have to use them many times in a row...  Still, net win, as it's a new and creative puzzle type to think about.To sum it up, Cyan's still got it.  Looking forward to their next project."
76561198022362509,Recommended,306760,35402783,Posted: 1 October,all,aaborel,"Once again, after a long time, I was in awe with a game. Its' breathtaking beauty and mystery sucked me in. It was alien, yet familiar. Where was I? What happened? A mishmash of buildings and things that didn't belong together surrounded me. Puzzles awaited and by solving them, the answers would come...If you like MYST style puzzle/exploration games you have to try this one!(I didn't experence the technical difficulty of some of the other reviewers on a 3 year old PC with a NVIDIA card. You probably won't either - and if you do there is the Steam refund so no worries.)"
76561198025973941,Not Recommended,306760,33367738,Posted: 8 July,all,ivansir,Ultimately I was turned off by the games sputtering and lag. I enjoyed what I could until I stopped playing. There's a mod for Xcom2 called STOP WASTING MY TIME which would work great here to remove transition animations. IE Optimization is KEY if you want to keep players playing.
