user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,307190,13030121,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Chudah,"Nicole is one of those games that I have a hard time understanding exactly why I like it as much as I do. With tedious gameplay that is neither engaging or interesting and a predictable storyline riddled with clichés and unbelievable situations, you'd think I'd have played an hour or two and tossed it in the ""File and Forget"" bin of my library. On the contrary, I found myself plugging 15+ hours into the game, playing through all four character routes, and falling in love with each of the guys along the way (well, 3/4 of them anyway). Perhaps this review is my way of figuring out just what makes Nicole so appealing to me despite so many flaws.Our story begins with the title character arriving for her freshman year at college. She's a plucky, perky 18 year old girl who has spent most of those 18 years loving fashion, getting straight A's, and finding herself amongst the popular group of girls in high school. Oh, and she's never had a boyfriend or been kissed before. Not exactly the most realistic protagonist in the world, but she's likable enough despite being a tad annoying at times. After getting settled in, she stumbles across an article detailing the mysterious disappearance and reappearance of 3 female students who inexplicably have no memory of their time gone, but are so rattled by the experience they either drop out or transfer to another school. One would think campus kidnappings would have Nicole practicing a little caution, but it's not long before she's contacted by the kidnapper and warned that she'll be next. Logically, going straight to the authorities is out of the question; Nicole has no choice but to investigate the kidnapper herself. Yes...the story has some issues, but the mystery isn't what kept me playing.As mentioned previously, the plot is predictable and character routes cliché-fests.  BUT...I couldn't stop reading.  For an OELVN (Original English Language Visual Novel) the writing is exceptionally good.  Aside from a bit of annoying slang here and there, the characters are all well developed with their own distinct voices (something so many of these games lack), and the dialogue is fluid and for the most part believable.  On top of that, I may have caught maybe 2 typos throughout the 4 routes, and that's pretty dang impressive considering how so many games in the genre are littered with typos, misspellings and awkward phrasing.  So, despite my boredom with the overarching storyline, reading through the game was a pleasant experience.And then there are the boys.  Yes, they're your stereotypical romance tropes, but they're written believably well.  If I had to boil it down to the one thing that kept me playing, it was the romance between Nicole and the guys. Watching the relationships go from acquaintance to friend, and ultimately on to something more, was enjoyable and interesting.  The gradualness of the friendships and Nicole's slow realization of her own feelings was refreshing. Much of the romantic dialogue and situations were hilarious, other parts touching, and some scenes downright steamy.  For an otoge, they hit a bulls-eye with the character romances.  Granted, the premise for getting Nicole and each guy in the same room for the relationship to flourish was kind of boring and predictable, but easily forgiven considering how much I enjoyed the result of those encounters.On the visual side of things, the artwork is quite impressive for the genre and a highlight of the game. This artist has worked on previous Winter Wolves titles, and I'm a big fan of hers. The style has a soft feel to it which is accentuated by the pastel palette used to color the work; this complements the romantic tone of the story quite well. The character designs are not particularly detailed or inspired, but they're nicely conceived and pleasant on the eyes.  My only disappointment is that we don't get any CG's outside of the character endings.  But this is a small price to pay to have polished and professional looking artwork for the entire game.Now, to detail the most boring, drudging, soul crushing aspect of Nicole, which is the simulation gameplay.  I generally do not find life sims to be very engaging, but Nicole's gameplay felt so much worse.  You spend a good 80% of the 4 game months picking the same activities over and over to level up your clues in order to further the mystery storyline while also leveling the requisite stat for the guy you're pursuing. And that's it.  You can literally go weeks without a single event scene triggering, and when all I want is to get to the next steamy romance bit, facing days upon days of nothing but the same monotonous activities again and again is torture.  We're not even given flavor text after each activity to spice things up either.  Unfortunately, by the time I realized how mind-numbing the gameplay was, I was already hooked on the feels that I forced myself through for that next romantic ""hit"".  Thankfully there's a skip button (hidden away in the options menu, by the way, but at least it's there) that helped me fly through things a bit faster on subsequent playthroughs, because I don't know if I'd have survived it otherwise.The rest of the gameplay consists of visual novel reading with a few dialogue choices tossed in to level up affection with the guys.  Honestly, the game would have been much better as a straight visual novel using dialogue trees to further the storyline, although it would have probably cut the play time down by at least half.  I wouldn't have minded this myself as I feel it would have made the experience MUCH more enjoyable, but I think it'd be hard to justify the $20 price tag for maybe 6 hours of gameplay.In the end, I can only recommend Nicole to other female players who enjoy otome and a good romance now and again.  Unfortunately, there's just not enough meat to the story to pull the guys in, and I'm not sure most would be interested in the romance aspects which is the game's biggest strength. Still, for a game that was painful to play at times, there are much worse examples of the genre out there.  I'd suggest waiting for a good sale to pick it up.  At the right price it's worth it for the steamy bits alone.Bottom Line: 6/10"
,Not Recommended,307190,12419118,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,ukelily,"I had high expectations for Nicole after reading the positive reviews on it. However, I was highly disappointed within the first 5 minutes of playing it. The writing is extremely cheesy, like a middle-school girl writing fanfiction. I did my best to overlook it and continued playing through 3 of the 4 character routes. It's very obvious in the beginning who the culprit is, and each character has a stereotypical personality. The only one I particularly liked throughout the progression was Ted and maybe Darren. It was very difficult to find Jeff or Kurt appealing. The story is brief and non-engaging, and I felt like there wasn't much to explore, even with the dialogue options. It was very linear and tedious, what with the last month having nothing to do but gather clues and randomly clicking activities just to get the days over with. It was such a pain to go through that since there were no more stories or events going on for that whole month. Even the ending was quick and unsatisfying. Another problem was that the characters all pretty much looked the same aside from Darren. And Nicole? She's really pretty but her personality just made me cringe half the time.Aside from that, I found myself enjoying it when I went through Darren's route and Ted's. I was just irritated that the story halted for that month as if they ran out of ideas. The game seemed very half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the after school ""activities"" were horribly boring.On a good note, I enjoyed the art, and the story wasn't too bad. The music was nice and set up a pleasant ambience, though I don't particulary pay any attention to that for more than a few seconds. All in all, Nicole is a very lacking game that is definitely not worth $20. I have quite a bit of regret spending that much on such a short game with little to do aside from clicking what stat you want to raise. Over. And over. And over.If it ever drops to at most 10 bucks, I'd recommend it then.***3/10***"
,Not Recommended,307190,20513519,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,UpstreamForest,"Eventhough the game has it's charms, the game mechanics and timing ruin it. I, like many others who have played this game, have followed the games directions of:1.Romance the person to 100%2. Get the character trait that corresponds with that romance up to 9993.Get your clue bar to 999.However, even if you do all three, if you don't do them in a specific order at certain times you will not get the good endings. It is infuriating to put in so much work and get none of the rewards. If the developers would fix this I would reccommend playing it, but since it is a common problem with all of their games I will go ahead and say save your money and buy a well constructed dating sim."
,Not Recommended,307190,13253406,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Cairyn,"The story is incredibly shallow and so are the characters. Predictable stereotypes.There is no 'mystery', anyone can figure it out immediately after you meet all the characters.Solving the mysteries involves leveling up a 'clue' stat that unlocks cutscenes, and doesn't have any interactions related to solving the mystery yourself.The game is easy because it's predictable, but if you're not immediately sure who to date, it's punishing.All-rounding stats is simply not possible because of the sheer amount of points you need in a single stat.Overall, VERY disappointing. When I bought the game, the reviews were positive.It's at least a relief to see it sliding to Mixed, already."
,Not Recommended,307190,22722798,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"This VN was so bad, oh god. Not only you have to raise status (clues + status related to the character you wanna romance up to 999), but the story was bad and the characters were also bad. Like other Winter Wolves games, this one fails because it gives more importance to status raising than story and character development. Having a nice art style, BGs and decent BGM is for naught if the characters are empty shells and if the gameplay is annoying instead of being fun. This game was really boring in my opinion, and I don’t recommend this even for free.Also, after you raise the clues + status related to the character you wanna date up to 999, there’s NOTHING else to do on the VN. You simply gotta wait for the limit date to watch the ending. Argh.1/10."
76561198242337366,Recommended,307190,17918259,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,SamO,"This is a fun and breezy otome game. In it, you play as Nicole, a college freshman, who is investigating the abductions of three girls at her university. The goal is to collect clues throughout the semester in order to solve the mystery by winter break. Since this is an otome game, you also need to build up your relationship with one of four guy characters.Without giving too much away, the romanceable characters are essentially:-Kurt - a flirty jock on the football team-Ted - an obsessive workaholic-Darren - a painfully shy classmate-Jeff - an intelligent upper classmanMy only complaint is that even if you collect enough clues by the end of the semester, the bad end seems to trigger if you don't have a relationship with one of the guys. I would have liked to have seen an alternate ending where, if you gather enough clues, Nicole effectively handles the mystery by herself without needing to also be in a relationship.All in all, this was a fun otome game that I would recommend to fans of the genre. Also, if you're going to play this one, I would recommend romancing Jeff first."
,Not Recommended,307190,20025628,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,darklordbambi,"Do. Not. Buy. This. Game.I paid 20 dollars for this game expecting a fun dating sim where you controlled a girl who could date one of 4 guys, solve a mystery, and even possibly end up dating the wrong guy and be in for an interesting plot twist. I got none of that. Every cent I spent on this game was money wasted. Not a cent of fun was found.What I got was annoying task-managing, boring as heck characters with choices, and even the kidnapper is obvious. There's no mystery to it, he's only the kidnapper to add shock value and intrigue to his character. The endings are all pretty much drivel. You even at one point end up having a romantic route with the kidnapper, who by early on you should have ditched, making it a romance in the league of that of Twilight and 50 Shades of Grey, to say creepy and shallow.The other characters are bland, and even the ""bad"" endings aren't even bad, just disappointing. You're wondering what horrible things might happen to Nicole if she dates the kidnapper or is kidnapped, but in reality, there's nothing much to it.All this game consists of are clicking and doing tasks, and occassionally making text choices to get the right guy. And here's the thing, if you don't reaaaally work on getting the stats he likes /and/ say ALL the right things to him, you don't get the guy. It's literally an entire semester's worth of busy-work and clicking.FINAL VERDICT; 1/10. Worst 20 bucks I ever spent in my life. You're better off playing freaking Sakura Clicker, at least that garbage at least gives you half naked women to gawk at while you do stupid fetchquests forever."
76561197994619541,Recommended,307190,20942725,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Crazy Cat Lady,"If you like otome games this is a solid addition to your collection.The art is good, the romances are (mostly) believable, and the heroine has a likable personality. The writing is cheesy, but in a fun way. The stat raising becomes really tedious on subsequent playthroughs, which is my only real complaint.I enjoyed it enough to unlock all the achievements (with a lot of text skipping along the way…)"
76561198069159152,Recommended,307190,31231992,Posted: 18 April,all,wrb41977,"This is an interesting game. As a Winter Wolves product, I knew it would be great, as they don't seem to have any real stinkers. This game is the otome version (they appear to be working on a version with romanceable girls; though I'm not sure if the protagonist will also change genders). You are embroiled in a mystery, as a number of abductions are occurring on campus, and Nicole (you) decide to try and become Nancy Drew and track down the perpertrator.While you are gathering these clues, you bump into four eligible men who... entice your interest. Through a series of resource management actions, you can win the heart of one of them, solve the mystery, or both. Note the Very Bad ending is when you solve the mystery... yet don't win the heart of any of the eligible men. Also, one of those you are wooing just might be the perp you hunt..."
76561198154834820,Recommended,307190,12369551,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Yosaf,"If only I could've given this a neutral rating, then it would've been better.At the beginning, I did enjoy the game though that could be a result of my favorite kinds of characters being in it, but it all went downhill after that. Well... Let's just start with pros and cons.Pros:-Good art for the price-Music is suitable for the changes in mood-The stereotypes actually worked out rather well for the charactersCons:-The story felt incredibly rushed. Especially in Jeff's route. Not only that, but I feel like things were just thrown in to fix inconsistencies in the storyline-Finding out who the killer is was way too easy. It made it feel like there was no point in collecting clues in the first place.If you like playing a game more heavily leaning towards the dating sim side than the mystery side, then yes, this game would be good for you. Otherwise, I'd can't really say that I'd recommend it. I find the story to be equally important for dating sims or for visual novels, so I was a bit disappointed.Storyline: 4.5/10Art: 8/10Music: 8/10Play the game when it's on sale is pretty much all I have to say. Would I play it again? Probably not, but I still recommend this game with a thumbs up for the art and music."
,Recommended,307190,15118597,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Gwidhw,"That's right, I play some Otome games :l(I'm waiting for the one with the female interests to come out, as well).CONS:- Generic characters- Odd introductions- Protagonist isn't very... relateable.- Reviews state ""culprit is predictable"", and I am starting to believe they're right... :l- No depth to story, really. It's just... yes.PROS:- Great visuals- Very well animated character sprites- Enjoyable banter and conversational options- Lots to do!- Allows focus on dating-sim + studies, or mystery solving, or all of the above!- I get the feeling that there is some replay value to be had here... :pDo I recommend?Yes, I do.Buy it on sale, though, I'd say.It's a fun, intriguing way to pass time.Guys, if you're not comfortable with your sexuality, wait until the one with female interests comes out.I know I am :)"
,Not Recommended,307190,12635578,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Kelseydelallave,Its a good game however know it'stoo expensivenot enough choices to makerelationships are short and shallowthe plot is there but the execution is notgood art though
,Recommended,307190,12587110,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,EmProvidence,"If you're into otome/dating games, like a bit of fluff, and don't want to think too hard, this is the game for you. It's not a perfect game, but it's fun and charming if you're willing to enjoy it without over analyzing it.The mechanics can be a little challenging at first, only because it doesn't clearly explain that in order to get the best 'true' endings, you have to really balance the order in which you max your stats by a certain time frame, and not before, or the game won't give you the 'true' ending, much to my chagrin. There's a lot of walk-throughs and guides out there for the game, but most of them fail to mention that first you work your guy's correlating stat, but not to maximum, then spam the clues stat to full, then complete your guy's stat, all before November. It's pretty simple to do on 'easy' and seriously, there's no negatives to changing the setting to easy, seriously, it'll save you a lot of headaches if you do, in case the random stat generator isn't kind to you and you put in all that work just to get the bad or normal endings.Other than that, it's a pretty cute game. It's nothing groundbreaking, but I found it very addicting, I played through all the characters and endings in a few days. Once you get the hang of the stat system, it's easy to grind and enjoy the cut-scenes (even though it is, yes, a little grindy). The artwork is pretty and the story and character development is vastly superior to other games by the same developer.If you can get this game on sale or discount, I wouldn't hesitate to pick it up. Just make a lot of saves, have a walk-through open to help you if you don't want to waste your time making 'wrong' choices, and enjoy the ride."
76561198255025676,Recommended,307190,23354440,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Classy Lassie,"(Please read review before taking the thumb's up at face value.)I wasn't sure about getting this game at first because of all the negative reviews, but I got it when it was on sale and I was pleasently surprised how much I enjoyed it. Though I can see why there would be quite a few thumbs down on this game, especially at it's full price.Pros:- The art and backgrounds are nicely done, and appealing to look at through the whole game.(The Chibis of the characters are freakin' adorable!!!)- Nicole herself is not a blank slate character. She has some personality, which seems to be a rarity in otome protagonists.- Buying your guy gifts.... <3 (Though you might want to save the game if you don't want accidently give a $100 gift to the wrong guy.... like me.)- I LIKED EVERY GUY!!! I can't stress this enough. Usually in otomes you have a favorite guy, but with this one it's hard for me to pick one!Jeff had his ' rough ' moments but,every guy had their sweet moments with Nicole that I loved.Darren was THE SWEETEST!!!!! <3Cons:- One of the biggest drawbacks the game suffers from is it's execution of it's premise. While the premise of Nicole has the opportunity to make a compelling story for the protagonist, it just ends up falling flat. And by the end if you choose to ' solve ' the mystery, it just makes Nicole look kinda dumb by running headfirst into danger without a second thought.The mystery ending feels like it was just put in there to have Nicole be the damsel in distress. Also, why did she not keep the texts as evidence, or tell literally anyone she could be the next to disappear?!? Okay fine , go get that guy yourself- but bring a weapon or mace or something!-_-- While the stat raising wasn't a problem for me, it can start toreallyfeel like grinding. Especially if you want to see both endings, which causes you to raise two stats all the way to full.- Nicole does have a personality, but sometimes she can seem pushy and a bit unlikable at times.- There aren't many CG's. The only ones you get are in the endings, and the only way to access them in the menu once you're done is to play the ending over.- That Price. While I did enjoy this game, I'm sure my mood would sour if by the end of the game I realized I paid $20 for the stuff in the game that really irritated me. I got it on sale for around $12, and that was the main reason I bought it in the first place.So in conclusion would I recomend this game,.... yes, on sale.I got this game for around $12, and the amount of stuff I liked seemed to balance out with what I paid. There are some things in this game that just irritated me. The mystery aspects didn't really play that much into what I truly enjoyed about this game. The best part of this game really is the guys, which, to me at least, were all well done.So, go get this game on sale if you're looking for another otome game."
,Recommended,307190,13247975,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Marissa,"So, I dont know how I ended up logging so many HOURS into this game.I got it no more than a week ago (week ago~) and I really cant stop. But I cant really say if the game is good or not. I just want the damn guy to fall in love with me so I have to raise the stat he likes most. Then I have to be nice and even buy them gifts or they wont end up liking me. Man, men are so needy.So I got the ""good"" ending and we took a selfie. Do you know how♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i...was?a DAMN selfie?Now I must play again and get the sexy (or it might just be sweet) ending.Get this gameDammit"
,Not Recommended,307190,12340603,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,TiuFenris,"Not nearly enough content for the price, it's only three months long.If you don't do everything perfectly (and very early) you get nothing but the basic ending. Your relationship meter, clue and associated stat all have to be fully capped to get any ending whatsoever, and that's only if you did everything early enough.The art was good, and the characters actually had personality.I regret paying even the sale price, though. Wasn't worth it."
76561198121654539,Recommended,307190,23411847,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Starry,"This game literally is the best otome/dating sim in my opinion but I had just gotten a new computer and had tried to download it again to play it and it just keeps crashing. I dont know whats wrong with it but other than issue, it was amazing!If I could only just open it..."
76561198185907428,Recommended,307190,29115196,Posted: 8 January,all,m.bedsole,"I really liked the sense of humor this game had. I also found most of the characters, especially Nicole herself, relatable and likeable. I also think the relationships were handled really well, building a decent foundation for friendship that leads to infatuation rather then suffering the love at first sight trope.My only warning is that this game is a slow burn. Seeing as how the main mystery doesn't start unfolding itself till you have a fair amount of clues it takes a while for the plot to really get going. The last month before you see the conclusion to your romance choice is also a little awkward because there is a chance you really won't talk to your crush for weeks, which feels a little disjointed.Either way if you like silly light hearted fluff with pretty boys and darker undertones I'd definitely recomend giving Nicole a try c:"
76561198047299247,Recommended,307190,12153322,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,a.j.gamefreak,"Not gonna lie, I was bored at first and with all the parts without the mystery or the boys. However, once I met them and started interacting I found the game started to get fun. The game is basically an interactive with a soundtrack and no voice actors, but I believe that's common for a dating sims.Alright, the good points; The boys are all fun and not just one-sided, the art and music are beautiful. Nicole's not bad to play and she's even fun at parts.And here's the bad; the mystery isn't too engaging after the beginning and Nicole is a bloomin' IDIOT in how she deals with it. The replay can be boring when trying to romance the boys and if you'll probably spend your time doing some random clicking if you fill your needed stats early.This is by no means a bad game, it's fun for what it is and very cute. While I wouldn't recommend paying 20 dollars for it, I do say give it a try. Again, the boys (the main reason we're here) are absolutely adorable and worth getting to know.In other words, I recommend."
,Recommended,307190,12254834,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,トランズ げんじ,"Overall I found this game charming. I didn't think the stat gain/drain was too unbalanced (though I did notice morale plummeted 2x as fast as energy when on my Jeff playthrough) and the men started out as typical cliches (the jock, the nerd, shy guy, and country bumpkin) and then they were expanded upon. There were a few typos but they were easily overlooked because of ho far apart and few there was. My biggest complaint would have to be that sometimes the memes slipped in were eyerollers. Like, there's a pop culture reference/meme reference slipped in just about every other text block. Like, chill out you ""Rollr"" nerds.I do want to say kudos though, as this is the first otome I have played where I actually liked the protagonist. I thought she was cute, if a little illogical at times. The music in the game was not bad but I found if you muted the music volume then try to put it back up you'd think it was on mute. But it doesn't seem to play the music again until there is another actual cue for the music in the Ren'Py script (my guess at least).I am definitely going to buy the ladies segment when it comes out. Though considering there are maybe only 3 noteworthy females other than the room mate (Bethany only being mentioned in Jeff's route) I am not quite sure on how the devs will do that. Unless there are like 20 females hiding in the Ted or Darren route, I have not done either of those yet.Also, the fct that during triggered scenes with one character you could have another boy there and raise both stats at once was a nice addition that made it feel more realistic. The boys didn't live in worlds completely independent of one another."
76561198533379349,Recommended,307190,29051071,Posted: 5 January,all,Amalia,It's ok ^-^
,Recommended,307190,11881920,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Brannon,I decided to buy this since I got a 50% off coupon for it. It is very enjoyed and has a nice story and characters. Except Kurt. ♥♥♥♥ Kurt
,Recommended,307190,22139428,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Errapel,"Enjoyable but ridiculous.I really enjoyed playing this game, but it is not without it's flaws.The game is your standard dating sim. Your protagonist is an attractive, somewhat ditzy youngwoman at college. You meet 4 cute boys. You raise the stateof the skill that most appeals to the boy you want to date. You say the right things and give the right gifts, and a relationship begins.Also one of them is totally an evil abductor. The mystery was way less mysterious than it could have been. I guessed the culprit the moment I met him,before I knew anything about him besides what his major was. For a while I entertained the idea he was a red herring, or that the culprit changes depending on your choices.Nope, it's always the same guy, though to the game's credit, things play out differently depending on which boy you cosy up to.Of course the mystery is entirely optional. If you don't investigate it, nothing happens. You just date a guy. (Who might be an evil abductor).I did find it frustrating that Nicole stubornly decides to tell NO ONE (including the police) about events she REALLY should have.The game has what I've come to see as standard for games of this type, an utter lack of compatibility with ANY of the romance options.You're capable of getting a happy ending with any of these utterly differnt guys, despite there always being some quite serious personality flaws (on both sides), that do not mesh well.One poor romance option is painfully shy and introverted. How does our lovely protagonist handle this? By dragging him kicking and screamign out of his comfort zone, then being confused when he gets upset.Also the stats, aside from morale and energy, are only useful for one specific guy. Upping any stat will increase the rate at which you find clues, and how much money you make at the assocciated job. But there really is no reason to develop unrelated stats. Which means if Nicole isnt' dating the relevant guy, she will never bother doing her homework or taking extra classes.All in all I loved the game, but I fully admit parts of it make very little sense."
,Recommended,307190,13222339,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,mero,i r8 8 out of 8g8 b8 m8
,Recommended,307190,30972440,Posted: 5 April,all,Kayluhh08,"Its certainly a good game, but Im so thankful for the skip feature, to be honest if it wasnt available it wouldnt have been bearable, because so much of it is repetitive."
,Recommended,307190,21714405,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,CrazyBugLady,"First of all, Nicole was an overall good experience. I wouldn't call it the best vn I've ever played but it was good enough to play through all of the endings from the romanceable characters (I've postponed playing the bad ending for the time being but I will... sometime).While I must say that I was enjoying the characters, the story itself and the art, the vn was lacking serious depth. I mean the case was actually quite good but I've felt that I - the player - could have gotten more out of playing and reading the story, whereas the romance parts where quite good. They weren't great but really cute.The character profiles were quite profound. Jeff, for example, was the most intriguing one. I've begun with his path and thought the others would pale in comparison. I was mistaken. The romanceable scenes were always nicely written as I've already mentioned.The only thing that was really bugging me, is the gameplay. The idea itself seems to be good but unpolished. You can choose a variety of actions every day but you could almost go on choosing the same option over and over and - to be completely honest here - it's gotten on my nerves. That was the only thing that would keep me from playing. IF there would have been an option like skipping that part completely or make it shorter, this would have been nice.It's just a little sad that it doesn't really matter where you ""level up"" your skills. I would spend my days in-game just clicking the same option over and over again until I've reached the special ending.All in all, I suggest it to everyone who wants to play a nice romance/mystery - VN but doesn't care too much for the latter genre."
,Recommended,307190,19354375,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Chu4Lyfe,Nicole Jung gaem?
76561198065979638,Not Recommended,307190,12340138,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,verstehen,"I actually flipped a coin about whether to reccomend this game or not. On one hand, the characters are almost all interesting (I could have done without Kurt, as there's more than enough sexual harrassment going on in real life for me to tolerate it in my games). On the other hand, the story line is fairly boring. Partially this is because, despite the tags and the teaser, Nicole is NOT (I repeat NOT) a mystery game. In fact, the game basically tells you who the culprit is in week two (I spent the rest of the game on my first playthrough hoping desperately that was a red herring... to no avail). So, Nicoe is 90% dating sim and 10% mystery which, okay, would've been fine if it weren't for the part where even the 90% dating sim relied on completing activities and waiting for stuff to happen. You get about 8 actual cut scenes throughout the game and the rest of the game is mindlessly clicking buttons until you can generate one of those cut scenes. Worse, the autoskip feature becomes next to useless as you have to stop to mindlessly click activity buttons for ""dawn, day, afternoon, dusk, and night.'Despite the game play mechanics being annoyingly boring and the overarching mystery being, well, silly (I could go on and on and on about exactly how silly but this would involve spoilers), I found myself enjoying the interactions with Darren, Jeff, and Ted enough that I don't feel as if I wasted the money per se. I'd still recommend, if you're interested, grabbing the game when it's on sale.(For the record, tails -- don't recommend -- won the coin toss.)"
76561198086676327,Recommended,307190,11648114,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,nikkiluck1,"This was a very intriguing game, even though I got the very bad ending lol. I enjoyed every aspect of it!"
,Not Recommended,307190,12099286,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,BiggieBrown,"This game is literal trash.Don't spend $20 on a slow paced, badly written game.The ""mystery"" is easily figured out within 20 minutes of gameplay but for some reasonI spent 6 hours STRAIGHT playing this crap. I has playability sure ..  But I hated every second of it.Main character is an unlovable ♥♥♥♥♥ and the characters you're supposed to romance are allautistic spastics.In particular Jeff.This ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥The game tells you ""Don't worry about clues just get you other stats up""I had 966 clues on december 20th.I got the ♥♥♥♥♥iest ending.I could have spent that $20 on a pack of cigs and it would be more enjoyable than this game was.Slowly killing myself with tobacco is more enjoyable than this game."
76561198141321166,Recommended,307190,11504387,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,morvenmckinnon,It is a very good game and I am enjoyng playing it :)
76561198093676623,Recommended,307190,13239036,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,isabel.padilla95,"Liked the game. Simple, not too complicated. Kinda wish there was a successful alone ending where you solve the mistery without needing the guy. But overall its a nice storyline."
,Recommended,307190,13262601,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,easilyamused05,This is great if your looking for a romance story that you get to influence
,Recommended,307190,18035088,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,ℜ𝔢𝔡 ℌ𝔬𝔭𝔢,If you have not played a dating sim before then Nicole is a good one to start with. It's pretty simple but it has good art and a good story. This game is also not too long so it's good if you don't have a lot of time to play games.
76561198046247085,Recommended,307190,16356651,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BittersweetKat,"While dating boys, you investigate the mysterious disappearences that have happened prior to you coming to this fine establishment.  Do things any lawyer-in-training would do - stalk people in night clubs, delete crutial evidence, ignore police involvement, and never - EVER - tell anyone where you're going when you check out questionable locations."
76561198198727003,Recommended,307190,18026466,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,xspdr8crx,"I actually really liked this game.  The art is pretty cute and I don't really mind that it is a points based game (like Tokimeki, you have to build stats).There were a few things that I wish were different.First I would have liked more gallery pics.  You only get 2 per guy.Second, I wish the storyline diverged sooner than it does.  The entire game spans three and a half months and I feel that you repeat the entire first month and a half for each guy.  Additionally, until the ending scene the final half month is also the same.  That said you really only get a solid three weeks or so of independent story for the guy you chose.Third, the dialogue is a little cheesy.All-in-all even with the the downsides I enjoyed the game, and since I bought it when it was 50% off the price was right.  I recommend buying it when there is a sale - it will help compensate for some of the repetitiveness :)"
,Recommended,307190,13825272,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Lady Krystine,"The story wasn't quite what I expected from the description, and I had almost hoped for a little more hands on when it came to solving the mystery, but do I regret my 6 hours I spent on a single playthrough? Not in the least! I really look forward to going back and trying for the other 9 endings. Nice story. My only complaint would be how slow and tedious it can be to increase the stats in anything other than 'easy' setting. With a cap at over 900, you don't have much option other than picking one guy/one stat and doing nothing but build it and the clues stat up. Rating? 8.5/10"
,Recommended,307190,13849061,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,zombiequeen707,"When I first started playing, I played for about 6 hours lol.It started out as fun and exciting, but soon turned very disappointing. I got 100% on Jeff, but I didn’t get him in the end. I even tried again many times, but it just wouldn’t work. Maybe I’m missing something?I also did not like the way Nicole talked to to Kurt and the other guys on the feed back. I was thinking it would come out good, but it quickly turned sour on me, as Nicoles dialogue turned mean.The dialogue throughout the whole game was fun and cheesy, but I enjoyed it. I’d have to give it 5 out of 10 stars though, it’s missing a lot of things that could make the game more enjoyable, in my opinion, and not become a bore after a while into it.If you have a lot of time and patience, this is the game for you."
76561198120993683,Recommended,307190,17542562,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,bunnymistressaya,"I am a little mixed about this game but like it enough to give a positive recommendation. I give it a recommendation because I like the art and 2 characters and there is something likable in a “home grown” visual novel which targets an English speaking audience (leaning toward American as they are in Florida)The art is really made me buy this game. I think it's geared more to a English speaking audience but doesn't cross into the line of silly cartoon style of the West. Also the character designs are cute and the clothes are defiantly something that you would see an American college student wear rather than a Japanese/Korean. I think this makes the characters more likable because I felt like I was back in my own college days and these could be my own friends, where as characters targeted at a Japanese/Korean market always make me feel a little alienated, even though I did study in Japan for half a semester.The writing isn't bad, but has an overly simple plot. I'm really not huge on raising sims, I just want to read the story, so my view would probably more skewed toward the quality of the story. I felt quite a bit let down after solving the “big mystery” of the game, there is much potential for a much more in depth story. There is a bit of surprise on one path that I did enjoy, but I don't want to spoil the game in a review.However after playing so many VN/Otome games made from the Japanese market, it felt really refreshing to play a game that was actually targeting English speakers. Culture references, ways of speaking, quirks that make characters more interesting (accents, etc), characters that were designed to target English speakers all make this game more unique.  Also stereotypical characters can even be interesting when you feel like there are so many rehashed characters in the Japanese market (more seen in mobile games).The game play isn't bad, but I'm not huge on stat raising games. It took me  a bit of time to find the best way to raise the stats but after that it got a tad bit boring. I like games that at least try to add a bit of dialogue for every time a stat is raised, makes it feel a bit more exciting than just simply dry game play of stat raising games.TLDR- Buy this game if you are looking for something different than the standard otome game"
,Recommended,307190,16531751,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,youngnozomi,"I recommend this game if you are a fan of otome games. I enjoyed the mystery aspect added to the romance.Pros- Mystery gears the game as well as romance- A good balance of difficulity (I play on normal and am able to achieve the special endings with a bit of wiggle room)- I find that 3 out of the 4 guys are attempting to break stereotypes in these games (The Jock is the exception)Cons- The actual romance can seem dull and some points (I have only finished Ted and Jeffs routes though)- I find some of the music to be annoying but only for certain places like the gym and clubI would recommend this game but only to friends of Otome or Dating Sim games. Yes the mystery is there but you really just look for clues, no puzzels to complete.Hints? To those who are having trouble getting the special endings focus mostly on clues until you unlock the jobs. Also taking a nap takes 2 turns but if you take one with only 1 turn left in the game you still get Morale and Energy up the same amount."
76561198195805527,Recommended,307190,16963828,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,jessicafordy9,"Very good game with very different characters :) However i noted that occaisonally a playthrough that technically would end in the normal, and true ending for certain characters occaisonally reult in ""bad ending"".  From reviews online i've read this is common and might be linked to maxing an attribute out before the clues, though apart from that it seems random. People claim it has happened to them on multiple playthroughs and i can certainly claim to experiencing it once. Aside from this the game is exceptional in my opinion, especially considering the price."
,Recommended,307190,16149425,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Bunny Pirate Holly,Finished the earning both Darren endings after stat grinding and save scumming for eight hours and was rewarded with the cutest ending~10/10 Would cute again.Also very impressive for a Ren'py game.
,Recommended,307190,15909155,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Shuru10,"I absolutely LOVED this game, and I have no idea why I spent... 12 HOURS? On this game, so heres the pros and cons:PROS:+distinct and well developed male paths and personalities+SOUNDTRACK is soooo good I even downloaded it onto my phone and hum it when I least expect it+scenes are extremely cute+art is very nice too (their facial expressions change)+good points of suspense and emotional scenes+the mystery could be pursued if you wanted or you could stick with the normal ending with your man+the enjoyable parts are the visual novel partsDEPENDS:+- you can always go back to make another choice if you didn't like itCONS:-repetitive gameplay-i am very sure you will not get a man your first time through playing this (I spent quite a while trying to get Ted first off which is apparently the hardest to get)-you literally have to grind from the beginning to get your man (I had to look at a guide)Despite all this I still love this game, but that's my opinion, you'll never know unless you buy it. (I bought it for $5 and wow was I impressed) And I have yet to unlock the other endings but that's only because I love Ted so much. :D"
,Recommended,307190,16685667,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Kahuna,"I enjoyed the story, despite some of it's irritating endings. It is well written, and the characters are interesting and well developed.I did not, however, enjoy the strategical aspect of the game.If one raises their stats in the wrong order, they end up with a ""bad"" ending instead of the good ending. If you actively research the order the stats should be raised in, and keep it in mind while you are playing, it's not so bad.If it had been, perhaps, based off of certain responses to questions instead of the order of the mindless stat grind, it would have been passable.Otherwise, I recommend this game for the story. Do look up a guide to help you achieve the best endings, they're worth seeing."
,Recommended,307190,13694349,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,American Robin,I loved all the characters routes (except for Kurt...I didn't like him too much)!
