user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198167183846,Recommended,307690,32383440,Posted: 13 June,all,Jedimindtrx,"Bought this game on SSS like 2 years ago. Playing it now and wow what a Diamond in my library.+ Ages really well game came out 10/2014, still a fresh experience 6/2017+ Wei ♥♥♥♥ing Shen+ Asian GTA without being too over daunting and unfinishable.+ Martial Arts Combat gameplay, very intuitive+ Racing... suprisingly great controls+ Great Story highlighting Asian values being tested+ Asian flavored vehicles (lol): Supra, Skyline, Evo, WRX lookalikes.+ Outfits = Asian Hero costumes! ie Jackie Chan's Drunken Fist & Rumble in the Bronx, Jet Li's Chen Zen, Black Mask, Green Hornet, Tony Ja's Ong Bak, Donnie's Ip Man, Buddhist Monk, Sun Wu Kong & Bruce Lee's Tournament outfits. Some outfits actually have signature moves like Ip Man's Wing Chun fast punches! Buy Definitive for that, otherwise those are microtransactions.-I'm currently trying to be a completionist. 2 achievements in particular are bugged Achieve 30 Silver Stats & 30 Gold Stat Awards. I currently have 83/88 Silver Stats & 84/88 Gold Stats.- There are a specific 30/88 particular golden stats that count toward the 30 Stat Achievement.- You tend to lose your gun when you start a new mission if you pick it up via open world roaming.-I'm nearly done with everything. :(.- I'm done with everything. All achievements. 100% :(10/10"
,Recommended,307690,12413093,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Dfactor,"After the 100% completion I can say that:When it comes to visual differences the Definitive Edition features better lighting, character models and textures, some improved world textures, more depth of field, smoke, smoother reflections and visual effects. In short, the game feels more organic.Now you have more people and cars on the screen. I've noticed new faces, different outfits and generally better looks.The keyboard keys were remapped to more standard layout. Notable changes:-RMB to E (entering cars, countering).-Space to L.Shift (sprint and parkour).-RMB now is used for lock-on.The game mechanics are mostly the same. HUD has been slightly revamped, making elements sharper, smaller. Phone's front and UI has been changed completely. Most of the icons have been changed. Main menu has activity feed now and you can switch between social hub entries without the need to wait until they load.The car traffic AI is okay-ish, heavy trucks still scratch the walls on turns, but I've noticed that the AI sometimes keeps crashing into my parked cars. Car physics are semi-buggy. There have been cases of weird spawns and semi floating vehicles.Pedestrian AI needs a bit of polishing. I've experienced bunch of harmless / hilarious bugs and glitches:-Some individuals keep walking into other people as if they were walking into a wall.-Friendly AI had problems entering my car / locating door when needed.-Some thugs were levitating for a brief moment.-Panicking thugs tried to escape, got in a car and kept driving into a wall (they try to back off, but still hit the exact same spot).-Enemy reinforcements sometimes get stuck between cars or they keep looking at you from afar.-Random guy upstairs in Club Bam Bam went through the floor and landed on the ground floor like it was nothing.-Some pedestrian animations keep overwriting themselves (loop too early) and end up looking like they're having a stroke.-Sometimes people get spawned above the water.-Some people get stuck in walls.I've also noticed some audio issues. Sometimes some sound effects aren't played or they randomly appear / disappear. Seems like some audio bits also get either delayed or overlap (especially noticeable if happens during dialogues). Even had 2 radio tracks playing at the same time.I'd like to point out that camera needs tweaking too. Sometimes it doesn't center well, stucks in things or points at wrong angles, has weird sensivity. Especially noticable in action hijacks.I didn't experience these issues in original patched SD.The DLC content is nicely implemented into the main game. You do not get instant access to the items (which would ruin the experience and challenge like in the original SD), instead you can access them in shops (the clothes guy says wacky lines about individual sets), so in-game currency has extra use now. The NANP and YOS side stories are available directly at the main menu, no need to switch between them. The red envelopes are now scattered all around the map and can be found in semi-hidden places. Notable difference: most of the DLC related side missions can only be played once, not including Zodiac island.SWAT Pack DLC's unlimited side missions were turned into ""Cop Job"". No need to travel in a HKPD vehicles, the missions are marked separately on your map and unlock based on your progression. Possible scenarios (possible spoilers):-You raid, beat up and arrest street gangs while having a bunch of officers as a backup.-You're given a vehicle and have to ram the escaping suspect's car, then arrest him.-You respond to store shootouts and neutralize thugs.-Sharpshooting / one shot kill the thug without harming the hostage.There are also some modified individual side missions (possible spoilers):-""High Speed"". Imagine Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit. You've given a police car and your goal is to shutdown a race by slamming into racer cars.-Modified ""Death by a Thousand Cuts"". Arena fighting with a golden meat cleaver. Enemies have poisoned weapons and your goal is to survive and kill 30 enemies.  it's quite hardcore, especially if you haven't upgraded anything.-Modified ""Shaolin Showdown"". Defeat 40 monks. Up to 30 on screen.The optimization is even better than in the original. Playable on higher resolutions with less performance hits.Notable difference: you can Alt+Tab freely. The game doesn't go into windowed mode anymore and stays in full screen, there's no need to change options back every time (which was extremely annoying).Final verdict:Worth if you've never (for some reason) played the game before.Otherwise for fans that enjoyed the game.PS. Needs a lot of patching. The bugs add up even if they're semi harmless.I may update this review if we discover some new ""facts""."
,Recommended,307690,13171525,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Bad Whippet,"What is it?A story-driven action adventure set in a gorgeously recreated Hong Kong setting (a mix of various Hong Kong sectors fairly accurately recreated).  The game is based on real events (though names have been changed).  You are Wei Shen, and you lead a double life as a Triad gang member and an undercover cop - so you will be playing both sides of the story.  It is Wei's job to bring down the Sun On Yee gang (a tweaked name of the real-life 'Sun Yee On') from the inside, and so he must find a way in, and get people to trust him.  Soon, Wei starts to feel divided loyalties as he gets in deeper and deeper.  The main storyline is linear but the plot is fast-paced and entertaining.  There are masses of side missions that fit in with the plot very well and you can choose when and if to play these.Sleeping Dogs contains all the usual open-world elements we love: a gorgeously atmospheric and thriving city densely populated with people and traffic, great ambience (especially the night market), vehicles to unlock and drive (or simply steal), USEFUL collectibles that either upgrade your health and strength, or your bank balance!Is it easy to play?Very.  The driving and parkour elements are simple and responsive and the martial arts moves are only taught gradually and are not overly complex, though you might find yourself scribbling down a few moves as there are ultimately 12 to remember!  The game's tuition system spreads your learnt moves gradually through the game using a novel system of returning to Wei's former Kung Fu school.  For exchange of each school's missing trophies, you will be taught a new move and given some non-aggressive adversaries to practise it on.  It works very well.  As for weapons combat, I personally found it easier to switch to mouse for aiming, but the game switches seamlessly between controllers while playing.  The only negative aspect is the sometimes-uncontrollable camera angles after reversing a vehicle.  The camera is too slow to face forward, meaning you often start driving blindly.  Other than this, everything is great.RequirementsRegarding game requirements, you really will need to pay attention to those because this is a heavy game graphically.  There is some stutter in the cut-scenes regardless of GPU but the cut-scenes are only occasional.  You will benefit greatly from a gamepad.  This is not the sort of game for people who have a 'delicate' audience in the room as there is a lot of 'colourful' language and such.    If you're a female gamer, you'll probably cringe at some of the lines spoken by some women (some are really bad!) - but not enough to kill enjoyment of the game.Is it worth upgrading from the original?If you enjoyed the game enough that you'd likely play it through again, then I'd say yes.  It looked great before but there are a plethora of improvements: denser NPCs and traffic, heaps more variety in shop signs, lots more lit signs, beautiful environment effects, super-realistic road and building textures and improved controls.  A few bugs in the original game have been fixed, and all the cars, outfits, apartments and cash DLC is no longer automatically awarded to you at the beginning of the game (a problem with the original version, leaving players with nothing further to play for).  The only caution is that, if your PC struggled a bit with the original, it will struggle more with this version given that it is a much heavier game for your GPU."
,Recommended,307690,13373616,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Croconaw,"Sleeping Dogs is a nice blend of several different game genres, and while none of them are anything new or groundbreaking, everything generally played well. The original (non-definitive) version is one of the few games I have 100% completion on in my steam library.Since you can read up on pretty much any review for the actual game, I thought I'd focus on what's new for this re-release.The biggest improvement probably went into how the dlc was handled. Every single dlc (with the exception of the top dog booster packs) is now included, and rather than just dumping them all on you at once, they were all was integrated into the game a little better, unlocking a few pieces from each as you progress through the story. While some of the changes are minor, like a new vendor in the night market who sells some of the dlc costumes, they actually went back and tweaked a few of them to flow better. For example, the ""Shaolin Showdown"" side mission is no longer an endless arena where you fight until you die, but now has you running to several locations fighting smaller groups of enemies, eventually climaxing into one of the largest melee fights in the entire game. The Swat dlc missions were also changed into individual ""Cop missions"" that feel like they have a little more variety now and unlock over time instead of all at once. In fact, almost every mission got some sort of small tweak to it. However, Nightmare in North Point and Year of the Snake are still separate standalone stories that don't take your progress in the main story into account (though they both still unlock a few bonus items for the story when completed).The graphics also got a bit of an upgrade, though it's not immediately obvious because the original PC game was already a big improvement over the 360/ps3 versions. Mostly, everything now has even higher-resolution textures, and there are some new effects like fog in the streets, remodeled skin and hair for most characters that looks great in cutscenes, more dense vehicle and pedestrian traffic, and some new outdoor effects. In particular, the new rain effect (and the puddles it leaves on the street) looks fantastic.If you never played Sleeping Dogs, you really owe it to yourself to pick up this re-release, as it fixes some of the flaws of the original and includes all the dlc. However, if you already played the original and most of its dlc, you should probably skip this. Improvements and dlc aside, there is no new content (mission or story-wise) whatsoever."
,Recommended,307690,31127766,Posted: 13 April,all,Nightbreed,"If GTA is Metallica, Fallout is Megadeth, Saints Row is Anthrax, and The Witcher is Slayer...then Sleeping Dogs is Testament. A bit lesser known than the ""Big 4"", but right up there in quality; arguably better in some aspects.It's one of those games that although has Very Positive reviews is still somewhat underrated. It's got a cult following for sure.Gameplay-wise it's like GTA with Arkham style combat. It's unique in it's setting, story, and the fact that you play as an undercover cop. There is a fair amount of variety in the main missions, and the side missions / collectibles are awesome.If I had to name negatives I'd say the camera is a bit finicky at times. Also, the character models / lip syncing are not the games strongest points.Overall, a great game that should be played by anyone remotely interested in open world games. A solid 8/10."
,Recommended,307690,15465975,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Lazarus,It's Wei better than I expected.
,Recommended,307690,16895600,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Burn,"I only bought this game, because I live in Shanghai and I thought it would be nice to play a GTA-like game in an environment I'm familiar with. The city in this game is Hong Kong only in name. The city itself does not look like Hong Kong at all (I travel to HK a lot so I would know), so this might as well be Shanghai.The attention to detail in this game is mind blowing. I mean, sure the game elements (story, gameplay, fighting, racing, etc) are fine and entertaining, but what I really like the most about this game are the people. The main characters and especially the people on the street are so authentic and believable! I just love it!From obvious chanting of the street vendors to the not so obvious nose drilling sound before spitting, loud chewing with open mouth or the way people talk (even if translated into English). This is just my personal opinion of the game. If you are Chinese or if you have visited Hong Kong/Shanghai, get this game and have a good time! But since there's a better choice (GTAV), get this game when it's on sale. By now the full price is not worth it.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=469659132http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=474848855"
,Recommended,307690,12418932,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Detective Sadist,"(Review simply based on additions and improvements, not the game itself.)- Improved Graphics- Sharper looking text and interface- Increased the ammount of pedestrians and cars- Pedestrians now look a lot more varied (alternate clothes, different faces)- All DLC's included- Sound and audio has improved- Physics has improved- Driving is smoother- Special places to buy DLC outfits- New billboards and signs seen around the city- City feels more alive (More people eating in the Golden Koi, people taking photo's, police investigating crime scenes, etc)The only cons I have seen so far are not game breaking but as follows;- Tiny glitches such as people and objects stay static in the air for a few seconds if hit- Cars seem to crash into you more often even when parkedThe game is a nicely polished version of the original. Mostly for fans of the original game who want to up their experience a little or for those who want all the DLC for a decent price. Either way, fantastic game made better."
,Recommended,307690,23291006,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,✯𝕁𝕆ℍℕ 𝕎𝔼𝕊𝕂𝔼ℝ✯,"Not much to say about this one,just imagine GTA and Saints row having a child that grew up in Hong Kong and studied martial arts under Bruce Lee & Jackie Chan and you have Sleeping Dogs.Keep in mind that it doesn't really tries to copy them and stands on its own as a worthy contestant to the genre.VerdictI really enjoyed my time with Sleeping Dogs it has the right dosage of fun and violence plus it made me learn""A man who never eats pork buns is never a whole man""7.5/10"
,Recommended,307690,13432727,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Megakoresh,"Look at Watch Dogs. Now at this game. Now back to Watch Dogs. Now back to this game. Sadly Watch Dogs aren't nearly as well-optimized, while offering marginally (very marginally) better graphical fidelity. Also Watch Dogs doesn't have an amazingly authentic city of Hong Kong with TONS of cultural education content. Neither does it have an interesting unique combat system, phenomenal voice acting, great satisfying driving with action hijacking, actually meaningful and clever hacking minigame (ironic, right?), a lot of variety in mission types and gameplay and a good storyline with actual emotions and some seriously shocking scenes.Sleeping Dogs Definitive edition is definitely a definitive Open World Action game in a well-defined location, with a defiant for the genre, yet great combat system and the very definition of what a GTA-style game should be. Definitely. Incredible game. EFG have delivered in full. Wholeheartedly recommend."
,Recommended,307690,16572394,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SnazzySnake,Sleeping Dogs is Wei better than Watch Dogs.
,Recommended,307690,12631198,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"""That is what worries me, Wei. That you have become one of them.""As the store page for the vanilla game is only available for the DLCs it's best to summarise what Sleeping Dogs is for the newcomers. In case you only wish to know what the Definitive Edition can offer please scroll down further where I detail its characteristics.Sleeping Dogs, in essence, is GTA in Hong Kong. You have a living, breathing city with hundreds of pedestrians, drivers and bad guys. Into this world comes Wei Shen, an undercover cop so that he can infiltrate the triads and end their reign once and for all.You are free to go wherever you wish in the city. Once you approach shining beacons at certain spots a mission is initiated which is introduced by a cutscene. This is the linear, the story part of the game and once a mission is complete you are back in Hong Kong where you can participate in racing events, do favors for citizens, bet in a cockfight, hack cameras, complete missions for the police, purchase clothing and vehicles.The activities are numerous not to mention the many collectibles scattered throughout the city: you can pay your respects at health shrines, collect lockboxes and red envelopes full of cash and you can look for jade statues to learn new moves from your old kung fu master. Oh, and you can date girls and participate in karaoke sessions, as well!The story of Wei Shen is excellent and full of intrigue, treachery and some surprises. Voice acting is excellent but why would anyone think differently: as soon as you hear the voice of Tom Wilkinson or James Hong you know the game will deliver! As opposed to GTA, in Sleeping Dogs emphasis is on the melee combat (attacks, heavy attacks and counters - rinse and repeat) but from time to time you can get hold of several firearms, too. I like how you can utilise the environment to ease a battle: enemies can be thrown into dumpsters or into a whirling fan where they are met with gruesome death. Both combat and car handling are smooth and fast!The 2 DLC stories that can be accessed from the main menu do not offer anything interesting, however, putting these aside in-game content requires you to devote at least 30-40 hours if you wish to reach 100% completion.The Definitive Edition:-- This edition gives you the full package with all DLCs included. Red envelopes are put elsewhere and some missions have been changed. In fact, the DLC clothing are now sold by a special vendor near the market area. Perhaps the most notable of this inclusion are the unique cop missions where you always assist your fellow officers (you need to hit and ram enemy vehicles or gun down bad guys or save a hostage).-- The game has better effects and higher resolution textures. Or so they say. The former are noticeable and for a city known for its ""light pollution"" it is a must, to be honest. In fact, there are more pedestrians on the streets so you can really feel being in Hong Kong.-- With all the graphics enhancements the game is still not demanding much: 60 FPS result is common, in fact, the game runs better on my rig than the original version did.-- With new features come new bugs: audio issues (overlapping) here and there and due to the more NPCs on the streets you notice more of them get stuck at certain places for no apparent reason. Still, these are all minor nuances.-- The game now has better keybindings. I know these can be changed in the controls menu but I always appreciate if the developers pick the applicable buttons per default. This layout now makes more sense.To use a pun I am happy to say this edition is a definitive must! As I had already had the vanilla game in my library I got a 50% special promotion for this super package - I believe this is nice so for me this edition was an immediate purchase."
76561197985289729,Recommended,307690,32558096,Posted: 18 June,all,acdbrn2000,"I have seen many reviews compare Sleeping Dogs to GTA V, but personally I tend to see the game a little differently.Unarmed fightingThe unarmed fighting in this game is one of the highlights and it really needs to be since this will be your primary form of taking out those who get in your way.  While it is not as detailed a hand to hand fighter as a 3D fighting game is I would say it compares favorably to the fighting system in Sega's Yakuza series.  You get a one button counter and all of your various attacks come from the 4 primary butons (run, attack, grab, and counter).  There a few moves that also rely upon having a lockon on your target but for the most part the primary 4 actions comprise the input for 90% of the main characters attacks in various combos and strings of presses.  From this relatively simple setup you can make a fairly cinimatic Kung Fu fight scene and are bound to do so at least once while playing it.  Even when facing opponets with knives, tire irons, meat cleavers, ect. the hero never feels like his hand to hand skills put him at a disadvantage and the feeling of becoming a Kung Fu movie action hero only grows as his array of skills grow over the course of the game.Gun playThe team who made the game did not wish for guns to become the focus of combat through out the game and made all weapons more along the line of powerups to be obtained and then discarded.   This shows in the combat sections with weapons.  The scripted events where you get a gun and are expected to use it are well designed and hide the major flaws in the gun combat.  The fact the hero gets a bullet time like ability when he does something movie like (action doge over a barrier, a disarm, jumping on to a car, shooting out a tire, and other) does a good job in making the very deadly gun combat more manageable.  If you are shooting from a vehicle and are trying to stop persuers then the second one gets next to you or ahead of you it is probably better to just reset since high speed precice aim is not this game's strong suite.  The few non scripted, non vehicle gun combat areas are not the best parts of the game and half the battle is finding a good place to hide, not get shot at from 6 places at once and die in 30 seconds.DrivingThe cars handle fine and the roads are a lot more interesting then most open world games you drive in.  There are city races and once you have to go at highspeed you quickly realize that even if you wanted to be a good driver and not damage other cars/property or kill innocent bystandards, this game makes this really really really hard not to become the largest mass murderer on the road.  Cars will swerve in to your path if you try and pass at high speed.  Pedestrians are every where ready to make one slightly missed turn into a 6 person murder scene.  Also for those not used to it (Americans) the right side of the road is incomming trafic... not the left.  Be prepared to kill more people then you intend to while driving in this game.StoryIf you are a fan of old school and new(ish) Kung Fu action movies then this game has it all for you.  There is even an island of death.  If you are a fan of gritty crime dramas then this game will give you a look at a vibrant society with criminal undercurrent that should replace generic cop drama 32 that is on this season.  The story is really good and even if you are not a fan of the gameplay this is a story that can keep you playing just to see what is next.Missions/side questsThe main missions are all interesting for story reasons and the ""boss"" fights are great.  The side missions vary from repetetive things you do to get the rewards (exp, items, cash) to some of the most interesting things this game has to offer.  One side quest (zodiac tournement) is really a small self contained story dlc and great fun.  The 2 other main DLC expansions are stand alone and also good and interesting content.Over all I would definetly recomend giving this game a chance."
,Recommended,307690,32311176,Posted: 10 June,all,Count Fapula,I'm not joking when I say I'm expecting a sequel. Amazing game.
,Recommended,307690,34642169,Posted: 31 August,all,♘ ZynChroMaTiK,"GTA but ""Made in China"", not those bootlegs version, but those that are better or equal to originals.Pros:- Imagine GTA but:in Hong Kongwith kung fu fights and brutal ko'syou play as undercover copcop wit sick hacking skillschinese triad mafia story with the honor and respect things like thateat pork buns maangdat plot twist tho3 campaigns dafq dayumCons:- driving style ain't that good for keyboards (dem vehicles tho)- hacking interactions worse than those on tv shows- no sequel"
,Recommended,307690,20216567,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Minami,A MAN WHO NEVER EATS PORK BUN IS NEVER A WHOLE MAN!
,Recommended,307690,28593043,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,chamcham,I wish there's a Sleeping dogs 2
76561198153417500,Recommended,307690,29561509,Posted: 29 January,all,Royale with Cheese,"""You look like you could use a pork bun!A man who never eats pork buns is never a whole man!Why don't you have a pork bun in your hand?"""
,Recommended,307690,16032030,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Jptree,YOU BUY GAME.YOU BUY PORK BUN.TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT.
,Recommended,307690,13555849,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kenedy Kross,I have to say i've played GTA5 before i tried this game. And I love this game more than GTA5
,Recommended,307690,29545141,Posted: 28 January,all,Kitten,"The Good-Great combat, very brutal too-Fun missions-Plenty to do as previous DLCs are included (even if you have nothing to do after doing all these)-Intriguing story-Vibrant urban atmosphere-Awesome soundtrack-Can tase and handcuff people at my own pleasure without the police giving a damnThe Bad-It's more a personal inconvenience since I never liked racing games or racing in anything. The streets of Honk Kong are too narrow and crowded for proper racing, sure it's illegal racing but come on...at least remove the cars and breakeable entities for a proper racing track? Damn-Minor bugs, easily fixable, doesn't mean they can't be annoyingConclusionIf you can overlook the bugs and bloke driving system the game is great and intense, I highly recommend this game for those who played GTA and likes some good ol' fighting :3"
,Recommended,307690,16032039,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Kovah,"I enjoy this more then Grand Theft Auto 5, quite a unique game, a must buy for people who love Martial Arts in a game, because there is lots of that."
,Recommended,307690,13564332,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Impressive graphics; particularly well done are the exterior urban environments+ Suberb voice-acting+ Gorgeous weather effects; you can even see steam rising from the pavement after a fresh rain+ Melee fighting mechanics are satisfying and intuitive+ Vehicles are well-designed, of sufficient variety, and handle well; the racing missions in this game (not something I'm usually a fan of) are extremely entertaining+ Freerunning/Parkour (whatever you want to call it) system is simple enough that it adds to the game, but doesn't come off as frustrating+ The story is engrossing and well-written; not necessarily anything original in content, and there are no significant surprises, but it is delivered so well that you will be very invested with the characters and their relationships (the character developement, too, is very, very  well done)+ Variety of outfit customization, including several cheeky cameos from other popular franchises- There are lots of cookie-cutter NPC models- Plot is linear, in that your choices will not affect the outcome- Firearm mechanics are easily this game's weakest point; they are clunky and poorly-implementedLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,307690,32736673,Posted: 24 June,all,TGITFH,There's a famous chinese proverb: No man is whole man without pork bun. Great game. The combat is exceptional and the envrionment is gorgeous.
76561198026362756,Recommended,307690,35052364,Posted: 18 September,all,Angfucious,"Open world games seem to have two ways to go.  You are either going to love it, or hate it with no inbetween.  It is safe to say that I am in love with this game.  The storyline alone could keep you hooked, but it is much more than that.   I have a tendency to go off on sidequest adventures to the point where I forget where I was in the main story.  Fortunately this game does not let you get that deep into sidequests as they open up while you progress the main story.   At first I was annoyed by being forced to complete missions in order to open up side quests, but in the end I appreciated the fact that I never got so into side quests that I forgot where the heck I was in the story.What can you say about Wei Shen?  At first I thought his character was going to be this angry guy that carries a chip on his shoulder the size of China.  While he does remain pretty angry, he is a protaganist that has every reason to be as you discover in the story.  I really enjoyed the fact that he was undercover amongst the Triads and you get to see him walk that line between the law and the underworld.  I also loved the fact that you had side missions that were on both sides of the law as well.  They did a wonderful job showing Wei's struggle to do what is right over just wanting to go on his personal revenge.  Every great protaganist needs a silly sidekick, and you get that with Wei's best friend, Jackie.  If anyone watches the show Pawn Stars, Jackie's personality reminds me of Chumlee.  The voice actors were on point with their characters.  All roles were played beautifully.  Oh... Wei Shen singing karaoke is a must do in this game.  Listening to him sing Flock of Seagulls was hilarious.The world itself is pretty big, so it took me awhile to explore every part of the map, but I have always enjoyed games where you have the ability to explore from one corner of the map to the other.  Of course it took me a few car crashes to remember that I was driving on the wrong side of the road.  After that, exploring became more enjoyable.  I went into this game blind, so I knew nothing about these random events that would pop up while you explore.  Finding some lady in a trunk of a car with lingerie on, who then proceeded to chew me out because I messed up her and her lover's fantasy, kept me quite amused.  I won't say what any of the others one are, so I don't spoil things.Combat was okay.  I did like that you did not have to use a gun or any other weaponry for the most part.  Hand to hand combat was effective and I didn't have to curse at my screen because I had to wait while Wei reloaded.  The reason why I just say it is okay is because it was pretty simple using a mouse.  You just clicked and clicked and you could pummel some unfortunate peon into the ground.  I did play with a controller as well, and that made combat a lot more challenging when it came to getting off combos and the like.  Wei's leveling system was pretty well designed.  He had a level system as a Triad member, as a police officer, and as an ordinary helpful citizen.  Each of these level systems had some wonderful perks, so they were all worth maxing out.  The hardest one to level up for me was for the Triads.  I had to replay some missions to get a higher score, but the police and citizen track was pretty easy.. no backtracking needed.There is so much to do in here, boredom just does not happen.  If you like open world games, you will love this one.  Regular price or sale price, it is completely worth the money.  I even enjoyed the DLC, which is not something I say very often about any DLC."
,Recommended,307690,13205642,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Skylar Wolfie,"This game is really good this second time around!!! Updated shaders and materials and a lot of optimizations have been made for better performance. (Higher Framerates, etc.)Gameplay Pros:- Parkour- Street races- A very interesting story (nothing totally original, but good)- Fun combat situations- Ka-ra-tay- Decent selection of cars to buy and driveGameplay Cons:- Annoying car physics, I say this because when you hit a cardboard box on the side of the road, the entire front of your car is mangled. The cars handling is ok... It's really how they deal damage and how they act on the road. (Ex: Pot hole = Fly into a doom pit pretty much)- Dialog, when a bad guy talks in a cut scene *SPOILER* Like when ""Smiley's"" men attack the Golden Koi, the gangster has a gun on Ms. Chu, his dialog makes you want to laugh... it's like ""FAK YU BICK I GOTTA FIE DALLA YU GIB ME DA SHET.""   xD- WHY PEGGY. WHY."
,Recommended,307690,23456525,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Solar,"Great graphics, superb story, satisfying soundtrack, comfortable controls, delightful DLC. This game is absolutely a must-buy!"
76561198024950406,Recommended,307690,27365329,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Purplecoyote,"Sleeping Dogs is one of those rare games that everybody loves, and every recommend to each other, but somehow no one has ever played it ( as far as you know).So I picked it up during a sale after it had been sitting on my wish list for a long time, and wow.I get it now.Sleeping Dogs is an incredible open world game, unique, lovingly crafted, and expertly written. Does it have its faults? Of course it does, as any game does, but the risks it takes, and the ways it succeeds far outweigh any nitpicking.Protagonist Wei Shen is an interesting, layered, and complex main character, in a world and surrounded by characters that are just as complex as he is.The story about Hong-Kong Triads is very well done, and every character has so much personality, that you stay curious about how the story will unfold.I personally still haven't finished the main storyline because I simply don't want it to end. I treat myself to a story mission every now and then, like a delicious slice of cake on the weekend.But while the story itself is quite serious, as gangsters usually are, the story does make plenty of room for a bit of humor, and especially nods to Hong Kong action movies.The combat is unique and fun, the world vibrant and interesting, the characters complex, the story great.Please play Sleeping Dogs, so you can start recommending it to your friends who will also wait months to actually do so, like you did."
,Recommended,307690,34584999,Posted: 29 August,all,Eazy,Fantastic open-world story game with crazy fun combat. The world is very immersive and the voice-acting was superb. It's not a GTA clone at all like a lot of people say. I highly recommend this amazing game.
,Recommended,307690,13251682,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Nick Fuggin Wilde,It's GTA meets a John Woo movie. The melee is really fun and the guns work great :3
,Recommended,307690,12841880,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sleepless,"You heard the story of Wei Shen! But now, hear it again, only it is prettier now! Like way prettier, also all the hair is all soft and moving and his jackets have little doodads and his clothes have physics that weren't there the first time!Also, now the DLC is all integrated into the game and the DLC missions show up at story-appropriate times, and DLC outfits and content is slowly distributed throughout the game in a way that is much more satisfying! No more will you turn on the game and get some weird pop-up about how now you can dress up like some old guy from MMA and also you have lots of money and points! Now you will have to quest to look like that old guy from MMA (I think, I don't really know who that guy is?).If you have seen the protests on television, then you will know the government doesn't want you to Occupy Central! Don't give in! With Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition, you can digitally Occupy Central and show your solidarity. Wei Shen supports freedom and self-determination, you should too!"
,Recommended,307690,32662490,Posted: 22 June,all,alphabet boy!,"Don't rush the main story. Once it's over, you'll feel empty on the inside. This is like the genre of Grand Theft Auto meets the importance of a story in the way only Square Enix can deliver. Maybe it's just because the grass is always greener on the other side, but I wish this was bigger, and I wish they hadn't ditched the sequel. I'm emotionally attached to Wei Shen."
,Recommended,307690,25599652,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Hbox's yellow card,"I've already played through this twice and hit almost 100% completion, and I still find myself coming back to this amazing game.Sleeping Dogs is a fun and action packed game with a brilliant story, and a great setting, although at some points it's mechanics let it down.Story:In Sleeping Dogs, you will control Wei Shen, an undercover cop tasked with infiltrating one of the Hong Kong triads and bringing it down from the inside. Wei himself is mostly a pretty forgettable character, and is not really shown to have many major flaws. He is tough and intelligent, and is essentially a perfect human, to a borderline unrealistic point. The story does not so much shine in all its characters as much as it does with its excellent moral conflict as Wei begins to be torn between whether or not he wishes to destroy the gang he works himself into, and in my opinion the story is one of the best aspects of Sleeping Dogs, and is a main reason I continue to return to the game.Setting:While the map may be a tad small compared to many open world games, the way the streets are constructed, the sound effects, and the whole atmosphere really creates a rich setting which at least to me, never gets boring. Hong Kong is essentially a necessary part of the game due to its focus on the triads, and even though it's quite small, what they do have is done just right. While I haven't personally been to HK, a friend of mine has said that it does in fact look like the real city.Graphics:Sleeping Dogs is a beautiful game, especially considering how it isn't exactly too new. Some of the textures aren't too great, and often the characters seem to shine like they'd been polished, but leaving the games apartment and walking out onto a street at dusk just after some rain still never ceases to amaze me.Music:The original soundtrack in Sleeping Dogs, for me, isn't really anything special. It certainly isn't bad, it just isn't really unique enough to stand out. The radio songs on the other hand, really hit the mark, particularly in my opinion on stations such as Softly or Warp Radio. I never get sick of just driving around the city listening to the music.Gameplay:While Sleeping Dogs on the surface may look a bit similar to GTA, it is in fact quite different, something which is both a positive and a negative. On the plus side, Sleeping Dogs' hand to hand combat is very well done. While it is spammy if you want it to be, the range of options you have at your disposal means that the combat doesn't get boring no matter how many fights you are in. A downside to this combat is the presence of firearms. Guns are not introduced until about 30% through the campaign, and even once introduced you would be hard pressed to obtain one outside of a campaign mission. There is not traditional weapon select as there is in many open world games, instead you are able to carry one small firearm stored in your pocket, but that firearm does not persist between missions meaning that if you had a pistol in your pocket and then do a mission, likely that pistol will have despawned again once you re-enter the open world. The general lack of guns in Sleeping Dogs is not necessarily a bad thing however, because the guns you can use are in all honestly not always that fun. They do not really feel as satisfying as guns in, say, GTA do, particularly due to the lack of variation. While slow motion cover vaulting or quick disarms are fun, the gunplay itself is often quite lacklustre in my opinion, meaning don't come to Sleeping Dogs looking for a great shooter.Perhaps my least favourite mechanic out of the whole game is it's driving. Cars in Sleeping Dogs handle terribly. Steering is not smooth, handbrakes are a joke, and the reversing camera is just plain bad. The redeeming feature of vehicles is the ability to jump from one to another. Despite how unrealistic doing this is, it is still satisfying to jump from one car to another in slow motion.Overall, Sleeping Dogs is perhaps one of my favourite games of all time. It has an excellently told story taking place in a rich and atmospheric world with great visuals. The melee combat is deep and satisfying, even though guns and driving fall off a little, making Sleeping Dogs essentially a must for any fans of a good tale."
76561198053671478,Recommended,307690,12431045,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Alcapwn,"ill keep it simple*City now looks almosty smoggy all the time esp noticable at night, color pallet is a tad different in places to reflect this.*Npc and cars have more variety and look a bit better.*General astectics look better, like vendors, shops, debrie, steam and smoke etc*More distructible objects,*Better reflections and the main characters skin and clothing looks far less plastic like and only shines when wet or bloodyAll in all everything looks more gritty and dirty in a good kind of way however if you already own the original and its dlcs  i cant honestly say its enough of a change to bother getting and i find it runs a fair bit worse for me than the original. None the less despite what has been said it does not look worse, its a matter of realism and taste really.Basically if you dont have it its a good version to own, otherwise meh."
,Recommended,307690,25590811,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,TASTEFUL SIDEBOOB [HOH],"Better than GTA V.YEAH, I SAID IT."
,Recommended,307690,12443597,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,[TAW] Derisat Hartfelt,"When a game is remade and released, they usualy fall short of expectations and claims. This time, the game didn't. It's improved in every way, and the DLC which used to eb dumped on you all at once is now doled out slowly over the course of the game. Allowing you to enjoy the game without starting out maxed in every skill."
,Recommended,307690,16963845,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,King Tim,"''Hey, I'm getting some noodles, you want some?''''Sure''''What kind?''''They're f*cking noodles Vincent''Get yo sh*t together, Vincent."
,Recommended,307690,31041944,Posted: 9 April,all,Isador,It is way better than I thought.This game is something between Saints Row and GTA without that many guns.Story is good and it gets better the deeper you are in the story.After 40 hours I still had lot things to do. This map is filled with collectibles of all kind.Only downside is older graphics and sometimes controls.
,Recommended,307690,31588959,Posted: 6 May,all,TzaM,"I never thought I'd like an open-world game so much like Grand Theft Auto. But Sleeping Dogs is quite fun and unique, both for combat system, witty missions, a pretty intense story, and interesting minigames. If you do not want to spend on GTA V or want to wait for it to come down, Sleeping Dogs is your best option."
,Recommended,307690,26347454,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Moose,Better story than GTA V.
76561198028107654,Recommended,307690,25051462,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Radec-Helghast,"Once you played this game, you will never forget this:""Why don't you have a pork bun in your hand? A man who never eats a pork bun is never a whole man!""So get a pork bun and be a whole man!"
,Recommended,307690,29735015,Posted: 5 February,all,Ass Smasher,"An honestly great game that is often overlooked by most gamers. An undercover cop brawler set in Hong Kong is an awesome concept and thankfully the game does delivers on that promise. The story is gripping as you get to know the local thugs and have conflicting feelings along the way. There are many twists and turns that keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time. But if you are ever tired of main story, the side missions are very enjoyable as well.  The combat is okay, but makes up for it with exciting enviromental takedowns and a fun driving system. If you ever have one of those days where you are feeling down, this game will lighten up your day with its fun sandbox."
,Recommended,307690,15785638,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Yuno ❤,They speak good Cantonese10/10
,Recommended,307690,16335601,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA  !!,A man who never eat pork bun is never WHOLE MAN !!
,Recommended,307690,29210615,Posted: 12 January,all,T H R I L L H O U S E,"Possibly one of the most underrated open world games ever released. The story is decent, but the fighting mechanics are lovingly crafted and feel weighty and brutal. Arcade-style driving, ramming, and shooting make car chases feel like less of a chore than in GTA games.Great for open world fans, even better for kung-fu movie fans."
,Recommended,307690,31535008,Posted: 3 May,all,Aubrielle,"As of writing this, I'm just over two hours into Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition, and I'm finding myself constantly impressed.  This has to be one of the most underrated open-world urban crime games I've ever played.  It is a phenomenally well-crafted and tightly packaged experience.  It's perfect for those who feel dirty playing GTA 5, who find it tries too hard to offend...and on the other extreme, those who want a slightly more immersive experience than the madhouse irreverance of Saints Row the Third.  Join the deadly Wei Shen, an undercover cop returning to his native Hong Kong from a long stay in the US, as he attempts to infiltrate and destroy one of the notorious underworld gangs running the brightly-lit city.  Drive anywhere, level up, and fight hard to enhance your reputation with both the Hong Kong PD and the ruthless Triad.  Take a breather by buying luxury items to improve your apartment, or by shopping for clothes to outfit Wei Shen in style.  Don't forget to use stylish martial arts combos and help people that need it - these things enhance your charisma and give you access to better clothes, equipment, and bonuses.And the soundtrack is absolutely fantastic.But don't think it'll be a cakewalk.  Saints Row the Third - one of my very favorite games - made me a clumsy driver who thought nothing of knocking down phone booths and roadside obstacles.  In Sleeping Dogs, this will cost you cop XP, so exercise discipline and be careful!  I'd come to the game hoping for a playable female protagonist and was disappointed - Wei Shen is the star of this story, and he's very male.  But don't worry.  This game isn't as chauvinistic and sexist (not to mention homophobic, transphobic, and just plain ugly) as GTA 5. Sleeping Dogs tells a serious story about real life for an imperfect cop seeking revenge in a dangerous city, and it proves that you don't need to be a jerk to create a truly masculine protagonist.Sleeping Dogs is well-crafted, full of swag to purchase and earn, and loads of class, not to mention A-list voice talent from movie stars you'll be surprised to hear.  Hong Kong comes alive on your screen in all its splendor and danger, and it's been one crazy ride for me.  It's absolutely worth owning - and I strongly, strongly recommend it if you find it on a great sale.  I found it for 80% off on a Steam sale and I'm still wondering how I got so lucky.Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition is one of the most solid titles I've purchased in a long time."
,Recommended,307690,28434795,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"TL;DR:Spiritual successor to the ""TRUE CRIME"" open world games, Sleeping Dogs is such a HUGE step on improvements in every aspects of the past series. Solid story, great gameplay, decent visuals and voice acting! Highly recommended for every gamers who love open-world GTA style games!The definitive edition brings every released DLC on the vanilla edition into this edition. There is claims of improved visuals and other aspects but I cannot confirm nor deny these allegations as I barely played the ""normal"" edition.PROS:+Solid story+Great and savage melee combat+Fun driving and gunplay+Big variety in missions+Good visuals and voice acting.+Many collectibles to hunt down and other enjoyable diversions (if that is your sort of thing) but for once, these collectibles are actually handy. In exemple, I suggest you do all the races then some special three-way missions unlock so you can work upon getting the best ""experimental"" car in the game. VERY HANDY!+I played this game with keyboard and mouse and the controls were solid throughout the whole game.+Game supports 21:9 ultrawide resolutions and everything was perfect on it!+Sleeping Dogs ran without any problems, tech issues or game breaking bugs. There was a few instances that the game had frozen objectives and only way for fixing it was reloading the checkpoint. Aside from that, no issues whatsoever!CONS:-Wonky driving camera as it always auto-resets itself and there is no way to disable it.-There would also be some minor cons like the lack of plane/helicopter piloting since in SD, you only drive cars and boats.-Radio soundtrack is average, with a few good licenced songs on different radio stations. They can't beat GTA in that department.RECOMMENDATION:I wholeheartedly recommend this game to any fan of open-world type games similar to GTA. You will love this game!...CLOSUREA few months ago, it was confirmed that the Canadian developing studio behind Sleeping Dogs closed down. Such a big shame... Game of this quality deserved more sequels and I was very saddened to hear of that bad news. I'm not sure if the MMO-type Sleeping Dogs that was in production was one of the reason for the downfall since mostly every fans only wanted a true sequel instead but no one will know for sure.I really wish the best to the devs that worked at UNITED FRONT GAMES!"
,Recommended,307690,25597628,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,bruce!,Before playing this game I wondered why I didn't have a pork bun in my hand. Afterwards I fully understood why and obtained one.
,Recommended,307690,30760300,Posted: 26 March,all,TeddyStyle,"Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition is often referred to as the Chinese/Japanese GTA. I hope that we can put this common misconception aside and look at this game as it is. The game brings so much more to the table. It has a hacking system, good melee combat , free running, mahjong poker, classical music & chinese pop on the radio and even karaoke. That's not the surprising part, the surprising part to me was that it brought as much as GTA IV and combine it with so much more side stuff. To give you an idea how much there is, there is about 30% story and the rest of it is all side stuff. And when you are thinking that you are done with everything you can call contacts to unlock even more side content, at the moment 32 hours in, I did just about did half of the whole package.The fighting system is both smooth on keyboard and mouse as it is on controller. The main fighting style in the city is kung fu, and anyone seems to master it, and the game loves to shed light upon this style to make players use it . What I mean with that is that gun fights are going to be there but they are going to be scarce. There are loads of combinations to unlock in fighting to make you even more of a powerhouse. They even added realistic sounds to the fighting, whenever we are doing a finisher which is breaking an arm for example sounded so realistic that it reminded me from when I dislocated my shoulder. It sounded so similar that I got goose bumps from it. Some kinds of fighters grab you from behind and hold you in a uncomfortable position to escape from but it is so hard to escape from that it's annoying. Another minor disadvantage is that the heavy and weak attack is set to the same key which I thought made the combinations a bit harder than they should be.The story starts off pretty straight forward and linear but eventually I got attached to the main character as you get to understand him. You play Wei Shen, a returning Hong Kong citizen, which had connections with the Sun On Yee triads from his childhood. Upon his return he got arrested because of crimes he commited in the United States. Since he has connections to the triads he has to infiltrate into the gang and destroy the gang from inside out. This includes betrayal, killing, investigations on people and even hacking to achieve your goal. Most of the side mission also are about the police work you can do. The main character really was well fit into the story, most of the time you could not even tell if he was instinctivily making decisions in the gang or he was doing it to succeed in his mission to destroy the gang. In the end the story takes a few interesting turns which came out of nowhere but it turned out very good.In the past you could buy the version without the DLC's but I looked into it and they seemed mandatory since that version is not available anymore. There are two extra stories, obviously smaller than the main story.The first DLC is called Nightmare in North Point which is set after the main story as a horror story. It includes ancient Chinese myths like the Jiang Shi folklore. The combat is also pretty engaging because every fight gets more intense with an extra difficulty added. For me this DLC is equally good content as the main story.The second DLC is called Year of the Snake which is set right before Chinese New Year. Here you have to do cop work to defeat a terrorist cult trying to bomb the city and most of it's citizens. It was more of a cat and mouse game than the suposed investigation on the cult. Some of the missions initiated with searching within an area which was just as easy as finding the odd looking guys in special suits. I wish they had made that more intense. What I also noticed is that unlike in the main story of the first DLC is that Wei was very quiet which I did not like, I would have loved some conversations even if it just was filler.All in all a real thrill to play and even worth trying out if you favor GTA above anything. If the fighting style sounds like you would enjoy it or enjoy the combination they pulled off with the police work and the triad crimes you really should try out this game. However you shouldn't pick this up if you do not prefer melee combat."
,Recommended,307690,22600561,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mikie ŌvŌ Owl,"This and Far Cry 3 are probably the 2 games I enjoyed the most in the last 2 or 3 years.You get to play as Wei Shen, an undercover cop joining the Triads in Hong Kong,Armed with guns, swords, fish (yes fish), knives and some awesome martial arts skills you get to kick A** around Kong Kong.I wont get in to the background story as its available on the store page but i will say this is much more than a GTA clone, the gameplay, the story, and especially the location all give this game its own identity.I visit Far Eastern Asia twice a year and playing this made me want to go back sooner, it also reminded me of home a little with the once British influence of HK, especially the roads and transport.I didnt want this game to end and when it did I started it again.10/10 Hoping they make another"
76561198140367570,Recommended,307690,23293657,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,69Xxx_GC_xxX420,"LUV DIS GAME MORE THAN GTA5.In GTA5, you will be imediately wanted for killing 2 people in the wilderness where it looks like there's no signal at all. YEAH, VERY REALISTIC.In Sleeping Dogs, you can kill the entire people in the nightmarket. And ram police car into trash to avoid the arrest. This is called a one-man slaughter. THIS IS A CRIME-THEMED GAME !!!!In GTA5, you carry a load of firearms and draw from nowhere. YEAH, VERY REALISTIC.In Sleeping Dogs, weapons and firearms are not very necessary. Your body is the primary weapon against the thugs.The mixed martial arts used by Wei will make you feel breathtaking.Highly recommend this game if you're into crime-themed ones."
,Recommended,307690,28496282,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Bacon&Porkchops,One of the best open world games out there. And the most underrated in my opinion.
,Recommended,307690,13186384,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,CzechKronner,"Just as good as the original Sleeping Dogs - so about 35-40 hours of quality open-world action.This version has slightly better graphics, some new minor missions and overall better balance (the game is a bit harder since you don't start with all the booster packs as was the case with the original release).I was happy to re-play this gem."
,Recommended,307690,17458032,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Esser-Z,"Quite possibly the best written videogame I've ever played. Great gameplay, too. Seriously, this game is phenomenal."
,Recommended,307690,23738167,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ray12370,It's like GTA but the hookers are actually are hot.
,Recommended,307690,12962013,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Red,"Sleeping Dogs the Definitive Edition is a great rebranding of the original game. It updates the parkour and combat system with slightly new controls and in my opinion more response from the original. The driving has been improved by alot the only thing they didnt spiff up a bit was the camera controls while driving which can still be a pain in some situations. As for the textures and update models I will say the graphics haven't been updated that much but the increased models makes the enviroment feel a little bit more immersive. Now for the DLC which I feel is done the right way in this game as opposed to the original where it was all handed to you the second you step into your apartment and you become the endgame badass on mission 2. All the clothing has been added to a Legendary Vendor, police vehicles and equipment is achieved by finishing cop jobs, cars and other clothing is all unlocked via finishing missions/side content and the zodiac tournament. If you haven't yet played this game this is definetly a great buy having the whole game and DLC's in one with update mechanics and improved code for a much more stable playing experience. If you have the original game but not all the DLC's and you were a fan of this game you'll love it all over again. 9/10."
76561198218665447,Recommended,307690,30078347,Posted: 21 February,all,snakey,"As a hongkonger myself, i can say that many of the aspects in this game are spot-on, e.g. the phone booths and some stickers on the walls etc. The cantonese is also perfect, which is rare in games. Only thing that annoys me is that the roads and the places are all in the wrong place, and the city doesnt look like Hong Kong in some places. Still a bloody nice game though."
76561198154029976,Recommended,307690,32201878,Posted: 5 June,all,The 9th,"A ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece of open world, triad wars and overall guns, violence and entertainment galore!Sleeping Dogs is an awesome addition to the open world genre and it brings the best of the best in its gameplay, strorytelling, and not too shabby graphics.You get to play as an undercover cop who infiltrates the Triad gangs of Hong Kong and trial of pain after trial of decision (all scripted - sorry) the story unfolds as you roam around and generally act like nothing sort of a lunatic.""Cop""...I recommend this game to anyone who even remotely likes open world games of fast cars, shooting, beating your opponents to♥♥♥♥♥♥and using the environment to your advantage (i.e. impaling someone on swordfish heads).The customization in Definitive Edition is insane and it also adds two new DLCs that are extremely well done and refresh the whole experience from the start.Even on full price it's a must have, on a sale - you should be ashamed of your wallet if you don't get it.9/10 since it is a bit plagued by bugs which will stop you on your way to somewhere or even some, which are really bothersome.GET IT THOUGH!"
76561198036662065,Recommended,307690,25052534,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Hashash,"Play as an undercover cop in the Chinese triads working your way up in the Chinese criminal underworld.This is an unique game focusing on violent Kung Fu moves & melee combat.I would even go as far as to call this game more brutal than the GTA series, because of the sick Bruce Lee touch over this.Great soundtrack goes along with a great story and fun gameplay.I hope to see more Sleeping Dog games in the future."
,Recommended,307690,25035053,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sergeant Phantom Penis Daddyyy,Its gta if it got gud and was asian.10/10 accents.10/10 martial arts.10/10 plot twist.10/10 can jump from car to car.10/10 Would be asian again.
,Recommended,307690,23852364,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nuatella,need sleeping dogs 2!
,Recommended,307690,28577008,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Lucky | SuperiorServers.co,This is my favorite game of all time.H2H Combat? Amazing.Vehicular Combat? Wonderful.Gun-play? Spectacular.Storyline? Inthralling.I cannot express how good of a game this is.
,Recommended,307690,26174862,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,CLÉÝDSÒÑ MLK PÍRÃNHÄcsgoatse.com,"Since the recent closure of United Front Games, I decided to make a review of what I consider their masterpiece, Sleeping Dogs.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Sleeping Dogs, originally released in2012was a shock for me. I didn't like a single thing about True Crime (Sleeping Dogs originally was a True Crime sequel), and I was ignoring it from the announcement until the release. Then, days after release, I got a copy of the game for PS3, since I was curious to see the reason of all those great review scores that it was getting, and decided to try and I was impressed with everything. Hong Kong lives in the game, UFG really made a amazing recreation of it. The story was good, and even more if we take the open-world genre in account, it's not a mind blowing tale, but for it's genre, it's quite well built, graphics were very good, and so the soundtrack.After I finished it, I decided to wait for the DLCs to play it again but I ended just skipping it. However, sometime ago Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition was in a sale on Steam and I jumped for it, and honestly, I don't regret a single bit.Damn, I could have bought it for the full price and I still wouldn't regret.First, the PC port is good. We have some graphics options, like AA, shadows quality, motion blur, andfull support to 60FPS/1080p+, and this is nice. Also, the Definitive Edition fortunately don't make you overpowered from the start (the original game had a lot of DLCs to get fast upgrades, cars, money and more), and this is great. Also, I played it for long sectionswithout a single crash or breaking bug, another good point. The graphics are okay for today standards.Talking about the story again, it's not the greatest story ever told, but I enjoyed it. We're playing as the undercover copWei Shen, that came back from the USA to work in HKPD, his mission is to infiltrate and weaken one of the triads that run the town, calledSun on Yee(based off on the real HK triad,Sun Yee On). Before leaving Hong Kong for the first time, Wei had contacts within the triad, with made his job easier and as him complete jobs for his leader,Winston Chu, he turns in a very important member. After some events, himself turns in a SoY leader and begin to question his boss in the police. Overall, it's predictable (with the exceptions of some events that really took me in surprise), but it's good, well made, of course, it has some fails and holes, like for example, back in the start of the game, there's almost no guns at all. Then close to the ending, almost every mission will involve a gunfight. Also, some characters, likeSonny Wu, that ends doing a big part on the game, weren't developed at all. Maybe this could be explained with cut contents, I don't know. But still is a good story.Then, gameplay-wise,the fighting system is extremely good and satisfying. Wei can learn fighting movements with his old sensei, and also he can learn others when your triad level get higher. Exploring the city feels good, it's interesting search for collectibles and there's a lot of side missions, includingraces, hacking cameras, random events, favors and more. Driving cars is not that pleasant, but is acceptable, and cops porsuit is also good. The game has a good level of customization possibilities, from clothing to buying cars and items for your houses.And man, the soundtrack. UFG did a great work with it, there's a lot of radios, some with english pop, rock or eletronic, other with cantonese radios, with hip-hop and popular songs in the country, and also, there's a radio with classic music. And it's incredible how some songs are put in story missions, after one of the saddest missions on the gamethe wedding,this songjust begun to play in the first car I got. Then, in a race in a place more distant from the city,this onestarted.After writing this, I just feel bad because I know that a sequel is unlikely now. And seeing the status of some franchises owned by Square Enix and their latest titles, like Just Cause and Deus Ex, it might be best to remain like this, but if someday Sleeping Dogs 2 comes, I will be there with my pork buns ready.REVIEW:9.5/10"
,Recommended,307690,34647741,Posted: 31 August,all,Bashi Hentai,"Strange to say it after all that's happened, but Hong Kong kind feels like home.Yeah, but which Hong Kong... Officer..."
,Recommended,307690,26109329,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Bomb_Bomberson,"goodnight, sweet prince."
,Recommended,307690,12427063,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Wiikly Reviews,So I downloaded the Definitive Edition of Sleeping Dogs on Steam. Gotta say I was pretty impressed with some parts in the game they really took extra care of. One thing I really like instead of boxes and crates just flying around all over now they will actually move and break apart. Your car driving stages are MUCH smoother this time around compared to before. (I sometimes hated the driving and shooting stages.) They fixed alot of other bugs including one that was very annoying. When walking up to certain food stations or NPC's sometimes Wei will walk in place and take like 2 or 3 minutes to finally get in the right position to finally speak to them That thankfully also has been fixed. If you were on the fence about getting Sleeping Dogs Definitive Edition before try it out now. Lots of improvements plus if you originally had the game you can upgrade and pay $15 for the newer version. Overall? Solid game Can't wait to play through it again!
,Recommended,307690,12474911,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,SOH,"Pros- Interesting plot- Great gameplay- The graphics are great- Hong Kong feels alive- It comes with all of the DLCCons- If you owned the original Sleeping Dogs and want to transfer your old saves to the Definitive Edition then you are out of luck (If you can though please let me know)If you didn't get to play Sleeping Dogs before this version was released, I highly reccomend it.If you had the original game but you didn't have all of the DLC like me then I would reccomend it.If you owned Sleeping Dogs and all of the DLC then I wouldn't reccomend it.Sleeping Dogs Nightmare in North Point (DLC)Pros:- New face metre that lets you take on specific enemy typesCons:- Because Sleeping Dogs has such a serious story, a story about zombies in Hong Kong felt out of place- The campaign only lasts around 1 - 2 hoursFinal verdict for Nightmare in North Point - 6/10"
,Recommended,307690,27580793,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wei-t Wu-at?,Learned some Cantonese profanaties
,Recommended,307690,25594731,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Wonderful Wonderful,"GTA but with pork buns how could you not want it?Really though it was an enjoyable game, the story isn't necessarily amazing but it's definitely enough to keep you playing. Of course like other 3rd person console ports there are some issues with controls (and disgusting aim assist) and the driving felt very weird to me like you were driving through molasses or something but even with that the game was still fun to play through. I didn't do all the side quests but I did most of them (and played pretty slowly) and racked up 25 hours so for the current price I'd say it's a definite pickup. That being said it's, in my opinion, not worth the $30 price tag that it has normally, it's a fun game but it's not $30 fun.7/10 get some pork buns"
76561198051857609,Recommended,307690,32944982,Posted: 28 June,all,antopini331,"Alright, I think it's time for a review. After playing this game for 45 hours, and now completely beating it 100%, I just have to say that I really enjoy this game. It's fun, action-packed, you go driving around their little Hong Kong, etc. I loved a lot about this game, but of course, it has its flaws.What I liked;+The combat. The combat system in this game is great. While sometimes wonky on counters, I found this combat system to be great, fast, and not difficult to master.+The story. While it went very fast, I liked every mission. None were too long, repetitive, or just plain boring. It showed that the characters have emotions and you cared for Wei a lot of the time. Of course made you hate certain people too (won't spoil anything).+The outfits. There are a bunch of outfits. I've always loved games that let you customize your character. Even if I can't change his appearance, I can still change his style. If fun and the preset outfits are badass. Especially the Square Enix specified ones.+The pull to make you play more. This game kept making come back to completely finish it. You know it's a good game when they have you be occupied the whole time. Sure I took breaks. You can't keep doing the same game all the time. Unless... you do.+Races. The races who fun and a bit easy. I never had a real tough time with races. I always had the better car really. They were fast and sometimes slow, but really fun. There's quite a bit too!+Upgrades. The upgrades just make you unstoppable. You learn new moves and they kick♥♥♥♥♥ You also get some perks as well. Like stealing a car without the alarm going off for instance.+Gaining stats. There is a certain achievement where you need 30 silver medals and 30 gold medals. That was a doozy to get. You gain most just from playing. At least the majority you do. Others you can really just farm for them.+The ideas behind the DLCs. They are great and are fun to play. The Nightmare in North Point one was great, while the Year of the Snake was ok.What I Didn't Like;+The cars. While the car themselves looked awesome, the turn radius on these supercars is just awful. You can't even make a sharp turn nor turn fast in some of these fast cars. Pressing space (or whatever your drift button is) just makes you drift which slows you down.+Drifting. When you drift, you basically stop. While you'd do that in real life, most games just have you still move. Also, it's very wild. You can't predict where you're going except a wall or railing.+The DLCs themselves. While they were fun, they were so quick. You get each one done in about an hour or two. It's way too quick compared to the main game.+Dates. While they help out with finding lockboxes, health shrines, and jade statues, there is no point. You see that they hang out, you do the date and that's it. No continuum, nothing.+Use of weapons. You don't use weapons that often besides in the missions. Even when you do, guns are the only things that last a bit longer than the melee weapons. The melee weapons literally just wear off.+Roland's and Tang's jobs. They are just time-consuming and suck really. Tang's does give you a looooot of money though.All in all, I loved this game. It was amazing and I would totally recommend you buy it!"
,Recommended,307690,33576140,Posted: 15 July,all,Tamez 2^7,"You need to play this atleast once.Pros:- Excellent story about the Triads, i loved it.- Great fighting and parkour mechanics.- Great ambient in the city, it really feels alive.- Lots of collectibles and easter eggs.- This definitive edition comes with everything and it's really cheap on sale.Cons:- The driving in general is bad.- I wish it was longer, it took me about 13 hours to finish the campaign and the three main DLCs.It's a shame it's not very popular like GTA or Saints Row, for me this is one of those ""Must have"" in your steam library."
,Recommended,307690,15448225,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Brizone,"> Can solo a whole gang (full of knives) and 4 martial arts club.> Can survive 30 foot fall, rammed by a truck, sprayed by bullets, being poisoned and tortured to near-death.> Can leap between buildings and (even) vehicles, can parkour all day long and has unlimited sprint.> Can't jump.11/10 - I like Ms. Chu's way of dealing with bad guys."
76561197978049429,Recommended,307690,33241289,Posted: 4 July,all,Dreamcatcher,"One of the most underrated games ever.... Very unfortunate the game didn't sell as expected and that United Front Games shut down.... Nevertheless, this is like GTA in Hong Kong with beautiful scenery and excellent fighting/story action. The game is even more appealing to me as I have family roots in Hong Kong and have visited there a couple of times. I beat the game on 360 when it first came out but I am back for more on PC. This is a must play in my opinion."
,Recommended,307690,29496426,Posted: 25 January,all,[DBH]*Whismerhill*{SSgt},"This game is amazing,ok it's also not perfect even in its ""definitive edition""but the Hong Kong setting, very different to what I'm used to, undercover cop... very interesting game imho. Also a good GTA-like albeit with a bit more fighting.The good:-good gfx-good music-awesome setting-Lucy Liu voiced Vivienne !The minor flaws :-some binds are not rebindable, even though you can rebind most of them too badexamples : map hotkey, phone hotkeys-can't call anyone in the middle of missions, sometimes forcing you to steal a car or walk a lot-the car controls are good overall, very easy to do 180° turns & the like, that said they lack in precision, it's somewhat not easy to navigate in between cars without hitting any, particularly with fast cars. It's not undoable, it's just the car tend to jump left & right instead of smoothly turn.-when people are in your car, or even alone, sometimes it's good to drive ""slowly"" if you wanna hear all the conversations, I know I made the mistake a few times and the game just skip ahead if you went too fast, therefore you might miss out on stuff. (albeit it's minor)-I know guns are a rarity in hong kong, but you can lose your gun while eating pork bun .....it just vanishes ....also in the same vein, some guns are in locked boxes, had an Uzi ? well there was a gun in the box, Uzi vanished ...If you read all that you must think : ""what the hell so many flaws ?"" well it's all pretty minor, too bad this wasn't polished a little more, but the game is worth going through these little annoyances."
,Recommended,307690,35278110,Posted: 28 September,all,Captain_Bunneee,"Having played GTA from III, Vice City, San Andreas and IV, Sleeping dogs just overtook GTA as my favorite game after only 2.1hours in it.This game is a gem and definitely fits into one of the must-play games of our life.I wished it had a full Cantonese dialogue though.."
,Recommended,307690,29892577,Posted: 12 February,all,Into the FIRE!!!!!!!!!!!,"saw some thugs in streets decided to beat them up,they knew martial art,woke up in hospital next day.. cost me 12000 HKD"
76561198316383504,Recommended,307690,26348118,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,lololol,"7 bucks for a full, immersive open-world experience with ALL DLCs included. Get it soon before the sale is over"
76561198322454422,Recommended,307690,29684932,Posted: 3 February,all,Zodrem,"Amazing storyline, diverse characters that are all unique and with great dialogue and voice acting, fun events, side missions, and DLC. You can really relate to the protagonist, Wei Shen, and the other main characters you meet throughout the story. Sleeping Dogs will always be one of my most favourite games. I can't remember how many times I've played through it on console or PC. The campaign is amazing, unfortunately it immerses you so much that you end up completing it before you know it, leaving you feeling empty and defeated. Then you just start from the begining again and the cycle continues :)Honestly, the greatest, most underrated open world game of the decade.Overall, if you haven't played Sleeping Dogs before, then I highly recommend that you do. It's one of those games you simply must experience."
,Recommended,307690,13282294,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,The Adventurer,"Wow, I can't thank the developers of this game enough for an amazing job they have done to create a game that looks amazing and can be played flawlessly. The game has such fluid motion even in full throttle action racing through the streets and the gameplay from start to finish is very personal and inviting. From a PC Enthusiast I recommend this game over Watch Dogs and all the GTA's. I put this in the same category of joy to play a PC game as playing Tomb Raider, Kingdoms of Amular, Skyrim, Witcher 2, Batman Arkham City, Darksiders and Prince of Persia Forgotten Sands of Time. I'm not saying it is better or worse than these games but I thoroughly enjoyed these games and it's so hard to find a new game with these next generation high definition graphics that can play well, well this one plays amazingly. Thank you for updating this game and  getting it to play so well. I must admit to all gamers out there this game uses 95% on GPU1 and 97% on GPU2 of my GTX 690 and averages 55-60FPS at 1080P, reduces to 45FPS sometimes but I don't notice unless I watch the FPS counter. so it isn't going to play 60FPS for your everyday card but I do have the game on the most extreme settings.I7 2600 @ 4.2Ghz Alphacool Watercooling System16GB G Skill Ram - 6GB used for XFAST RAMGTX 690 Alphacooled Watercooling SystemASROCK Z77 Extreme 4 MotherboardWindows 7I hope this review was helpful to you and you enjoy the game as much as I am, worth every cent."
76561197992206547,Recommended,307690,24237474,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,B00tsy,"Is this a copycat GTA game? Sure! A lot of stuff in this game is almost a direct copy of GTA game mechanics. Does that make the game worse than GTA? No not at all!Even though they have blatantly copied a lot of (the good) stuff from GTA they have added enough destinctive differences to make it a different game with it's own attitude and atmosphere. You do notice that this game has been made with a smaller budget than GTA series. Controls are a bit rough at times specially with vehicles, fighting the camera at some places, lesser quality physics and a bit less detailed map. However, the gameplay is more fun than in GTA (imo). Unlike in GTA your character in Sleeping Dogs can fight and learn fighting techniques. Specially later on in the game after your character is a skilled fighter you can have some great looking (kung fu) combat moves against opponents and have challenging battles on your hand.As for the story and all the story missions you can expect the same'ísh as in GTA, same thing more or less, but then in Asian style. It does have more interesting game mechanics that GTA does not have, such remote manual unlocking/hacking with your phone.And as for the map, it is a bit more oldschool made than GTA 4 and 5, specially the terrain,vegetation and rocks. When you look at the buildings and the terrain you can see they didn't had the budget to compete with GTA quality, however it still looks great and immersive on maxed settings!For some reason this game never became quite AAA popular, even at release (if I remember right) it wasn't that hyped at all. Strange, because this game is so worth a playthrough (and a 2nd)!85/100"
,Recommended,307690,12889134,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TheEight-BitLink,"A beautiful remake of Sleeping Dogs, Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition brings many improvements, such as an increased population to the city (Hong Kong isn't a ghost town, after all), far better reflections, an everpresent and atmospheric fog, and much better textures. This of course causes much greater load on your machine, so be sure you've got enough juice. On my 7970s, it can get quite framey when deep in the city with large crowds. Otherwise, it runs at a buttery-smooth 60FPS.While some may dismiss this as a quick cash-grab, if you haven't had a chance to play Sleeping Dogs, now's your chance, and if you have, you'll enjoy the graphical improvements."
,Recommended,307690,31250617,Posted: 19 April,all,⋆TheWeeknd⋆,GTA + Kung Fu and many more ♥♥♥♥ing combat variety = Sleeping Dogs.definitely one of the best underrated games out there. the combat system is just amaziiing and the best part isi bought it on sale.
,Recommended,307690,13241366,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,mao,"A fantastic open-world game. Emulates Hong Kong action movies in its atmosphere, and has an enjoyable and mechanically interesting melee combat system.One of the best singleplayer games I've ever played, up with Deus Ex and Deus Ex:HR."
,Recommended,307690,26569296,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,chimes003,"I just finished beating the main story and the expansion""Year of the Snake.""  This is a great game with an exciting combat system.  This game plays like a modern day kung fu movie.  Where it is honestly hard to tell which side of the law your character will prefer.  Will he choose to rat out his childhood friends and assist the police, or fight for the Sun on Yee Triad?  The plot twists and turns until the very end.  During game play you will learn several different martial arts attacks and pick up some ancient chinese wisdom along the way.  Courtesy of your neighborhood kung fu master.  I really enjoy the added features of the definitive edition.  Especially the added character skins or outfits.  Like the all to important SWAT uniform, which is great for brawls.  Leveling up is fast and it is possible to level up in several different manners.  With the most important being your Triad and Police scores given after the completion of each mission.The only downside is there are a few glitches leftover from the earlier version on console.  Your phone might glitch so you can't put it away or your cars might disappear from the garage during the Amanda side missions.  There is no way to get them back.All in all a great game.  I would recommend this game to anyone who has ever watched a martial arts movie."
76561197996443972,Not Recommended,307690,14532680,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,luistador,"If you have the original + DLC don't buy this cash grab, constantly crashes and really not alot of changes except for more fog and specularity. Even if you don't own the latter DO NOT buy this one considering the major complaints of crashing, and pretty much no help of solving."
,Recommended,307690,34195579,Posted: 12 August,all,WindwalkerTheUnseen,"One of the very awesome hidden gems in Steam.Not GTA, Not Saints row but the fact that Sleeping dog is similar and may be inspired from these games is true.Very good story that will pull you in like a good book, And the game was made as a an action movie with seriously cinematic scenes. Personally a must have in your library."
,Recommended,307690,35184702,Posted: 24 September,all,LazersaurusRex,"just 5 hours into this game and i am really enjoying it.PROS: +The game's soundtrack is very pleasant and soothing.+The story really seeks your attention properly.+$3 is just a really big steal for the whole game on sale.+The graphics are still really good for game that is 5 years old.+Definitive edition also includes the DLC'sCons: -Driving is quite difficult in this gameConclusion: the game is definitely worth the price you have to pay, it is a must play game if you're into open world genre"
76561197982133601,Recommended,307690,32337171,Posted: 11 June,all,[FTA]MasterP,"Excellent game! Elements of GTA, John Woo-style action, Infernal Affairs/Departed all in one awesome, underrated game. Definitely pick up the definitive edition as it includes all of the DLCs and brings an excellent touch up on the game's graphics. You'll definitely see the beauty of the game, especially when it starts raining and you see the reflection of water while driving.Combat is fun and rewarding, with striking, grappling, and countering. Plus you'll learn some Cantonese along the way as well."
76561198027857956,Recommended,307690,13024683,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,he who grills bears,"A great open world game with a lot to do, excellent cast and plot, fun fluid martial arts combat and some good action-movie styled gunplay/shootouts. The sidemissions in the game are generally fun, although the drug busts can get repetitive. Decent character customization, but some bad animation besides in the cutscenes (which were done with motion capture I imagine) and the martial arts combat, which felt very fluid.Gunplay was alright, it wasn't the highlight of the game but it was still very fun, and the slow-motion while vaulting and shooting was very satisfying. The graphics are good, the model detail was good for the most part, although the detail on the civilians was pretty bad for the most part, as to be expected with an open world game.Overall, this game is a fun open-world interpretation of Hong-Kong. In my opinion it's worth more than the 30$ it's selling at right now.If I was to rate it, I'd give it an 8/10. Favorite Square-Enix game in my opinion."
,Recommended,307690,21838218,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Abz ⸢Editor⸥,"I give Sleeping Dogs: 8/10SPOILER FREE!Sleeping Dogs is a really immersive game, not in terms of graphics but in terms of gameplay. We follow our main protagonist who is a cop, back in his hometown of Hong Kong where he grew up. Only this time, he's going undercover to stop big crime organisations such as the Sun On Yee (Sun Yee On in real life, yes they were real gangs). The game itself had some of the most fun gameplay features I've ever seen. The gameplay felt like I was really a part of Hong Kong.ProsThe best feature about this game is the combat. The combat gameplay in this game is really mind-blowing because of how balanced it is. At times, it doesn't feel too easy but it isn't too hard either. I really liked how you can unlock new moves, and how the game focused more on brawling than gun gameplay.The graphics in this game are really good, especially on the interior houses that you own. The character models could be improved a bit, so can the whole depth of field and atmosphere, but the world detail was really outstanding and I really liked it.The character development in this game was really done well. You built relationships with the people around you, both cop and gang sides.The sound is the game is really good too. It builds you into the environment like as if you are really there.Performance wasn't an issue, the game ran really smooth on high.Consthe worst thing about sleeping dogs in my opinion was the driving. The driving felt really stiff and at times, racing was a lot harder because of this. Yes there was handbrakes and braking, but the driving just didn't really make me like how it was controlled.Lack of vehicle catergories. There was hardly any wide ranges of cars/bikes, and besides that, there is only on land and on sea vehicles. That showed the game with less variety.The map is really short and inconvinient. Sometimes, the map felt really short and didn't make Hong Kong seem big at all. It would have been better if the map was a lot bigger.I hope you have enjoyed my review of Sleeping Dogs. I recommend this game to anyone who wants to play a Fast and Furious like game, (or even a Kung Fu movie).StoryGraphicsPerformanceSoundtrackEnjoymentOverall878787.6"
,Recommended,307690,23467998,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[DWard] [CGO] Razorcif,Kung-Fu GTA.Its very enjoyable.You can also use guns lol.You have many costumes that give you special bonuses. Get this Game!
,Recommended,307690,30690500,Posted: 23 March,all,Pimm,A man who never plays Sleeping Dogs is never a whole man.you won't get that unless you play the game.so play it.it's really good.
,Recommended,307690,25043155,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,big rig,"If you enjoy games like GTA, you'll enjoy Sleeping Dogs. Great story and while some mechanics may feel different, they are very easy to get used to.Gameplay: 8.5/10Story: 8/10Controls/Mechanics 7.5/10Graphics (maxed): 8.5/10Mission Difficulty: 3/10-9/10"
,Recommended,307690,26560719,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Menno♦Knight™,"Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition is quite the thrill ride! It takes place in Hong Kong, and you take on the role of an undercover cop, Wei Shen. It is tasked to you to infiltrate the Triad gang known as the Sun On Yee (新安義), and become one of their own. Wei Shen starts his way into the gang by means of his childhood friend Jackie Ma, slowly gaining trust and respect along the way.The game is played in third-person, from behind the main character, though you have free camera movement to look from the front, sides, up, down, etc. There are various play styles along the way, from casual walking and running, to driving cars or motorcycles, to combat moments, parkour chases, driving gunfights, and so on...The visuals of the game are gorgeous, the city is bright and beautiful, especially when the lights all come on at night. When it rains, which usually is a pretty torrential downpour, is always visually beautiful, everything is wet and shiny. The surface of a simple puddle on the ground reflecting the world around it, it's absolutely stunning. When driving fast in a car or on a bike, the way the world streaks and blurs away in motion is great.There are clothes shops throughout the city that you can purchase different elements of clothing from shirts, vests, jackets, coats, pants, shorts, shoes, glasses, hats, chains, watches, bracelets, etc. There are also vehicle stores for purchasing cars and motorcycles throughout the city as well. Some clothing and vehicles are unlocked automatically through game progression, but most you will purchase as you make money on jobs and favours (and running over parking meters on the sides of the street with your car, haha).Many missions are presented to you throughout the game, some are through regular game progression, some you have to find, including small favours from shop owners, random people you meet on the street, fellow gang members, etc. These are optional, but I find that they are often very much worth doing, as you gain money and respect / influence.Gameplay is fluid, very smooth and natural, running, walking, driving... the parkour requires you to be smooth, you need to time your jumping over objects just right, or else you end up clumsily hopping over something and slowing down, trying to catch your bearings. The combat is sometimes difficult, and not so smooth. You will often have someone attacking you while you are dealing with one guy, and you need to counter their attack. Counters, grapples, and environmental kills are often fun, but have to be done just right (but those can often be quite brutal, yet satisfying).With the Definitive Edition of the game, you get all the DLC packs that were originally purchased separately from the main game, the key ones being Nightmare at North Point and Year of the Snake stories, which I would recommend doing after you have completed the main story. Year of the Snake pretty much takes you to right after the main game is finished, you're a beat cop investigating a cultist group planting bombs all over the city during the Chinese New Year. Nightmare at North Point takes you into only one area of the city, North Point (obviously) is only one of four areas you will see on your map. It is in this area that supernatural occurrences start taking place, as the undead start to rise by way of their leader Smiley Cat. But you gain some new supernatural abilities as well to deal with them.Overall, I had an awesome time playing this game. Put in about 70 hours at the time of this review. Main story and the DLCs, completed all missions and favours, and have 100% achievements. It was, as I said, quite a thrill ride, and I loved it. Highly recommended 9.5/10"
76561198096556146,Recommended,307690,29997105,Posted: 17 February,all,Jumpman98,"I freaking love this game. The story is great, the voice acting is great, the gameplay is great, the game is just all around great. It might be a stretch, but I'd say this game is probably worth every penny even when it's NOT on sale.PS: It isn't too hard to obtain all the achievements in this game, so I'd say that's another plus. ;D"
76561198081806930,Recommended,307690,28837405,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,xaxa_i_trik_yuo,Hey!You look like you could use a copy of Sleeping Dogs!Why don't you have Sleeping Dogs in library?A man who never play Sleeping Dogs is never a whole man!
,Recommended,307690,26016897,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Toad?!,"F.ck man, this should have a sequel!"
76561198186436197,Not Recommended,307690,25239580,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Harley Quinn,"Note: This review is about the changes in ""Definitive Edition"", not about the game itself.So what is the difference between the original version and definitive edition? Not much, it's just patched original Sleeping Dogs with full DLC and some improvements to the graphic that are either insignificant or unimportant.I can play the original version at max setting with solid fps, but I have to play this one on medium because the fps are too unstable (FYI, my spec is more or less the same as recommended), I also have a problem with ingame screen resolution, it causes me to have some kind of slightly visible letterbox appears at times, which is annoying because original version didn't have it.But as I said, the changes to graphic are insignificant. World density is the only improvement that worth mentioning, which makes the world more living by adding more cars, people on streets, NPC variations (less clones),... but this change can be achieved by a free patch, not a patch being sold. Also, still no Steam Cloud, wtf dev? Seriously?In short, Sleeping Dogs is an amazing game, but this Definitive Edition is a quick cash grab, patched games being sold at high price. Don't buy it if you already owned the original version, it's not worth it.For people with spec below recommended: Don't buy it because the spec given by the dev is inaccurate, you can play it on low smoothly, but it will look worse and less stable than the original version on medium. It seems the game doesn't use up all the CPU power, but depends mostly on GPU power, which means you need a strong GPU to play this game on high smoothly."
,Recommended,307690,21149570,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Phantom Onion,Such an underrated piece of art.Highly recommended!
76561198122995326,Recommended,307690,28267073,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,dklee1102,"Am I Asian? Check.Am I Chinese? No.Is this game fun? Hell yes.Any flaws? United Front Games take my money just make Sleeping Dogs 2 take place in Korea XD not north, but South. Obviously."
,Not Recommended,307690,26103089,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Howlux,"This game is just riddled with bugs and lags.People can sit in the car without opening the doorSecond thing is the melee fighting mechanics, which are the whole core of the game as the weapons are truly scarce. The only real strategy that works in a fight is to:1. grap smaller opponents, beat them up, run away,2. kick bigger opponents once, run away3 wait for the guy with a knife to strike, counter and hope none of the others are too close, run away. I think the countering system is essentially broken, where even if your reaction time is on spot, the character just does nothing to avoid damage. Best just to run in circles and grab, grab, grab.Driving is frustrating as hell.3/10 for good story and Hong Kong"
76561198082509206,Recommended,307690,12705585,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,ed10k399,"This open world, third person action feels a lot like Saints Row with a more serious note. There's blood and scenarios are merciless.The game is mainly fought with fists, but guns are available on select missions. Some situations are crazy, specially the bike races - NPCs will ram the flag girl at the start. The rest of the way, they will go crazy on you.Car physics are not easy to control. Ramming (button) can also be used while going sideways, which could be exploited when racing or driving fast in general. If you think races are difficult, just race later after you have the prototype car - then races can get funny.Movement is also awkward (I am using a mouse and keyboard setup). Camera angles in any mode (car / bike / foot) is hard to control, and you can't look too far up (which I find weird and sometimes irritating). On foot, turning is not as precise or quick as in other games (or even compared to real life). This can be frustrating in fighting... until you realize that you can use a car or bike to win them. The game is probably programmed more towards using a gamepad.Soundtrack is good. I only started to get tired of them after more than 30 hours of playing.Graphics are good, but sometimes can't keep up when driving fast. It only required 50% at 750MHz from my GTX 770, so I think many gamers can play this game.Sound effects are amazing. It has perfect use of audio positioning and environmental sounds are there. Though, at times, motor boat and water splashing sounds were skipping (not produced) for a few seconds in intervals.The story is alright, and the story telling is fine. Events can sometimes get weird. You can't grab who you're chasing (even when you're already touching them) until you've reached the end where you'll fight a group or they simply give up; but at the same time, as part of the game rule, you can't be too far away from them (again, in a chase scenario).This game scored a 5/10 for me, but I'm labeling it as a Recommend for the story telling and overall good fun. The controls is the biggest let-down as I was forced to play with a hard to control character until I finish it. The game has a serious note, but remember that this is a game and better just take full advantage of what you can do to avoid character control, camera and other possible frustrations it could give you."
,Recommended,307690,13094357,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Campo,"I love this game!Major overhaul on the graphics: really makes Hong Kong feel alive, also it awesome that they included all the DLCs with the game. Solid gameplay, does get repetitive after a while if you don't progress through the story. Speaking of Sleeping Dogs story line, its a nice change when compared to all the new indie survival/voxel/horror/crafting/multiplayer-only/rpg/storyline-less games. I picked it up when it came out for 15$ and recommend, if you're interested, you buy it now during the autumn sale or the winter sale(might be cheaper).For those like myself that already own the original version I still recommend getting it. I didn't realize I'd have so much fun in a second play through.TL;DR Buy it"
,Recommended,307690,33200035,Posted: 3 July,all,CptQuinn,Open World 1970s Bruce Lee Kung Fu Movie. That's all you really need to know. Buy it
,Recommended,307690,12649102,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,MiDWaN,"If you like Kung-Fu, open world games, a great an absorbing storyline and want to feel a bit like being in Hong Kong, don't miss this game."
,Recommended,307690,25238080,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Rob,"Controls are weird and sticky at first, but once you get used to it its cool. The world is nice and probably one of my favorites of open world GTA's. Good Asia."
,Not Recommended,307690,14925936,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Sponge Platinum,"As with other re-releases (such as Deus Ex: Human Revolution Director's Cut), the remake is more buggy and less graphically optimized than the original."
,Recommended,307690,20674473,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mega,"''A man who never eat pork bun isNEVERa whole man.''Pretty good game. Better than GTA V at least. Good story, solid gameplay.Not playing this game is considered atrue crimeinHong Kong.wei shen motherf uckerSUN ON YEE.DOGEYES!WINSTON?YOU NEVER READ MY REPORTS RAYMOND"
,Recommended,307690,17765901,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,gay retard,"SLEEPING DOGS: DEFINITIVE EDITION REVIEWHave you ever wanted to play Grand Theft Auto, but set in Hong Kong with tons of Chinese themes throughout the game. Well is Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition the game for you. The game has you playing Wei Shen an undercover cop who has to start getting in good with the Sun on Yee (Hong Kong Triad) and moving up in ranks and gaining their trust, but when Wei is getting taken off the case he insists on finishing the job he started, and that's what he intends to do.The game plays very well. The combat can be very smooth, maybe not to the extent of a Batman Arkham Game, but it's alright. Gun play in Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition is a bit iffy and is only really acceptable when using a mouse, but I recommend the use of a controller for everything else. The cars control beautifully. Wei also feels very fluent on the ground when running and parkouring throughout Hong Kong.The game visually is pretty damn good and is a sight to behold. The original verson of Sleeping Dogs is no longer available on steam, but the definitive edition is basically the full package anyways. If you have a good enough pc to run it, it won't matter if the old version isn't available.GOOD GAME, COULD USE SOME ACTUAL SLEEPING DOGS NEXT TIME. 9.5/10"
76561198092971388,Recommended,307690,31475821,Posted: 30 April,all,Aegryn,"Owned this game on both PS4 and PC (so I've got even more hours than listed), so you'd be right in assuming I reccomend this. The story isn't too great, cliche and servicable at best, but the enviroment is amazing, and definitely feels different and unique. It was nice to see a change of pace from pretty much every other openworld game being L.A. or NYC. The combat system is what's king. Probably the best hand to hand system out there (for an open world game). The driving is a little awkward at first, but you'll get it. The side activities even though they weren't super story rich, felt nessecary enough and like they had purpose. So I never got the Ubisoft ""go here, pick up rock for arbitrary reason, repeat 100 times"" feeling that ruins side activities. Overal the tone and the enviroment are really what set the game, they make Hong Kong a city that you want to hangout and explore in (aside from the constant muder, gang violence, etc..). I was a huge fan of True Crime: Streets of L.A. when it came out (this is the spiritual successor). Although I still prefer that game, this was the closest thing we've had to that game in years."
76561198018766731,Recommended,307690,33818192,Posted: 26 July,all,l33tsauce,"Sleeping Dogs is a third-person RPG with a linear drama plot and a dash of comedy. It revolves around martial arts and gang activity in 2012 Hong Kong. It is essentially a gory Bruce Lee / Jet Li film.First, the narrative. In Sleeping Dogs, you play as Wei Shen, an undercover cop. Wei has strong ties to the gangs of Hong Kong but is tasked with dismantling them from the inside. I think Wei could have been better written. His personality is confusing, as he flits from kind-hearted and honorable to an enormous prick. Occasionally, Wei will make decisions that do not make sense given the situation. The game itself has a long, linear story with several arcs. While occasionally overdramatic, it is surprisingly compelling. Many of the characters are beautifully written, making them easy to love or hate. While Wei doesn’t develop much, those close to him do. By the end of the plot, I was fully captivated. I recommend playing it primarily to experience the story. The side quests are unfortunately all simple favors or have basic, uninteresting designs, save a few exceptions.Second, combat. Fighting is primarily hand-to-hand martial arts. Wei fights with a blend of Kung fu, MMA, and street tactics. Typically, you are hopping around within a group of enemies using fast and strong strikes, blocking, parrying, riposting, and grappling. This type of combat can easily become boring, but the developers put a lot of care into avoiding that. You can utilize a wide array of combos, more of which can be unlocked through various methods. In addition, Wei is able to incorporate much of the environment in fights. As usual with brawlers, some enemy types need to be dealt with in particular ways, forcing you to adjust your strategy. Wei and his enemies can also utilize different melee weapons. These do more damage than being unarmed but eliminate the ability to combo or parry, as well as become unusable after a number of strikes. Guns are also a part of the game, but they are rare outside of story missions. There is a decent range available, from pistols to automatic shotguns. The gunplay is rather clunky, but it is a small enough part of the game that I can forgive it. Weapons are very transient in Sleeping Dogs, requiring you to obtain them from enemies and disappearing during most cutscenes. Lastly, car-to-car combat is a ton of fun. Aiming out your window at an enemy engages bullet time, allowing you to shoot tires and drivers, causing their vehicles to flip and explode. There are no stealth mechanics in sleeping dogs.Third, map design. The game takes place in Hong Kong, with four districts connected by highways. Each district represents a different leg of the story, and the difficulty and wealth of each scales accordingly. Exploring the districts is a lot of fun, and they vary enough to keep things interesting. Different shops and activities are distributed throughout, increasing in class with the wealth of the area. You can explore the entire map from the get-go, but most of your activities will be in one particular area at any given time.Fourth, graphics. The game is very impressive, despite its age. The game is also fairly well optimized, with a decent variety of options.Fifth, driving. I have mixed feelings about driving mechanics in Sleeping Dogs. Some cars inexplicably turn in increments of about fifteen degrees if you are accelerating, making them frustrating to drive. Others handle smoothly. Turning in general is somewhat clunky. That said, I was fairly used to the driving after a few hours of adjustment, after which it was decent fun. Motorcycles, by contrast, are thrilling to drive and handle really well, though they verge on over-responsive. Hijacking and fighting at high speeds works really well, and its thrilling. There is a great variety of vehicles available for purchase, increasing in performance and style as you move to wealthier areas. Street racing is a large part of Sleeping Dogs. Vehicles are ranked in classes, stratifying them according to performance. Each race has a designated class and type (either motorcycle or car), and the player must choose a suitable vehicle from their garage. I found car races to be typically fun and satisfying, while motorcycle races could be frustrating. Small parts of the terrain, unpredictable civilians, and flying clutter would constantly strike my motorcycle and take me from first to last place.Sixth, DLC. The game can no longer be purchased without the DLC, so I will review them as part of it. There numerous small quest additions and outfits, in addition to two expansions. The first expansion, Nightmare in North Point, is more comedic than the base game and involves a gang member coming back from Hell with an army of undead for revenge. The second, Year of the Snake, is more serious, involving a terrorist group striking at the Chinese New Year. In this expansion, Wei is overtly a cop. Neither adds any new locations to the world, and both can be beaten in about three hours. I did not enjoy Nightmare at North Point, as the bulk of it was fighting a new type of enemy that could only be defeated in one particular way, making combat far less interesting. Year of the Snake was a bit more fun, involving your standard enemies. I think both were far too short, involved too little new content, and had very mediocre stories with no engaging characters. They were far lower quality than the base game. The rest of them are neat additions, though I wouldn’t have paid for them prior to bundling them in.Because of the well-fleshed-out melee combat and engaging story, I am recommending this game. Few modern crime RPGs can boast the writing of Sleeping Dogs, and the enjoyable combat is icing on the cake. I had a great deal of fun riding around Hong Kong as a cop and a triad, and I got pretty roped into the story. I wish there was more to do after the story than just tiny side quests and activities, but I suppose I got a fair amount of gametime out of it already. Don’t play the two expansions unless you are starving for more Sleeping Dogs content, as they will leave a sour taste in your mouth after the very solid ending to the base game. Taking the story at my own pace, with roaming and side activities between missions, it took me about fourty hours to finish the game and under ten more to tack on the two expansions."
,Recommended,307690,30088093,Posted: 21 February,all,Oxigin,"Not many hours put into the PC version, but I put enough into the Xbox 360 version to know that this is a solid open world adventure. Coupled with a unique setting, a decent melee combat system and a pretty good story, it stands out from the other so-called GTA clones and deserves more recognition to be honest. Driving controls are quite bad, though.7/10 would pork bun again"
76561198040538972,Recommended,307690,34243743,Posted: 14 August,all,karhu,"30 hours to 100% the game with all achievements + 20 hours driving around the city hunting down happy couples. Beating the guy and kidnapping the woman. Dragging her in the car trunk, then driving to the most luxurious apartment owned by me just to show her the 12 grand sofa set I got from black market. B!tches love it."
76561198350265819,Recommended,307690,34042097,Posted: 5 August,all,NotSure,"Things I liked:- the open world- the story- the amazing combat system-the surprisingly fun gun play- mostly fun police cases- the graphics that still hold up well to this day- the unique settingThings I disliked- the side quests and events felt very repetitive- the hacking- the relatively shorter length for 30 dollarsOverall I feel that the pros in sleeping dogs far outweigh the cons here, making the game in my eyes at least worth picking up. 8.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,307690,32964204,Posted: 28 June,all,simen stroblo,china
,Recommended,307690,26241801,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,MarvelousAQL,In the honor of UFG Closure. I completed this game and unlocked all achievements. everything is 100%. Thank you for making this game.Get some pork buns while on sale.
,Recommended,307690,12973378,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,NAS-KAR,"What's this? You a delivery boy now? A real man wouldn't deliver some punk's envelope. A real man doesn't run errands. You eat pork bun. Lots of pork bun. Then, maybe you don't have to do stupid favors no more."
76561198075572836,Recommended,307690,31298380,Posted: 22 April,all,wheeljak,"Gameplay: BOverall, the game is fun, but it is a bit repetitive. I liked the fact that there was variety: some fights were hand-to-hand, and some involved gunplay, and it was lighter on the gunplay. The brutality of some of the finishing moves was fun and their frequency was wisely limited so it didn't get dull. Fighting with weapons was garbage; what do you mean you can't block a weapon with another weapon??Graphics: CThe city looked pretty nice, but there was zero optimization going on. I played most of the game at 30 fps; I understand that this ""definitive edition"" is to blame for the just-okay frame rate. With the number of mobs that could be onscreen at once, the city didn't feel isolated, but it certainly didn't feel densely populated.Control: CI never felt like I was completely in control of Wei. I hated the fact that the run button was the same as the jump button. I prefer the way special moves are done in the Batman games, by pressing multiple buttons simultaneously. I'm not a fan of this X-X-X-Y nonsense. I'm a fan of Street Fighter, but not Mortal Kombat.Vehicle controls were straight crap. With all of the games that incorporate driving, you would think the developers would have learned something. Whether with cars, motorcycles, or boats, you're guaranteed to tool around HK with a scowl on your face.Story: BThe story felt like a movie. It is your run-of-the-mill cop kung fu story, but I give it a B because I dig those kinds of movies.Value: BLike most games of this type, you get a whole lot of game for your money. Hong Kong is a pretty big map, and there are plenty of quests and collectibles. I did almost everything in the game, and I had fun exploring. I don't give it an A for value because after I finished it, I didn't care to play it again.(Note to self: uninstall Sleeping Dogs.)This game is not perfect, but it was still good enough to keep me interested for 70+ hours.I recommend this game if you can get it on sale like I did."
,Recommended,307690,15776833,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Myotirious Latine,"[Disclaimer]Sigh* I had already finished this game twice but steam didnt record that time nor achievement because I didn't have internet at that time 24/7 so none of my time or achievement register. The ones you see are just me checking to make sure the game is still alright before doing my review.Game InfoName: Sleeping DogsDeveloper: United Front GamesGenre: Beat Em Up, Kung Fu, Action, Stealth, RacingPersonal Verdict: Ever wanted to put a leg up someones face? Do so in HD.What is Sleeping Dogs:Definitive EditionOriginally Sleeping Dogs without the Definitive Edition tack to it this version sees square enix adding and adjusting the entire DLC released in Sleeping Dog previous version into something well errr, better. Anyways to the game itself.Sleeping Dog is a visceral game of Kung-Fu, betrayal, triads and friendship as we follow one Wei Shen as he does his job in the brilliantly rendered world of Hong Kong, Wei must choose between his allegiance to the triads or to his police officers as he delivers justice. One Kung-Fu at a time.StoryPlaying the story of Sleeping Dogs [SD] reminds me of the old action Kung-Fu movie where the story moves at breakneck speed and emotional rollercoaster happens all the time. Which is to say the story kick♥♥♥♥♥ It delivers them in spades and is not afraid to hold back from doing all sorts of nasties that the player will no doubt witness and feel.GraphicUsually I do not like to talk much about graphics because what the heck am I suppose to write?! Exception of course are made. Sleeping Dogs treats the world of Hong Kong is pretty bland with repetitive civilian, normal texture etc etc but it really comes alive during the night and rain! Especially night and rain together in tandem!Skins exude a sheen, cars has powerful reflection upon them and everything is generally 10x better than it is during daytime. Not to say the standard graphics are bad but upping it up and witnessing the full glory of the engine in rain and night is a breathtaking experience.SoundUnited Front Games pulled no punches in making sure we get the most authenthic experience for our stay in Hong Kong. Random quips in Cantonese can be heard as you walk the streets, Character that do not speak english instead does full Cantonese dialogue. The crisp clear audio makes subtitle a secondary thing as oppose to be a mandatory on for most games and every effect down to the last mission complete evoke a strangely nostalgic chinese feel.GameplayAh Sleeping Dogs, I turn you on, kick a few citizen stuff them into the boot of their car then kill them right in front of the hospital with my KUNG-FU. What better way to start a monday.In an otherwise typical fare of open world game Sleeping Dog does the competition shame by focusing on one aspect many game have neglected: The melee system. While initially the melee system seems easy with 1 hko object scattered all over the enviroment and enemies come in weak and puny form they soon ramp it up especially towards midgame where you will be punching, kicking and hurling foes off rail while covered in blood. Essentially press counter when enemy glow red, punch them up till they die and then when the meter is full use face mode to recover health and make your enemy fear you.Along the way explore the world! Beat up people in side activities to uncover drug raids, beat people up again to obtain chests of money and clothing. Turn Wei into the most fashion savvy freak with the game large customization option. Engage in daring fights as you beat up people to get money and more face value!Or perhaps you're a picky one eh? Want a bit of dialogue and action in your beat em up? Look no further. Turn into a cop hunt down people as you become the scourge of the underworld, help your eccentric group of buddies as they get into random hijinks that often ends with beating people up. Or you know, just help around the citizen of Hong Kong, they could use a help from a friendly people-beating gangster.But alas the gunplay fall shorts, since most resources went into fighting people up the gun lacks recoil, feels plasticky and holds no weight. Cleverly the game wave them away from most mission by stating ""HONG KONG DON'T ALLOW GUNS!"" it works for me it should works for you.The car good to say however is awesome and a joy to ride, and since you can simply steal a car it doesnt matter if you're walking on foot, simply steal a car and be on your way. Or you can use the car valet. Eh. Fun feature includes the ability to steal cars within a car without going out. Amazing when you think about it since you don't have to dismount but can happily continue your ride in a shiny new car as the wreck of your old ones burns behind you.Completing mission earns you triad points by being brutal and police point for being civilised lawful cop. Leveling up gives you a choice of perk within the skill tree.An oddly choice of collectible, side missions and all that jazz ensures you won't be bored of the game anytime soon.ConclusionHow I wish i could experience it all over again, the powerful gunfight, desperate Kung-Fu action and emotional story. Why does more game can be this way? Alas a few minor issues does bog it down though. But does this makes it a bad game? It is an excellent game released suddenly to our world. Buy it already I am tired of typing this all out. Basically this game is awesome.Scoring Methology [Courtesy of Meat King]:-	S-Rank: excellent-	A-Rank: very good-	B-Rank: solid-	C-Rank: satisfactory-	D-Rank: inferiorVerdict: A++ RankCheck out the Original Network Groups. Win free games, make new friends on Steam, & more!Original Curators Group,Original Traders Group, &Original Giveaways Group"
,Recommended,307690,13849888,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Masem,"For those waiting for GTA V or a similar open world type game, Sleeping Dogs fills the gap suitably. The structure of the game is no surprise for any GTA player, or if you have played the previous True Crime games, with the only major difference here is that the game's combat is based on a Batman-style melee approach, which is suitably fun once you get the hang of it and identify the various moves. It does get a bit repetative towards the end of the main mission set, but that's common with most open world games; there's also a good deal of completionist gathering one can go after. However, elements like the story itself are somewhat lackluster - you can get an idea where the story is heading early on, and there's not much redeeming or vile about any of the characters.The Definition Edition includes two packs of DLC, both adding another 2-3 hr each of gameplay. The second one, Year of the Snake, feels like a good single movie in terms of plot (attempting to stop a cult bombing the city), while the first one has fun elements of movies like Big Trouble in Little China in it.The only issue that I have against the game is a lack of technical updates from the publisher, which many have commented on the forums. In my case, I had started the game, and during that time had to update a completely separate hardware driver for a camera device, among other things. This caused the game to be inoperable. Only until I was at a point that I had replaced the camera with a different one, did the game then work fine. As one of the few troubleshooting tips they have given has been to disconnect all USB devices which have worked for some but not all, this might create a technical problem for you."
,Recommended,307690,22975808,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,momo,Wei much better than watch dogs
76561198008744543,Recommended,307690,12433897,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Philip Marlowe,"A suspense action-thriller, organized crime story, of a multidimensional Asian American undercover agent, whose loyalty is tested in extreme circumstances brought by a dark past he left behind.Hugely underrated,Sleeping Dogsis the surprise cult hit of 2012, and delivered an honorable tribute to masterpiece films, such asInfernal Affairs, and its Hollywood remake,The Departed.Sandbox gameplay set in a highly detailed cosmopolitan city, fully fleshed out with fresh style of slick eastern-esque aesthetics, well suited for the enigmatic Hong Kong Triad theme. Primary combat is raw hand-to-hand packed with myriad true-to-life martial techniques to employ; a feature that adds to its unique flavor when compared toGTAorWatch Dogs.Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition(2014) is more than worth the asked price point.  Experience this gem today!"
76561198049901495,Recommended,307690,32047946,Posted: 29 May,all,Deadnight-M,"Sleeping Dogs was a sleeper hit. Or it could have been I think, if it got the attention it should have. It's grown to be one of my favorite games, which is a welcome surprise. The PC port is great. I first played it on the ps3 maybe a year or so after its initial release.The atmosphere in Hong Kong, the overall visual themes in the game, perfectly works to deliver their story. It's a mature (brutal) undercover cop story that starts out interesting, and develops intricately and gets heavier as it progresses. Going through the final few missions in the game, even knowing what would happen from my previous playthrough I found myself very absorbed. (‘Suspension of disbelief'?)Gameplay:It’s a Sandbox, GTA style game.In China guns are difficult to come by, so in the game most low level Triad do not have guns. Most of the games combat is done hand to hand, or with weapons and guns coming later on.The martial arts combos are fun to watch and try to chain together, but unfortunately the combat system is very gimmicky and if you wanted to, you could just counter forever to win. I advise just getting creative with your beat downs and resort to counter spam only if you really need it. This is my primary criticism for the game.It’s also a large source of praise and one of the reason I was initially drawn to the game. I’m a martial arts and combat junkie…They had a lot of cool fighting (some better than others)!! It could have been applied to a better combat system/AI.Driving, Shooting, Fighting, Racing, some Stealth objectives, a couple puzzles... the odd mission/quest here or there... you can also bet on♥♥♥♥♥♥fighting... so pick your favorite rooster? *shrug*The DLC that comes with the definitive edition is also interesting. Between their themes and the primary story, the game contains a lot of homage to Hong Kong cinema.Final thoughts:I had a lot of fun playing this game. It was immersive and compelling.Absolutely play through Sleeping Dogs.Sleeping Dogs is a 1 and done customer. I don't think we'll get another one, or anything like it for a long time. If we do, I hope it’s not a sequel, but maybe set somewhere else. Like Bangkok. Muay Thai and undercover cop vs organized crime? Eh? Eh?"
,Recommended,307690,12626561,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Sleepings Dogs: Definitive Edition,Is the first game in its genre that's actually able to keep me interested. Game's like GTA and Saints Row, which do a good job on their own, don't come even close to what Sleeping Dogs offers me when it comes down to gameplay, handling, atmosphere, voice overs and hints of reality.The city of (virtual) Honk Kong is beautifully dirty and down to earth. The people all look very realistic and not like some comic book character. The cars look the way they should look: normal.There're many mini games throughout the main game and they all blend in perfectly and make sens in one way or another. It's nothing stupid, but fitting.Another good thing is that random violence is not rewarded, but rather punished. Especially when doing a mission.If you're looking for a game that's very similar to GTA or Saints Row, but want a somewhat more realistic setting, then get Sleeping Dogs. It provides action, drama, fun and visuals for content tourists; all on a very, very high level.The two DLC's that come with the definitive edition provide each 2-3 hours of extra gameplay and I've got to be honest that the ""year of the Snake"" DLC suprised me in a very positive way. That's because you're actually playing as a police officer. (Wearing the uniform and all) As which your main goal is to cover up some cultist scheme and to arrest people. (Opposite of killing)"
,Recommended,307690,35385453,Posted: 1 October,all,FAF Corp.GeneralFAF,"I got this game for about $2 , and my mistake to overlook this game before. And all I can say the game it's worth for the money.Pros:- If you ever play an open world games like GTA series, etc. Definetely recommend this game for you.- Fighting mechanics / Melee Combat in an open world game. It makes this game a little bit more intense than any other open world games.- Still has a nice graphics quality, although this game released on 2014- Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition include all dlc(s) from original Sleeping Dogs in one complete pack/game.Cons:- I can't even have any idea what cons in this game has.So, I don't know this is cons or not, happen to other players or not. But when I play this game more than 3 hours, and when I roam the map (with driving car, etc.). My game began to hang a little bit (1-2 minutes. it looks like it takes time to load the textures), and it will be fine again afterward.Overall, Recommend this game.9/10"
,Recommended,307690,12457227,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Batroel,"Awesome, not a sequel, but awesome and with improved features (I really like to find the cash envelopes around the city)"
,Recommended,307690,16038003,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Lando,pretty much gta in hong kong
,Recommended,307690,23945213,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rishi90,A man who never eats pork buns is never a whole man!
,Recommended,307690,12933490,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,xxxRam,"If you like Kung Fu, get this game :) 10/10"
76561198054743796,Recommended,307690,28088582,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,- Achillion -,"I have to admit that I only bought this game because I was in the mood for a GTA-like free-roam game. The game is awesome. Very enjoyable to play and tons of things to do in Hong Kong, from bursting in street races to betting on animal fights. The only negative thing in this for me are the DLCs which feel rushed and needless. Definitely a nice and stylish game."
,Recommended,307690,26469603,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TiTON,"Really enjoyed this game.  Got it on sale, and having a great time playing it.  Wish the developer was still in business.  Would have loved to see the next game come out."
,Recommended,307690,25630967,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,BearInTimber,I ment to buy Watchdogs but damn if im not happy that I screwed up has to be one of the best games I've played all year
,Recommended,307690,35323251,Posted: 29 September,all,WeedPizza,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥One of the best games  I ever played.Just like GTA but in Hong Kong and with better fighting mechanicsget it while you can, tis only 4.49"
76561198214785001,Recommended,307690,25624432,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,The Outsider,Would say it's better than GTA V if the driving was smoother and if it had a better engine. Should make a sequel to it updating everything.
76561198039220976,Recommended,307690,12449824,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Ironhorse88,"Nice and pretty smooth. After comparing both versions. Definitive Edition has better lighting, response, and control. Some of the glitches are still there with AI and main character.Overall I would still recommend the game to those that never bough the original. DLC's are included, except they are apart of the story line. Unlike the Original Version, Once you bought certain DLC's, the clothing or vehicles would be easily/readily accesible, not in this edition, you have to work (i.e. buy them) for them."
,Recommended,307690,22329796,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Zuìjiǔ Dàshī,Wei Shen reminds me so much of my father.
76561198086386427,Recommended,307690,25920512,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,♕NEVER♕,"This game for who likes Bruce lee, Kung Fu,  almost real Street Fighting,  cars, Action movies, dancing and singing, hitting girls, dating girls and mafia stories.It is an awesome and funy game with very nice story, you feel that you are in a different environment really.This game will take a really long time from your life if you like it"
,Recommended,307690,13256868,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,PFC Wegner [2RB],"this game is amazing, from the story to the graphics, you'll be coming back for more.hong kong looks amazing. stunning. beutiful even.the story is fast action packed and violentit feels like a gritty cop thriller, akin to ""prisoners""the combat is fast and refreshing, you feel like you're there through and throughgunplay is AMAZING as well, it feels, again, fast and refreshingSTORY: you play as weii shen (excuse my spelling), an undercover cop, on the mean streets of hong kong in which you infiltrate a triad the ""tsun un lee"" again excuse my spelling, during this you become connected to this gang, and begin to forget your ultimate goal, to destroy this triad. the story will take arounf 15 HOURS, for an open world game, centered on cars, boats and other speedy transportaion, thats amazingafter that there is about 20+ hours of exploration/free roam10/10GAMEPLAY: sleeping dogs's combat feels amazingly smoothyou transition out of fun martial arts battles to fast paced shootingin this game, you become very powerfulcar controls are great however cam can be akward9/10VISUALS: sleeping dogs has AMAZING visuals, espcially in the rain at nighthowever there is minor (very minor, you have to look for it)and sometimes the lights act... strange to say the least 8.5/10PROS AND CONS:+fun combat/ gameplay+cool cars/driving+great graphics-pop in-the wedding was PREDICTABLE seriously what do you think was gonna happen?over all this game gets a9.6/10high replay,great visuals, and awesome gameplay, strap in its a long ride"
,Recommended,307690,12419742,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Alpha,Great game and love the whole new player model design... the graphics have slighlty improved and are noticeable overall the definitive version is a must upgrade or to have
76561198136352390,Recommended,307690,20161705,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,omega,"This game feels like a Jet Li, Bruce Lee or Jackie Chann movie and it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.You can kill people with a fish. 11/10. Addictive as cocaine."
,Recommended,307690,30932396,Posted: 3 April,all,thöjtt.kriime.org/lol,"Had some pretty serious graphics issues with this game until I got a 144hz monitor. Many false starts due to graphics issues. Finally gave this a good shot, and I am not sorry I did.This game is one of the better GTA style games. Some familiar concepts but it brings a lot of new ideas to the table. Playing as an undercover cop is a new way of looking at these crime sim games, and adds a level of character complexity to the game.If you have this in your library and never really started it, (I can see many of you do on my  friends list) give this another shot."
,Recommended,307690,17461115,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Kauldwin,"I've already reviewed the regular edition, so I've moved that review over with a few additional Definitive Edition-specific comments.The good: This is one of my favorite games, so I could probably fill a page with ""the good."" I find the story line extremely enjoyable. Being an undercover cop gives you a chance to cause mayhem while not feeling like a total dirtbag. The interactions between the player & NPCs are fun, and the voice acting is good. The setting and story really make you pull for a lot of different sides and think about life and family. The atmosphere is excellent. Hong Kong feels very vibrant and alive. The fighting system is one of my favorites. There are few guns available in this game; instead, the game mostly relies on martial arts. There's a gym where you can practice your moves before you take on street thugs and rival triads.The bad: The driving is kind of awful. I've tried it with a controller and liked it slightly better, but it still wasn't great. However, once you get used to it, it's playable, if a little frustrating. I thought the main campaign was rather short. It's an open world game with lots of side quests, but the way each of the main quests comes up sort of gives you an urgency that can push you through the game at a faster pace. I raced through a lot of the main quest and suddenly went, oh, that's the end?Definitive Edition comments: Almost all of the DLCs from the original edition were bundled into the Definitive Edition. They removed the (what I considered to be) game-breaking DLCs that gave you tons of money and XP right at the beginning, so the game progresses in a much more natural fashion now. All the outfits previously added by the DLCs are available for purchase at the Night Market; Wheels of Fury missions are now spread out so that you don't gain a super OP car immediately. The textures, graphics, and higher population density of the Definitive Edition may cause performance issues on some systems. I have an Nvidia graphics card and had to play with my settings to get the game to run on that card rather than my integrated graphics.General info: The open world provides ample opportunity for exploration and side quests. The story is great and the world is very atmospheric (Hong Kong makes a nice change from the generic cities a lot of games are set in). The art style is fairly good (better with the HD textures).Overall: I would definitely recommend this game! If you haven't played it yet, you need to!System Specs Used: Intel Core i7-3610QM, Nvidia GeForce GTX 670M / 3GB GDDR5, DDRIII 12GB RAM, Windows 7"
,Recommended,307690,13744356,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,blindrun,"Sleeping Dogs was originally released on August 13, 2012 for Xbox 360, PS3, and PC. It was recently released on Xbox One and PS4 as well. It was developed by United Front Games and published by Square Enix. It received a 9 out of 10 on Steam, 4 out of 5 on Metacritic and an 8.5 out of 10 on IGN.While most people consider Sleeping Dogs a GTA knock off set in Hong Kong, I would argue that perception is false. While the initial concept is the same, an open world crime game, the basic mechanics of Sleeping Dogs sets it apart. These mechanics include cop/triad alliances, a focus on melee combat, and a Max Payne esque bullet time when sliding over objects during gun play.Because of the great implementation of the aforementioned mechanics, the smaller size of the open world compared to similar releases such as GTA and Watch_Dogs, still provides a fantastic experience.The story in follows an ex San Francisco cop that has been thrown back into the world of the Triads in modern day Hong Kong. While the story may seem cliche at first, if you give it some time you will find a rewarding plot line to follow.The Definitive Edition includes six downloadable content packages for your consumption, and with the current holiday sale on Steam, is well worth the additional cost."
76561198053997978,Recommended,307690,31553167,Posted: 4 May,all,G.I. JOEL,Good game! The story is pretty interesting and HK looks amazing. The gameplay is fun and the voice acting is quite good too. Def worth a play.
,Recommended,307690,28419362,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Drunk3n_Axel,"One of the most highly underrated open-world action single player game to come out.  The story is based on a lot of similarties to most HK typical traid vs traid vs police.  However the story is very well done and well paced.  The melee combat is fun and fluid once you get the hang of it and does not take long.  The gunplay is very familair to max payne, which is a good thing.  The graphics still holds up really well with this definitive edition even though this game is almost 5 years old.  The city looks amazing at night with all the lights and reflections. The city really feels alive with lots of npcs, cars,stores, attractions, etc.  Also if you do play in very high resolution like 2k or 4K like myself, there is a UI scale option which is perfect.The voice acting are excellent.  Some very big name in the asian film industry gave the voices to the game and really shines during cutscenes.  The soundtrack also very good.  With mix of chinese traditional music, to hip-hop, instrumentals, dance, and pop songs.   I often took longer route to my destination just to hear more of the music, which says a lot.  Car controls well and is definately way better than most open world and even more of the recent releases.This game really didn't get a lot of attention when it first released but it should not be missed.  One of the best sleeper hit to come out in the past 5 years."
,Recommended,307690,26096376,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,The Guy You Know Down The Road,The voicelines in this game are even better then the actual game itself
,Recommended,307690,28552394,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Korean Geezus,"Probably one of the greatest, if not THE greatest underrated game ever. I've replayed this 3 times on the PS3, 4 times on the PS4, and now going through my 2nd playthrough on PC. This game has a nice blend of badass kung-fu with equally badass gunfights. The story is great. You infiltrate, as an undercover officer of the law, into a ruthless Chinese Triad syndicate in Hong Kong, surrounded by people you knew in your childhood, and you must take down the entire Triad syndicate using legal and morally right methods, however, you also have a grudge against some of these guys, for what they did to your sister. The story, fighting, and side activites (which could've been better but are still fun to do) made me drawn to this game. It's great, and at $7.50, it's a steal."
76561198077454242,Recommended,307690,30081742,Posted: 21 February,all,Saturn,This game is super fun :D really love the fighting of game and tons of thing u can do like racing or sing karaoke lol. i had guns but i never use it because i am master kungfu lol in my opinion sleeping dog better than GTA....looking foward to see Sleeping dog 2 :D
76561198189692219,Recommended,307690,25593954,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,tugberk52,asian gta.
76561197970716397,Recommended,307690,13602641,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Cent3rMan Sky3,"Amazing hand to hand fighting, Super controls, Great driving and one of the Best stories I've had the privilege to play. The Definitive Edition is a Great game. If you like the GTA gameplay style then this may be right up you ally. I'm close to 50 hours with Sleeping Dogs. I still have much more fun stuff to do in it. One of my favorite open world games."
,Recommended,307690,14473649,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Untold,"I have played the original Sleeping Dogs quite a bit since 2013 and it has grown to be one of my favorite games of all time. So much so that I figured it would be a crime if I did not buy the new Definitive Edition. After play for an hour, I have to say that I am impressed by the Definitive Edition. Right off the bat, the menu is ultra-sharp, even in 1920x1080p. Even the menu sounds and menu music quality have been improved! The introduction is better than ever; I had an absolute BLAST with the new destruction mechanics in the beginning chase and fights. I threw an enemy at a cabinet and the drawers of the cabinet actually came out and papers flew out. Then, I slammed a metal gate in the market on top of an enemy and it actually bent in the middle. This kind of stuff never happened before... I love it! The electronic street signs have been improved (all the textures too) to make Hong Kong look better than ever. The rain effects look phenomenal, and I have realized that the map, loading dragon, in-game floating HUD icons, etc. are almost 4k sharp. Many other elements of the game have been improved as wellIf you already have Sleeping Dogs and love it to death (and have extra money), get it. If you have not played it at all, get it. If you already have the Definitive Edition, play it! :)"
76561198128199152,Recommended,307690,13226383,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,newdawnfades,"This game is awesome! The combat system and story is great, soundtrack is amazing, voice acting/graphics is top notch and the Hong Kong scenery is beautiful. DLC is super fun too."
,Recommended,307690,25623534,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Shawn Marrster,Bang Emma Stone 10/10Would bang again.
,Recommended,307690,19876809,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,역도요정 김복주,"Best Action / Martial Arts / Adventure / Open World Game in my entire life, better story than GTAV and Saints Row franchise. A must buy game, you will not regret on buying this game. :)"
,Recommended,307690,35133076,Posted: 22 September,all,FapHands,It's like feet meets face.It's like Kung Fu meets folklore.It's like chicken meets excavator.It's like Wolksvagen meets the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.It's like abstract legislative presupposition of divergent conceptions on the impeccable earth meets sagacious apriorism of susceptible percipiencive consciousness through uncomitted relative importance in distinction to various estimations.(The car handling seems a bit stiff tho)
,Recommended,307690,21645561,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,sushitrash,Can date Emma Stone11/10
,Recommended,307690,12627872,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,chicken weeng,You can kill pork bun vendors in HD.10/10
,Recommended,307690,26574882,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,SourceM7,Son of **** !!-Wei Shen
76561198119748150,Recommended,307690,22695877,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,thecoletrain128,"Surprised at how much I enjoyed Sleeping dogs. Liked the heavy emphasis on martial arts and the story is interesting by making the main protagonist serve as a double agent. Gunplay however feels a little awkard and some the side missions can be completed so fast that you wonder why they included them in the first place. Overall though, it's a great game."
,Recommended,307690,13735156,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,♣♠Tapsu♠♣,"-> lets start with this, I dont get into open world games very easilly, but this game got me, yes i said it! got me!btw i am not saying that i hate open world games, i mean i loved red dead redemption!-> its not the shoot and go that gets me into these kinda games its the drama and visual/audio effects.You are Wei Shen an undercover cop who got thrown in to hong kong to cripple organization named sun on yee.thats the main story but i dont want to give too much information.i think that the idea is amazing! and graphics in this definitive edition ARE AMAZING TOO!story is very very easy to get into and you become really attached to the characters.even if they dont appear as much.physics engine can be akward at times but you can get over it.audio is amazing but sometimes drops off of the acceptable.The characters are memorable and content is plenty! i give this game 9½/10"
,Recommended,307690,27080917,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,iVoltGaming,This game is a gem. There isn't anything else I can say about it. It's just amazing.
,Recommended,307690,13593457,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Corporate Lackey,"I live in Hong Kong and cannot drive (since I'm used to driving on the RIGHT SIDE of the road). I practice driving like a crazy local driver here with bling![Update as of Dec 28, 2014]Screw that, After this review, suddenly this game got uninstalled and i cannot install it. It's the Asia version and I live in Hong Kong. It can't get more Asia than that unless you move me behind the Great Firewall of China. I only clocked less than 20 hours, at least let me level up enough and get enough face so I can wear Bruce Lee's yellow outfit.[Update as of Dec 29, 2014]Suddenly working again. Wow, it suddenly worked somehow."
,Recommended,307690,33139962,Posted: 2 July,all,✪Shiro,"not bad me likes it!! the grpahics are good, the controls are decent, the story line is good AND THE FIGHTING ARE 500 TIMES BETTER THEN GTA. There are some bugs like wei shen not reacting to counter at all. Not bad i really enjoyed it. highly recommended to every gamers who wanna try something different from the usual english speaking games."
,Recommended,307690,13795529,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,mutiny,"I had a lot of fun with this game.Sleeping Dogs has a good and progressive story about an undercover cop inside of the triads. The graphics are visually impressive, the combat is fun and fluid, and the controls are tight. I recommend using a controller to play this game.Definitely fills the void while we wait for GTA V to be released."
76561198001980312,Recommended,307690,16472257,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Chummy 8,"Sleepy Dogs is one of my all time favorite open world games. I played this game for the first time last year and promised myself that I would eventually buy all of the DLC and replay the game eventually.  When the Definitive edition came out, I knew I had to get it immediately.  The DE sprinkles the newly unlocked DLC throughout the story so you are not immediately over powered at the start with crazy guns/cars/money.  That was a very good thing and added much to the overall gameplay.  The graphic upgrade was a nice touch as well.  In all, if you are thinking about buying Sleeping Dogs the DE is definitely the one to get.2015 Edit: After playing GTA 5, I can safely say that I enjoyed my time with this game more than Grand Theft Auto. I wish that Sleepy Dogs could have a touch more of the amazing world building that GTA has. But that's it. I S ranked this game and would STILL be willing to take another spin in the world of Sleepy Dogs."
76561198015746645,Recommended,307690,23412571,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,darktatsu,Really fun game...best way to describe it is GTA with martial arts thrown into the mix. Story is actually pretty good. The only negative thing I have to say about the game is that sometimes bugs/glitches will happen that make it impossible to proceed so you have to reset to last checkpoint or turn the game off and reload.
,Recommended,307690,23423046,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,RyuzojiOtsu,"If you're familiar with theTrue Crimeseries, this is the spiritual successor! absolutely beautiful graphics, gripping story line, lovable characters, fun combat system(almost like the PS2 classicThe Warriors) though not to be mistaken for a GTA clone, there are firefights, this game is mainly filled with hand-to-hand combat, kung-fu style! with added environmental attacks (which can be pretty gruesome, if gore isn't your thing)The DLCs leave a little something to be desired, and feel quite rushed, but they are still worth checking out for your Sleeping Dogs fix!There are a tonne of side-quests, collectibles, cars, and clothes to collect/buy also! I have bought this game for PS3, Xbox and PC twice, it is absolutely stunning, and I 100% recommend it!"
,Recommended,307690,35395897,Posted: 1 October,all,Mr.Coolman,you can ching chong the fug out of people
,Recommended,307690,14151336,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Nio,On a wedding day...On a funeral...On a election...10/10 would sing karaoke again.
,Recommended,307690,16067463,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Patchy,you can break arms and legs and go on a crazy arm/legs breaking spree 69/10
,Recommended,307690,33935831,Posted: 31 July,all,TonicThunder,"Tonic's ReviewsAll my reviews are backed up with 100% game completion and 100% achievement completion.My reviews provide a quick-list and summary before a more in-depth review.Sleeping Dogs: Definitive EditionQuick-list:ProsHighly detailed and well optimized open worldHand-to-hand combat using a simple combo systemSteady balance of story-driven quests and side-questsModerate amount of collectibles to encourage explorationThis version integrates DLC into the Main Game instead of handing it all to youConsBugs / Glitches with the free-running system (can sometimes feel clunky too)Inconsistent vehicle handlingWhen weapons are introduced, they're mostly inconsistent when firedNightmare in Northpoint and Year of the Snake are separate instances from the Main StorySome of the side content can feel a little repetitive or lacks depthSummary:I'll begin with saying that this game is definitely underrated and deserved so much more attention upon release than it was given. I definitely recommend this game if you're looking for a well developed story and world experience. While the graphics can appear a little dated, there's definitely an explosive amount of detail in the world and primary characters. Sleeping Dogs is a game that feels fully realized and well developed, but that doesn't excuse it from a fair amount of bugs and glitches that you're guaranteed to run into. Combat in this game feels very good, but it can eventually feel repetitive and dry once you get the hang of it. The Definitive Edition is exactly what it says on the tin; the complete and final version of the game. The Definitive edition includes all of the available DLC and graphic enhancements in one package. Compared to the standard version of Sleeping Dogs, the DLC is provided differently. Instead of all the vehicles, costumes, and upgrades being handed to you upon loading up a new game, the DLC is spread out across various shops and missions adding to the standard play-through (not including Year of the Snake and Nightmare in Northpoint).The StoryYou play as Wei Shen, an undercover cop who recently returned to Hong Kong after years in the United States. The game opens up in a clever way to introduce you to a childhood friend, Jackie Ma, who just so happens to be in the Sun On Yee, a triad that you aim to gain intel of from the inside. After you re-introduce with Jackie, he brings you to Winston Chu, a Red Pole (Senior Triad Member) in the Sun On Yee. Winston at first does not trust Wei, and so it's your job to gain the trust of the Sun On Yee, and relay as much information as you can to the enforcers as you aim to bring down the Triads for good.If you can get into the story, be prepared for a true roller-coaster of emotions. Wei Shen tends to be a pretty empty character (excluding some situations), which allows you to assume his morals and reactions.The GameplayOkay.. So the reason I first bought this game was because I saw some badass Kung-Fu in open world. It's safe to say that Sleeping Dogs certainly delivered. The combat in Sleeping Dogs is primarily combo based hand-to-hand Kung-Fu with unlockable moves as you progress through the story. Purchasing upgrades in this game comes from two primary sources of XP, better known as Cop XP, and Triad XP. Playing police-based missions yields Cop XP, and playing the main story missions yields Triad XP. Each form of XP opens up unlockable abilities that are themed to their respective name (Cop Upgrades and Triad Upgrades). Another form of progression is Face XP, which comes from doing the various open world favors and side-missions. Face XP is used to allow the use and purchase of high class clothing and vehicles. If worn in organized sets, the clothing in Sleeping Dogs can provide enhancements to combat, prices, XP gain, and other functions. The vehicles in Sleeping Dogs tend to be a bit inconsistent, and I don't mean speed. The handling can feel either really snappy, or really clunky. The vehicles tend to drive more arcade than simulation, but sometimes there's a confusing crossover between both that make driving a little annoying sometimes... Overall, the driving in Sleeping Dogs is still incredibly fun! The Free-running can be pretty clunky at times as well and you can't really interact with as much of the world as I initially hoped upon launching the game. That aside, you will run into moments where you climb a wall or random fence for some reason.. and you definitely didn't intend for it to happen. The movement in general is definitely something that takes time to get used to, for it does feel like it has ""weight"" to it.The MissionsEvery story mission feels pieced together very well. Sleeping Dogs does a pretty good job at telling a concise story without leaving you confused or off-course. The characters are also pretty vibrant and feel like true personalities instead of a talking head. There isn't much to say about the story missions other than the fact they they're very well made! For me personally, the ending felt pretty cheap and could have been much more interesting, but everything else in the story stands pretty strong. The police case missions feel slightly tacked on, but they do provide a little bit more insight on what's happening in the story. They run you through a series of things to do in attempt to bring someone into justice. The chores and side-missions tend to lack depth, honestly. They definitely add more playtime to the game, but they don't extend too far. Once you play a few of the chores, you've pretty much played them all.The GraphicsSleeping Dogs is a VERY detailed world, especially for it's time upon release. The Definitive Edition claims to improve the graphics even more, but PC Users don't really get that much more of a boost compared to console users (which is expected). The world itself very well accents the gritty nature of Hong Kong during the day, but as soon as night falls, the lights glow in such a vibrant way that not many games tend to capture well."
,Recommended,307690,15197189,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Budekman,"as a china race , i feel bad for my own kind chop to piece , this game make me cry .10/10 would  play this again"
,Recommended,307690,27206349,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,toto,"Wanna learn kung fu? Ez, play this game. Why even attack the enemy when you can always counter his attacks?? Although there were not any actual dogs sleeping in-game, that isn't really a deal breaker for me. Its a 3rd person open world game which many will refer as a ""cheap ripoff of GTA"".. if you encounter any of those people you should tell them to stfu and ♥♥♥♥♥ slap them because it isn't. The story is good (but 2 short 4 me) and in the definitive edition graphics have been improved, fighting mechanism is awesome just like the ones you can find in the batman series. The only downside for me is that the driving is a bit stiff (just like ♥♥♥♥ing watch dogs♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hell..). And also the game is set in Hong Kong which is what makes the game unique and more fun. Overall I rate this game 9/11 as it totally deserves it."
76561198153956434,Recommended,307690,24369556,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Nevasith,"This is one of the better game I've played over the last few days. The plot is (while predictable) really good, beating most of the criminal movies.Bad things:Car camera control is horrible, probably the hardest enemy in the whole gameSome fight are way too difficult (falling ceiling anyone?), but they are optional DLC so you can just skip them."
,Recommended,307690,13657465,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,max,"Before I start my review of this product, I would like to mention that this is one of my first gaming experiences on the PC and this game has won me over. At the time of reviewing this, I have put in 90 or so minutes into the game so you could consider this a first impressions review.OverviewSleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition is a revamp of Sleeping Dogs with improved graphics. Wei Shen finds himself at ends when he gets in too deep with the gangs of Hong Kong as you work undercover for the police to infiltrate the Sun On Yee gang.Rating/Topic+ GraphicsLet's start at the graphics, which is a selling point for the definitive edition. The game looks amazing and the city of Hong Kong has a feeling of immersion like nothing I have played before. The graphics are great and they do live up to the marketing of the definitive edition. Overall, this department is solid.- ControlsMy second topic is the controls for keyboard and mouse. I really am not a fan of them, but I don't like KB&M for most third person games either. I guess they are okay if you are good with a keyboard and mouse in third person games, but I found it to be a much better experience on the Xbox One controller. The game recognized the controller immediately and I was very satisfied without needing to change any of the default controls. The KB&M controls aren't as stellar as the graphics, but they are decent. I recommend a controller to get the best experience for this game.+ StorylineThe storyline is a modern masterpiece. I have played only 90 minutes, yet I can say that the story has excellent pacing and makes you think about your actions. I went in playing the game like GTA, but every car you steal and every rival thug you beat up alters your opinion and immerses you into the game like nothing I have experienced. I can't emphasize how enjoyable it is to play this game. After a session of gaming, I sit back as if I am Wei Sheng and contemplate my actions like the game is real life. Overall, the story is amazing and is a huge selling point of this game.+ CombatThe combat is simple enough for me as someone who does not play fighting games, I found the combat sequences to be at a good middle ground for difficulty. The camera shakes as you slam someone against the wall and you can feel each hit you put on your opponent. The AI is great and thugs will be less likely to attack you when you push one of their face's into a fan or smash someone against a telephone booth. This game is great at immersing you into every aspect of the game. In all, the combat is just as solid as the graphics and storyline.Other Notes+ The soundtrack fits the theme very well+ Traffic and NPC's are very realistic, a must for a game set in one of the biggest cities in the world- Driving feels a bit clunky+/- Little to no gun combat, which could be a plus or minus depending on how you feel+ Definitive Edition includes all DLC's+/- Okay optimization, got a stable 60 FPS on high @ 1920x1080 on an OEM GTX 760, which gets 4-5 frames per second lower than a normal 760. Quick pro tip here, running this game on the Extreme preset enabled will turn on high SSAA & FXAA, which will eat up your FPS without providing much visual difference. Best to use a custom preset and switch to high FXAA and medium SSAA.SummarySleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition lives up to it's claim of improved graphics and delivers a very enjoyable gaming experience, but the keyboard and mouse experience is not the best. I recommend a controller, and be weary that the Extreme graphic preset enables high super sampling anti-aliasing which will eat up FPS, I recommend using a custom setup and use medium SSAA and high FXAA if you have a mid-tier graphics card such as the 270X or 760.I would happily recommend this to anyone who has enjoyed games such as GTA, Assassin's Creed, Watch Dogs or any of the Batman games. It isn't the most recent title, but the definitive edition includes all the DLC's and the updated graphics are on par with 2014 releases. My overall rating for this game is a very sold 9/10."
,Recommended,307690,13700015,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,S H O T A C A T,This game is so good that I paid for it twice. Worth it.
76561198084634699,Recommended,307690,13779291,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Catfish of Forcestaff,"+ Great game for Hong Kong movie fans+ Great game for people who speak cantonese or read Chinese+ Fighting mechanics are awesome+ Driving mechanics is so-so, but YOU CAN SHOOT OUT OF THE WINDOWS+ Environmental kills <---+ Great tone setting music+ Visuals, story, fun mini games etc- Story feels too short- Non Chinese speakers not getting full experience- Too much cursing in cantonese. I don't think Hong Kong is like that- Sequel not announced... yet"
,Recommended,307690,30047483,Posted: 19 February,all,l0fty.WhizZ,Great game! Good optimization
,Recommended,307690,24457132,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,strafeS,"GOT IT ON SUMMER SALES (75% OFF)Very good story line.Beautiful Hong Kong.Awesome gameplays.Fun DLCs.However,There are some bugs ( eg. shoes are under the ground when standing at some areas )Definitely recommend it for those who loved GTA + KungFu !!!SCORE : 7.0 / 10"
,Recommended,307690,14428258,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Tsukasa Hiiragi,"Sleeping Dogs: DE edition is why steam needs more review options than either yes/no -  Sleeping Dogs is a game that I would give a neutral review on,  the gameplay has varied amount of issues and bugs but also occasionally is great fun to play.  Sleeping Dogs is the epitome of take two steps forward and three steps backwards, hopefully SE will decide on making a sequel and address many of the issues that keep Sleeping Dogs from being a masterpiece.+Great Graphics+Great setting and story+Good fighting mechanics+Plenty of action sequences+Lots of side missions+Good voice actors-Poor racing missions, especially bike races-Questionable vehicle handling-Many bugs and occasional crashes-Poor gunplay-Frustrating missions-Useless weapons especially gunsThere are many questionable design flaws in Sleeping Dogs which really don't help the game, such as several highly useless abilities like access police weapons from the trunks of police cars, alls this does is immediately start a police chase, not that the guns will help you since they'll disappear if you interact with the world - yes, you heard that currently since SE constantly defend the fact that this is a melee based game, they state that guns are a 'power-up' but that doesn't explain why if I use a health shrine or open a box, or do anything other than shoot the gun will mysteriously disappear - this renders all the DLC that have bonus weapons completely useless.Hong Kong looks great - plenty of eye candy all around but even so, SE fails to go beyond that - the character customization is limited, clothing is limited with few giving XP or special boosts.   Car customization is non-existant which is a shame and doesn't really make that much sense since a large portion of content revolves around illegal street racing, which brings up another major issue - the racing is exceptionally poor, the car races are 100% based on picking the correct car for the race, its as simple as that - whilst the bike racing is mind blowing bad, your rival racers seem to ride ungodly powerful bikes that go significantly faster, have insanely perfect handling around tight spaces and have godly acceleration, the only chances the player has to win the bike races is to have the best bikes and to drive the race with perfection, no crashes, no drift errors - as your rivals will slow down at certain parts allowing you to get in front, and then catch just as quickly.In closing,  whilst I'm giving this a recommedation, this game does have its issues so I would rather give it a mixed review rather than a purely postive one.   I would say this game is worth a purchase if on sale or cheap but be aware of potential issues."
,Recommended,307690,13489875,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,"Great edition of great game. Lots of new interesting stuff like destructible objects around, more NPCs, better graphics, better animations, better optimization. Also it includes all DLCs."
76561198127738960,Recommended,307690,13256753,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,GoldenBuffy,"I had wanted to play this game for a while, picked it up while it was on sale. OMG! I love this game. Enjoy it almost as much as GTA. Great game. If you're looking for action, a decent story line and just plan fun, get this game."
76561197968088964,Recommended,307690,13213083,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Loki,Very well written story.  Good game mechanics.  Enjoyed the mini games.  Best game of this type I can remember ever playing.  Look forward to a replay.
76561198197913638,Recommended,307690,23288998,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Amateur Jewish Rapper,This game is quite nice to play.
,Not Recommended,307690,14396608,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,vanquishedlight,"vety dissapointing really. SD normal edition is great because of optimization and CF/SLI support. this edition don't seem to go above 30 fps no matter what settings you use. and is not CF/SLI friendly like the normal edition. i understand that better graphics means more requirments, but should still get over 30fps. the DLC is all now part of the game it's self. you now have to open everything up by doing all the missions.  so it's not directly added to your inventory. you also have to purchase it from a NPC in the game and alot of the stuff is priced at insane prices like 350,000+ for a single outfit from the DLC that you gust get in the normal version.IMO this is an ""OK"" version. but i don't recommend it, if you can get the original with all the DLC. i know steam no longer sells it. but you can buy the original through♥♥♥♥♥or another reseller for steam games.normal edition 10/10definitive edition 6/10"
,Recommended,307690,18190660,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,i dont wanna live,"This game is, quite frankly, amazing. I've only spent a small amount of time with it, but I've completed the story. It's the only game that makes me compare other games to it and feel disatisifed with the other games.STORYThe game's story puts you as Wei, a cop. I found the story quite fun, as it makes you laugh and cheer on some of the characters at certain points (looking at you, grandma!) and some people might not like it due to it's cliche nature. However, don't go thinking about the story too critically; you will be slightly dissapointed. The story makes you feel for the characters, and wanting to go against the characters in the story; which, I believe, is the purpose. It isn't the best story ever, but I love it due to it's nature. Highly subjective!GAMEPLAYAh, the most important part to lots of people. The gameplay is incredibly fun! Lots of high action, slow mo moves to make you really feel like Wei, and not some generic character. The system reminds me of the Arkham series, but I prefer this system by miles. The gunplay is alright, not great, but I love how the pistols feel. I think this matters because it is reminiscent of gang violence, which is what the game is based around. The general style of the combat made me play Sleeping Dog's MMO, which is called Triad Wars, but don't try it. Seriously. Waste. Of. Time.GRAPHICSThe graphics are fine, not too good, not too bad. The only annoyance is the low view distance, which is covered by a Depth-of-Field like fog. I wish you could turn it off. Other than that, the graphics are fine and make you feel immersed.Nice viarety of graphics options, lacking an FoV slider but that isn't too necessary.REPLAYABILITYNow, this is where my hours come into account. Notice the low amount; I believe that it has little to no replayability, and that is why I wanted the MMO to succeed. Sure, if you like collecting things, you'll have a great time completing this one, but if you're like me, and just 'play' games, you won't particularly like this one.OVERALLGreat game, nice graphics, amazing combat, fantastic story, but no replayability.BUT, I won't let this one itch stop me. I love this game, and it's easily one of the best games I've ever played. It's a 10/10.Have fun!"
,Recommended,307690,30350087,Posted: 5 March,all,Rum,10/10 Wei don't know how to exhausted after running a lot
,Recommended,307690,30640369,Posted: 20 March,all,cratozen 箱禅,You look like you could use a pork bun!﻿
76561198057708897,Recommended,307690,32956870,Posted: 28 June,all,Predator,"I got Sleeping Dogs simply expecting a decent open world action game to entertain me for a while but to my surprise it was much more than that and was quite the unique game. First off this is much more than Chinese GTA which is what I went in expecting.PROS+The game is centered around hand to hand combat similar to the Batman games. Its doesn't have the variety of difficulty that the Arkham games have and its never that challenging but its still quite fun and the environmental takedowns are great.+The voice acting is excellent. The voice cast features actors like Will Yun Lee, Kelly Hu, Emma Stone (though briefly) and even Tom Wilkinson himself. There is a lot of cheesy dialogue here but its done purposely and has a lot of charm to it.+The story plays out like a classic hong kong action film and its a great and entertaining ride all the way through. I was never bored or wanted the game to end.+The side activities here are actually quite fun and I didn't mind doing them.+Visually the game holds up incredibly well and the lighting especially is simply beautiful.+The game is very well optimized and I achieved 144fps the entire time without any drops at all.CONS-The vehicles are not too fun to drive and just feel rather dull to me. Driving on the small crowded Hong Kong streets certainly doesn't help this either.-After time the fighting can become repetitive as despite unlocking more combos you don't unlock many new ways of tackling a fight and there aren't many new enemies either.-The guns while fun for slow motion aren't anything to write home about. Since they aren't in the game much however this is a very small gripe.-The two main DLC packs I played Nightmare In North Point and Year of the Snake are both very mediocre and short and do not provide any meaningful continuation to the main games story. I do not hold this against the game at all however as they come free with this version anyway.CONCLUSIONIf you have any desire to play an awesome Hong Kong action game with a great open world and a lot of things to do I highly recommend this. The story and characters are excellent and I would love for us to get a sequel."
,Recommended,307690,13308913,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,BOIPUSSY,"Sleeping Dogs: Definitive edition is almost a straight-upgrade to the original, Of which I had on my Xbox 360, Loved it to pieces and then when I heard about this, and in the 2 year time period of the games coming out got a gaming PC, I knew I had to get it on the PC. It has amazing parkour mechanics, With smooth yet realistic mechanics, The slow-motion is possibly the best around and dont get me started on the figthing mechanics... Maghad. The fighting mechanics are possibly the best I have seen in years. GTA's fighting mechanics are... Okay, But compared to Sleeping Dogs', GTA is on its hands and feet. Its a mass of fun to play, WIth vastly updated mechanics and content, And when you buy the game, You get all 24 DLC's included with it. The graphics have been updated, But not that much tbh. Cant get much better than that, Right?Pro's- Amazing parkour mechanics- Brilliant sound effects- updated graphics- Absoloutely brilliant fighting and shooting mechanics- The slow-motion... :DCon's- No modding compatability as of UK: 10/12/14 US: 12/10/14 GDArcan said that there ""won’t be any mod tools"" ;'(- Graphics haven't been vastly upgraded.OVERALL:9/10Would definately recommend. Basically all I've been doin'."
,Recommended,307690,13500994,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Classy^^,"Yes yes yes yes, buy this game now while it's on sale , you absolutely won't regret. The music in this game is awesome, the combat is flawless and so is the driving, this is basically what we had expected from watch dogs, but better."
,Recommended,307690,16073758,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Kilz Inc.™ シ,Kung Fu Simulator 2015.
,Recommended,307690,16648896,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Strazz,"This game is just totally amazing, good graphics (tho my pc can't handle that, but np), nice storyline and pretty hot girls (well some).It's worth spending your money on this game ;)"
,Recommended,307690,29004125,Posted: 4 January,all,BJ,Great game with unique combat!
,Recommended,307690,32991861,Posted: 29 June,all,Raidon,Positive:+Good Animation Fight i like it+Good Graphic although at Low Graphic+Map is big+Nice Story <3+Better than GTA IV+Can Hijack Car xD+Main Character have skill like max payne+Water quality in tihs game is beautiful+when night come city look very colorful and beautifulNegative:-I dont like driving in this game because this game have delay when 0.5-0.75 Second-Cannot Walk- Story is good but to shortThats it :)8.5/10
,Recommended,307690,13555115,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,G4Vi,If you like GTA and want to try something a little different try this. Very well written story of an undercover cop trying to work his way through the Triads. Well done fighting mechanics mixed in with some gunplay.
,Recommended,307690,13736778,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ivan Osorio,"Sleeping Dogs grabs the best aspects from many famous franchises and mashes them into a surprisingly cohesive whole.Kung Fu / 10Usual GTA brand of sandbox comes in a very detailed asian island flair to explore, boasting some very interesting cultural references that are unique to this title; Arkham style combat which relies on timing and countering, as well as some combination attacks (which can be upgraded as you find specific collectibles); the usual free running stuff for some parkour tricks (although in a somewhat limited manner); and a very polished gunplay mechanic which includes Max Payne-ish bullet time. Oh, also, completely absurd car physic (this is a plus in my book).The game plays very well and pulling counters, slow-mo headshots, and driving enemies off the road (amongst others) are all incredibly satisfying. Counters and environmental kills can get quite brutal and gory, which is nice and makes the combat feel weighty and significant most of the time.“Character Progression”, if you would call it that, is present through a few different “meters” you level up; leveling up gives you points to spend on certain perks. You can choose your way but you will likely end up with (almost) everything. However, the amount of experience you get for these meters is still not particularly well balanced, a problem the original also had.Integrated DLC is very interesting but some open up at somewhat weird times. “Death by a Thousand Cuts” opens upreallysoon and can frustrate; “Shaolin Showdown” also seems somewhat random. The “Zodiac Tournament” (which deserves special mention for being abrilliantpiece of DLC done right) also opens up too soon, but it's worth going in an taking a peek just to see what's in store for you. It's great. Everything else works really well. I particularly liked the SWAT DLC being broken into several missions that gradually open up as you progress in the story; it definitely helped in keeping the variety up.A few words about the story: I personally really liked it. While far from the most original thing, it was very well written and delivered.Many games try to get the player attached to its characters but, at least personally, they mostly fail. I simply find it very hard to care or to empathize. So I was very surprised to find myself deeply engaged with the characters of this world. Wiston, Peggy, Uncle Po, Ricky, Conroy, Jackie. They all mattered and played their part, but it goes beyond. The character arch of Jackie, how Conroy’s attitude towards you shifts through the whole game. It’s not a moment’s difference, it’s everything that happens. How the game takes the time to make you do menial tasks for Peggy. Everything builds up.Technical Considerations:I’ve bought and played this game at around 2014 December. I had a few minor visual glitches every now and again but nothing even close to game breaking. Even though this version is somewhat infamous for running poorly, it ran pretty well for me. There are also plenty of graphics options to tweak in case you want to sacrifice some bells and whistles for stability. I would recommend trying your best to get World Density (or whatever it’s called - it’s under advanced graphical settings) to the max though; it had a significant difference in the feel of the environment for me.TL;DR:One of my favorite games of the 7th generation. It takes the best parts of many worlds and combines them into a really solid whole. Combat is fun, the story is engaging and the world is alive and interesting to be in. DLC implementation is really well done. Definitely recommended.Miscellaneous Information:Managed to 100% the main game in roughly 43 hours (in-game time), but I had already done it before on the PS3, so I knew my way around.Regarding the extra DLC chapters: I've only done about an hour of the ""Nightmare In North Point"" chapter. It's OK at best. There are some good jokes, but I was not particularly taken by it. The vibrancy of the world is replaced by a really heavy handed blue-filter which makes everything look the same. The new enemies are not particularly interesting to fight. It definitely wasn't my cup of tea, and it honestly sucked a bit of hype for the other chapter (Year of The Snake), which I haven't even played and for all I know could be way better.Moral of the story here is that I get that sometimes people want more, but sometimes leaving that desire unfulfilled is what keeps us coming back. I'm shelving this game for the time being; it just seems like it has given me enough. One day I will feel like playing this again (because it really is a great game overall) and then maybe I'll get those extra chapters done."
,Recommended,307690,14114961,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Trevellian[C22],"Definitely one of the best open world games I've played. It combines Hong Kong undercover police drama, with the free flow combat of Batman: Arkham City/Asylum. If you like good Hong Kong action flicks and GTA style games you'll love this one.Do not overlook this game, it is up there with the best of the GTA series in terms of story and gameplay."
76561198149414589,Recommended,307690,16034200,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Doge Stan,10/10 since i understand every single words that the pedestrians say....
,Recommended,307690,22480256,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Danipips The Stunned Panda,Undercover cop who breaks people legs just for fun 11/10.
,Recommended,307690,31499883,Posted: 1 May,all,kuro,"What is it?A story-driven action adventure set in a gorgeously recreated Hong Kong setting (a mix of various Hong Kong sectors fairly accurately recreated). The game is based on real events (though names have been changed). You are Wei Shen, and you lead a double life as a Triad gang member and an undercover cop - so you will be playing both sides of the story. It is Wei's job to bring down the Sun On Yee gang (a tweaked name of the real-life 'Sun Yee On') from the inside, and so he must find a way in, and get people to trust him. Soon, Wei starts to feel divided loyalties as he gets in deeper and deeper. The main storyline is linear but the plot is fast-paced and entertaining. There are masses of side missions that fit in with the plot very well and you can choose when and if to play these.Sleeping Dogs contains all the usual open-world elements we love: a gorgeously atmospheric and thriving city densely populated with people and traffic, great ambience (especially the night market), vehicles to unlock and drive (or simply steal), USEFUL collectibles that either upgrade your health and strength, or your bank balance!Is it easy to play?Very. The driving and parkour elements are simple and responsive and the martial arts moves are only taught gradually and are not overly complex, though you might find yourself scribbling down a few moves as there are ultimately 12 to remember! The game's tuition system spreads your learnt moves gradually through the game using a novel system of returning to Wei's former Kung Fu school. For exchange of each school's missing trophies, you will be taught a new move and given some non-aggressive adversaries to practise it on. It works very well. As for weapons combat, I personally found it easier to switch to mouse for aiming, but the game switches seamlessly between controllers while playing. The only negative aspect is the sometimes-uncontrollable camera angles after reversing a vehicle. The camera is too slow to face forward, meaning you often start driving blindly. Other than this, everything is great.RequirementsRegarding game requirements, you really will need to pay attention to those because this is a heavy game graphically. There is some stutter in the cut-scenes regardless of GPU but the cut-scenes are only occasional. You will benefit greatly from a gamepad. This is not the sort of game for people who have a 'delicate' audience in the room as there is a lot of 'colourful' language and such. If you're a female gamer, you'll probably cringe at some of the lines spoken by some women (some are really bad!) - but not enough to kill enjoyment of the game.Is it worth upgrading from the original?If you enjoyed the game enough that you'd likely play it through again, then I'd say yes. It looked great before but there are a plethora of improvements: denser NPCs and traffic, heaps more variety in shop signs, lots more lit signs, beautiful environment effects, super-realistic road and building textures and improved controls. A few bugs in the original game have been fixed, and all the cars, outfits, apartments and cash DLC is no longer automatically awarded to you at the beginning of the game (a problem with the original version, leaving players with nothing further to play for). The only caution is that, if your PC struggled a bit with the original, it will struggle more with this version given that it is a much heavier game for your GPU."
76561197970633800,Recommended,307690,28664402,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,NecroPhilic,Great story.  Get it.
,Recommended,307690,35312286,Posted: 29 September,all,Ali G | SOA Scotland President,"So when we think of GTA, most think of good games, some think of a killing/murder simulator AKAJack Thompson, when we think of Saints Row we think of over the top violence and some funny and questionable humor, i did not think anything could top the two games i stated above but i finally played something that did...SLEEPING DOGSthis game.....OHHHHHHHHHHHHHH THIS GAME, its the work of god, if bruce lee handed him his♥♥♥♥♥when he died and went to heaven *IF HEAVEN EVEN EXISTS* simply this game is GTA + Saints Row + Bruce Lee Movies, Jackie Chan, Jet Li and more = SLEEPING DOGSbut thats what makes it so amazing the fact it has the thing i always wanted from GTA or SR i mean the third kinda had kung fu but it was terrible in comparsion to sleeping dogsi really need to continue playing before i start listing pros and cons aswell :P"
,Recommended,307690,35323162,Posted: 29 September,all,Xylven,Are you a whole man? Because I wasn't before I started playing this game.
76561198113898913,Recommended,307690,26717223,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,thepieslayer,"I'm not exagerating when I say this is somewjere in my top 3 best open world games I've ever played. Great story, great fighting, amazing atmosphere, kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack really my only noteworthy complaint is the driving's a little too arcadey for me. BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,307690,32653449,Posted: 22 June,all,nacycei,Man who never eats pork bun is never a whole man.
,Recommended,307690,22226008,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Labamba,it's better to see dogs sleeping rather than watch
76561198119391147,Recommended,307690,12809956,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,BunFarts,I like this game but it just lags alot and it wont stop so if you can tell me how to fix this it would be appreciated.
,Recommended,307690,13941670,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Incultus,"This game has it all.A very well designed Hong Kong which, in combination with the action packed story, truly feels alive, especially in the Definitive Edition.The AI is pretty good, sometimes making you sweat over things that seem miniscule, which is good, makes you struggle to get those pesky achievements and so it becomes more rewarding in the end ;)But the best part of this game, at least for me, is its music.Radio stations packed with great music of all kinds.Tune in to Ninja Tunes!!8.5/10"
,Recommended,307690,12559018,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,lljk://the.deadly.hume,"If you've already got Sleeping Dogs, I don't know if getting the DE is strictly necessary. But I bought it anyway just to see what the differences were (which seem to be that you get all the DLC integrated and there's some cosmetic improvements).Nevertheless, I ended up playing through the whole thing again. It really is one of the best open world games released in the last while, so if you DON'T have it and you like this sort of thing, umm, why don't you have it yet?To recap, the characterisation is superb, the gameplay is very good - the melee combat is particularly satisfying, as you would want a game with an particular emphasis on the martial arts to be. No doubt there is the usual disjoint between the plot and the open-world stuff in that you play an undercover cop who does a very convincing job of not giving two hoots about the law. The tone varies accordingly so it gets quite dark, with the odd lighter moment, but is never goofy.Also, swordfish."
,Recommended,307690,13821629,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,iAttackPeople,A MAN WHO NEVER PLAYS SLEEPING DOGS IS NEVER A WHOLE MAN
,Recommended,307690,16241157,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,venomm,Loved the two new DLCs.
,Recommended,307690,24067539,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,shay,10/10 would roundhouse kick a lady to death again
,Recommended,307690,16836154,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,King Aria,"Do you like Hong Kong action flicks from the 90's to early 00's? Do you like Asian metropolis' with its colourful citizens? This game is for you, then.There are two things that seperate this game from the rest of the open world, modern day genres:1. Its Kung Fu combat system.2. Its RPG elements that allow you to improve your character.I enjoyed this game on the Xbox 360 and I purchased it on a whim on Steam when I saw it included all the DLC. I find that every generation of consoles, there is an Asian-style fighting game that takes place in Hong Kong. In 2003, we had Jet Li's Rise to Honour. In 2013, we have Sleeping Dogs. What does 2023 hold for us? Only time will tell.Anyways, get it when it's on sale. The physics and gameplay isn't as realistic or fleshed out as GTA V, but the game itself and the flavour is worth it."
76561198202836886,Recommended,307690,32902077,Posted: 27 June,all,Waifu Hunter,A Chinese version of GTA
,Recommended,307690,16616307,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[Coppelion] Archer Kaga,"We're in Hong Kong, where a lot of chinese people live in and where people are suppose to speak chinese. But hey who gives a damm as you order noodles and dumplings from a shopkeeper in english and you just beat the crap out of his gang members outside."
76561197974487036,Recommended,307690,33196061,Posted: 3 July,all,Try This At Home Kids,"Normally I'm not into GTA style games where you play a criminal, or in this case an undercover cop, but Sleeping Dogs is just plain fun! First the game takes place in Hong Kong so the setting is new and different. Second characters actually speak english AND cantonese so you really feel like your in Hong Kong. Third you never have to look for something to do! Simply hitting the M key connects you to a mission and tells you (using the map) how to get there. Fourth there is so much to do! Criminal activities, cop activities, general activities in the community. Fifth combat is fun......yes there are guns....but mostly you punch people in the face and kick them in the junk. I don't usually like combat that is basically button mashing but it's just so satisfying. Overall I would say this game is worth a play for anyone who likes an open world that comes with lots to do and a great story on top of things!Score: 95/100P.S. There are taxi's everywhere that let you fast travel to anywhere in the game world. Awesome!"
,Recommended,307690,34205041,Posted: 12 August,all,A5ian Hiko,Very good game. Nice visuals and your gonna love the f key a lot more after playing this.
76561198089486644,Recommended,307690,35194442,Posted: 24 September,all,Connor,This game is WEI too good.
,Recommended,307690,12851402,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Lone Wanderer,"I haven't played a game that has truly hooked me and kept me playing from start to finish in a fairly long time, but for some reason, this game did that and did it well. I loved every second of it and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a well rounded, fun, new experience."
,Recommended,307690,35157591,Posted: 23 September,all,KGeN,A man who never eat pork bun is never WHOLE MAN!!Plus very good soundtrack and very nice butts.Its Wei better then i expected.
,Recommended,307690,12428156,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Mike,"Sleeping Dogs is GTA with flashy kung fu and authentic Asian flavor. The Definitive Edition is the same game with better graphics and smoother gameplay. It's worth picking up if you've never played the game before, or if you're up for another playthrough."
,Recommended,307690,12617611,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Gogoud,"Definitely has a lot more content than the original, and a much better play experience. Reccommend to anyone who played the original Sleeping Dogs and anyone in general."
,Recommended,307690,13855457,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,The Enthusiast,"A very good game i must say, here are my reasons why.1.Great story.2.very good combat system.3.Lots to find.4.Lots of clothes (with special combat abilities).5.plenty of vehicles.*I don't know how it compares to the GTA series, but I'm hoping for Sleeping Dogs 2 in the near future."
,Recommended,307690,12536670,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Yad,"This is more of a game for people that really want to re-experience it in full, if you didn't like sleepy barks originally, this won't change anything."
,Recommended,307690,12418720,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Shadow,ok... This is the game they should have release in the first place.. Worth the $15 ! :tgrin:It's is more then just a patch job.+ Runs faster than the original+has all the DLC.How can you go wong?Will update more after more game play... but so far it's Great
,Recommended,307690,13178523,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Crunchy Toe,"Cool game, lovely voice work and great graphics. The environments are nice and the combat is fun. However there is one thing that I cannot shake when I play this and it is very irritating. It feels like a poor man's GTA. Driving vehicles is no fun either, mostly because when using a mouse and keyboard, the camera is awkward. Reversing on a bike will spin the camera, but if you manually move the mouse to get a better look as you set off forward, it will still rotate the camera and as such go beyond the forward view - as if it has to complete the entire motion. Why they couldn't of made it so moving the camera view yourself resets the camera spin, I just don't know.There are are a few other minor annoyances. Sometimes AI will walk into things, which isn't that bad really and many games are guilty of that (ahem Payday 2), but one of my biggest gripes when playing on foot is that there is no toggle for walk and run. Instead, if you want to walk you must rely on holding the free aim button (which is right click by default). However using free aim to walk is evidently not the proper way of doing it because whenever you get near an interactable object that you wish to talk past, your guy will just... sort of strafe past it while trying to get it in focus. Bit daft really that they couldn't simply add a walk toggle button.Another annoyance? The weird buttons. The game plays brilliantly with mouse and keyboard, but I have no idea why some menus rely solely on pressing Left-CTRL and Right-CTRL and Backspace and Enter. Why couldn't a cursor be implemented? Seems a bit lazy if you ask me.Overall, of what I've played (among some other very minor bugs which I've decided not to mention here), the game is excellent and well worth the money if you haven't already got the base game. For those who have the original Sleeping Dogs, I wouldn't necessarily say the increase in graphical fidelity and draw distance was worth it... although that is ultimately your decision."
,Recommended,307690,31502877,Posted: 2 May,all,KOOPY SANDWICH,Jackie Chan Simulator 900011/10
,Recommended,307690,29113140,Posted: 8 January,all,Blogger=/=Journalist,"It's like Batman Arkham Asylum meets Grand Theft Auto and Parkour skills of Assassin's Creed. It's gucci game, and it's often on sale, so please do get it. It runs well on low-end laptops also, so it's a game you could pick up even without a PC. It's different from GTA in that here you play as an undercover cop that inflitrates triads. The game feels immersive enough for you to care not to be so rowdy, it does seep into you and sometimes I find myself driving calmly because I'm a nice cop and I don't want to get innocent people killed.Oh yeah, you also could sing karaoke and go on cockfights and do martial arts. Really cool game."
,Recommended,307690,12506141,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MattJ1991,"It's GTA in Hong Kong, what's not to love?"
76561198163148477,Recommended,307690,13411646,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,MassSpecFella,I really like Sleeping Dogs! It is of course like GTA but with a really cool story and style. The fighting is very fun and rewarding. Driving is a little difficult for me so far but I may get the hang of it yet. The cars dont handle like GTA.The graphics are pretty demanding but very pretty. Great game.
,Recommended,307690,21283053,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Str8 Flexin,"Pros+ Slick gameplay+ Great Story+ Characters+ Voice acting is really well done.+ AI is top notch+ Great Setting (Hong Kong)Cons- Some settings are poorly Optimized. Had to gimp SEVERAL settings using an I5-4690k and GTX 970 just to get a more steady 60fps and I still had some frame drops in certain areas. You can turn down ""Enable Quality Anti-Aliasing"" down from Extreme to High and it will shoot up like 100fps but it makes the game look pretty awful in my opinion. So I just toned down all the shadow settings to normal and such.- Most of the DLC is either pointless or just bad.- Cop missions are REALLY boring. Luckily after a couple of them they're optional.Overall this game was worth every penny. Grabbed it on sale for 7.50, went into it blindly, and it exceeded my expectations by a long shot. I recommend this to anyone who likes GTA styled open world games, a great story, or someone just wanting a great Action-Adventure game with fantastic gameplay.Final Score - ★★★★☆"
,Recommended,307690,12419022,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,ImTheNumber12,"United Front Games, at first I found it strange that the cutcenes were dropping fps but it was having no impact on the game, then I started driving and being able to freely travel the map. I am looking at a loss of up to 30 fps doing these, even when it's just like walking through a park or something simple. The game has crashed twice during missions when the objectives change. As of right now, the mission where you take the city van to the racing guy and bug his vehice will permanently lock my game. I have not been able to find a fix. Could you please patch this?Edit:I have decided to lock the framerate to 30. I know it has to be my graphics card causing some of the fps dropping. I was able to circumvent the repeating lockup on that mission by entering the city van from the driver side door instead of the passenger side. I still experience random crashes but not enough to upset me. I've decided to return my review to recommended as I feel that it's a great title and worth playing even with it's faults."
,Recommended,307690,25614525,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,[DFS] Turdomino,Grand Theft Auto: Hong Kong
,Recommended,307690,30449513,Posted: 11 March,all,Exedder,This game taught me that its ok to drive on the left side of the road in real life aswell as long as you don`t hit any cops.
,Recommended,307690,23877041,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Chief,"10/10 game fellers, buy it or else you're a nerd"
,Recommended,307690,22076168,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Breakdown,"I learned alot of Chinese words, some good, many bad. The one thing I didn't learn? How to drive on the correct side of the ♥♥♥♥ing road.(Seriously though. Good fighting, you can't just rush, just wish there were more combos or attacks. Engaging story. This is the best True Crime:Hong Kong game ever.)8/10"
,Recommended,307690,17289305,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,nobody,"Just buy it - it's awesome. It's basically GTA and Batman squooshed together, with a sprinkling of Assassin's Creed thrown in for good measure. One of the best games I've ever played and the first I've 100%'ed on the pc since switching from console peasant.05.08.15. I'm sorry, I have to add to this. I was in a bit of a rush when I wrote the original review and didn't do this title justice at all. So, in order to try to redress the balance:I had this game for absolutely ages on the xbox360 and never got around to playing it, it came up for sale on steam and I thought 'Why not?'. I started playing this after finishing the game I was into at the time and O. M. G. - the first mission was kind of yeah, yeah, been here, seen it, done it on countless other games, with the only difference being the setting, but then - wham! the game just sort of opened up (as they do, I hear you say) but it sort of blew my mind.In essence, as I said at the start, it's pretty much GTA:Hong Kong in style, what with all the different things you can do outside of story missions, with parkour thrown in for free. BUT and it is a big but! - Sleeping Dogs is more like Red Dead Redemption in the way that it takes a well known tried and tested formula and puts it in a setting that makes it seem VERY different and the impact that this has on you, the player. Little touches in the game, (random overheard conversations, or people's doorsteps for example) made it seem so much like the real Hong Kong (although slightly squashed and far less crowded) that anyone could go to HK and not feel completey alienated. (The only things that's missing is the smell!). This game really made me feel like I was living the lifestyle of a chinese gangster (not so much the undercover cop, but I did have pangs of guilt whenever pedestrians got hurt and felt obliged to rescue handbags when the occasion presented itself!).Pros: beautifully recreated in superb graphics (very pretty game), grittyand slightly more realistic feelings for the character than most games of this ilk, cool parkour activity, captures the essence of a chinese/british culture almost perfectly, good variety of missions which meant you hardly ever had to do the same thing twice in a row, excellent balance of fighting and gunplay.Cons: Occasionally getting 'stuck' on something - usually around knee height - that you can't climb/jump over. Not anywhere near as crowded as the real place and one or two things misplaced or missing completely - such as Happy Valley and Kowloon (but I understand that certain things had to be sacrificed and United Front/Square Enix Eu did an excellent job in regards to this).As you can see, I'm kind of nit-picking on the cons. I just struggled to think of any negatives, such was the enjoyment I had with this game. This is the ONLY game where I fully enjoyed just rolling around and doing whatever took my fancy at the time. Yes, I did this in several gta's, but not to the extent I did it to in Sleeping Dogs and with nowhere near as much fun.I stand by my original statement - one of the best games I have ever played. On any platform. I think I'll give it a while and then play the (normal) version on my hexbox.*Extra bit 'cos have nominated this game for a steam award. Nothing has changed my opinion of this game - it's still awesome, it's still the only game I've 100%ed on my pc and I may never get around to playing it on my peasant box, but I will play this again on here!!"
,Recommended,307690,17017246,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Cyberdyne,"The driving of a NFS game, the combat of the Batman games, and the shooting of a coverbased third-person shooter (also jumping from car to car). In a unique enviroment, China. And great performance with decent graphics. The story is interesting, the characters are interesting. It's sandbox games are your thing, you need to own this game."
,Recommended,307690,16729636,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Expired Meme,"This game it one of the best games I have ever played in my life! The story mode is awesome. And just plain doing whatever you want is awesome as well. The graphics are great, the story itself is great, and the huge open world is awesome! I garentee this game to anyone who likes fighting games, action games, racing games, and sandbox games!"
76561197970914745,Recommended,307690,17283091,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Solo4114,"This review is for those who played the original version but are curious about whether the ""Definitive Edition"" is worth it, and what's different.Overall, the Definitive Edition is still the same as the original game, but there are some noticeable differences that alter your experience somewhat.  First, the graphics are, indeed, much improved in terms of the overall atmosphere.  You can drop them down to the same level they were at in the original version, or pump them up to the max, and see a much prettier, more colorful city (obviously, at the cost of some framerate loss, depending on your machine).  I have a 2010 era machine, so it strains a bit with the newer graphics, but it's still manageable.  If you have a more modern rig, you should run it fine.Gameplay-wise, the interface itself is identical.  Combat is the same, driving is the same.  The storyline plays out the same.  The major difference in gameplay is in the availability of side missions and other bonuses.  In the original game, if you bought all the DLC, there were certain side missions that you could farm endlessly to rank up and unlock abilities.  Likewise, there were ""red envelopes"" left around town at various parking garages, right out front.  You'd just run up, grab it, and suddenly have an extra $50K-100K to spend.  Both aspects have been changed.  The red envelopes still exist, but they're hidden away in places that can be a challenge to reach.  You have to do some puzzle solving to get to some of them, and they're far, far less obvious.  Of course, you can still make money through things like truck hijacking (once you unlock it), but that raises the second big change.Most of the side missions now unlock at different points in the game, after certain story events have happened.  This means that the actual progression through the game is a bit more challenging, and a bit more reasonably paced.   If memory serves, the original game allowed you to play the Martial Arts competitions only after you moved to the new neighborhood.  Now that's applied to basically all of the side missions.  So, the old Triad Highway mission isn't a repeatable thing that you can farm for Triad points.  It's a side mission that shows up occasionally at different points in the story.  In my opinion, that's neither better nor worse than before.  It's just different.  The game is still fun to play without being over-leveled.  On the other hand, you may prefer the freedom to upgrade with ease and buy whatever you want whenever (once you collect your red envelopes).  If that's the case, then you may prefer the original game and not care as much about the enhanced graphics."
76561198034174796,Recommended,307690,30454998,Posted: 11 March,all,erkenkripes,"Tiffany cheated on me and then dumped me for a fat guy in a white suit.Went to the karaoke bar and scored 95% on ""I'm All Out of Love""10/10"
76561197994655360,Recommended,307690,15156773,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Endymion,"A lot of pork buns. And beating people up with umbrellas or fish.Story is interesting and engaging, Missions are fun and there is plenty to do even if the map is not the biggest in the genre.Arkham Style Kung Fu combat mixed with shooting, car chases and nice DLCs. All the costume DLCs are included as well through a special vendor in the game.  The NPCs do sometimes smalltalk with each other which is often hillarious and full of clichées.The game did not receive the audience and publicity it deserved so this Edition is highly recommended for anybody who likes Saints Row and GTA in a different and interesting setting."
,Recommended,307690,16281265,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Haunted Evangelion VHS,"Where else can I break a man's leg, toss him face first into a furance and slap him with a fish?"
,Recommended,307690,14895100,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,j a c k,"Stole a car with a slim jim, got out of said car and was still holding the slim jim. Punched the air to see if slim jim is weapon. I drop the slim jim and it floats sideways in the air.Glitch/10"
,Recommended,307690,16104398,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Jeanicccxx,"15 gigs worth of download. One thing that bothers me, why need face level if Wei is awesome from the very start?"
76561197961909777,Recommended,307690,14458892,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,The Major,"This game was simply amazing, but even saying that doesn't do it justice.Pros:-Nice progression. You really notice how you're getting stronger and yet it's not too hard or easy to do go about doing-Great story. The story following Mr. Shen will have you guessing and is extremely immersive.-Music. The ambient music is very good quality and when driving cars/motorcycles the radio stations offer diverse types of music from Classical to Heavy Metal to Rap. Even Techno-esque dubstep type is in there.-The Combat is simply amazing. The gunplay is kinda meh due to slow-time, but the hand-to-hand fighting and melee combat is extremely rewarding and, to put it simply, makes you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥while doing it. Best part is the fighting doesn't look cheesey or anything like that either.-A serious game that throws jokes in at just the right timeCons:-While the character models and world models look pretty nice, the lip synching looked a little off-Stores look really fake due to them being a ""Wallpaper,"" and not an actual store. Still, can't complain too much due to it greatly reducing the amount of lag.-Some of the Context situations (Example: Shift to jump on a car rather then slide over it) can be clunky-Too short. I mean, I put 28.5 hours into the main story (There are dlc missions as well,) but I ran out of story... That counts as a bad thing, right?"
,Recommended,307690,16128464,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,brb flopping finals,"Good story line so far, amazing graphics!! Great selection of outfits. I love the mini tasks like hacking security cameras. Although combat move commands are quite complex to perform and remember, pretty nice gameplay.Though, what I dislike about it is that if I exit the game in the middle of a mission (that is already a checkpoint) and then return, I will appear in my safehouse instead of the place where my last progress is & the mission will restart and all the progress in between is lost."
,Recommended,307690,15790897,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,lundahl,GTA + Martial Arts + Hong Kong + Pork BunI can't ask for more than that.10/10 buy for pork bun
,Recommended,307690,16550275,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Macan,I like GSP outfits :D
,Recommended,307690,16818521,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,boku_baka,I love how I have endless supply of helmet on my pocket when riding a bike...
,Recommended,307690,26905806,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FlameHaze94,"The developers definitely did a lot of research into Hong Kong and Chinese culture and behaviors. Even if you aren't Chinese, you're sure to get 90% of the full experience. You won't be able to understand a few things, but the pure gameplay and storyline will be more than enough to sate you."
,Recommended,307690,24377379,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,The Sorcerer's Apprentice,I fought the law and the law won
,Recommended,307690,24407698,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ethanwdp,"I went up to a nice lady and punched her in the head, then I proceeded to shove her into a trunk and drove into a lake.10/10Also at some point I started playing Sleeping Dogs."
76561198121046364,Recommended,307690,13364500,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Mr. Hilter,"great  rerelease of my favorite game of all time with better graphics and better object, pedestrian and vehicle density and also new and better gameplay mechanics. 11/10 would buy again."
76561198022758490,Recommended,307690,13244910,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Moss,"This game is great. The story is intense and captivating, and the characters are dynamic and believable. It has a nice fighting system, which you can upgrade and add new moves. I have a few problems with the game; the shooting component could've been fleshed out a little more, the cover system could've been better, the cop missions are boring and otherwise skippable and there wasn't enough to do other then the main missions and some of the face missions. Would rate 8/10, like the romans."
,Recommended,307690,13357124,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,[G]ollywog,"Better than the original, more cars, more clothes and more events!"
,Recommended,307690,13287708,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Riku (VA),"If GTA did ANYTHING like this game, it still wouldn't compare to how amazing Sleeping Dogs is...let alone how well they capture the culture of Hong Kong (and dont have to make up a place to keep things interesting *GLARES*)"
76561198088234977,Recommended,307690,13318298,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,EpicSamurai,"This game is great and all, but there is a input delay on what i do and what i see, and before you say that its because of my pc dont, i have a top of the line PC and this delay is always there even when im playing on the lowest graphical settings. but yeah, still a good game and worth takeing a look at when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,307690,13288649,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Richard Cheese,"A well developed game. I was capable of running the game on the highest settings but wanted my GPU's to be more quiet so I had turned the graphical settings down; hense optimization was not an issue. The gameplay has minor bugs, but runs so smoothly. I could not get enough of the combat and action sequences. The story is nice as it causes you to see the goals of both sides, the Sun On Yee and the HKPD (Hong Kong Police Department). Definitely looking forward to the sequel coming out!"
,Recommended,307690,13618448,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Big Smoke,"It's a great title, just like the original , but with some stand-out graphical improvements. I'd reccomend buying SD:DE even if you had the original. Great title!"
76561198033780876,Recommended,307690,13751301,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,I TheRyno I,If you think Sleeping Dogs is just an asian GTA you would be right except that it is fantastic.  Playing as an undercover cop and having to balance your crime with your law enforcement just makes things infinatly better.
76561197972432900,Recommended,307690,13761485,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,watrmeln,"If you enjoy Hong Kong action films, you'll love this game!Let me preface this by saying that I'm usually not a big fan of GTA-style games.  What usually happens is that I spend the first hour trying to adapt to the funky console-ported controls and views, then get sidetracked on several repetitive missions, before finally getting stuck on an crucial plot-related mission and quitting in frustration.But this game is just GOOD!  First, the Sleeping Dogs world is immersive and believable.  You are constantly reminded that the story takes place in Hong Kong, beginning with the left-hand driving, to the street signs, language immersion (Cantonese), and the cultural cues (like Asian Pop).   The music is great and the action is fun.  Unlike the US, guns are illegal in Hong Kong and gun-violence is rare.  Most, but not all, of the action involves martial arts (generally button combos) and vehicle chases.Give this game a try!"
76561198076800381,Recommended,307690,13548013,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,CookieCrumble910,Overall a great game with an immersive storyline and gameplay. Counters are not made too op and driving has an amazing feel especially with a controller. I bet u could learn kung fu just by playing the game as the moves are solid and clear. :D
,Recommended,307690,13654083,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Valassi,"If you're a fan of the Grand Theft Auto games you'll like this although it places a huge emphasis on martial arts melee combat with a minimal amount of gunplay so take that into account.I loved the story, who doesn't enjoy an undercover cop trying to infiltrate the chinese Triad who starts to get attached to the people he's supposed to investigate while trying to do his duty. Wei Shen's inner conflict and moral decisions are clearly depicted throughout the game and the story could easily stand tall with any AAA Hollywood movie of the same genre, in large part due to its excellent voice acting.The gameplay itself is well done and enjoyable, with excellent kung fu moves to unlock as well as other character bonuses that you open up through a smart upgrade system that intergrates itself beautifully into the game. A bevy of diverse and entertaining side missions further complement the game, enabling you to stretch your gametime into dozens of hours if you're so inclined, especially if you take into account the multitude of collectibles that reward you with cool & interesting outfits, health upgrades and vehicles - I'm always more motivated to get all collectibles if they actually give you something in return, so it's nice to see that here.I also did not encounter a single bug throughout my 40+ hours of playtime, which is awesome.On a seperate note I'd skip the DLCs if you can, especially ""Year of the Snake"" as I found it to be so boring that I didn't manage to finish it. ""Nightmare in North Point"" however is a lot more fun, more so if you're into vampires (like I am) as we get to go up against Jiang Shi, China's version of vampires. One thing that kind of drove me crazy in the DLCs however is that you don't have full access to the martial arts moves from the campaign whether by design or possible bugs that never got fixed. Regardless of the reason I found this to be frustrating when coupled with the fact that the mini-map doesn't display selected driving routes as it does in the campaign so you're forced to consult the full-screen map quite often. This isn't as apparent in ""Nightmare in North Point"" as it is in ""Year of the Snake"" however.8.75/10"
76561198117525011,Recommended,307690,13672627,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ambertheghostdog,"This game was the most enjoyable experience I have ever had while playing a game. Everything about this game was SO prefect that I played it 2 days straight just to complete the story. I recommend this game to anyone who wants an intelligent and exciting game. There are no cons to this game as far as I'm concerned, expect that at some point, it must end.Pros:- Fun combat system- Not too over the top- Better than GTA (imo)- Characters are very likeable and relatable- Story is amazing- The setting is so immersive and realistic- You play as the most badass guy ever, but that's not his entire character- The cars are very easy to control and none are a bore to drive (unlike GTA)- Hommage to Martial Arts movies, like John Woo movies- My Favourite Game of All Time"
76561198112963545,Recommended,307690,13680102,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,☬dorb,"This game is amazing it blew my mind. It has excellent graphics, a great storyline, brutal fighting, and awesome character progression. I reccomend this game to people who like to feel like a badass and to people who love a great story. If you are one of those people then you should buy Sleeping Dogs."
,Recommended,307690,13696694,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Zer0GM0de.,"This game is exactly the same as the original just with a HD pack & lots of graphic fixes, lens focus and attention to detail. Not forgetting also additional expansion DLCs built into the game & online score keeping so you can compare your outcomes against friends.I'm not going into the details of the storyline because if you've played the original you should know what it's about if not then you'll experience the best Hong-Kong Triad themed game played in the 3rd Person view (similar to GTA & Saint's Row).Graphics: 8/10Sound: 8/10Music: 7/10Level Design: 8/10Re-play Value: 8/10Total score: 7.8/10"
76561198057075594,Recommended,307690,13802613,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,nhatminh,A must play open world gamethe story is very interesting and the gameplay is greatbest fighting combat system i have ever seen in any open world game everthe soundtrack is great toographics is also nice and give you a nice little virtual tour of Hong Kongonly complaint is that the driving is not very smoothi rate this game 9/10buy itp.s: the main game is amazing but the DLCs are lame
,Recommended,307690,13918273,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Ernbergler,"tl;dr:Sleeping Dogs is a superb open world action game that will make you feel like the star of a kung fu movie.Sleeping Dogs is one of my favorite open world games ever, I played it so much when it originally released and I was surprised how great the game actually was. All of the environments in Definitive Edition look beautiful especially when running on higher settings. The gun combat isn't bad but it's not really anything special, where Sleeping Dogs really shines is with the hand to hand combat. The fighting mechanics feel great and throughout the game you learn new fighting techniques to add to your arsenal. There are also several different environment takedowns you can preform that are brutal as they are awesome. Sleeping Dogs also allows you to free run and preform stunts all over Hong Kong. Where Sleeping Dogs took me by surprise the most is its story. In Sleeping Dogs you play as Wei Shen, a undercover cop tasked to infiltrate the Triads. The story is well written and all of the characters are intriguing. The story takes lots of twists and turns, is mostly action packed, and makes it harder for Wei to decide if he is more of a cop or more of a Triad as it progresses. Wei Shen is a fantastic protagonist, he is just a truely bad♥♥♥♥♥character, one of my favorite video game protagonists of all time for sure. While I'm at it I might as well say that all of the other main characters are great and well voiced too. There is always something to do in Sleeping Dogs; you can go do a mission for the Triads, do a police mission, help a stranger in need, participate in a race, participate in a fighting tournament, bet on a♥♥♥♥♥♥fight, go on a date, take out rival gangs, learn new fighting moves from the dojo, explore the world to find lock boxes, plus lots more and everything else you could expect from a open world sandbox action game. So in closing, Sleeping Dogs is a amazing game filled with action, narrative, and variety that I highly recommend to anyone who is even just a little interested in the game, it should pleasantly surprise you as it did to me. Sleeping Dogs is a hidden gem among open world games and one of the best open world games I have ever played."
,Recommended,307690,13933988,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,T8R,"I found GTAIV tedious, clunky, and boring. Sleeping dogs is the opposite of that. Extremely well polished all the way through. Smooth and satisfying gameplay. Awesome hand to hand combat mechanics. Just enough challenge to keep it fun without causing undue frusterations. Good story for a video game.I'm very picky about video games, and this hooked me for a week, start to finish."
,Recommended,307690,24229641,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Bufula,The game where bringing a knife to a fistfight isn't the best idea. Why stab when you can break knees instead?
,Recommended,307690,33001534,Posted: 29 June,all,Rumpudge,Nice game
76561198254747797,Recommended,307690,31558208,Posted: 5 May,all,KamikazeKoala,it is an amzing game you get to be asian james bond in a gta like game!!!!!!! (which is a good thing)
,Recommended,307690,27383226,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ComradeCosmos,"This is a fun game but lacks polish. Every element is fun, but you can't help feeling that if the feature was given a few more months it would be perfect. That being said once everything comes together it's still a pretty fun game so I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,307690,27578386,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,rufusdufus,One of my Favourite games ever and poor old Winston is desperately in need of a hug !
,Recommended,307690,21823454,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sam Axe,"A fun ride in the Streets of Hong Kong. The Story unfolds like a classic Hong Kong Martial Arts/Police Drama. While the Gameplay may not be as refined as some if its counterparts it is still fun and well worth the money, especially when it is reduced price.To run it on Windows 10 I had to create a Windows 8 Compatibility shortcut and disable Touch Keyboard and Handwriting panel Service."
76561198288829926,Recommended,307690,28846421,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MOx,Pretty good. Great combat system. You should get this if you don't have GTA
,Recommended,307690,33115903,Posted: 1 July,all,Wesbot,"I got a S.W.A.T uniform and a police bike now i drive to my undercover police missions with a siren blazing dressed in full riot gear, they dont suspect a thing.10/10"
,Recommended,307690,14805983,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Spiritsong,"I would recommend this, if you've been trying to find something that's GTA-ish, or if you're looking for something that's like ""Stranglehold"".In some ways, this game reminds me of what you do in GTA, but the premise of being an undercover cop, in Hong Kong.If you're somewhat influenced by the late 90s' Hong Kong ""gangster"" movies, e.g ""Young & Dangerous"", or some of John Woo's movies like ""Hard Boiled"" (the one with Chow Yun Fatt), you'll see the similarities quickly.In fact, I look at this game very similarly to ""Stranglehold"" (which is derived from the movie ""Hard Boiled"") and you'll probably look at this game the same way I did, just more tuned borrowing concepts from GTA, except Stranglehold was a FPS, and GTA doesn't have anything to do with Hong Kong, yet."
76561198029016436,Recommended,307690,24361150,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,AlarmedGibbon,"I got completely sucked into this game, and proceeded to beat the s*** out of it.Hong Kong looked amazing!Martial arts simulator, but with a lot of GTA style gameplay included as wellBuy it now!"
,Recommended,307690,13681047,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fitroni,"Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition,,I like it..open world like GTA series and Saint Row series"
,Recommended,307690,34247073,Posted: 14 August,all,Seer,I had played the game a long time ago and had forgotten how great it is. It has a really good story and the world on which you move is really well made. So far I really like this game. Definetly recomend it if you like martial arts and open world games.
,Recommended,307690,35190124,Posted: 24 September,all,Nem Twohands,"9/10Amazing combat which is easy to just look like a badass, yet has depth so you can roundhouse like Chuck Norris and throw them into a ice chipper, similarly to lack of better words, ice chipper. The cars are the most baddass of any game, twin miniguns, emp, armor and the speed of a supercar, its pretty much the batmobile, or just hijack a tuk tuk and when you see a sweet ride on the rode you can jump on the back whilst in the middle of a high speed chase. The gunplay is awesome lots of slow motion. The story is funny at times and at other times a tale of rival gangs. There is so much content, a large detailed world with lots of buildings and such to explore. Once I was exploring the seas surrounding the map and found a entire dlc island where you participate in a mortal combat style contest where you jump over a chasm. I have completed this game twice already and im sure I have missed alot, I will be sure to replay this and you should buy this."
,Recommended,307690,35188208,Posted: 24 September,all,Chicken Tenders,"Honestly it's right up there with the best sandbox games like gta 5, san andreas, saints row 2, and mafia 2.Great combat, Shooting similar to max payne 3, and a great story that really makes you care about his characters.10 out of 10 would buy for 8 dollars again"
,Recommended,307690,24160466,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ocsalev,"Great game, 40+ hours of fun.Pros:* Outstanding voicework: Will Yun Lee does an excellent work as the protagonist Wei Shen* Setting: Hong Kong, ’nuff said* Combat: controls are responsive and you get to feel like Bruce Lee* Soundtrack: varied and atmospheric songs that support the storytelling/gameplay, there are also some funny karaoke moments* Main missions and side quests: there are no fillers, the quests never seem like chores and you can conduct the campaign on your own paceCons:* Erratic driving cam: it takes a lot of time getting used to (if you get used at all), but it’s a minor flaw"
,Recommended,307690,35197951,Posted: 25 September,all,Circuit Moon,"Brought back memories from when I was a console peasant and I couldn't even afford to buy this game so I used to replay the demo xDI was just a kid just blazing through his childhood playing games with not a ♥♥♥♥ to give to the world :')Good times, good times :)Got sidetracked, I know. Just like I get when playing this game ;-;"
76561198162135295,Recommended,307690,35206932,Posted: 25 September,all,:3,Ever wanted to play a game that has:1. Parkour like Dying light.2. Fighting system like prototype but has animations like Mortal Kombat.3. Epic highjacking like in Saint's Row4. A big city map like in GTA only this time it's in Hong Kong.5. Missions that actually make sense.6. Psycholgical point of view on how stress affects a human person.7. Modernized graphics8. Martial Arts9. Hacking on CCTV cameras to arrest people.10. Randomly karate kick people just because you feel like it.THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!!!P.S: Camera is kinda weird but it adjusts accordingly. Just give it time. UPGRADE those video cards!!!Another P.S: If you think a cop got you in this game but in reality you got him.
76561198205143091,Recommended,307690,35219230,Posted: 26 September,all,Götesson =DD #ÄktaD5,"probably the best spent 4.49 € i spent in my life, the game is amazing"
76561197984803387,Recommended,307690,33154121,Posted: 2 July,all,PapaFoxtrot-Qc,"This game is great. Super imersive, great story line, great charaters. One of the best hand to hand combat I have ever played (close second to Oni).  Totally worth a buy, especially for 6 bucks."
76561198031879798,Recommended,307690,35221026,Posted: 26 September,all,Sickey Souse,"Firstly right off the bat this game is absolutely amazing it completely took me by surprise i would even go as far as saying its better than GTA in most aspects. The story is amazing, the combat is excellent, the graphics are great for a 2014 game the list goes on and on. when i got this i couldnt stop playing it although there are few minor bugs here and there it definitely should not put you off and the two free DLCs that are included in the definitive addition arent must haves but there certainly a nice touch. I got this game on an 80% off sale and its definitely the best value for money ive got on a deal i would happily pay full price for this game but if its on a sale even better ! this is a must have and i would highly reccomend"
76561198035020169,Recommended,307690,35226959,Posted: 26 September,all,Yosh™,"This game is great. With its current sale at $4.50, its a not brainer ."
,Recommended,307690,33422000,Posted: 9 July,all,---,The Asian GTA. Too bad the sequel never happened.
,Recommended,307690,35217332,Posted: 26 September,all,Spit Facts,"I bought this game on sale for $4.49.I finished it three days later after playing for 12 hours.Best $4.50 ever.Do yourself a favour and don't buy csgo keys, buy this."
,Recommended,307690,35235457,Posted: 26 September,all,deadw0od,"its a nice game! totaly whort to buy it even whit full price, if you like a sandbox games whit crime  vibes, i do think  its even better then GTA. player can even sing karaoke,  and do many others activites  in game."
76561197996384693,Recommended,307690,22023598,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,1st_Warlord,"Great Game with a great story line!My opinions regarding the game:You have to remember that you are in Hong Kong and they do drive on the left. Especially when you are not used to have cars go on the left but on the right in real life. How many times have I crossed the road to be plowed from behind? A mystery because I lost count after 100+.I understand there are so many insurance frauds in the real world, but driving on the road and the car in front slams the brakes a great majority of the time for no reason gets frustrating.The driving game camera could be better controlled especially when you need to reverse fast and move forward. The camera view becomes a real pain when it whips around when you get stuck with the car.Should have a setting to select the radio station you wished to be default for your game or another option is to be able to add your own music folder as a radio station like GTA would be awesome.A fast way to make a lot of money in the game, is to use ""Tran"" car mini-quests from the cellphone. Can make a great deal of money in a short time, of course depended on the cars you obtain until completed all the requests.A few other odd little annoyances like in all other games and that is it, it’s just a game but great game.A trick for achieving the Social Hub “Gambler”:If you go into “Statistics”, then “Completion”, it will show you the “Overall net gambling performance”. The stat tracker in the Social Hub will only take into account the highest of your overall performance has ever been and not what it is currently. The one in Social Hub will never go lower if you go on a losing streak, so you have to look into the “Statistics”, then “Completion”, will show you the “Overall net gambling performance” to find out.This is why it isn't increasing in the Social Hub section. In “Statistics”, I was at -$24 500 for my Overall net performance, even though in Social Hub was stating that I had maximum of $215 000.Follow the tips found online on so many sites in regards of achieving this by saving the game on wins and reload when you lose. Took about 30 minutes to accomplish this by reloading when was at North Point, walk until can grab a taxi to the vehicle store at the dock in Kennedy; steal the car behind when out of the taxi to drive the remaining section to the Kennedy ^Rooster fight.Still a great game to play and challenging to try to obtain all the achievements!P.S. the *Rooster was supposed to be written KCOC <- written backwards, but it gets censored!"
,Recommended,307690,35381080,Posted: 1 October,all,Accelerator(Sentinal),"Well i should have played it earilier. The story was brilliantly executed as hong kong police going undercover as gang member of Sun On Yee, the one similar to hongkong police film. Play style and world is similar to mafia 2 sandbox but the action and combat is quite different. Sleeping dog put martial art in a very good and meaning fighting style along side with necessary chase sequence and gun shoots. The open world is based on hong kong environment that means it included drugs, ♥♥♥♥♥s, blood and gores with element of surprise twist in story line. Sleeping dog Story  is more or less better than average sandbox game and worth your time, parkour and free running is similar to watch dog but here hacking is more realistic as a police. Although DLCs will not likely to please you so don't bother to try. Music and FM are asian taste well suited as i got listening these tracks on taxi here so Its a solid 8 out of 10 for overall game experience."
,Recommended,307690,35359586,Posted: 30 September,all,MsBehavin,"I cannot believe something this wonderful is less than $5 at the time of this review. Bought it a couple days ago and already have 15 hours in. The story is engaging, the combat is bad♥♥♥♥♥ the soundtrack and enviornment really make you feel like you are immersed in Hong Kong / chinese culture, the side conversations can be absolutely hilarious, there's a lot of freedom to diverge from the storyline, and the characters feel REAL. This is just an overall amazing game. More than worth it to buy, especially on sale."
,Recommended,307690,35368018,Posted: 1 October,all,N3ktar1osBoi,Overall a great game. The only problem i have is the camera being a little wonky sometimes and the driving.
,Recommended,307690,35251701,Posted: 27 September,all,LiquidWater,ya money man
,Recommended,307690,35412788,Posted: 2 October,all,Aurerius,9/11
,Recommended,307690,14597877,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,lil' tamagatchi,"Like a reviewer stated before, if you thoroughly enjoyed the original. It is worth rebuying this Definitive version. There is a noticable difference between the two. I am currently playing through the game and very pleased with the purchase."
,Recommended,307690,13166381,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,janoszen,"First of all, let me say, this game looks freaking awesome. If you have the horsepower to run it, that is. Otherwise you are going to be stuck with something not quite as awesome.Pros/cons:+ Awesome graphics+ Overall strong storyline with occasional weak points.+ Strong gameplay, strong fighting mechanics- No real consequence (moral or otherwise) of choices, linear storyline- Weak gunplay- Sometimes inresponsive controls- Single button for everything (freerun,climb,etc). Goddamit. It's annoyingRecommendation: Get it if you like GTA-style games."
76561198042883446,Recommended,307690,13573695,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Alpacalypse,One of the best games I've played so far ~
,Recommended,307690,13624138,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Toast Malone,"Very nice game, like a Asian style GTA. Has, in my opinion, a much better story then gta. Combat is engaging,while not being overly comlex. Its combat is almost like a improved version of the Arkham games style.r8 9/10"
76561198090286028,Recommended,307690,13754340,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Finna Suck Ya Toes,"Plot twist, there are no ""Sleeping Dogs"" in this game."
76561198082866289,Recommended,307690,32936982,Posted: 28 June,all,aromatic2121,Best martial arts open world game to date.
,Recommended,307690,28428083,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sober Mans Secret,"Seriously underated gem of an open wolrd game. Well worth a look if you fancy some kung-fu♥♥♥♥♥whipping. Great story lines, game mechanics and graphics are spot on.HIYAAA!!!"
,Recommended,307690,14993848,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,loganjamesalex,Be the good guy in a Kung Fu movie and become the biggest badass in Hong Kong while doing it. 9/10 because of frustrating glitches in a couple side quests
,Recommended,307690,25606794,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Jacket,The only time where I had fun 100%-ing an open world game.
76561198113268585,Recommended,307690,13872275,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Banditos Way,"i never played the original sleeping dogs so i didn't know what to expect when i bought this. all i can say is wow what a great story, i feel so connected to all the main characters especially the triad guys. i just witnessed my friend being massacred on his wedding day and the hate i feel now is as if it was my real life brother was killed and now i wish to cause a very slow and painful death upon the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that did it. the graphics are beautiful hong kong looks so real it so easy to get immersed into the game. My 780ti is cranking out over 100fps with the graphics set to extreme. I would recommend this game to everyone, the side missions are fun , the in game fighting and driving mechanics are good and who doesn't like doing a running jump kick on someone. oh and the soundtrack is perfect.i give this game a 11/10 on the polock rating scale"
76561198149913295,Recommended,307690,13582417,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LuckyOtter,"This game is awesome in general.  Now that is has better graphics, it feels much more real.  The melee combat is good but i hate pressing E to counter and the camera sucks."
,Recommended,307690,19210353,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,_NeverGrow,Pork buns truly are a Wei of life.
76561198047752428,Recommended,307690,31539875,Posted: 4 May,all,topace88,"Excellent Story line.  Excellent Game Mechanics.  The empasis on Martial Arts instead of Guns added depth.The open world is not as large or realistic as GTA 5, but still very good.I strongly recommend.Warning, it took me a little while to warm up to it, but once I did, it was well worth it.Full native triple screen eyefinity support."
,Recommended,307690,14561300,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Cyda,"Very good game. I'm a big GTA fan and I'd actual say I enjoyed this more than GTA 4. Good combat, good story and it looks & runs great."
,Recommended,307690,32245371,Posted: 7 June,all,xBraZen,fun game although it does get kinda get repetitive.
,Recommended,307690,35219707,Posted: 26 September,all,i write sins not tragedies,now add multiplayer.
,Recommended,307690,35157445,Posted: 23 September,all,KaiBR,"100% it on PS4, just haven't got around to playing it on PC. A great game. definitely worth the price.- Great, emotional story.- Nice location.- Sometimes funny.- In a sense you feel as though Wei Shen is really genuine."
,Recommended,307690,27603655,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scarlette,but you dogs cant sleep in this game
,Recommended,307690,27378851,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FriedCheeto,"Its a mixture of GTA's amazing open world and Saints Row choatic action, so whats not to like."
76561198146224670,Recommended,307690,35178460,Posted: 24 September,all,Mr Andy The Handy,Great game. Perfect if you like being chinese and/or kicking things vigorously.Wouldn't rate the driving mechanics though.
,Recommended,307690,12428860,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Mitchykins (ミッチキンズ),It's a pretty great sandbox game with a cool look and vast environment to play around inToo bad my computer likes shutting off when it's being pushed to the limit
,Recommended,307690,28645080,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,December Man,"Amazing game.It is a ""would be"" True Crime game. For comparison, other games in this series are very mediocre. Not Sleeping Dogs, though. This one could easily go toe to toe with the big fish like GTA.Also sports the best car in a game I've seen. A crossover of the Knight Rider and a James Bond car.The cons are negligible. The camera spazzes out occasionally, especially when performing Action Hijacks. The GPS can be a load of crap sometimes. In addition, money isn't a problem at all, unless you go for a completionist playthrough and want to buy all the cars and clothes. The main story DLCs are great, but very short (from around 40 minutes to 3 hours to complete). Also, they are significantly less serious in tone compared to the base game, which might be a drawback for some people.That's all the cons I could think of."
,Recommended,307690,12526603,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,MuscleTec  [German],"Hello people. Since last night i finished the game in the Definitive Edition. This Edition is so fantastic and with the higher resolution a real beauty of a Game.  The whole Game was so amazing. The Story, the Life in the Streets, the Cutscenes. I loved the game since the 5 min. of gameplay. People, buy this new edition. It`s a masterpiece. Can`t wait for more and the Multiplayer version Triad Wars. ""Triadwars.com""I made a little Video with the recordings of my Gameplay. You can watch it and will see what i mean when i say MASTERPIECE--http://youtu.be/RFA6-eZ0o34"
,Recommended,307690,13598624,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,capedhamster,There really is no reason not to get this game.Its brilliant.
76561198077025018,Recommended,307690,13791942,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"It's hard not to draw comparison to the more popular Grand Theft Auto, but it still exceeds at being it's own thing.Sleeping Dogs takes place in Hong Kong and the map is about as big as GTA IV.You can traverse the map how you like: By Car, Bike, Foot, Boat.The biggest difference from GTA is that this is a more brawler-melee oriented game.You learn and practice martial arts to take down your enemies - you find melee weapons and firearms in certain locations.You play as an undercover cop who has a job to infiltrate the Triads and take them down from the inside.I don't know if you're aware of gangster life, but this♥♥♥♥♥♥is gritty and intense.Definitely one of the most immersive storylines of 2012.You have three reputations to choose to uphold: Cop, Triad and Face.You earn Cop by doing Cop missions, Triad by Triad missions, and Face by doing favors on the street.There is plenty to do so you will never be bored: Drag Races, Underground Fight Clubs, Murder Mysteries to solve - the game engine does an A+ job at making Hong Kong feel alive.12/10________________________________________________________________________________PERSONAL EXPERIENCE:I ran down the street in my Sun Wukong outfit and some jerk hit me with his SUV.I hijacked the nearest bike, caught up with him, stood on it's seat and jumped onto the hood of the SUV.I opened the driver-side door and threw my newly sworn enemy onto the rocky gravel below me to his death.I drove into the sunset, satisfied with my new SUV.I drove the SUV into the Ocean.I am the Emperor of Hong Kong.Don't ♥♥♥♥ with the Emperor."
,Recommended,307690,13875430,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Apostle The Fraud,"And I'm back on my grindA psychic read my lifelineTold me in my lifetimeMy name would help light up the Chicago skylineAnd that's what I'mSeven o'clock, that's primetimeHeaven'll watch, God calling from the hot linesWhy he keep giving me hot linesI'm a star, how could I not shineHow many ladies in the houseHow many ladies in the house without a spouseSomething in your blouse got me feeling so arousedWhat you aboutOn that independent♥♥♥♥♥♥Trade it all for a husband and some kidsYou ever wonder what it all really meanYou ever wonder if you'll find your dreams"
,Recommended,307690,13699576,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Zach,9/10not enough dogs sleeping
,Recommended,307690,24325903,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,DessDessert,It has an amazing storyline with great voice acting and character development. It is one of my favourite games due to the many different characters that you meet and the plot twists that happen as you progress through the game.I'd have to give it a 9/10
,Recommended,307690,29642843,Posted: 1 February,all,Ty 哈,"Sleeping Dogs is easily one of the most underrated games of the genre.+ Nice graphics+ Very resembling atmosphere of real life Hong Kong+ Nice variety of weapons and vehicles+ Fun missions+ Nice DLCs- No POV options, the camera is a little too close to the character- Very annoying Chinese pronunciation at times. Imagine a game this well made, they still can't get the simple pronunciations right? To some of us it really is bothering.All in all a very nice game with very few minor flaws.8.5/10"
76561198178560965,Recommended,307690,18356500,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,9games,"Finish the game and all achievment, this is my short reviewGreat graphicsGreat storyGreat fighting system"
,Recommended,307690,35204371,Posted: 25 September,all,evinton,a heartbreaking story of a japanese american surviving in an internment camp 1941-1945
,Recommended,307690,26908254,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jemburosu,how to be handsome?just help each other
76561198059740626,Recommended,307690,12429525,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Silimus,"PLAYING THIS ON A REALLY GOOD 3D TV AND OMG ITS AMAZING, dont se much improvement tbh other than this one works without crashing and the 3d does really hurt my eyes after a while but other than tht its the same as the original but slightly better graphics :) for £10 i think its a deal tbhDecided to play this game properly now and it still has the crashing problem :( which is wierd because i have a good computer and the same happened to the other where hkship.exe stopped working, but when i can play this game, its really good tbh, its like they made gta china town lmao, but good.The 3d feature is amazing, but for somereason it wont go 3d again, bit upset as its my first 3d game, but the graphics make up thtoverall after my notes id say this game is a 7.5/10 8.5 if it stopped crashing and 3d worked again."
,Recommended,307690,12420334,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,RomireOnline,Its a very good game that has been updated and looks simply amazing!
,Recommended,307690,23358681,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Yukari Yakumo,"GTA5 vs Sleeping DogsSleeping dogs are really worth than GTA5Grand Theft Auto 5 Features only:-New weapons-Add mods for weapons-Balanced Driving-And realisticGrand Theft Auto 5 Negative Features:-Resist to Explosive-Burgershot,Cluckin Bell,Etc Are removed-No date-No hangout-No Parkour-NPC's Easily died, by pushing or hit 1 time.-Bad Ragdoll, also gta4 can resist ragdoll-Rude people, also automatic fight for no reason-Stand in front police for nothing can get arrested for no reason-1 shot, got caught by cops-Hacker multiplayers, HACKER EVERYWHERE!!!!Sleeping Dogs:Awesome Fighting StyleGreat StorylineThere's no game in hong kong like this, and speaking chinese or mandarin languageExperience CombatBeautiful CityCan buy some foodSleeping dogs Negative:There's no gun store"
,Recommended,307690,12418945,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Allan Gordon,Best gta w/e there is. I will kung fu over using guns and user a motorcyle over a car.
76561197980210376,Not Recommended,307690,16028266,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Barna,"it didn't crash yet...a thing that annoys me it's the full controller support (it's not true!!!!!!!!)I've played sleeping dogs in a pc of a friend and its much better, I tried my controller and it works!!!The skin and light shaders are much better!!!!I'm thinking if it's possible to trade this bad version of sleeping dogs (defenitive edition) for the first edition. Or even make a downgrade. I don't think they don't fix the bad skin textures and controller issues....I've unnistalled it, don't worth my money or my effort to try to play a bad upgrade!don't buy it...."
76561198061306391,Recommended,307690,13484756,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dj Nasty Nate,I had this game on Xbox back when it first came out and loved it. Saw it on sale for 15 bucks and said why the ♥♥♥♥ not. If you like GTA games you will love this game.
76561198046420242,Recommended,307690,13800761,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Tagerian,"great game, great story, decent fighting mechanics. There isn't much that can get in this games way... until they added weapons, of course thugs will use them but what sucks is u can dodge/counter effectively. I don't mean that the weapons do a lot of damage or anything, but the dodging mechanic itself is bugged for the weapons, if a thug has a weapon he's going to smack your face even if u hit dodge waaaaay faster than the game can read it apparently, and then adding a weapons only minigame... self torture can be your thing creators not mine, avoid all minigames that even close to suggest a blade. 3/5"
76561198016474624,Recommended,307690,12450488,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,whitedragonking!!!!,If any one was worried this game is not only a HD revamp. There are also some added content. Little red bags of cash. New cop missions and they got rid of the crap lock on system so combat is smoth. The performance has been improved as well!Before on the original I had to run minimum setings which tanked hard core when on a driving mission. Now I am on medium setings with some slownes but I can still have great control while driving very fast. There is also a cool setting where you can control the amount of cars and people in the city. Lower it for performance and you should be fine if your runing a low end laptop like me. For its price and all the DLC content in it I think its very worth the buy. Defenly get it if you never tryed it before. There are a TON of things to do in this game. Charaters in the game are memorable. Story is great.
76561198118104045,Recommended,307690,30484852,Posted: 12 March,all,(∩ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)⊃- - >,nice
,Recommended,307690,21298416,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Pippo,"Got a hit by mop from older woman, grab her, put her into the car trunk, find nearest telephone box, pull her out from the trunk, smash her into telephone box.10/10 totally do it again!"
,Recommended,307690,17245066,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,LN-Jeck™ ☕,"Pros:+Intelligent combat system+Nice driving mechanics (for cars, buses and boats)+Car chases are very fun (unless there racing and there just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥drivers)+Graphics are good+Good inspiring story+Likeable characters+Good experience system+Destructible environment+Good voice acting+Full of contentCons-Some performance issues-Antialiasing always enabled-The motorcycle driving isn't very good, message me if you want details on why this is"
,Recommended,307690,27695845,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Capacitor MODE = bae,Better than GTA imo
,Recommended,307690,21624915,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,PTHD,"After 100%'ing the game I think I can write a fair review of this game!This game is actually fantastic. Like GTA but in Hong Kong and more focused on melee.Pros:-Great story-Very good melee combat system-Good dialogue-Amazing in-game radio-Lots of content-Very good bang for your buck when on sale-Beatiful world, scenery and lighting-Lots of collectibles and vehicles-All DLC includedCons:-No planes-Some side missions can get a bit repetitive-Vehicle control is kind of dodgy-Sometimes GPS gives you wrong directions-Gun play isn't greatOverall I think this game is a must for any open-world fan or any gamer to be honest.8/10"
,Recommended,307690,23854710,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,гидрогеназы,Hong Kong GTA. 10/10
,Recommended,307690,16613288,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Masstaden,"Amazing storyline that keeps you playing, beautiful graphics featuring HK, great gameplay with Kung Fu fighting, fantastic music (after completing the game I've purchased the soundtrack too).Some minor bugs here and there but nothing too big.One of the best games I've ever played!You won't regret buying this one.10/10 !"
76561197994667318,Recommended,307690,16591271,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,-={+coppertail+}=-,"Two weeks ago, log in eagerly and hope for a certaingameto haveahonest and genuine sale.Two weeks later, log in everyday and play Sleeping Dogs."
,Recommended,307690,16528985,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Xenkoi,Good Game..But It has no cheat.And the DLC is not avaivle on (DEFINITVE EDITION)But i like this game.is funny.for real.yesh.really real.8/10
76561198178389383,Recommended,307690,27781838,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,EnemyArtist8199,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ so i just ♥♥♥♥ing cried cause the game is now over! i loved the game so much it was an amazing story, the f grabbing finishers were creative i love this game with all my heart this is my favorite game ever. The story is funny, full of action, and super sad. I also love the dlc's of the game.I just love this game so much. plz make a sleeping dogs two. I was so supprised at the ending. i was so sad. SO MUCH PROPS FOR THE VOICE ACTOR OF THE MAIN CHARACTER. The wethar was awesome and it was so amazing how the city looked. The fog and rain were amazing. I hope the sleeping dogs 2 if it comes out, will be even more amazing. or az amazing. al tho i have 15 hours on the game, i just still love the ♥♥♥♥ing game with all my heart. The aspect were you become the leader is rlly awesome. I will do anything to ♥♥♥♥ing get another sleeping dogs.  no joke, i cried for 5 min after. Again the character was amazing and the actor rlly did play him right. and btw when i say actor i mean voice actor. I hope there are no ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S WHO SAY THIS GAME IS BAD! IT IS THE BEST GAME EVER MADE!  i will spend 1000 dollars on it. I hope u all get this game and be happy. I LOVE U SLEEPING DOGS!!!!!!"
76561198063970143,Recommended,307690,17103978,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,fractaldecay,"the game's unique and dense environment of hong kong and good story will leave you hooked on this game with so much to do for a while. With Impressive voice actors and fun gameplay, this is a must have among fans of GTA, Saints Row, or open world RPGs in general.4.5/5"
,Recommended,307690,30532316,Posted: 15 March,all,PhoenixDawg,Jackie Chan is Angry: Definitive Edition
,Recommended,307690,30564102,Posted: 16 March,all,W I D,"Really enjoy the kungfu in this game, that makes this game different than other open world and action games"
76561198104144117,Recommended,307690,18589913,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Celenheim,"this game is amazing game, it's worth to buy it"
76561198106856887,Recommended,307690,14348070,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Habomir,"Grand Theft Auto meets Batman: Arkham Asylum. One of the best games I've ever played, and for sure one of my favorites of all time. One flaw off the top of my head would be that it can take a minute to get used to driving the vehicles (especially motorcycles), but once you do, it's all good."
,Recommended,307690,15000789,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Das,"After 90 hours and having earned 100% completion I can say that this game is in my top 10. I personally loved the storyline, and all the side content was enough to keep me going for hours, the driving was smooth, guns were fun; but it was refreshing to play a game where they were not the main focus. Fighting was absolutley amazing. Without a doubt a must buy!"
76561198140772818,Recommended,307690,16661805,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Under Water Shot,"loved the gameespically all the extra things after u complete the storythe dlc offers new missions like the zodiac tournament (martial arts fights) , and the year of the snake (cops)"
76561198003292839,Recommended,307690,24432370,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,FLKttn,"Definetly an overlooked gem of a game.It's GTA meets Arkham, with a cheesy kung-fu flick setting.Lots to do and a ton of fun."
,Recommended,307690,12441885,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,WyzAntz,"Very nice open world game, Great story that pulls you in and wonders what is going to happen next. Only thing that is a little bad is the combat. The with guns it is farirly standard but the hand-to-hand tries to be like Arkham but reaction time can be a little off when you see the indicatior. Beyond that I would recomend this game to anyone who is a fan of the GTA style of game."
,Recommended,307690,12432046,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Potitoman,"The original Sleeping Dogs was a hidden gem of a game, this version adds more polish and turns it into jewel.Atmospheric effects, moving elements which were originally static, improved character models for NPCs and a lot, lot more people walking around.If you never played Sleeping Dogs, get it!If you already have it, it is difficult to say if you think there is value to this edition, but I think there is, and I'm certainly not regretting my purchase."
,Recommended,307690,12517356,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,KaiyokenAS,"This game is amazing. I've never owned a PS3 when the game came out but i got a PC almost a year ago. I was going to get the original on PC but I realized within a few days the Definitive Edition was going to be released. I just Pre-Ordered and got this instead.Thus far the game is AMAZING and i am in love with the graphics. I have an AMD card so it helps run the game. The HD Textures make the game look all the more amazing and the DLCs implemented into the game were added into it so naturally.If you guys haven't gotten the game on PS3 or PC yet, if you haven't bought it yet. I suggest to give it a shot. The game is great and although some people found the story to be pretty ""generic"" seeing as you can already see what the story will lead up to, I got it with the mind set of ""I get to be a part of a Martial Arts Action Flick"". Love the game and I hope others will get the game as well. If you've already gotten the game before though there really is no need considering it's almost exactly the same."
76561198122175671,Recommended,307690,12619134,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Will_Liim370,"I agree with Z3R0Dyne , i have 2 bad Ai scene~one is the chase Siu Wah scene~i already got it and cutscene has play~than when the cutscene end~suddenly i get Mission Failed cause Siu Wah injured~i say What The Hell ??? but this is not important~in case i found some interesting and quite funny too yesterday when i play some side missions for bad Ai scene~you guys must be play before right the Tiffany cheat on us right ? the place where we plant the bug under the public phone ~ ok the interesting news happen now~so i plant the bugs at the public phone and when Tiffany talking to the phone~we sit at the bench near the phone right ? Than suddenly one taxi go crash the Public Phone that Tiffany was using ~ than end up Mission FAILED AGAIN ! Due to ? I DESTROY THE PHONE ??? i would say WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ AGAIN ??? XD at this point i dont know i should laugh or cry seriously xD"
,Recommended,307690,17021028,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,CUA Bingo,I cried
,Recommended,307690,16589568,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,newbie,"nice game, nice graphicIt's like GTA in China, but with nice hand fightingbut i doesn't like the race, it's hard to control the vehicle"
,Recommended,307690,16480167,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,AllGamer,"Cool story, it's like watching a movie :Dor rather it's like they converted a movie into the game.It's fun if you like martial marts, street gangs, and that sort of stuff."
,Recommended,307690,23654188,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ZakGreybeard,"Not much to say that hasn't already been said, but after having had basically no exposure to this game, I picked it up on a Steam sale based on the positive response it was getting - and well, now it sits on the list as one of the best games I have played.The awesome driving/racing, side quests, leveling, martial arts fighting, collectables etc. etc. make this story-driven action game a must play for any fan of the genre. The comparison with GTA is understandable, but the games are quite different and I personally preferred this to GTA V (although that too was an incredible game).Play this, you'll likely be surprised at just how much you enjoy it."
,Recommended,307690,18977114,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,SO|-||_O,"This is pretty musch Grand Theft Auto Asia so put quite simply you should buy it and play it. Runs smooth, big map, great story."
,Recommended,307690,19015079,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,arthurstaal,"Does everything gta does, only better."
,Recommended,307690,16113100,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,MooX,"Sleeping dogs is a very good GTA-like, with a nice combat system and most of all a very attractive background. Hong Kong city and culture are very well represented and finding all the cantonese bad words in the game is a real pleasure for me. The story is well written, like in the classic HK Police movies. The new edition of the game brings better graphics that are really enjoyable."
76561198114429390,Recommended,307690,19024315,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Stan-Lee,The game is sick
,Recommended,307690,16048170,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,BrokeMan,the game is good but my fps go down it keep me lag i can't playplz fix it
,Recommended,307690,16835860,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Swenyspeed,Can't believe that I didn't play it when it originally came out.  I picked it up on a steam sale recently and am so glad I did.  It's been awesome for my Let's Play channel and a ton of fun to play.  I wish more games had a similar fighting system to this one.  5/5
,Recommended,307690,17485499,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,IZO,i like this game very much
,Recommended,307690,16942210,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ExEye,"Sum up this game in two words, Asain GTA.Amazing game, I would highly recommend picking this one up.Pros+-Good graphics-Fun DLC-Great storyline-Fun side missionsCons--The default controls are a bit dodgy, (ie left ctrl right ctrl in upgrades menu)-Camera Can bug out quite a bitConclusionGreat game, If you can pick it up in a sale do so. 9/10"
,Recommended,307690,13443700,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Dr. Mutha Fuckin Derrick,seriously you all need this game it has every thing someone who loves grandtheft auto would want plus the story is pretty well thought out with the fun twist of kung fu thrown in to keep you on your toes i enjoy the game very much the down side is not much gun play but the fighting style in the game really makes guns look stupid and rediculous (sorry abount my grammer to busy playing this game to care)
,Recommended,307690,12439654,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Remurr,"Wow!I should say that I haven't played Sleeping Dogs first-issue, and can't judge how much it changed (or not).. But, what i saw here, like seeing totally new game, is much better than GTA IV. Can't compare to GTA V cause I haven't got (and don't like) console and haven't played it yet.I always thought that GTA is unique and I love this whole series from the time when it was 2d, you know. And now.. Sleeping Dogs.. Wow..Its really well done - fighting system is fascinating! I really like how its is animated, how it is feels and the difficulty is perfect tuned for me. Every fight you can win without spending 999 tries like in Dark Souls, but if you relax a bit and go casual style - you lose - its just perfect!Second - I like the car physics - its way better than in GTA IV. Also a small detail - traffic goes left handed in HongKong - it is a trifle, but I don't know why it fascinates me. Feels so fresh :)Also I really like China spirit and have not much respect for American one. Yes - they all gangsters in both games, but Americans feels so empty and dumb, and Chinesse.. they have history much bigger than ours and it matters.What more to say.. I really happy that I found this game and will go continue playing ^_^P.S. I haven't completed or even played much yet, but I realized that I want to go here and write the review immediately!"
,Recommended,307690,12498345,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dronez,"Okay so i've got Sleeping Dogs, and i came in expecting a somewhat NEW game since this is my first time buying a ""remake"" edition or whatever they call it.  The game is fun, if you don't have the actual game yet then get this 100% However, if you've already got the game, completed the game or don't have the DLC's then it's not really worth it. However this game is amazing, so i bought it anyway since i wanted to replay it. Better story than GTA in my opinion, amazing sceneary and not the old boring Americas. What i did notice, it doesn't have many customization options, clothing is bare, so are cars."
,Recommended,307690,12506990,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,edccs7,impressive!
76561198088819965,Recommended,307690,12441190,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Avatar,"The destructible environments add to the already great combat. There are way more and varied people around in the game world and I love how they have integrated the DLC into the main game. You no longer just get a bunch of free stuff in your wardrobe and garage, you either have to buy the stuff from a special vendor or earn some of them from missions in the game. Even the Red Envelopes are now hidden packages instead of just right next to the garages like before. To me it really balances out the game much better then before. The only DLC it doesn't seem to include is the Top Dog Gold and Silver packs that let you level up, it would have been nice to have the option to use them in this version but overall I am kind of glad they are not there as that did make the old version very easy and less fun to me.The improvements are very good in this version and don't believe the people saying this game looks worse then the HD pack from the old version because that is total BS. Whatever their reason or agenda is I'm not sure, but look for yourself at real images from an impartial sight and not some jokers personal images that could be from the lowest settings or even the original game.http://tech4gamers.com/sleeping-dogs-sd-vs-sleeping-dogs-definitive-edition-graphics-comparison-and-benchmarks/"
,Recommended,307690,28496596,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Steve_Yorkshire,Probably the best simulation of being stuck in traffic due to contraflow whilst waiting for a traffic light to change.
,Recommended,307690,30311226,Posted: 4 March,all,W_B,"Don't go too crazy on this one , wei !!!"
76561198037385891,Recommended,307690,14375333,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,dhraiden,"As of 02/07/2015, SD:DE is $7.50. Great price. Open world, lots of fun things to do, beautiful game with a decent rig. Immersive story, pretty good voice acting and writing for a fairly cliche undercover cop plot. Be the dragon (or Ghost Pig, if you prefer) - GET IT!"
,Recommended,307690,22235778,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Jäger,"Its GTA in Hong Kong,what more can you expect.All jokes aside an amazing game with a amazing story,graphics,enviroment,etc.This was the first game i have ever played when i got windows 7,then the game was the hottest thing out there and with good reason,i remember watching the review on ginx.tv,ever since then i knew this would be a game i would enjoy too much and get really cought up in.Which eventualy happend and when it did what followed was  a straight like 10 h playsesion where i basiclly just scratched the surface of the game.But when i saw it on steam i thought wtf happend i see all these micro dlc's with new clothes and stuff and thought they ruined it.I would suggest geting the vanila game with no dlc's and new ""outfits"" that grant you amazing ""powers"" and just play the vanila game as it was intended. 9/10"
,Recommended,307690,19257145,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,DarkwyndPT,"You like GTA type games? You like Hong Kong movies? Then this is the game for you. Excellent control with a controller, a storyline which is a love letter to kung fu movies, a figthing scheme similar to the Batman Arkham series and a buttload of secrets and side missions, Sleeping Dogs is without a doubt a fantastic game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,307690,14819461,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Doctor_Snorkal,Chuck norris simulator 20...... well who cares Chuck norris simulator
76561198052296945,Recommended,307690,23798162,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Spartan043,Probably one of the best open world games. Finally you get to play as a cop and you know kung-fu. Wish there were more games similar set in Asia
,Recommended,307690,23857569,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Snitch30,"Oh my god...This game is so awesome that I can't write a review without cantonese slang.. lol :D. Really realistic enough for a game.His counter moves in a fight and everything is so realistic I would say, being a police and doing all the thug life stuff is really cool... I've been playing two days straight for 5~6 hours + each day, done with half of the game though not everything I do is on the main mission line (green). Its awesome and its 100% worth it. I paid 10$ for this originally costing 30$ game. I only feel sad for one part, i.e the day after I bought it for 10$, it went for 75% summer sale to 2.5$, so all I can say is grab it, those of you who can.PS: Mac users: works perfectly fine. Mine is 13' MBP Mid 2014."
,Recommended,307690,22044508,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,HipHopAholic,Awesome MMA and story. Awesome game in general. Driving cars etc is terrible but that don't matter cuz you're about to kick some serious Hong Kong criminal dynasty♥♥♥♥♥as a undercover police officer named Wei Shen. But you don't have to follow the rules though..
,Recommended,307690,21913446,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,람보,Basically Bruce Lee + Grand Theft Auto + Pork Buns = This game.
76561198119775738,Recommended,307690,20646698,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Ozzy,"Highly recommended especially for those who are big fans of GTA-Style games. Beautiful graphics (in comparison to the previous edition), hilarious punch lines, an overall 9.5/10. The -0.5 is just cos of the fact that the game was a bit too short if you ask me. More main missions / story line would've gotten it a perfect score!"
,Recommended,307690,20131725,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dutchy,I myself picked up an enemy and let him throw into the fire10/10 I'd throw it again into the fire
,Recommended,307690,20438961,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Zurruh ズラ,"I loved Sleeping Dogs begining to end, with it's great radio soundtrack, interesting story and characters, amazing fighting mechanics which will actually keep you from button mashing, and it's atmospheric and immersive world. A game like this will really make you wish it was first person.Now, on with the ratings.Story: 8.25 / 10You play as undercover cop Wei Shen, working with the Hong Kong Police Department to bring down triad gangs in Hong Kong upon moving back to the city after living in the United States.Characters: 9 / 10I felt the characters were unique and amazing in their own way.Missions: 7.5 / 10Although the main story missions were somewhat cliched and mostly combat-oriented, I did have fun with them. The activities are quite lacking, but the side missions are very enjoyable.Soundtrack: 8 / 10The radio stations have extremely good music compared to other games like GTA. In addition, the oriental-style OST added to the immersion factor.Combat: 9 / 10The combos prevent button mashing while keeping it interesting. Fighting is very fluid, and shooting is solid. Weapons can be picked up, and the environment around you can be used to defeat your enemies in entertaining and enjoyable ways. Also, as small of a feature as it is, the blood forming on combatants and inanimate objects give the feeling that you're really doing something.World: 9.75 / 10This is probably the best world I've seen in an open world game comparable to GTA and others. The city sounds, small alleyways, street vendors, city lights, bystanders, and beautiful weather bring this area together in a living, immersive, atmospheric, awesome world. My only complaint is that there aren't many areas with nature, and instead the world is 95% city.Overall: 52 points out of 60. A must buy for those who love any of the following: PORK BUNS, open world games, fighting games, crime games, and of course, the amazing PORK BUN. All hail PORK BUN."
76561197982872121,Recommended,307690,21133398,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Marxist,This may very well be one of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,307690,24119723,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,-Its Ryujin!- [ESP],"So, lets go through the list.-Getting used to ride on the left? Check.-Shooting pistols as fast as your finger can press the trigger? Check.-Parkour? Sort of, but check.-Roundhouse kicks like in a Jackie Chan movie? Check.-Breaking arms/legs etc of enemies? Check >:3-Investigations and cops scenery? Check.-China triads story with cool murders and fights? Check.-Races with cool cars? Check.-Flirting with other characters? Check.-Big map with tons of shops, collectibles, etc? Check.Seems like i left nothing out :DPS: I actually first played this game with my cousin on his acc, then patiently waited till it got on steam sales and bought it. And the last 12h i've played in, like, 4 days, are totally worth it ^^Extremely reccomendable for the 8 bucks I paid for it. 9'5/103/10 IGN - Not COD"
,Recommended,307690,25338735,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,陈忠源Julius,"I like this game, is like GTA + Saints Row in Hong Kong style~ ^o^Great story with a lot of twists and turns that will keep you hooked to the end, very good fighting combos in martial arts.All the characters are great and they talk with nice accents.Recommended this game. 10/10"
76561198210071037,Recommended,307690,25613795,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,intence66,ah played this on the xbox 360 and now on steam the game is actually quite good with a decent story i like the maps it randomly reminds me of gta theres weapons cars bikes and all and a decnt fighting combat for 4.99 on sale its quite the buy
,Recommended,307690,25713376,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,LikeableGuy,Good Game! Nice Graphics and Fighting! It's like GTA but in China!!! :)Also It has some funny things! You'll enjoy it!WELCOME TO 香港 MY FRIENDS! XD
,Recommended,307690,25715671,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Jake,"One of my favourite games, of all time."
,Recommended,307690,25654436,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Falconeer,"""A man without pork bun is never truly a whole man"" - Pork Bun Vendor8/10 game overall - great heart, great core ideas, some tough bugs but overall a very very well produced game. The minigames actually feel connected to gameplay, the sidequests are just interesting enough to pursue whenever possible, and the combat is very fluid. Unlocking skills feels natural enough, with none of them really feeling 'essential' or gamebreaking. Once guns are unlocked, they dont become the new main focus in what is a mostly melee game. The story is actually well written, and kept me engaged.Worth buying just to play essentially Grand Theft Auto: Hong Kong."
,Recommended,307690,24096833,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Interwebz is daddy,"- Intro: A fantastic game to play. It's very diverce and adventurous.-Main: I've had this game on numerous consoles and I can't seem to have enough of it. Each time I play it excites me even more. Having a long period of time away from the game also made me excited and even after playing it soo many times it doesn't become repetative. I've yet to try the 'Definitive Edition' as this is my first time buying the 'Definitive Edition' on PC.The game runs smooth and has that flexability feel, meaning you can do pretty much anything you want. I'd recommend this to all my friends because withouth a doubt it's an amazing game!- Overall Score: 10/10- Reyz"
76561198025661680,Recommended,307690,24008179,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mr2046,"Like an intoxicating mix of Young & Dangerous movie series and GTA game series, once you start this game you will definitely be hooked.I can't stop playing it even after having finished it through many times. The cityscape is breathtaking especially if you've been to Hong Kong. You'll see so many landmarks that have been lovingly recreated within the game version of Hong Kong. It makes for a lot of little joys as you're leading Wei Shen around the underworld.Worth every second of game time, the only tragedy is that we have never gotten a sequel. Play Sleeping Dogs, and love Sleeping Dogs!"
,Recommended,307690,24220362,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kyizon,"Having lived in Hong Kong for about 10 years, this game was a sad disappointment. I know my rating says recommend but, that's because not everyone has lived in Hong Kong. However, if you're this far into the review, please note, I didn't like the game as much as I shouldTL:DRIf you lived in Hong Kong or stayed their for a decent amount of time. You will be disappointed.MAP:On ground level, the map has the feel and ""similar"" world density of Hong Kong. Street vendors and crowded sidewalks take me back to the days I lived there. HOWEVER, Hong Kong is NOT an island. Hong Kong has an island but it is attached to the mainland via bridges. So seeing just an island made me upset. While talking about the map, the world size is pretty small and you get across the entire map in a few minutes of driving.GAMEPLAY:-CombatCombat is pretty fun but gets dull fast. You can learn combos and inflict as much pain on an enemy as possible or simply bang their head in using the nearest fish tank. However, most conflicts boil down to what type of enemy is this and using that enemy's weakness to beat them up. Combat animations feel same-y after playing a while. Gun combat is fun as, like in actual Hong Kong, it is not so easy to get a gun and hold on to it.-DrivingDriving is pretty solid and has a few bells and whistles like a ramming features and car-to-car hijacking. I feel that the immersion is lost when I hit a motorcyclist and his stays firmly attached to his bike. Cars are a bit slippery but you get used to it after a while.STORY:I haven't finished the story but it seems like the standard undercover cop story so far. Could've used a few more accent heavy voice actors and inserted more cato/mando speakers rather than an inserted line of dialogue in an alternate language.OVERALLOther than the utterly disappointing world map, most of the other flaws can be overlooked. I said the the beginning of the review that Ilived in Hong Kong and thus I am very biased. If I were you, I would wait until a sale.And Valve, where is the bloody ""meh"" rating. I'm sick of rating positive and placing a disclaimer in my reviews.5/10"
76561198020186480,Recommended,307690,23940949,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DriftGT,GTA style gameplay set in Hong Kong with plots from 90's Hong Kong Cop and Gangster movies.Pros:Martial art combat is fluid and easy to execute (similar to batman series)City is really alive (pack full of people especially night market)Cons:Voice acting is a mixed bag. English is great but the cantonese by those asian-american/asian-canadian voice actors sucks.TLDR:Get it if you love watching Hong Kong police and gangster movies (Jackie Chan's police story or the infernal affairs series)
,Recommended,307690,23957384,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nzy,"If you didnt try the pork bun in the game you have not become a man, 11/10 must buy and eat the pork buns."
76561198192441422,Recommended,307690,23924102,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Skyfoe0,"This game is a really good open world game! I recommand you get this game on sale because it is only 7.25 and even if it isn't on sale, just save your money and buy it."
,Recommended,307690,23801237,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,⛧ Reece ⛧,INCREDIBLE!!!I would recommend this game to a freind but i have none
,Recommended,307690,23936747,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Goth Juice,"""Throw Big Smile Lee Into Ice Chipper""10 OUTTA 10"
76561198088663890,Recommended,307690,21878648,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,AP LOKAJ,"Playing Sleeping Dogs kept me on the edge of my seat, but not for the reasons you might expect. Sure, Sleeping Dogs’ melee combat and gunplay provide plenty of thrills, the driving is extraordinarily fun in all of its arcadey glory. But at the end of my nearly 20-hour experience, none of that mattered to me as much as the story did. It’s that story, coupled with rock-solid mechanics and a task-heavy world that sets Sleeping Dogs apart from its competition.- I recommend this game and i solemnly pledge that this game is worth your time and money.-P.S i dont betray my brothers."
,Recommended,307690,25687710,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,You-fools,I realized something while playing. A man who never eats pork bun truly never is a whole man.
76561198116624693,Recommended,307690,24773753,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Wie,I feel like IP MAN become hongkong police lol
,Recommended,307690,21652838,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,AlphaLion,This is what you end up with if you mix Grand Theft Auto with Jackie Chan.10/10
76561198326584446,Recommended,307690,25703327,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,lil savage,better than gta 5too good
,Recommended,307690,25574870,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Dolph,"Not sure what it is that grabs me about this game, but I really enjoy it. Played through fully on Xbox 360 when it first came out, Xbox One, and now PC. The combat system is pretty good, but in all honesty, you can finish the melee side of the game by mashing the X button and kicking everyone to death.Although it's enjoyable, it's not without it's bugs and annoyances, the main one for me being the world's worst parcour running. One minute you can run up a wall to grab a ledge, the next you can't jump over a waist high fence! I kept experiencing audio loops too, where a gunshot or explosion sound would loop until I exited the game.Expansion wise, the nightmare DLC is pretty lame, and can be rattled off in about an hour and is very repetative. Don't go expecting anything on par with Red Dead Redemption's nightmare expansion. Zodiac Island (Enter the Dragon) is pretty cool, but again just over an hour. Year of the Dragon is pretty good too. Much of the other DLC was inventory items, collections, tweaks, etc.All in all, I'd definately recommend buying this if you've never played it. For my money it beats the whole GTA series in to the ground, then special moves it into the wood chipper!"
,Recommended,307690,25641919,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,lemi,"I cannot run this apparently, I meet the recommended settings but I think its not been designed for my cpu (AMD A6 6400K) as the only people with my problem share the same cpu. When I start a new save on story mode or any other mode it loads, then closes.I am gonna recommend as I don't want to bring it down for my cpu being trash, however I do meet the recommended and am a little dissapointed, probably gonna refund unless I find a fix."
,Recommended,307690,28299757,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,tomahawk058,"After recalibrating my Life I've now decided I want to live in Hong Kong. I have mastered Martial Arts and Am now moving on to impressing The Beautiful Hong kong Women. Only problem is Am not sure whats more rewarding arresting a Drug pusher or beating up inocent bystanders and senior citizens. Its the story of my Life and I can't stop playing...The graphics are amazing, The realism is really captivating just when you think you've seen it all, it rains and you open up your umbrlla. Honestly, if The cars were alittle more detailed and responsive, This game would definately be Alot better than any of the Grand Theft Auto series.As far as Story line and playablity..its still a complete 10. The fighting sequences are amazing. Theres nothing more rewarding than putting a Bad guys Head thru a glass table or into a wall, These are things that Grand Theft does not do as well..rewarding battles and a very challenging story line..you feel like your not just playing a game your accomplishing goals all the time. Amazing!!Again another area Grand Theft doesn't handle as well...rewards. This Game is very rewarding. Your given new outfits, New Fighting Combo's, new vehicals, lets just say This Game will not leave you unrewarded!  Its a statement that no other game has matched since its release...funnny thing these guys did all this before Theft V... Great-Amazing-Beautifully Done.. would recommend to anyone who owns a joystick. What a blast. Thanks Steam for another great recommendation. A classic tribute to game developers and a true Gift to Gamers. Love IT."
,Recommended,307690,27599048,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ED1,"Отличная игра,хороший сюжет.Покупал по скидке за 100+- рублейСтоит своих денегЯ её прошёлПрошёл бы и ещё раз,но нету времениИгра понравилась"
76561198064378233,Recommended,307690,29995834,Posted: 17 February,all,Saurodocus,"One of the best games I've ever played. It has a great story and very nice gameplay. I love that there are a lot of sidetasks which keep you busy and give you advantages in the game. I'd give it a 9/10, a must play!"
,Recommended,307690,29128655,Posted: 8 January,all,Zyklon Buttplug,All you do is kung fu and crash your car into stuff. 10/10 most realistic Asian guy simulator out there.
76561198099246509,Recommended,307690,27013189,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Asteon (No Sound),great game with a fun storyline and lots of action. very GTA like.
,Recommended,307690,21992117,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Wonton Wombat,">be a cop>have to neutralize a suspect as a sniper>don't bother reading the objective and just headshot the man like if this were CS:GOGot full rewards and no penalities, hooray for letting a cop get away with that!"
,Recommended,307690,25385342,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Magic,Where to begin on this game..First of all its all my Favourite hong kong movies pretty much all rolled into one esp within the definiative edition.By This I mean its Young and Dangerous films meets Jackie chan police story with Mr Vampire thrown in for good measure with an ode to john woo films esp when shooting guns and driving.Immerserive story line great back drop shame about the NPCs not having a decent AI however around the streets of HK esp when they are driving ect..Best Karaoke simulator ever lol just remember you are also not a real man till you eat a pork bun......
,Recommended,307690,26960100,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wyvern1330,One of the best games I played. I wish there was a sequel
,Recommended,307690,25719962,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,❤Smol Cat❤,"It's a great game, IMHO better than GTA V. After playing countless hours of the xbox version, I bought the game via Steam, mostly for the portability of having it on my laptop. Unfortunately, the game doesn't seem to like SOMETHING about my computer, as it crashes every ~15 minutes. Would still recommmend to others, I've done a lot of shady modification to this computer, which is likely the cause of the issues. Or it could be Win10 again, who knows.9/10, Great game. It has pork buns.EDIT: If on Windows 10, go to Services and disable ""Touch Keyboard and Handwriting Panel Service"""
,Recommended,307690,22334497,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kygazi,"I've been a true crimes fan for a long time, and have finished this game and DLC content ages ago, and all I can say is the story plot is amazing.Play it for the story.Japanese police simulator 10/10"
,Recommended,307690,27775969,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,pourquoi,It is basically GTA 5 but the chinese version of it. If you enjoy cantonese profanity like me then definitely go pick up this game. The combat is really fun and smooth with the martial arts theme. Definitely recommend if you're an asian like me that likes martial arts.
,Recommended,307690,30117753,Posted: 23 February,all,detox1ng,"great game, have to come here to recommend this game"
77404040404040404,Recommended,307690,28813650,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,luis_gamrpro,"Good, but un the mac version it is bad optimised and also in the mac version you cant change a good amount of settings like desactivating anti aliasing completely, well, yes you can change the version of anti aliasing, but not if you want to disabilitate it, also other things like level of textures an detail , in the mac you can only change normal, or low resolution buffers, wich looks terrible, but although all of this, it is a great game"
,Recommended,307690,29050532,Posted: 5 January,all,6hrslater,"WOW A GTA STYLE OPEN WORLD GAME THAT TAKES PLACE IN HONG KONG DAMNNN.This was one of my favorite games, with great remastered graphics that have improved it so much from the original. Its cringey cantonese voice acting is extremely awkward and hilariouse since I can understand every swear word they say... because thats the only words they ever say in cantonese. The map of Hong Kong may not be too big but its still pretty acurate. You get to play as a undercover cop who steals cars and finds out that there is more conflicts than having to just take down or cripple 2 of Hong Kong's Triad Gangs... The Sun on Yee and the 18KYOU CAN'T CALL YOURSELF A MAN WITHOUT TRYING OUT SOME PORK BUNS!PS heres a SPOILER from Transformers 4 that may be a sleeping dogs easter egg:When KSI runs away with his secretary in Hong Kong, they will get cornered and have a fight in an elevator with an Asian guy watching. That Asian guy then drops hes stuff and helps fight KSI's enemies.  COULD THAT ASIAN GUY BE WEI SHEN????? WHO KNOWS?? ITS YOUR OPINIONHeres the evidence:https://youtu.be/XioF_iXswhI?t=1m43sToo bad there won't be a sleeping dogs 2 since United Front Games company was closed down due to bankruptcy but hey, atleast they actually tried to work on sleeping dogs 2 before they shut down...."
76561198062941997,Recommended,307690,28285887,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,mOrpHy BX,"Great story, great fighting,  <3"
,Recommended,307690,28430667,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Yoshifury,"You want to play the game with good combat, here it is.. it not just a combat,, but an art in combat.. a martial art. good story and open world too with many activities, this game is awesome. Totally recommend it"
,Recommended,307690,30681651,Posted: 23 March,all,Pennywise's Balloon Weiner,"buy this game, i didnt and wei shen busted into my bedroom and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me"
76561198304037248,Recommended,307690,26094137,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Jimbay,One of the better pseudo-GTA games I've played. Worth buying on sale.
76561198339940765,Recommended,307690,28383121,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MapledChilli,Spent most of my time on the in-game Karaoke machine.-Good game. Would recommend.
76561197995128738,Recommended,307690,26925950,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shake Zula,This game so deserved a sequel and then Square Enix said they weren't interested because not enough fools bought the original to warrant one so United Front went out of business.  Both the story and street combat out-pace anything in the GTA/Watch Dogs/Saints Row franchise.  I could use a pork bun.
,Recommended,307690,32483921,Posted: 16 June,all,[hswak] Sebb7y,Good:-Storyline-GraphicsConclusion:-One of my favourites. I used to have this on xbox 360 first.
,Recommended,307690,16218847,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Hecktiq,"Very solid game, story is engaging. The visuals are fantastic, only problem I have with the game is the driving physics are a little odd and don't feel very good. But that is definitely a very picky con. Get this game if you like GTA, honestly.. story is better then GTAIV... Oh and the fighting in this game is absolutely amazing, I also love the fact that you don't really use guns much up until the mid point, I always feel like punching a guy and kicking his face in then shooting him to be honest.9/10Game is Wei too good.."
,Recommended,307690,28663339,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,adanblake,"Don't mind me, I just killed 3 people.9/10, would:parkour againKill AgainBadass againEat AgainHong Kong AgainGo shirtless againBecome Police againThats the end of my review againbye"
76561198091250170,Recommended,307690,16303869,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Wuuuuu,Teaches you how to drive on the wrong side of the road in the U.S.
,Recommended,307690,32925058,Posted: 28 June,all,CUT BRY,"This game is like GTA + Hongkong police movies. you can roam freely in the city. And the story is at its best and action packed. with chinese kung-fu moves and once you finished the main story, you still need to finished the DLC and the side quest. The graphics are excellent and detailed. i recommended this game for those who loves GTA style games and martial arts film."
,Recommended,307690,32977314,Posted: 29 June,all,Tard Vader,"The only way to drive a bus, IS TO DRIFT IT;GAS GAS GAS"
,Recommended,307690,32218044,Posted: 6 June,all,Nicholas,"I really enjoyed the game, while same of the story missions feature some repetitive gameplay there is some really nice variety in the optional content. The story wasn't quite as satisfying as I'd hoped, as I found I never got a sense for the moral dliemna the character was going through, but the combat system is where the game stands out for me as being extremely fun."
76561198056323718,Recommended,307690,32968137,Posted: 28 June,all,GhulsGans,"i likefighting mode in this game, its really cool."
,Recommended,307690,16670310,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Chris Lenga,"There are certain things in this game that absolutely annoy me but other things that are pretty amazing. Getting the annoying out of the way first... The delay/feedback of the combo attacks can get very annoying, especially if your trying to counter enemies when your fighting twenty enemies at once. I'm running a top of the line machine and yet sometimes the counter doesn't go through and there's a delay when it comes to driving occasionally. On some occasions I've found some ghost feedback where it decides to drive me straight into a building. Great times on missions.Story line is okay, but very redundant as it lacks diversity in a lot of areas. Graphically its pretty decent for when the game was released and the models in-game are very well designed. Driving becomes interesting as you'll default to the way you would normally drive and its reversed in the game.Key bindings become slightly annoying depending on how you like to set them up. I'm particularly annoyed at the fact you can't assign counter as right mouse as when your in a vehicle it defaults the reight mouse to aiming a firearm. By assigning counter/use/interact as right mouse, when aiming it throws you out of the car.Not a bad game overall but it definitely has some issues that become problematic occasionally. Despite the problems its very enjoyable and a game unlike any other I've played honestly."
,Recommended,307690,14407236,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,0060,"with a low price during sales, it is one of the best sandbox game in recent years, which i would compare to SR3, but much less sex theme. If you unlock most of the skill, you will find melee is quite interesting (it is a bit hard to start). The graphic of Hong Kong is quite real, just have to bend the real world to suit the game. Personally i am from HK and if you know Cantonese it is quite fun to hear the foul language the game used."
76561198111497140,Recommended,307690,14470497,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Ich.Bin.Die.Jager,I liked this one a lot. It played like GTA IV and the story was well done I thought. Two things I didnt like at all: the first was how the whole thing seemed to lag when you would make Shen start running. However this could just be because of the machine I ran it on. The second was that even in GTA your character can jump. You cant jump in Sleeping Dogs. This would really get annoying if your car trapped you in a spot and the character cant jump over a bloody foot high step. Past that though I think Square Enix did a capital job on Sleeping Dogs. I have not played through the Nightmare or Year of the Snake stories yet so we shall see if my opinion changes or stays the same.
,Recommended,307690,26175739,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,AgreedSA,"They made a definitive edition that wasn't actually better looking in some cases from the original game, and the studio paid for it with their very being"
,Recommended,307690,25095846,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,[C3] Gamer Alex (AlexKVideos1),"You know what I like? This game comes with all of it's DLC, meaning your getting a game with no DLC to buy, since it's in it already.Nice move, Square Enix."
76561198311992540,Recommended,307690,24758712,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Leothang,武术系统做的十分不错，很值得玩
76561198085171447,Recommended,307690,24990036,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,dogboat333,"Games take many twists and turns throughout the preconception and development process, sometimes becoming totally different games. Overwatch used to be a MMORPG named ""TITAN"", Halo used to be a Mac exclusive RTS strategy game, and Grand Theft Auto used to be some lame nonviolent racing game, leading them to become some of the biggest names in gaming (maybe a bit too early to say that of Overwatch but that's besides the point). Today's subject started off like this. Originally going to be another part of the True Crime series as ""True Crime: Hong Kong"",  Activision cancelled it and it seemed like it would not see the light of day until Square Enix saved the project by buying it, leading to the game to later be released as Sleeping Dogs. Originally released back in 2012 to decent enough reviews, it was later rereleased in 2014 to open the game up to the new generation of consoles and desperately get some more money as it didn't meet financial quotas. Is the game worth picking up though or not though is the question, and that is what I plan to answer. Let's take a look.STORY: You are Wei Shen, a man who returns to his native Hong Kong after years of living in the United States to infiltrate the Sun On Yee, an organized crime circuit that is beginning to dominate the streets of Hong Kong, in order to help the local police shut them down. The game essentially follows his climb to the top of the Sun On Yee foodchain, from a footman to the head of the organization. The story is alright if not a bit generic, it keeps you interested enough to keep it going, though I do have so say I am disappointed that the story is kind of linear. It would have been interesting to choose between the Hong Kong Police and the Triads in certain situations, though sadly the game is fairly linear storywise. That isn't a bad thing necessarily, I appreciate what they did and that's good, but don't expect an A+ effort storywise, because it feels a bit dull.GAMEPLAY: Third person game, mostly fighting with some shooting thrown in. I'd recommend using a gamepad for the game as it's simpler for most of the gameplay in the game. You'll spend most of your time fistfighting, which is essentially a slightly watered down Batman Arkham system. X is attack, Y is counter, B is grab as well as some action buttons, and A is sprint, which is simple enough. Being a watered down Arkham game is not a bad thing, by the way, because it still feels pretty good. The gunplay in this game is also decent enough, even with a controller, which is nice. Driving is decent, though the cars do feel a bit floaty, and freerunning feels pretty good. Overall it handles very well I'd say.GRAPHICS, PERFORMANCE, AND AI: 60FPS with decent amount of the highest settings on on 1080p. The game looks pretty good and Hong Kong looks and feels pretty realistic as far as I can tell from pictures and travel videos, which is nice, and it's cool to visit a different looking and feeling place than we usually visit in the world of gaming. There was a crash once or twice in the game, which is fine enough if not inconvinient. The AI can be a bit derpy at times, though, as sometimes the civilian drivers stop in the middle of the road and such.CHARACTERS AND VOICE ACTING: Wei is an alright character, he doesn't make any stupid decisions that make you think ""Oh you ♥♥♥♥ing idiot, what's wrong with you?"" and at the end of the day I ended up liking him. The rest of the characters are decent as well, and I only ended up hating the one's I was supposed to hate, which is nice. The voice acting is top notch, a decent chunk of voice actors switch between English and Cantonese, which adds to the authenticity of the game. The character animations, on the other hand, look pretty awkward, almost like robots.SIDE ACTIVITIES: There's a decent amount of missions out there to gain Face, which lets you get specific clothes and cars with each level. It's an interesting enough mechanic, and I don't mind it too much. There are a bunch of miscellanious collectables along the map as well; lock boxes which give you money, health shrines that boost up your health level if you use enough of them, and jade statues that let you learn a new karate move. The last two are pretty useful to get but I just forgot about the lock boxes after a while. There are also street races you can take part in as well as gambling and, get this,♥♥♥♥♥♥fighting. Not that you pervert, with chickens. Overall decent enough, if not barebones.FINAL THOUGHTS: For a GTA wannabe game, this does a decent enough job to stand itself out. 7.5/10, it's worth picking up on sale if the location interests you or you're in the mood for a decent beat-em-up and you don't care about a kind of generic story."
,Recommended,307690,26507125,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Colonel Cupcake,"TL;DR This is a very fun game that is worth full price for the amount of gameplay you get out of it.Pros:+ Creative fighting style that is much more heavily focused on hand-to-hand combat over firearms+ Nice graphics+ Lots of missions/races to complete+ Engaging plotCons:+ Repetitive missions+ Very Limited soundtrack+ Driving is not the most fluid, though not terrible+ Money is too easy to makeSleeping Dogs is a fun game. Not a great game or a bad game, just plainly fun. I was not blown away by anything in particular about it, but I also didn't really hate anything about it, I just had fun. (what more could you ask for?) I mentioned above that I think full price is fair, but for full disclosure I got this game on sale for $7."
,Recommended,307690,16031739,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Vella,"Here's the short and sweet. This is Sleeping dogs, with Nightmare and Snake DLC. It also has a minor visual upgrade *better lighting is very noticeable*. Definitive edition? Strongly disagree with that statement however. All the DLC for the original edition is *not* included in this, I would honestly pick up the original over this. I have also noticed a performance difference in benchmarking, this may be due to the new textures, but if it's worth it will be up to you. I would look at some game play of both to make your decision on visual improvement VS performance hit. I will be continuing to play through this, only because I enjoyed it the first time. I own both, but recommend that first time buyers buy the original + all DLC if you want to *play* in the world, if you just want to grab the game and beat it, don't care about anything else...get this, on sale."
,Recommended,307690,15745234,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,wolfgangsta,The graphics in this game are sure to blow your mind 10/10
,Recommended,307690,13254882,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,RED*,"ahhhh.... fps is better, graphics is good, story is okay, combat is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and also sometimes fps still drops..."
76561198096764507,Recommended,307690,16141734,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Jimmyninja69,This game fun as hell wish there was a bigger map and upgradeble weapons and cars
,Recommended,307690,16367874,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Supreme,"Gr8 story, gr8 characters, gr8 graphics, gr8 environment, gr8 price8/8 must buy at $8"
,Recommended,307690,16012747,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,AK-FORTY KEVIN,"One day this game went on to Xbox Live for a free game with gold so I decided to get it. It was the original version and this one hadn't come out yet. I loved the game so much, and it was my favorite game. Sadly, my Xbox broke for unknown reasons and I was unable to play the game for a while. Then one day i see that this new and improved version of Sleeping Dogs has been released, and by then I had purchased a gaming PC so I was very exited when I found out I would be able to play Sleeping Dogs once again.I bought this, downloaded it, and played it. I spent 15 hours playing it on my first day of owning it.Now, the Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition goes through various improvements from the previous version. I will now go step by step describing them.Graphical Stuff: 9/10The trailer boasts about graphical and texture improvements, and they weren't lying. There aren't much improvements to the graphics as there are to the textures. Lighting is very clearly improved and clothing and hair are no longer static. There is a few minor glitches to this kind of things but nothing too noticeable.Audio: 5/10I personally cant see much difference.Gameplay: 8/10Sleeping Dogs: DE has a few changes to the gameplay. For example, the city of Hong Kong feels much more immersive, there is more pedestrians and traffic making Hong Kong feel more like Hong Kong. The driving mechanics feel much smoother and better. But now for cons. some of the walking controls feel very wonky and sometimes it is more difficult to actually do the parkour in the game. The game is also no longer able to generate everything in your general area, so sometimes you'll take a few step and all of a sudden the game will span a group of civilians right next to Wei. and sometimes people spawn in the sky and fall to Earth. but overall, really good gameplay.SPOILERS FROM HERE ON!I love this game so much, the story is amazing and there is so much attachment to characters. I felt bad for Mrs. Chu when Winston died at his wedding, and cried when Wei found Jackie Ma's dead body. When you find that Pendrew was a bad guy I was shocked. So much happens within this game and I hope to never stop playing itThat's why my final rating for this game is 9/10.───────────────────████───────────────────█████───────────────────██████───────────────────███████──────────────────████████──────────────────████████─────────────────█████████────────────────█████████───────────────█████████──────────────█████████──────────────██████████████████────────────█████████████████████───────────███████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─█████Recommended█████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─█████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████"
,Recommended,307690,16070066,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Nicholas D Wolfwood,"Bought this by mistake, meant to purchase Watch Dogs.Wasn't disappointed. 10/10."
,Recommended,307690,16450461,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Casleau,"An outstanding open-world game with plenty of audio bonuses to bilingual speakers. Fun combat, plenty of optional collectibles, and an engaging story. Easily over $20 of entertainment now, especially with all the DLC. Stock campaign is about as serious as GTA, but the DLC expansions take it to Saints-Row level debauchery. One of my favourite games of all time."
,Recommended,307690,16813107,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Jack Grisham,A man who never plays Sleeping Dogs is never a whole man.
,Recommended,307690,16813142,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Vengeance,"Definitely get this game if you've never tried it! I LOVED every second of it. The driving is a bit odd but pretty fun because you can ram cars, the combat is amazing(however you don't use guns often), the story just made me want to keep playing it, and the graphics are amazing! I definitely am satisfied with picking up this game in a sale for $7.50 and with that price the game offers lots and lots of content for that price.Overall I rate the game a 9.5/10!"
,Recommended,307690,16985630,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,robot,"This Game was amazing the cars the guns. Especially the Year of the Snake it made me feel like I was in a Fast and Furious Movie!Update 29th January 2017 - Complete Action, Craziness, Incredible Fighting Animations, Funny Moments. Basicly fast and furious plot is not very original"
76561198131620170,Recommended,307690,16885057,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,TwisT ●Hades●,Only 1 word to try to review this game Amazing... got it 75% off best 8$ ever spent
,Recommended,307690,16693403,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Lonnie Smith,"One of my most favorite games, the developers have recreated Hong Kong in such a beautiful way.This game is the perfect mix of the games I loved as a kid (Yakuza, Gta, Shenmue).Its had been a long time since I had dedicated all my time towards one game, trust me thid is one game you cannot miss."
,Recommended,307690,17052060,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Cojiro,I walked around Hong Kong flying kicking people in the back with no consequences.10/10
,Recommended,307690,16576558,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Grey,It's like GTA with asians.
,Recommended,307690,17544855,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,what a spook month,Asian Batmanpretty much it
76561198006041839,Recommended,307690,17835467,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ra1m0,"Its shorter, but much more interesting than GTA4. Completed it three times while failed to complete GTA4 two times."
76561198039730050,Recommended,307690,17513797,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,TheKrest17,I love the way you can use the environment to finish off your enemies.
,Recommended,307690,16530198,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Myyrä,Best karaoke simulator of the century.11/10.
,Recommended,307690,16868232,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,logachan,"One of my favorite games for console. 50x better on PC, AND you get all the add-ons for only $8. It's a great deal. Graphics look way better for the year of the game."
76561198009203727,Recommended,307690,27055956,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[HAN]easyfoe,"This game is an oriental theme GTA like game. It may not cover so many contents as the GTA franchaises, but the so many Kongfu movies and Hong Kong gangster movies references made it unique in play style."
,Recommended,307690,23804503,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Alex,"Like Grand Theft Auto had sweet, sweet babies with Saints Row in a Hong Kong back alley and abandoned it at the doorstep of a martial arts school. Hong Kong looks beautiful, the combat is incredibly satisfying, but driving is a little hard to get used to if you're used to playing Grand Theft Auto and/or Saints Row. I like the storyline, but it left much to be desired. But you don't play games like this for the story, you play it to kick♥♥♥♥♥and take names."
,Recommended,307690,30149525,Posted: 24 February,all,Atck 爱要怎么说出口~,"Awesome story, value for money if you are looking for similar game play such as GTA"
,Recommended,307690,16520990,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,IQ200,"You are Wei Shen , who joined Winston and he needs to kill Dogeyes (the other crew) because he ♥♥♥♥ing sweared his sister Mimi. The place is happening in Japan when he comes from America and he goes in jail and meets his friend , Jackie then he leads him to Winston , which will sadly , die on his wedding saving his wife Peggy.Your girlfriend is Tiffany , she works in a karaoke bam bam club and we all love her♥♥♥♥♥You have Manda , which game to town and u have a mission to lead her to ur previously club u teached kung-fu.I Think this game has the best optimitization ever , and the graphics , damn.For me this game is 10/10 i hope u all will buy it sooner or later."
76561198046959974,Recommended,307690,28731774,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Based Cookie,"One of the best games i've ever played that I knew so little about going into it.I'm not quite sure if this game was popular when it released, but it should have been!I just binge played this for 14 hours!!!"
76561198127256134,Recommended,307690,21282563,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,De Tandenfee,"Awesome game, really enjoyed it. I don't like to watch GTA cutscenes (no i didnt play gta 5) but at this game, i just loved to watch it. It has an awesome story, and in my opinion also really original. There is so much to do. I would give this game 5/5"
76561198034029393,Recommended,307690,14821714,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,cherniyalpinist,"Right, so where do I start... Once upon a time there was a game called ""Yakuza"" for PS2. At its time it was highly advanced and innovative, open-world (ish) beat'em-up with an interesting story, several side-quests and a street-fights to die for. It was one of my long time favourites and I was really frustrated that it never actually came out for PC.And then I just happened to stumble upon this little masterpiece. And let me tell you - it's everything the ""Yakuza"" ever was and more. This game takes standard ""GTA"" theme but manages to do something a bit different with it.So let's look at the few positive and negative things that, in my view, pretty much make this game what it is.POSITIVE:FIGHTS - Figts, fights and more fights. This is the primary attraction and activity throughout this game. I have seen some reviews that compare this game with another great beat'em-up games - the ""Batman"" series (in favour of the latter). I was really surprised by this fact as ""Batman's"" fighting system is completely different, far less realistic and far less controllable (although just as entertaining). In ""Sleeping Dogs"" you have almost full control over your every punch, kick, counter or grapple. Punch twice and do a jumping kick in the head? Easy. Punch, knee and kick in the face? Can be done. Run at your opponent, dive-tackle him and punch his face in on the ground? No problem. Or just grab your enemy and throw him off the balcony, plant his head in a fish-tank or a burning furnace, smash him into a phone-booth or the bonnet of a nearby car... then kick him in the nuts while he's down. Anything goes. Like I said - it's pretty much like good old ""Yakuza"", where you could utilise your environment to your full advantage. There're also plenty of weapons to be used - knives, hatchets, tire-irons, police-batons, even lady's purses and hand-bags (although you'd look a bit gay, fighting a bunch of big-*** guys with a purse, but hey - if you want, who am I to stop you?).ATMOSPHERE - pretty interesting mix. It's something in between GTA, Deus Ex Human Revolution and Yakuza... I know - you're getting pretty tired of reading the word ""Yakuza"", but this is what this game most reminds me of... so... yeah... YAKUZA (get over it). Hong-Kong really feels like lively, immersive and interesting place to be in. The city really lives - offering plenty of things to do, apart from main or even side quests. Explore, shop, race, gamble, pick a fight with random guys, parkour your *** around alleys and rooftops or just get a massage and buy some food and drink. As it was once said - the man who never eats pork-bun is never a whole man :)STORY - not the most original part, but quite solid and enjoyable. Missions are a good mix of serious, bloody and gory gangster and double-agent work, to completely ridiculous and funny tasks.OUTFITS - yeah, I know - not the most important thing in any game, but one has to agree - running through the city dressed as shaolin monk or hurling people around, wearing an extra-large straw sombrero is quite a bit of laugh. Clothing is plentiful and you can choose anything to fit your style and mood.SHOOTING - pretty basic, but works and can be entertaining in slow-mo, as you jumping over various obstacles.MUSIC - there is good variety of stations to listen to, while you're cruising around the city. And they all fit the atmosphere pretty much spot on.NEGATIVE:Mind you - there are no real negatives in the game. I consider things truly negative, when they spoil the gaming experience and there are no such flaws in ""Sleeping Dogs"". Just several areas that could be improved to make this game even better.DRIVING - ok... developers have clearly focused the most of their effort on hand-to-hand fighting and ""out of the vehicle"" movement. First thing to note about driving - it's hugely unbalanced. Sometimes, you drive a really high-end sport muscle-car and have trouble catching up with an old and beaten mini-bus, you are chasing. Same goes for all races and the police-chases. No matter what you drive - they never f***ing fall behind and leave you be, untill you ram them off the road or shoot up their vehicle. Other thing is that some cars are downright uncontrollable (same goes for boats), with either too sensitive steering or oposite - heavy handling and cornering ablity of 747 jumbo jet.Having said that, there are also plenty of cars that are actually fun to drive. There are some especially good drifters, with which you can do some crazy stuff - like drifting around the corner, flying sideways in between of oncoming cars, stabilise the drift and proceed as normal. Such things really put a proud little grin on your mug.GAMBLING - a huge miss-out in my view. Gambling is done as pretty basic mahjong-poker and cockfights (it's not what you've just thought, you sick b*****d - I meant birds). First one is being quite plain and without any character and the latter is completely random - no skill involved, just choose your bird and hope for the best. So come on devs - if you want to include gambling in your game, watch and learn from Witcher, Far Cry 3, Fallout NV, RAGE and so on. You've already created a brilliant atmosphere in everything else - it's not so hard to also add some character to the gambling, now is it?SIDE-QUESTS VARIETY - side quests are plentiful (which is good), but can get a bit repetitive. I'm being picky here - there's quite a good variety of things to do, but I personally would like just a little touch more of the good thing. I mean - you're undrcover cop and an imposer-triad - there got to be more things for you to do, than resolve petty fights, catch pickpockets, chase cars and respond to a random shoot-outs. But like I said - I'm being picky.And that, pretty much, sums it up.So if you like a bit of everything - bit of driving, bit of parkouring (is there even such word? ... nevermind), bit of exploring, bit of just wandering around the city dressed up as Agent-47 (yes- you can do that) and a lot of fighting, by all means buy this game. If, like me, you are an old Yakuza fan and looking for something similar on PC - than you simply must buy this game. Or if you are just looking for something new to play and can't quite make up your mind - I would give this one a shot. Solid piece of work.P.S. Oh yeah - just in case, I have not said this enough, during my review... YAKUZAAAAAAAAAA."
,Recommended,307690,15224573,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Jewness,"Sleeping Dogs may not look like what it actually is. That's because the game was first called True Crime: Hongkong, which gives much more of a hint on what the game actually is all about.  For several reasons, Activision abandoned the development of True Crime: Hongkong in 2011, when the game was almost completely finished. Square Enix acquired the publishing rights to the game, but not the True Crime intellectual property, so they had to rename it: Sleeping Dogs was born and released in 2012 for PC and the potatoes. In 2014 the PC and next gen consoles version got a graphical overhaul which was released as the Definitive Edition.Story/setting: The game is a GTA-like open-world adventure set in Hong Kong where as an undercover cop you try to work up in the ranks of a Hong Kong street gang to infiltrate the powerful Triads, the Chinese mafia. I guess it’s a somewhat typical story of trust, job ethics and betrayal mixed with a good portion of Hollywood action of magically surviving even the worst of tortures and the like. It’s surprisingly brutal and serious though, which I like a lot. What makes it a very good story however is the perfect blend with traditional Chinese culture and values (importance of family, personal faith). Beside the persisting violence there are these moments of calm and meditation that make you think and appreciate the effort the devs put into making some witty and authentic dialogue. The voice-acting and dialogue in general are exceptional, there is really nothing to complain there. The characters are fleshed-out enough for you to remember them and their voices for quite a while…and get emotionally involved when they get horribly murdered in great numbers.Graphics/sound design: The buffed looks of the Definitive Edition are definitely an eye-catcher; especially the cut-scenes look really impressive with good character models and animation even in close-up shots. Animations are smooth in general, which is important due to the prevalence of combo-based melee combat and the cover-shooter mechanics. Texture quality is good I guess, nothing exceptional here, but it’s an open-world game so I wouldn’t expect them to put HD textures on everything. The weather effects are kinda nice; driving around in grey, rainy Hong Kong is pretty dank I gotta say. Sound effects are nothing special, the fact that you have a pretty large array of radio tunes on a number of different channels when driving is a neat idea though, there’s some great songs there that would instantly remind me of the streets of Hong Kong every time I hear them again.Mechanics: There’s a lot of different stuff to do in Sleeping Dogs, really a lot, there’s just not a huge amount of depth to it. The plethora of fighting techniques and minigames was just wide and deep enough to not have me bored by the time I had finished the game though. So I guess it’s not a negative point, but also not a huge plus. You can hack cameras, pick locks, take photos of your one-night-stands, beat up bad guys with a myriad of combos, shoot at the tires of your chasers while driving, hijack cars at full speed on the highway (this is very cool believe me), win street races, play with your smartphone, trace phone call signals, crack open locked boxes, buy smart-looking clothes (you can even buy a fedora, I had a very euphoric moment there), speed around the sea in muthafugging boats, BOAT RACES, sing karaoke (and purposefully mess up to complete a sidequest), perform environmental kills (who doesn’t want to put their opponent’s head in a running circular saw?), get chased by the police, and probably a lot more I can’t remember at this point; so yeah, pretty damn diverse. The combat may seem very difficult at the beginning (it did to me because I am a retard and never play combo-based fighting games), but it gets incredibly easy once you get the hang of it. Character customization is alright, there’s two “progression trees” you can develop: Cops and Triads, that award you with points depending on how well you did in every mission (you get less cops points if you kill innocent civilians for example), the fighting combos are gained by returning statues to your melee trainer found throughout the main game.Performance: Ferry goot in all regards. I think I had the occasional crash but it wasn’t too bothersome, Steam overlay also didn’t work first for some reason. Other than that mostly 60fps on max settings on a 7950/7970 CFX and a 4770k, nothing to complain there.Should you play this game? Yes, the story is thrilling and thought-out enough for you to make it a worthwhile experience. The Chinese setting is a big plus for everyone into a completely different cultural context. Sleeping Dog’s Hong Kong has a unique feel and character to it, that’s for sure. There’s plenty enough variety in mechanics for you not to get bored in these ~25 hours of gameplay the game has to offer. It’s also pretty to look at. It’s a well-executed triple-A title overall, buy it discounted like I did and you won’t regret your purchase."
,Recommended,307690,17159916,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,X Window Dump,"3 AM in Hong Kong. A group of thugs loiter around a parking lot, waiting for the drug-dealing boss to come back with their pork buns. Suddenly a police motorcycle crashes through a barrier, Cantonese hip hop music blaring. The rider, Wei Shen, wearing a purple puffy coat and aviator sunglasses, leaps off, dramatically drawing his pistol as he falls through the air in slow motion, frantically firing at one thug before finally managing to hit the headshot. Wei proceeds to knee each thug in the groin before throwing them into nearby dumpsters and trunks. With the thugs in pieces and/or car trunks, he hacks the nearby security camera, hops back on his motorcycle, and peels out of the parking lot as the song starts over from the beginning. He hits several pedestrians but doesn't stop, because he's feeling hungry. Hungry for pork buns."
,Recommended,307690,30442491,Posted: 11 March,all,imyuuri,Pretty good game overall.Gameplay: 7Story: 9Graphics:9Music: 7Voice Acting: 8Replayablity: 8Overall: 8
,Recommended,307690,16453628,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Drayg,This is Wei better than the first one!Would bang MiMi Shen10/10
,Recommended,307690,24067820,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Diamond Arcana,"My best friend introduced me to this game, and it quickly became one of my favorites.It tackles two odd tropes: being a cop, and being a cop in Hong Kong.The Asian world is often overlooked as a setting for open-world games, and Sleeping Dogs highlights what a massive mistake it is. Bright neon lights shine overhead as you drive through crowded streets, vendors and tourists plague the sidewalks, and an uncanny mixmatch of colors swirl together to give a strange contrast to the grey and brown of, say, Grand Theft Auto's cities. The game world is, admittedly, a bit too crowded at times, and some textures don't hold up all that well, even in the Definitive Edition, but, when you race along the pavement in the glistening storm, with the life of a city brimming up around you, it's an experience unmatched in its genre.The gameplay is mostly divided into two branches: Triad and Officer.Officer gameplay is most centered around protecting civilians, solving cases through side quests, and generally tackling things in a non-violent fashion. Triad gameplay is a martial arts cousin of the Batman Arkham franchise, with an attack button and a counter button taking up most of your combat controls, with some melee weapons and firearms sprinkled in. You're rewarded with EXP for violent acts, such as environmental takedowns, where you shove someone into a doorway and slam the door on their head, or toss them into a fan and watch their brains become a mess of pink textures and glimmering blood. These are *NOT* morality systems. You're not encouraged to choose one or the other, but rather to balance them both, which is a relieving break from the ""MAKE YOUR CHOICE"" design philosophy that sank the seventh generation.The story is nothing to write home about, but it is intriguing and well-presented. If nothing else, it does an excellent job of mimicking the stress an undercover position would place on an officer, and the conflict of loyalty and respect that would come with it. Wei Shen is a likable protagonist, and he only grows more endearing throughout the game, just like Winston and several of his Triad compatriots, and Raymond and his fellow police officers. There's a stark duality here that is thankfully ignorant of the player's wishes as a deciding factor. You *do not* choose the ending. The ending is prewritten, and it's well-written, which is more than I can say for several player-determinant stories.I can't recommend this game enough. If you enjoy other crime-centric open-world titles, such as Grand Theft Auto or Saint's Row, and want to try something new, you'll find it in Sleeping Dogs. It's odd and charming all at once, with a thick layer of polish to keep it running with its heart shining through.It's clear the people who developed this game cared about making a good game, and I think that's all that really needs to be said."
,Recommended,307690,24098241,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Phil,"A ""very kool"" asian version of GTA. 8/10"
76561198103747786,Recommended,307690,23894908,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,EnemaBandit,"Good graphics, voice acting and good enough undercover cop story. In terms of custumization, cars, outfits, girlfriends, side missions and city scale, it's on par with GTA IV, but with San Andreas or Vice City's arcade style, for a kung fu movie cinematic atmosphere. Really good, really cheap.Played it on PC and Mac as well, excellent performances on both."
76561198059080152,Recommended,307690,23747183,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Teeroy,"Played through the whole game 10/10, its like GTA in china, with some different mechanics but story and gameplay were both fun and enjoyable"
,Recommended,307690,17299895,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,drxela,"To give perspective: My favourite open world game is Saints Row 2. GTA V is the only GTA I've ever liked - the rest get boring and the protagonists aren't very likeable.Sleeping Dogs is everything you want in an open world game. Interesting environment, good story, a protagonist that you actually like, side missions that are 90% of the time really interesting.The characters you interact with are varied and interesting. In fact, as the game unfolds you'll grow to love certain characters and will react to what happens to them because they actually matter to you (something GTA has failed to do for me). The world is well made enough that you'll want to take your time exploring it and searching for collectibles.The combat is great. It has the Arkham games counterattack mechanic happening. You can also use your environment during combat (you can dump guys in a bin, slam them with a car door and beat them senseless with a fish).The DLC packs are... okay. The Year of the Dragon has a relatively interesting story line, while the Nightmare DLC has the typical zombie thing going on (which is either good or bad depending on if you're into that sort of thing). They both provide a decent amount of additional content on top of the main story though.Not much else to say really. If you like open world games, you'll like this game. If you want a game that is like a typical GTA game but with a protagonist who is actually likeable, you'll like this game."
,Recommended,307690,25718514,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Chips,"Wanted to get this game for a long time ever since I watched (Youtuber) theRadBrad play it, but could never run it until I got a new pc yesterday. Anyway I love it so much, the combat, the graphics and the story and theres only really 1 thing I dislike about this game and thats the crazy camera angles you get every now and then although it doesnt bother me too much. Now, go buy it."
76561198159971569,Recommended,307690,23833504,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,✪ Priv4te,"Really cool game , waiting for Sleeping Dogs 2"
76561198086343237,Recommended,307690,31604342,Posted: 7 May,all,Driven.by.demons666,Yakuza meets GTA.
,Recommended,307690,27566527,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WhoIsYourDaddyAndWhatDoesHeDo?,"If you enjoy open world games with a rich story, then you will definitely fall in love with this one!There are so many upgrades, fighting combos, amazing radio stations and, well things to do, that you will not want to stop playing.The story in this game had me hooked from start to finish, and the characters, I fell in love with them :DThe unique martial arts aspect of this game is very satisfying and easy to use.I wish the developers would make a sequel, although that is very unlikely... So my advice would be to enjoy this game from start to finish and who knows, you may just want to playthrough 3 times or more :)"
76561198091797633,Recommended,307690,32747922,Posted: 24 June,all,Fata Signati,"This is a wicked game. Think GTA with martial arts.The story is pretty great, gets VERY sad/dark at times but it adds to the overall experience. It was fairly decent in length. The hours you see below my name were from me grinding out the main story  and only doing a few side things.The unarmed combat I think is where this game really shines. It's just way too addicting. The gun combat is alot of fun as well, but it's not as good as taking 10+ guys in hand-to-hand. Not to mention you can fully utilize the environment, anything from throwing people in dumpsters, to off railings, to slamming car doors on them and throwing them into phone booths.There is tons of stuff to do in this game. Street races, side quests, various collectibles; it's a pretty big variety. The driving in the game is lots of fun and there's a nice variety of vehicles to drive as well. I really liked how they handled clothing in the game. There's tons of different clothes you can buy at various stores, you can go rather in-depth with it. (Glasses, tops, pants, shoes, watches, etc.)I will say the one drawback to this game was how slowly the ""face"" stat leveled up, Basically face is kind of like reputation almost. You can only wear certain clothes and buy certain cars once your face level is high enough. You level the stat up by doing a lot of really badass things (ie using different combinations during fights, making use of the envrionment, etc.)I was only able to make it to about rank 3 1/2 playing through the whole main story; and it goes up to at least 8. I did get it high enough to get an amazing outfit and some cool vehicles though.Overall this is a cool game. It's the summer sale right now so if you've been eyeing it you REALLY need to pick it up."
,Recommended,307690,25134476,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,☠ Panda ☠,"This game is great. The combat system is fantastic and it's an open world so there's plenty of possibilities. A vital tip is that you should get the full ""Mountain Triad Clothing Set"" asap because with the 15% bonus exp you should be able to get all 10 upgrades by the end game. Triad exp, is really only viable through the main story quest line, whereas cop exp can be gained through a ton of side stuff. I'm currently playing through again because I fell short at 9 nine triad upgrades last play through."
,Recommended,307690,32557996,Posted: 18 June,all,ThatWhiteGuy884,"Criminally underrated game, much better story than GTA5, great melee combat"
76561198014038778,Recommended,307690,30173696,Posted: 25 February,all,Stresemann Morin,-Excellent game-Excellent stroyline-Great characters-Great combats
,Recommended,307690,31434808,Posted: 29 April,all,T H I C C,"Here is my review for Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition (SPOILER ALERT):First off, I'll start with the main game.Story: You play as Wei Shen, undercover cop. This makes for a good story, although it builds up to a choice between Triad and Cop, but that never pans out, and this makes the ending a bit anti-climactic. 8/10 storyGameplay: Wei Shen is pretty good at Kung Fu and the hand to hand combat is really good. You also start using guns after some time with the game and the gun mechanics are decent. 9/10 gameplayDriving: The driving is quite bad. If you hit an immovable object, your car can act weird. I had this incident where I hit a fence and it bounced me back quite a bit. The driving itself isn't too bad until you start racing, and this is where it becomes awkward, especially with motorbikes. 5/10 drivingCharacters: The characters are fairly interesting, although the dating aspect seems like a ploy to make the collectibles appear on your map, making the dates not important to the story. You run into some pretty boring characters like Pendrew, the stereotypical corrupt cop. All in all a big mix of interesting characters, 9/10Bugs: Oh boy, there are quite a few bugs in this game. Most of the bugs I encountered have to do with the driving. The bugs aren't too bad until you play the DLC, but I'll get to that later.Graphics: Sleeping Dogs came out in 2012 and for 2012, the graphics are fine, but Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition came out in 2014 and for 2014, the graphics aren't all that good. 4/10 graphicsAll in all, the main game itself is great, and I think this game is an absolute must-buy, maybe not for the full price, but you should definitely get it at a discount.Nightmare in North PointThis is one of the two big DLC-packs to this game. Hong Kong becomes overrun with Jiang Shi, which is essentially the chinese equivalent of zombies. This makes for a great and interesting story where you learn some stuff about chinese mythology. There aren't that many bugs, but the story is short, which drags my final score of this DLC down to 8/10Year of the SnakeThis is the other big DLC-pack. In this DLC you play as Wei Shen, full time police officer and you need to stop evil cultists from blowing up Hong Kong, this makes for a decent story, but the side missions are extremely boring and unrewarding. The dlc is also fairly short, 6/10Wheels of FuryIn this mini-DLC, you help Dr Tang test out the DZS-90, which is a super car with guns, emp and improved ramming. The missions themselves are fun and the car is great, but the car is also extremely buggy. I had one incident where it flew across Central, crashing into the hospital, killing me. This car also makes the Class A races a guaranteed win as its EMP device disables the other racers cars, due to the various bugs and glitches on this DLC, I give it a 4/10The Zodiac TournamentThis is a fun little mini-DLC where you go to Zodiac Island in a 70s style kung fu movie and you kick a whole lot of♥♥♥♥♥ I think this DLC is extremely fun and the 70s setting really makes it great. I absolutely love this DLC, 10/10FINAL SCORE AND SUMMARYAll in all, Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition is an absolute underrated gem and it's a must-buy for anyone who enjoys GTA-style games. I have the platinum trophy for this game on PS4 aswell as all the achievements for it on Steam and it's great fun, 8/10 game."
76561198054541354,Recommended,307690,28489118,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Falkyx,"I never really got into GTA, but man do I love this game.Things I really enjoy:- Just driving around Hong Kong, listening to Cantonese Rap or the Warp and Ninja Tune Radio channels (playing Autechre, Bonobo, Hudson Mohawke and lots of other good stuff)- Gripping story, makes you care about the people around you- Good fighting mechanics including finishing your enemies using your environment (altough I wish it was slightly more sophisticated and countering less powerful)- A good variety of missions! (Even though all you can do is drive, shoot, punch people and take pictures, the missions are pretty diverse. You can do cop, triad and neutral missions, including: fight clubs, underground races, drug busting and lots more.)Really good game, I got it for less than 10USD and can only recommend it!"
76561198278956312,Recommended,307690,31532715,Posted: 3 May,all,Thelastsniper,its like gta but instead of shooting everyone you are punching everyone.
,Recommended,307690,31575543,Posted: 6 May,all,Jblade35,"A solid and fun open world game that strikes a good balance between drama and levity; it looks good and runs really well on my modest rig (i5, GTX760) Wei Shen is a great main character and the supporting cast is strong as well."
76561198123477447,Recommended,307690,30207438,Posted: 26 February,all,Fang Queen,"I've beaten this game several times (it's kind of become a once-a-year tradition for me, haha), and it's still one of my all time favorites. Definitely a must-play if you're into these kinds of games, like GTA, Saints Row, Mafia, etc."
76561198067141110,Recommended,307690,31594394,Posted: 6 May,all,Chinese Cowboy,GTA Chinatown Wars II. That is all.
,Recommended,307690,26680157,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,iStealth,"One of the best games i've played in a while,9/10 Story8/10 Graphics4/10 Driving.. it's not very good but not so bad..7/10 Controlls8/10 funOverall: 9.1/10, i'll be waiting for sleeping dogs II hopefully it will also include Multiplayer.However you should really try this game if you're looking for something similiar to GTA but you're more working with police and gangs at the same time!"
76561198047913840,Recommended,307690,16972102,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Kalcore,"Well if you like open world games, then I'm sure you'll like this one. A decent amount of things to do around Hong Kong while taking a break from the story.  The main story was interesting- the idea of being an undercover cop, while having a personal relationship with the gang at the same time. Anyways for $7.50 when I got it on sale, I really did get a lot out of it during this nice time sink."
76561198239184938,Recommended,307690,31610091,Posted: 7 May,all,TeamSoloFeeder,"This game at the beggining was not the best but definitely not the worst. As you progress however the game becomes better an you advance an you learn more combos and attacks, as well as skills. The game is similar to GTA V but also very different. It is essentially GTA with Kung Fu combined. If i had to choose the most fun part of the game, it would be attacking people on the streets with all sorts of combos and fighting gangsters and pulling off a 1vs10 outplay. The story is by far the best i've seen with only the Witcher 3 as an exception. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes GTA and/or Fighting games"
76561198257485314,Recommended,307690,31615622,Posted: 7 May,all,Nikstav,where is sleeping dogs 2????
76561198027335715,Recommended,307690,31641284,Posted: 9 May,all,Codee Dee,"Gameplay: 9/10 The game plays a lot like GTA or a GTA clone with the exception of the hand to hand fighting system.The hand to hand fighting is the best part of the gameplay. The driving system is easy to pick up, but the physics of the driving are not as realistic as GTA. The camera is ocassionaly clunkly while trying to reverse in tight spots. The third person shooting is about what you would expect so no complaints there.Graphics: 7/10 I'm a little late playing this game seeing how the original came out in 2012 with the definitive edition releasing in 2014. The main characters look great, but the faces on the citizens of hong kong are down right ugly. Most of the textures of the city look pretty good with your ocassional side shop looking bad. Red Dead Redemption, which is a similiar game, looked far superior to this and it came out 2 years before Sleeping Dogs.Sound: 8/10 The Overall soundtrack is very good. There were a few songs that came on the radio that I had to jot down becasue I enjoyed listening to them.The voice acting is good. There was one glitch I encountered where the sound of a machine gun continued to play after I had stopped firing it. I had to quit the game and restart it to make it stop. It only happened once, but it was probably one of the most annoying things i've ever experienced in gaming. This would have gotten a 9 if not for that glitch.Story: 8/10 Wei is a very cool character that is easily likeable. I was very interested in seeing him take out the triads, but as the story progressed I begain to wonder if he would end up joining the triads. I  read all of the extra intel on the characters to give me further insight into that character. The story is great, but it is not somehing that I will remember.Overall: 8/10Pros:- Cool protagonist- Good story- Awesome combat- Overall excellent mechanicsCons:- Ocassonal clunky camera when driving- Super annoying machine gun glitch where the audio of a machine gun firing would play continously. only happened once- The rare random glitch.Best Character: Wei ShenTips:- You can always counter.- Collect as many health and jade stautes as you can.- Date all of the girlfriends.- Buy outfits and wear them."
,Recommended,307690,31450468,Posted: 29 April,all,haté,"Probably one of the funnest open world games of all time. Hong Kong seems vibrant and akin to it's real life counterpart, the developers did a really good job in recreating it. Also, probably one of the few games where I prefer the melee combat over shooting. Couldn't recommend this game enough, especially when the definitive edition goes on sale from time to time.DON'T FORGET TO EAT UR PORK BUNS!!!!also, the only game i've ever got all the achievements we lit boyz"
76561197982319707,Recommended,307690,31721357,Posted: 13 May,all,Kaelar,"The masterpiece of all sandbox games. Great story, cool and immersive setting, great music that satisfies pretty much everyone (personally I'm a metalhead but I enjoyed a lot of the electronic stuff too); the combat system is easy enough but at the same time it's fun.If you like martial arts, double agent stories, relationships and action in general this is ze game for you.But, if I had to pick one aspect in particular I'd say the most compelling one is the storyline, no doubt.Too bad Square Enix ain't interested in a sequel, I'd buy it like tomorrow."
,Recommended,307690,30911853,Posted: 2 April,all,Speed,"10/10 YOU CAN TAKE LEAK IN THE LOO AND FLUSH IT TOO!!PS: On a serious note, this game is gold even by todays (2017 as of writing this review) status. Graphics are really beautiful and hand to hand combat is really engaging. If you have few USD/INR/EUR/GBP in your account to spare, then buy this game."
76561198218657257,Recommended,307690,24107095,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BIG smoke,nice graphic and good gameplay
,Recommended,307690,29219227,Posted: 13 January,all,Иoττelling,MY LOVELY RELATIVES COOKINGCHA SIU STORE肥婆.You fei po(never finished it tho...hmmm)
76561198052501405,Recommended,307690,21565070,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,leoncsy5381,"Finally, a game where you drive on the left side. (I'm from Asia)"
,Recommended,307690,21630665,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,geNthytiS[9].,Best of the best 10/10 ;)
76561198069633546,Recommended,307690,33045748,Posted: 30 June,all,Jimmyhahalol2,Story was well written and the whole game was well developed.
,Recommended,307690,33339261,Posted: 7 July,all,ArchiiLV,Graphic could be betterSimple controlsInteresting storyBuy it on sale :)
76561198333693314,Recommended,307690,31651199,Posted: 9 May,all,DionisisGTR,Very nice game highly reccomended !10/10 graphics10/10 story and missions6/10 driving10/10 fights10/10 city and population
76561198112219396,Recommended,307690,28521364,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Chris Walker,"I've completed literally everything there is in this game 100%!!! All achievements unlocked, nothing left! :D This game has to be one of my top top favorite games ever! Love the story, characters and all that! Great visuals and the lighting looks amazing around the Hong Kong map especially when it rains! It keeps me busy for such a long time because there's always stuff to do. Wei Shen you badass mf!"
76561198071453019,Recommended,307690,32863113,Posted: 27 June,all,Green Arrow,ome of the best games i have ever played
76561198074632062,Recommended,307690,33642925,Posted: 18 July,all,violincaster,"Grand Theft Auto if Grand Theft Auto had a decent story, interesting characters, and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,307690,30243454,Posted: 28 February,all,ګupreeh,super hard game
76561198300748308,Recommended,307690,26563101,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,kaffeineman,"Game runs wonderfully on a 2013 MBP w/ GT750M 2gb. I am really enjoying this game, especially the collectables. The devs handled this aspect of the game nicely, as you can see on your minimap where items are that you have already collected. The fighting mechanics are great and gunplay is pretty fun. There is a decent variety of missions thus far.The biggest downside is the camera angle during driving. It is super frustrating to try and move the camera while driving, so it best left alone. Also, the definitive edition includes tons of great DLC, but you can acess game changing content (legendary costumes) super early in the game. Nothing that should deter anyone from getting the game, especially if you grab it on sale!"
,Recommended,307690,27332393,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DirectorHirameki,"This is an amazing game. To me this game was not just about the DLC or the fact that it was open world. To me it was about the story. The story is so intense. The story is what makes me addicted to this game. I've played about 5 times already, and it is so much fun. I also love the combat, and the driving. It's fun to bust the window and shoot at enemies driving behind you and bust their tires. The driving isn't realistic, but in this game it doesn't have to be. If any one doesn't know, there was an interview with an ex-triad who said this game depicts the violence that happens among the triads. It's said that the company who made the game went out of business, cause there should be more games like this one. I can't find another game like this one. It is an underrated gem. Play it if you haven't already."
,Recommended,307690,27355800,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hoshiceo,"This a solid, fun sandbox game with good shooting mechanics, excellent melee mechanics, a decent storyline, plenty of exploration, a vibrant series of cities to explore, and tons of replayability. It does nothing particularly amazingly aside from perhaps the melee mechanics and the sense of progression, but it does nothing poorly.It's a solid game that left me with great memories and a sense of fulfilled fun. I think every dollar was worth it. It ran well on my old computer, it runs really well on my new computer. It's very visually pretty, and it's a great PC port.It's also, without a doubt, the best car-fu simulator on the market. Not only that, but its top-notch throw-a-Chinese-person-into-traffic system can't be beat."
76561198114583714,Recommended,307690,28036059,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Hitomi Arai,"this game contains all the excitement. from fighting to racing, you name it all... a lot of challenge to do. and above all it has a wonderful story."
,Recommended,307690,27385539,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cjtang,"Great fighting system. Nice balance of story and open-world. It feels like a GTA without the immense sprawl and overwhelming number of things to do. If you are someone who doesn't have the time to devote to games, but still like completing every aspect of a game, Sleeping Dogs will scratch your open-world GTA itch."
,Recommended,307690,27412142,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,王小龙,It's like GTA but in an Asian setting. Way better in most aspects. Better get it now while it's on sale.
,Recommended,307690,27921550,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sleek,"Okay so from the perspective of someone of Chinese descent from Hong Kong, I have got to say they nailed a lot of the authenticity in the language side.The various random npc converstations is very similar to what I would hear around chinatowns and family gatherings though some of the cutscene conversations where it's English but then throwing in random Cantonese swearing in the middle of it is very unappealing and unauthentic. If anything it's more likely to go the other way around. There were a few iffy translations and various things that are a bit hard to translate directly to English.Gameplay-wise, I am impressed with the driving, its better than what I expected from an open world game that doesn't mainly focus on the driving. It's obviously not the best but it serves it purpose and still is enjoyable.The melee focused combat is relatively good though a bit straining on long sessions.Gunplay is actually pretty good despite the focus being held on melee combat.Storyline was pretty fun and something that can keep you going. Many moments similar to some of those Hong Kong action films you may have seen before."
76561198156048102,Recommended,307690,30209316,Posted: 26 February,all,SaPpHiRe,"The Good-Great combat, very brutal too-Fun missions-Plenty to do as previous DLCs are included-Intriguing story-Vibrant urban atmosphere-Awesome soundtrack-Can tase and handcuff people whenever i want to"
,Recommended,307690,16157808,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Emax,"THIS GAME HAVE THE POTENTIAL TO BEAT GTA!!!The game has nice graphics similar to the latest GTA series:GTA V.However,it has features that GTA doesn't have such as:-Ability to have multiple vehicles;regardless of cars or motorcycle parked in the parking-lot similar to the mechanics of a garage.-Martial arts ofc!It has an interesting story line with the hero being a guy named Wei Shen,an undercover cop situated in Hong Kong and disguised as a gangster to tackle the crimes in HK.It gets interesting as the story goes as Wei slowly meets gang leaders and well,I wouldn't spoil the experience for those who haven't bought this game.IF YOU HAVEN'T BUY THIS GAME YET,BUY IT!!!Btw,martial arts ftw :D"
76561198356188450,Recommended,307690,31551067,Posted: 4 May,all,videogamingdad71,just what i needed.awsome game
76561198062482228,Recommended,307690,27756273,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PHONI,"A game that should have received a sequel, SD brings players into a vibrant Hong Kong, eschewing guns for a visceral hand-to-hand combat system. It's big, it's flashy, it has great music and it doesn't take itself too seriously. Whenever I miss HK I just need to fire up SD to re-capture the feeling. I do hope the developers get picked up by other studios, they showed their talent with this game."
,Recommended,307690,25344776,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,[KoJ] Godfrey,"If you are in desperate need of an action packed story driven game, this is for you. Sleeping Dogs has absolutely outstanding graphics for its age. The game has fantastic voice acting, animations and characters. The game comes with many dramatic losses as well as adrenaline driven missions. I would 100% suggest this to anyone that enjoys free roam and action. There is something about hopping from one car to another in a high speed chase which makes your heart rushing."
,Recommended,307690,24438906,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,cross my heart n i hope to die,"gr8 game, DLCs are OK (dont even bother playing the ""Year of The Snake""DLC). Story Rich. 8/10"
76561198260690588,Recommended,307690,29934320,Posted: 14 February,all,󠀡RadicalꝐsychosis,"Was a great Grand Theft Auto fan. Questioned my fandom after playing this game.Story is so engaging you can't stop playing. Even though underrated, this is a game done right. We don't get much of these anymore.This game is definitely my favorite game of all time"
76561198292961986,Recommended,307690,31178562,Posted: 16 April,all,mONDAY,"fun and great game ,for me better than gtapls make sleeping dog 2 i will pre order ."
76561198011121714,Recommended,307690,18450755,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,KiMPOi,"Great game, I really enjoy playing this game, free run, fight the cop and mobsterhope there will be a sequel with more variance move of fighting style hahaha"
,Recommended,307690,16920592,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Dr. Foreskin,"I rarely play 1 player games just recently I picked up Sleeping Dogs when it was on sale and Im glad I did. The game is amazing and everything inside of it. The driving is the only thing negative i could say about it but even that isn't terrible once you get used to. The complete game will suck you with its story line and will leave you wanting more. I beat it in about 13 hours but still have tons to do, I was wrapped in always tryin to see whats going to happen next."
76561198044515127,Recommended,307690,33391581,Posted: 8 July,all,☠ NΣL*,Pok kais and Pork Buns.10/10
76561198079584794,Recommended,307690,28871036,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Phoenix,"Really fun game. It's like a mix between GTA, Assassin's Creed, and Need for Speed, but also with its own things added in. The story is nice although the ending could have been better but it's interesting seeing Hong Kong and the triads.9/10"
76561198057041999,Recommended,307690,34197969,Posted: 12 August,all,sk00L,buy it
,Recommended,307690,34160003,Posted: 10 August,all,RadioactiveJade,"When I first got the Definitive Edition I was worried I might've made a mistake, as it looked exactly like the original Sleeping Dogs. Having played it through, I can say for sure: it's worth every penny! The city feels even more alive. All the issues many people were having with aiming and shooting have been fixed. Great story and music, too. The only thing I hated is how the camera goes all haywire when you turn your car around. Some people have said the driving is terrible, but I've found it only bad with certain cars. Some handle much better than others, and once I found one I liked driving became a lot of fun. It's a shame there will be no sequel."
76561198126440306,Recommended,307690,34176548,Posted: 11 August,all,rascal,"Do you think you would enjoy ramming people with you car door? Thats just one little thingy you can do though, a drop inthe bucket if you will. Though the combat is very batmany but it still plays pretty well. The gunplay is pretty nice as well, but you don't do very much of it due to location. Over all this game is pretty nifty, but the chicken betts are really ♥♥♥♥en hard to win. Oh yeah, and all the missons are more or less the same thing, just in different parts of the map. Still pretty fun though."
,Recommended,307690,34177980,Posted: 11 August,all,Prof.Milad a.k.a the Polymath,"Great atmosphere. great story but Fed up driving mechanics and bad level design will leave a bitter taste afterword and makes you say ""should I go back to it?""."
76561198022703219,Recommended,307690,34178267,Posted: 11 August,all,Cockasian,not as good as bad rats smh
76561198138023241,Recommended,307690,34174911,Posted: 11 August,all,Mr. Meeth,"I wouldn't compare this to GTA at all, I will however say it's kinda like Bully mixed with Batman Arkham in the way they dealt with the fighting mechanics. The fighting is excellent and the story is intersting enough to keep me playing. The open world is very atmospheric in some areas such as the markets. I'd say it's worth full price."
,Recommended,307690,33595122,Posted: 16 July,all,ohboy,"I learned a new phrase.""pok gai"""
,Recommended,307690,34317915,Posted: 17 August,all,#YesCultLeader,Absolutely phenomenal
76561198114612951,Recommended,307690,33879983,Posted: 29 July,all,1Danstone1,"I bought this game in the fall of 2015 but I haven't played it.  I tried it a few weeks ago,  and damn, what a diamond I had hidden in my library. It's one of the best games that I played lately,  it has a great story with many turns and twists. I would say that this game has something from the Batman series, something from Need for Speed, something from Assassin's Creed and good music for every taste.Positive.-it has pretty graphics considering the age of the game.-big open world with many events.-Emma Stone.-many collectibles.Negative.-the driving phisiqs aren't the best.-the game has a few glitches.-weapons accuracy isn't the bestOverall I think that it's a pretty good game that deserves a chance."
76561198260084524,Recommended,307690,25723605,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Reed Wan,I finish this game 3 times & never get bored of it.
76561198371009329,Recommended,307690,34255721,Posted: 15 August,all,xIEMBIxCRNACx,Bruce Lee meet's gta..and it's awesome :3DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND PLAY THIS MASTERPIECE.pros: graphicgunplayFIGHTING !!!!!!storyside questsopen worldcons:drivingrace missionsThis game will work on potato.Played on pentium g3260/gtx 750 2gb/ 8gb ram on Ultra  40-60fps v sync on.
76561198308042175,Recommended,307690,34233771,Posted: 14 August,all,Microsoft Excel,"A very good game, immersive storyline, deep & well written characters. Just plain ol' goodness inside"
,Recommended,307690,14765432,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Bridge to Terabithia,"The world of Sleeping Dogs is absolutely gorgeous. I remember playing this when it came out, and now replaying it just gets better. If you love open sandbox games do yourself a favor and play this one."
,Recommended,307690,29853305,Posted: 11 February,all,Plantaquatix,"This game is great! The story gets a bit confusing at time but it's still pretty good. Cars can be a bit wonky to control but once you get the hang of it, its not that bad (it's much better with a controller). I wish more of the dialogue was in Cantonese (with subs obviously) since you ARE in Hong Kong, but that's just a minor problem.It's a shame that the studio that made the game shut down."
,Recommended,307690,34719706,Posted: 3 September,all,Vigil Delirus,"Sleeping dogs is really good.Excellent story, amazing city, best radios I've heard, neat cars but most importantly, it has karaoke and cockfighting."
76561198018235787,Recommended,307690,23307341,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,LVMADDOC,"Sleeping Dogs: Definitive EditionWhat can I say - I really enjoyed this game. I really liked that at this game at the same time you had two story-lines - one as a cop and the second one as a triad member. I really enjoyed those many possibilities- fight clubs, races, drug trader busts etc. I also enjoyed playing as cop, because you had few good and useful possibilities as a cop - like commander a vehicle, arrest people, use taser...  I am very satisfied with this game and I totally recommend it!There are also few things I didn't like:* Driving with motocycles (not very realistic physics + it was really annoying when the bike flew up in the sky when you ran onto some very small borders of road)* Driving in general (like physics; acceleration speeds)* Camera anglesI really hope that there will be some similar games to this one!Totally worth the price!"
76561198252076164,Recommended,307690,29115111,Posted: 8 January,all,FuJI,This game reminded me about old time.It's very fun but I still wait for co-op.
76561198028076296,Recommended,307690,25796869,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TYALH,If ye don't have a ♥♥♥♥in pork bun...you ain't no MANNN
,Recommended,307690,34876028,Posted: 10 September,all,CannonFlare,"Really an amazing game , worth the money . Great graphics decent storyline and seriously the only game to compete GTA5."
76561198043997600,Recommended,307690,29124856,Posted: 8 January,all,zaysaki,I was surprised by how good it was
,Recommended,307690,21650621,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Timeless Guardian,A fun Hong Kong spin on the GTA formula with some Batman esque combat. If your a fan of open world games this one is a lot of fun. Game runs fine once you disable the Touch Pad feature in windows 10.
76561198283616720,Recommended,307690,21655485,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,alexk19901,7/10
76561198048940850,Recommended,307690,23857635,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,imsturtle,"""A man who never eats pork buns is never a whole man"" is one of the best slogan I've ever heard.So ♥♥♥♥ing nasty."
,Recommended,307690,32978578,Posted: 29 June,all,Yurnero,Like always with the Square-Enix games. The feels man. 10/10 would play again.
76561198126110705,Recommended,307690,35211104,Posted: 25 September,all,Doi Doi Doi,"This game is neat , other than GTA , this is the exact game that is fun to play. The missions and story plot is nice.Pros :Neat GraphicsGood battle systemsNice story plotsCons:Lacks of customization in the gameTOO LESS BLOODS !!!!"
,Recommended,307690,35195066,Posted: 24 September,all,MEMINEM,"Sleeping Dogs is a Single-Player, Open World game, based around the story of an undercover cop trying to take down a triad (basically the mafia). It gameplay takes place entirely in the city of Hong Kong, as you move from district to district, completing quests and side jobs. The fighting relies almost entirely on unarmed combat, with melee weapons coming up ocasionally, and guns appearing very rarely. You have to learn different combos and techniques to master progressively more skilled enemies, taking down anyone who stands in your way.Onto the actual review:The game is hands down one of the best games I have ever played so far. I'll write something better later. 8/10"
,Recommended,307690,26186238,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,#OhYouDidn'tKnow?,"Okay. So, after 116 hours of playing,  I think it's time to review the game.Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition is a very good game for those who love open world and city-exploration-type of game.The original version was released in 2012, and the Definitive Edition was released in 2014.You will play as Wei Shen, a member of Sun On Yee gang and a cop, at the same timePro:1. Better textures than the first release2. You don't need to purchase extra DLCs. It's all included in this DE pack3. You live in a beautiful landscape of Hong Kong, with vibrant city lights during the night, and with real-life situations of the HK city itself (the street food, the night market, the temple) they even have Victoria Peak too!4.  You can learn some new Cantonese-words and even some rant in Cantonese :P5. I love the theme song of the Zodiac Tournament trailer6. Upgrading the character is fun (finding Health Shrines, Jade Statues, Fire Opal Statues, Legendary Outfits, etc.)Cons:1. Some movements seem unreal and impossibru (like the action hijack from car to car?) (I know it's a game, but C'mon)2. They cut all the intimate scenes xD3. For a game with the size of about 17 GB, the storyline and gampelay is quite shortTIPS;1. Click ""add to wishlist"" and buy it on sale. The highest discount so far for this game is 80% discount2. Own the DZS-90 Super Car, and shoot or EMP everyone and every car3. Play on maxed graphics setting4. Don't be a POK GAI, be the DAI LAO!Final rating from me: 8.1/10"
76561198128329909,Recommended,307690,33846991,Posted: 27 July,all,yippanator,"best game if your looking for a open world game. lots of fun task, very asian themed if thats what your interested in.worth getting this game."
76561197967736878,Recommended,307690,33847963,Posted: 27 July,all,Nom Bomb,"To clarify the martial art in this game since people think it's kungfuu, the moves are motion captured by none other than UFC welterweight champion George St. Pierre, who has a base in karate. Outside his mma (mixed martial arts) training, he is originally a 3rd dan black belt in Kyokushin karate, and a blackbelt in Shidōkan, which is basically mma with a karate base. The DLC consists of outfits that enable the Muay Thai flying knee, mma superman punch, and the armbar and kneebar Brazilian jiujitsu submissions. You can also level up to earn the double leg takedown with ground and pound. Certainly a game for martial artists with a trained eye who's tired of typical action games with tacky and fake fighting moves. The story leads Wei Shen to a dojo led by his kungfuu instructor, but really it's karate in disguise. Since it is a game that takes place in China it makes sense to have Chinese martial arts. Can't say I blame them for mislabeling.. or couldn't they have hired a kungfuu expert? Shrugs.Aside from having the funnest fighting mechanics out of any GTA-type game, this game is also my favorite ""GTA"" for doing a better job at tying gameplay elements together in harmony, where everything from clothes to dating has a purpose to keep you motivated. I'd give this game an 'A' if it wasn't for the clunky issues that are commonly addressed- cars, camera controls, etc, but I'd still play Sleeping Dogs over GTA any day of the week.Can't help but add that I cracked up when I entered a triad mission after I decided to put on a cop outfit. ""Why, no of course I'm not a rat despite wearing this police uniform!"". ""Oh, sorry I doubted you."", LOL!I love that I'm playing a protagonist who is essentially in the body of George St. Pierre.Bored of GTA? Give Sleeping Dogs a definitive chance!"
,Recommended,307690,34478459,Posted: 25 August,all,K1ng<3,Sleeping dogs -  the world of amazing Hong Kong. Wei Shen is a brave and brave character in this game. Of course it's a pity that many people died from Vey's friends. And in general I will give the game 9/10.
,Recommended,307690,33841254,Posted: 27 July,all,DeStilleGast,"No words for this game, it is absolute fantastic, the music fits good and It didn't even annoy me. Has good store and some hard control to get use to, but it works.Would buy it again."
,Recommended,307690,35213427,Posted: 25 September,all,HurricaneSamy,"Okay, so i have played this game on 3 different consoles and finished the main story 3 times.I can say without a doubt that this game is one of the greatest open world action game ever developed.Pros:Fantastic character growth/developmentIncredible voice actingSuperb Story that will suck you inFighting mechanics are smooth as hellGraphics look great on highest settings (try it in 4k)The map and the city feels very alive and there's many side quests to keep you busy for hours.Its just an incredible game that everyone should play at least onceCons:No sleeping Dogs 2Driving isn't the greatest."
,Recommended,307690,16835005,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Avalanche Mouse-o-Lantern,"Well worth the money. Great story, Memorable characters and moments that really define what gaming is.It is also atmospheric. Plenty of times where I just walked with Wei on the streets, the enviroments and people that wandered around created scenes that made me really enjoy taking note of smaller details, like water effects from rain and cultural achievements.Again, a guranteed enjoyment for most, well worth the original price and a -steal- during sales."
76561198069848695,Recommended,307690,35217777,Posted: 26 September,all,Desperado,"Great Fighting system. If you are a fan of GTA, definely check sleeping dogs. I get this game for 5 bucks, it is a very great deal!"
,Recommended,307690,19399827,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Hom Tanks,"Having played the original 'Sleeping Dogs', I love this game to death. It's right up there next to Saints Row 2 when it comes to best GTA Clone. The reason being is because it nails down that atmosphere and the action just feels good. It has a nice story of Hong Kong Police vs The Triads in which you go undercover and infiltrate as much as possible.Really nails down that Hong Kong atmosphere and gets to the nitty gritty with the Martial Arts combat that I am in love with as I truly have a passion for Martial Arts.There is some gunplay as well that adds really nice action sequences. A lengthy game and loads of content makes this game an absolute purchase when its on sale or even in full price! I say its worth it!"
76561198334287000,Recommended,307690,31593237,Posted: 6 May,all,LikeThis,This game is like injecting heroine directly into your scrotum feeling every ounce of adrenaline pump into the veins of your testicals while simultaneously snorting enough crack to kill a beached whale and then feeling bold enough to shoot up a school filled with disfigured children.
,Recommended,307690,25619915,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Rudbeard,"[This is in regards to the difinitive edition]If you already own the other game with DLC, then don't buy it for more than $10. It's pretty much the same experience. I can feel what they tried to do with this release, but unless enough time has passed that you want to just relive the experience or play through the story again, you'll probably miss a lot of the improvements."
,Recommended,307690,35185910,Posted: 24 September,all,PRESTOSTERONE,Jackie Chan Simulator 2k17
76561198285675795,Recommended,307690,35193531,Posted: 24 September,all,Frost-Zou,就冲背景设定就要给好评啊！虽然中英混合听着还是有些诡异……不过GTA/狗子玩多了不能一言不合找掩体掏枪干反而要肉搏还真有点不习惯……
,Recommended,307690,35189185,Posted: 24 September,all,Sythalron,What. A. Game.Incredible. How did I let this slip under the radar?!?! BUY IT NOW.
76561198078086726,Recommended,307690,35226194,Posted: 26 September,all,Kingo,"Okay so at first glimpse I thought ""oh ♥♥♥♥ yeah GTA in China""Now that ive played through the game a little bit I've come to realize that this game was actual perfectionSo I know that there are people complaining about how the driving is bad and that its just a console game pasted to pc, and those people are right, in a senseIf you play with a controller you actually will enjoy this game way more than with a keyboard, like most Square Enix games on the pc.So I guess what im saying is 10/10 would recommend and buy again"
76561198417266251,Recommended,307690,35230424,Posted: 26 September,all,Phantom,The game is quite good but there are some bugs like I start I mission and I instantly fail for no reason please help
,Recommended,307690,21657752,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Drei,Love this game <3
76561198160228107,Recommended,307690,21653949,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Llama658,this is alot like gta 5 but not as realistic driving
,Recommended,307690,35224588,Posted: 26 September,all,BatMoon,Best game worth to buy9/10
,Recommended,307690,35255046,Posted: 27 September,all,[XOF] Plutia,i don't remember the driving mechanics in this game could be this hardOr i'm just s*ck at it
76561198163724931,Recommended,307690,35341117,Posted: 30 September,all,Jerry Swarovski,this game is really good. i just wish United Front not closed and maybe we can get the sequel of sleepings dogswork perfect on my pc with ultra setting. not even catch a glitch (maybe not yet i guess)already finish both dlc first since my main game i just finish the side quest first. dont have glitch or error or something like that. 10/10
76561198219793543,Recommended,307690,35397435,Posted: 1 October,all,TheRealLittle,"GTA, True Crime Streets of LA, Saints Row, and a few others rolled into one. Some missions are simple, but the story is good, would rate it overall a B+... maybe an A-. $5 bucks well spent!!!"
,Recommended,307690,35281962,Posted: 28 September,all,.::□▪♦xxLoLxx♦▪□::.,Game is based on triad war! One guy who is undercover yet a ex-triad comes back to Hong Kong wonton to help police to remove these triads! Highly recommended if you can’t afford AAA games! Best Free Roam Game in budget! Bought it in sale for ₹145!
,Recommended,307690,14363821,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,lunch masta,"Buy this any time it's on sale. Totally worth it even if you have the original game, especially if you want a re-play. The fact that guns are rare and don't have such a big role in the game is a breath of fresh air from games like GTA or other sand boxes with lots of guns. Driving is hella fun. Characters are memorable and the atmosphere is amazing. Wish you could do more hood rat stuff with Jackie. Wei Shen's on-going struggle with his identity is really amazing and it's something I can relate to. Minus the cop-gangster part.9/10 sequel please"
76561198363398288,Recommended,307690,35308033,Posted: 29 September,all,Vault_Kid,"Great Game, Really enjoyed playing it."
76561198130715976,Recommended,307690,24916139,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Rick Harrison,One of the best open world crime games ever made. Its amazing fighting mechanics coupled with its gripping story make it a game to rival the Grand Theft Auto franchise.
,Recommended,307690,35268483,Posted: 28 September,all,buffjape,"Possibly the best gangster vs. police game I have ever played.Fantastic graphics, great story, varied gameplay + martial arts fighting.What more could you want from a game?Highly recommended."
,Recommended,307690,35264755,Posted: 28 September,all,DUDE.SG,I liked this better than GTA too!
76561197974902655,Recommended,307690,35265117,Posted: 28 September,all,Dizzy aka Koste,This is proof that quality is better than quantity.Defintiely better than GTA beause of better and smoother mechanics.So far biggest challenge is to getting used to drive on the left side of the road.
76561198346141355,Recommended,307690,35279091,Posted: 28 September,all,mylolboy,The game keep shutting down like about 20 minutes! Like last time i plyed it was okay but today there something wrong with it! Please help
,Recommended,307690,23791264,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Swiss☆Miss,"This game is a cross between GTA and Watchdogs and I'll give you one guess as to if I like it better. The fact that you get to play from a cops point of view is great, I honestly wish that there were more games that were like this. Often times when playing this game on my first playthrough I found myself going ""aw♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is it. This is where Wei gets whacked."" The game is intense enough to keep you wanting to move through the storyline and even afterwards, the umber of side quests you have is astounding.Where both GTA and Watchdogs lacked, this game takes those aspects and runs with them. Hacking makes more sense in this game than it did in watchdogs, and the storyline is way more engaging in my opinion. The story actually made sense and what you do was for a reason unlike GTA where you go shoot people for no reason (although if you'd like to do just that you can). I also felt like Wei was relatable and easy to feel bad/good/whatever for unlike a majority of the GTA characters as well.Driving in this game is probably my favorite aspect, as you have achievements unlocked while driving for doing certain actions and that always kept me striving not to cut a corner too sharp or to hit a random person who walked out into the street."
,Recommended,307690,35397898,Posted: 1 October,all,fluffyxfluff,"Changed my life. If it were between the possibility of Sleeping Dogs 2 at the cost of Post Malone, i would shoot him twice to make sure he goes Graa ta ta ta"
76561198131838091,Recommended,307690,35415387,Posted: 2 October,all,MeeZ@♧CoM,"Sleeping Dogs is kind a funny for me because when you enter a vehicle like motorbikes and cars except scooters, then you atleast need to start your engine and where helmet all the time unless the GTA series it doesn't bother the street rules and crash the road all the time.  Besides the game actually efficient against cops, those blips and blue star help detecting some cops nearby and it help you to counter the threat of getting busted."
,Recommended,307690,35408834,Posted: 2 October,all,AgentNr5521,*Breaks Parking Meters to finance his Cockfighting Gambling addiction*I love this game... 10/10
,Recommended,307690,33302574,Posted: 5 July,all,InMeatWeTrust,"Great game, have really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,307690,35413072,Posted: 2 October,all,Ryuk,"Summary:- It's a game like GTA IV, has some Saint row in it and Batman Arkham fighting system.- it takes about 25 hours to complete the game + side quests + 2 DLCs. (a casual play and not achievement hunter based)Pros:- There are 4 cop job cases (side quest) that are well made. Liked them a lot.- The main story is really good. it doesn't feel like a hit and run!- The graphics and visuals are good for the year it launched and kinda good in these days now.- The game has 4 talent tree and 1 HP tree. it makes the fist fights not repetitive. there is a good load of combos!- Most of the hidden things you find in the game does something (unlike most of the open world games).Cons:- After completing the main story, side quests and world events, there's nothing to do. I don't see myself touching it again in future.- there could be more cop cases I guess. they were really good!End line:I bought it on sale and it was totally worth it! Really enjoyed those 25+ hours."
,Recommended,307690,23411826,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,mino,"It's fun for a while but I have no motivation to finish the game. The Definitive edition looks quite nice, but pick up the game on a sale."
,Recommended,307690,23399785,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Cardigait75,"Strongly reccomend.Gta in hong kong spicy sauce.Smaller map, less free roaming live city sensation, but fascinating location and radios, nice story, funny side missions that keep on giving til late in the game, and graphics that keeps very well up to date."
,Recommended,307690,16832308,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"If Sleeping Dogs is a Pork Bun, this version is like two Pork Buns, maybe even three."
76561197961123824,Recommended,307690,35184084,Posted: 24 September,all,Drateri,"Great game for the sale price, amazed I missed it on initial release."
,Recommended,307690,35199425,Posted: 25 September,all,Boujjee®,"Very fun game, good to pass time!!"
76561198017114931,Recommended,307690,35467473,Posted: 4 October,all,xeqtoR™,This is wei cool.
76561198200115753,Recommended,307690,34024343,Posted: 4 August,all,Shinji Ikari's Hand,"It's a pretty fun game. It's also a pretty good GTA clone. It's also a pretty good Kung Fu game.It is also a 9/10, because I did not get a pork bun for this review, and a pork bun in hand makes a man whole."
,Recommended,307690,30288327,Posted: 2 March,all,SEAN,"Good base game, awful, boring dlc"
76561198056312605,Recommended,307690,30292292,Posted: 3 March,all,Messingo,I just wanted a pork bun
,Recommended,307690,30290485,Posted: 2 March,all,Avallach,"This was my first ""GTA"" style game and I must say I was impressed. The story kept me engaged all the way through. I especially enjoyed the racingn and the martial arts combat was fun as well."
,Recommended,307690,30216872,Posted: 27 February,all,saucy noodles,420/69 would question my morality again
,Recommended,307690,30218962,Posted: 27 February,all,fjellaye -iwnl-,"For someone who normally doesn't enjoy single player games, Sleeping Dogs turned out to be a surprisingly great experience! The story is solid, the graphics are solid, and the fighting system is fun and stress relieving. It's an easy 10/10 for me."
,Recommended,307690,24586483,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Drunko,"Extremely fun action sequences where the enjoyable driving and extreme fighting makes this game one of the best gta like third person games. With a great story and lots of content in the open world, sleeping dogs is a must have for people who enjoy action third person games."
76561198071249905,Recommended,307690,34049030,Posted: 5 August,all,birdie774,"This is the best action game I've ever played in the past 10 years. Way better than GTA 5. BTW, it learned a lot from SEGA's Shenmue. Xbox 360 and PS3 play in 720p. Xbox One and PS4 version in 1080p but with jumpy framerate especialy in racing mode. Only PC version achieves 4K 60p. Must have!"
76561198142099129,Recommended,307690,24336289,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,[2.Han.IR]Goldmania™,You can beat someone to death with a fish.A FISH!And there is an achievement for it.10/10 would choose a solmon over a knife to kill.
76561198010177451,Recommended,307690,35498123,Posted: 5 October,all,dessnr,"This has to be one of the most overlooked games I have come across.  It's just an all round full on action game that doesn't stop.  Go, go, go, go, go!  I sincerely enjoyed every moment of it.  It's a GTA 4'ish type game with more to do and a new style.  Absolutely love the hijacking and all of these new ideas.I hope they come out with some more DLC or a sequel.Job well done."
76561198131201833,Recommended,307690,17280155,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Evil,"One of my favourite open world game of all time.Pros :- The combat system is a lot of fun with those street fistfights. But BEWARE for you who love gunfights, you are not able to buy any gun freely. Guns in this game are only available through several special missions and legendary costume shops (when you bought some costumes like agent 47 costume, you will automatically equipped with a gun).- The parkour run in this game is just perfect. It makes the game more charming and gives you more variations to run away from cops or hostiles.- There are many cool vehicles and costumes to collect. I usually wear that Rico Rodriguez costume to spam those grenade launchers.- Badass main character, good voice actings, many memorable scenes & great story.- There are a lot of missions to complete and each mission is different from the others. The missions are not repetitive and makes me want to try them all (which I did).- Destructable environment, normal for an open world like this.- You can develop your character by learning and upgrading his skills (cop skills, triad skills, melee fighting skills) and even his health bar.- Talking about skill, there's this skill that allows you to enter a slow motion mode similar to Max Payne 3.- Sometimes, we are a bit annoyed bt the fact that there's no vehicle nearby when we need it the most. Don't worry, there's a VALET PARK feature, but there's a special requirement for that. You can call your driver anytime (except during quest), anywhere (except if you are standing in places that unaccessable by cars or motorcycles) to deliver your vehicles to your exact location.Cons :- I'm not sure whether this is a cons or not. The amount of weapons in this game is a bit lacking, especially for guns. That's probably because this game's charm is the fistfights, not gunfights. The other explanation is there will be stated in the story that guns are rare in Hongkong. If we can access guns easily like in GTA or Saints Row, those martial art fighting skills will be useless.- If you equip a gun, you cannot interact with some NPCs like food selling NPCs or Parking NPCs because they are afraid of you. This is supported by the ""guns in Hongkong are rare"" logic. Oh, one more thing, if you equipped yourself with a weapon, and then you enter a mission, hoping that you can use that weapon in the mission, no you cannot. Your weapons will be disarmed automatically, so there's no point on keeping that weapon so long.- Melee weapons like knives, etc can broke in battle. You simply can't keep them for long in this game. Your fist is your loyal weapon.- Camera is a bit troublesome when driving, sometimes.Overall, this game gave me great experience and immersion. I feel like a total badass in this game.9/10. Worth the price, worth your time."
76561198113677742,Recommended,307690,13155659,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Zealotry,"fun game, ur money worth it ^^"
,Recommended,307690,12723324,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Master_Obvious,This game has all the nice touches that Sleeping Dogs delivered but with the improved quality of physics and graphics it makes this game stunning.
,Recommended,307690,28309665,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Olivier,"Une grande louche de GTA dans un bouillon asiatique, de la castagne type ""beat them all"" qui pimente, un scenario a croquer comme une brioche de Shanghai sortie du chaudron et une multitude de Dim Sum ultra fun et varies.Un jeu frais, surprenant, amusant dans lequel on plonge avec un vrai plaisir ( que je n'ai jamais eu dans un GTA...)"
76561197987190382,Recommended,307690,13841626,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,vodka_cleric,"its almost like someone took all my favourite kung fu movies and made a game out of them,"
,Recommended,307690,13207117,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Kim Jong Il [GWJ],"I love this game.  Reminds me of my younger days... hanging out in the 'hood with Chow Yun Fat, Jackie Chan, and Bruce Lee... we were tight... LIKE THIS MAN!10/10"
,Recommended,307690,18447268,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Battletoad,Recommended
,Recommended,307690,16822823,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Modulus,great game.. you must play Sleeping Dogs
76561198095147514,Recommended,307690,16332393,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Konstantinos WagenVolks,"After 21+ solid hours i must say that Sleeping Dogs was a fine company to me alongside my beer!Truly magestic graphics intresting enviroment and fights in HongKong.Do you want somethink else?+Enviroment! beautifull HongKong, +Fight system +Intresting Story +Feels like GTA in Asian style ;) :p +2 DLCs are fun :D-Car physics could have been better(feels raw)So all in all if you want somethink diffrent out there and you like Gta then give it a try! 9.5/10 :D"
,Recommended,307690,19581868,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mungiencetron-Z,"This game brings that open world vibe that many will enjoy. One of the greatest strengths of the game is the story and combat system. One of the greatest weaknesses is the camera issue and constant glitches with the DLC outfits. But generally, it is a great game."
,Recommended,307690,12516155,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Born To Conquer,"More missions, more blood, more enemies to kill or break bones (Death by a Thousand Cuts). Buy it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,307690,23807313,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,zanshin13,"The game is great! I am here just to tell that your saves from ORIGINAL game WILL NOT TRANSFER,so I have played ~30 hours of orginal and now need to restart the story, will refund the purchase :/What I have spotted for playing first hour of this version:graphics somewhat betterchanged default keyboard layotnot sure but it seems like cars handling is slightly better and a bit more realisticthe city is more crowdedBottom line:Purchase it if you are not counting on saving the progress from original"
76561197960651343,Recommended,307690,16148411,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,barkbell,kung fu gta
76561198269501357,Recommended,307690,32382870,Posted: 13 June,all,AC DC,great game..20/10..
,Recommended,307690,30493079,Posted: 13 March,all,Ouji Neko,.
76561198170279562,Recommended,307690,28251612,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Thief,"That game has a nice storyline, graphics are pretty cool for it's age. But the driving controls are the worst i've ever seen, when you keep lressing the handbrake you still speed up the car and that's not really logical.I really like the fighting movements, pro for the upgrading abilities, that makes the game more interesting.8.5/10."
,Recommended,307690,24308107,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,TheRealWailord,Pork buns are life.
76561198153716024,Recommended,307690,25937260,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Space,"This game's story was easily one of the best stories I've played through to the very date.  Is this game perfect? No, but it sure is worth a shot. In the game, you are Wei Chen, an undercover cop with a troubled past. Now, in the present, Wei is charged with the task of infiltrating a triad in Hong Kong, the Sun On Yee. It is up to him to do what ever it takes to get them to trust him and for him to take down the Sun On Yee from the inside. The story is one of the greatest parts about this game, it deals with 'stockholm like' stuff and getting overly attached, it also blurs the clear cut line between what is right and wrong. The characters are also memorable and well written.The gameplay is also another great thing about this game. The game is an open world game where you can drive cars or take taxes to your destinations. Driving around the city is pretty fun and the city is fairly large. Along with the main missions, there are other things to be done, such as go on dates, do favors for people, shop for clothes and food, buy cars, stop drug deals, steal cars, karaoke (Yes, karaoke), and do police cases. There are also collectible items and shires to collect/activate, which reward you (New fighting moves and health upgrades).The fighting is another key factor in this game in which the creators take pride in. The fighting is similiar to the Batman Arkham series, but is different enough that it isn't copying it. As you go you, you learn more moves, which is extremely helpful at times to take down those annoying thugs. The fighting is martial arts based and can be very satisfying. There's also 'environmental take-downs', which allow you to shove someone into a fish tank, or close a door on someone's face, or even put them in an ice chopper (brutal!). There's also gunplay in this game that isn't really anything new, but is still fun. There is, however; a slow motion mechanic that is pretty cool. The driving isn't also anything that new, but the cars handle well, depending on the car, and it does have some pretty great driving mechanics.The one problem that I had with the game is that a good majority of the buildings in the game were just shells. It really doesn't affect the gameplay that much, but it is still worth mentioning. Like many open world games, there are radio stations. The music provided in the game is pretty great and adds something special to long drives or even some chase scenes. The missions in the game are very fun, some are similiar but most feel different and are definitely worth the time to play through them (they aren't usually that long). Being that this version is the Definitive Edition, it also comes with the dlc, which adds some more story to do after the campaign. The dlc is definutely worth checking out too.Overall, I had a blast playing through this and I look forward to coming back to in the near future. I personally got this game on sale, but I'd definitely buy it for its full retail price!"
,Recommended,307690,14394185,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,AFriendlyOnionBro,THIS GAME  IS GREAT!10 hours in and I have:-Stolen Flowers-Planned a wedding-dressed up like a monk-Sung Karoke-learnt more Kung Fu-Eat Chinese food-Bought Clothes-Street Raced-Hacked CCTV-Jumped for car roof to car roof-Held a gun on TWO seperate occasions-Did loads of parkour-Drove a bus-Basically everything but be a hardened criminal/undercover cop10/10 would sing I fought the law again.
34856834685478456,Recommended,307690,13657437,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,☠Dr.Sinclair☠,One of the best open world games i've played in a long time
,Recommended,307690,13744742,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,:3 ♡F@rrön♡ :3,A great sandbox game with a nice story.The dlcs are nice as well and very entertaining.Personally I prefer this over Saint's Row or GTA.
,Recommended,307690,13843499,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,HollyTheStrange,GTA Hong Kong edition.
,Recommended,307690,13964234,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,chairbender,"An excellent and particularly immersive open-world action game. I would call this the polar opposite of Saints Row. Saints Row is over-the-top, empowering, grandiose, and ridiculous. Sleeping Dogs seems to strive for immersion, (relatively) intelligent writing, a wealth of more fleshed-out activities, and solid voice acting.The immersion comes from a variety of things. For one, the voice work. A good portion of the dialogue is in Chinese (with English subtitles). However, it's mixed in with a majority of English dialogue, which does seem a bit out-of-place considering everything takes place in China. I wish that a greater majority of the game had been in Chinese, but it's still a good step towards making the world believable. Furthermore, unlike open world games where you quickly acquire a ridiculous arsenal of weaponry you can unleash on the hapless civilians, this game is more reserved. Much of the action takes place via hand-to-hand combat instead of shooting. Also, the game rewards you for driving well, which gives you more of a reason to ""play along"" (unlike games where you can level buildings and go on mass murering sprees with no consequences).Coming from Saints Row, I felt like the writing was a breath of fresh air. It's not spectacular, but it actually manages to make you care a bit about the characters, which is something I have rarely ever experienced in games like this.There's a big variety of activities that have pretty polished mechanics: fighting, karaoke, shooting, and racing. Each of these, while not quite as good as a game focused on those specific mechanics, manages to keep you from getting bored. The fighting is very simple but satisfying - you have one button for attacking, one for grabbing, and one for countering. I will say that it became very easy to win fights simply by waiting and countering, but the game at least encourages you to go for more stylistic combat by rewarding you with XP for doing special things during fights. I was surprised by the karaoke and while not much of a challenge, it gives a nice break from the more action-packed gameplay. The racing is also decent though certainly not realistic. You have a ""powerslide"" button that enables you to pull of cool looking maneuvers and quickly traverse through the city. However, there's a noticeable amount of ""rubberbanding"" (the game speeds up AI opponents when they are behind you and slows them down when in front of you) which makes you feel a little less satisfied when you win and a bit frustrated when you pull of a good maneuver only to have the AI right back on your tail. Finally, the shooting is also decent but nothing special. It's typical cover-based shooter mechanics. They try to change it up by adding a slow-mo effect when you are performing certain moves like vaulting over cover or shooting from a vehicle, which allows you to pull off cinematic action sequences without requiring too much skill or being frustrating.So, overall, I'd say this is really fun if you enjoy open world games. There's plenty of stuff to collect and side-missions to complete, so there's a good amount of replayability, but the main story is also a pretty good experience."
,Recommended,307690,15360164,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Zervalis,very nice game i would suggest you to play
,Recommended,307690,14210381,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,94,"Great game, I really love it."
,Recommended,307690,31245099,Posted: 19 April,all,sidhant.glogang,Best Story Line
,Recommended,307690,27884676,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cobra Lazer Face,An under appreciated gem of stories in videogames.(It's also fun!)
,Recommended,307690,19375156,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Breitbart,"Modern Review for an older game.I had recently picked this up and I had always wanted the game from when I was a consol peasent playing on a xbox 360. The games graphics arn't the greatest and I had experienced one glitch in a full 3 hours of gameplay so it has matured expectedly.The plot is very liear, keep that in mind. this isn't a do whatever rpg like skyrim.The last mention for this is that this game does everything all at once. I mean everything. you play as a cop who gets to bust drug deals, you get to race cars, you get to do gears of war shooting mechanics, you get platformer style fighting in a 3rd person enviorment. you get gta style open world car driving.it has alot of potential (note: Im saying this in late 2015) the concept was great I wish they could do a re make or a sequal to fix all the problems. because its too liear, they didn't focus enough on cars, they didn't make a proper shooting aspect that was noteable, they didnt't make the plot memorable. All of these things could be fixed in a sequal I wish they would make one because at its core I really like the game."
76561198069336394,Recommended,307690,14515219,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,thantisawesome,"Where to begin...This is one of the VERY few games that interest me enough to complete.The story is realistic, and very well written.The Graphics are awesome, hong kong becomes very lively.The Gameplay is one of the strongest aspects, especially KUNG FU FIGHTING, and it is a brutally hard game at points.The side missions are fun and engaging,Last but not least...You can bet on♥♥♥♥♥♥fighting in this game... 100000/10."
76561198152565642,Recommended,307690,28575163,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Wyvern,Expanded my Cantonese profanity vocabulary 10/10
76561198246092608,Recommended,307690,29435488,Posted: 22 January,all,namesuri,Awesome game. Great plot amd combat system. Chinese GTA. Pork bun guy can't get out from my head. Totally recommended. DLC are enjoyable
,Recommended,307690,16617568,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Connor,"It's Wei ♥♥♥♥ing Shen in the flesh, Sun On Yee ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. What do you expect, 18K?"
,Recommended,307690,12844475,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Phorealz,Something about Sleeping Dogs feel like a classic Hong Kong Film.
,Recommended,307690,31534015,Posted: 3 May,all,Batman's Dog ™,Legit feel bad about only paying £3.99 for this on sale. Hardly played anything yet and I know already it is incredible and going to be a really fun game.
,Recommended,307690,14384518,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Ghostface,"This game has not seen the attention it deserves.It is one of the best open world action game.The game is played from a third-person perspective and its world is navigated on-foot or by vehicle like gta series.You are controlling an undercover police officer with pro martial art skills.Fighting is really good in this game mostly you are going to fight with your fists because the game takes place in Hong kong,it's hard to find a gun."
76561198344310117,Recommended,307690,33478610,Posted: 12 July,all,PussCat,"Sleeping DogsPlaytime: 272012 open world action-adventure video game by United Front Games and Square Enix London originally released for PlayStation 3, Windows, and Xbox 360 platforms, and a later definitive version was released for Playstation 4, Xbox One, and Windows. Set in contemporary Hong Kong, the single-player story follows Wei Shen, an undercover Hong Kong-American police officer on assignment to infiltrate the Sun On Yee Triad organization. Gameplay focuses on Shen's fighting, shooting and parkour abilities, and on gadgets that can be used for combat and exploration. Players must complete missions to unlock content and continue the story, but they may instead wander the game's open world and engage in both legal and criminal activities. - from wikipediaPro:+its more fun to fight+the slow mo system is implemented well+some collectible is actually benefit you+the DLC is good post main gameCons:-the enemies, especially the grapple one-the costume is minimum and restricted by face meter-somehow, in my play its always raining in the night(drop my FPS to lowest)-many of the character is not endaring enoughMixed:-cliche undercover story-cheesy dialouge-the hack minigamei give it 8/10"
,Recommended,307690,33552901,Posted: 14 July,all,ZanXV,This game is really a hidden gem. I haven't had this much fun with a game for a while now.One of my favorite games that I'll miss when completed.
,Recommended,307690,33556299,Posted: 15 July,all,Tofu,WEI FUC**** SHEN
,Recommended,307690,33535195,Posted: 14 July,all,k.,"Basically this game is another GTA clone, but the theme is set to 180°. Here you play as an undercover cop trying to cripple down the gang from the inside. This game also have high moral story, deep, serious, realistic, and much darker than any GTA. This game has decent open world, you can do what you want, like steal cars, etc. but your crime is limited and not as much fun as GTA, since this game way is too serious.So let's break down my impression:✔ The graphic is good, the details is great, and the post effect is great.✔ Plenty of songs on radio in high quality❌ But the music radio will reset to beginning of song if you exit and enter the car again, which is not cool✔ Voice acting is great, but❌ Face and character animation is below average, sometimes feel goofy✔ NPC interaction to your character is great, like when you walk past people they will say something that affected by your progress, like""is that the guy from xxxx""or when you drive too close to another car they will be mad, etc.❌ But you can't talk to them✔ Parkour element, and some mission is basically force your parkour skill.❌ And for an action, open world, and parkour game, this game don't have jump button, like seriously the game won't allow you to jump at will. The only time you can jump is when you run and you face an obstacle, release the run button and hit it again so you can jump.✔ 3 main experience progress to level up: cop, triad & face. Level up up to 10 to gain upgrades.✔ This game has a good length for open world, about 12 hours for main story mission only, and about 20-30 hours if you do open world mission too.❌ The story is kinda 'meh' for first few hours, which is bad for first impression and risky for kids who like to buy and refund. But,✔ the story is begin to rise to super interesting from half way of the game, like ""need more 30 minutes"" but you can't stop playing for another 2 hours because the story is good.✔ Story about best friend & betrayal is so thick, which I think is essential to a crime based game and this game is full of it.✔ More martial arts than shooting kind of game, which is good and not a ""basic"" fps game.✔ Realistic weapon carrying, you can't have 7 kind of guns and a baseball bat all the time, instead you can carry one pistol plus one of any other weapon than that including knife and riffles if you found one that can't be carried all the time, and must be dropped at some points.""How much I like enjoy this game""score:7/10 - If this game allow me to do anything I want, especially jump, and kill peds. But this game is about a police story.How much I want to recommend this game score:7.5/10 -  If you like realistic game, fighting crime and gang, you should buy this. But beware, you can't jump."
,Recommended,307690,23867606,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,benjjj6,Why don't you have a pork bun in your hand?!
,Recommended,307690,32796389,Posted: 25 June,all,哼哈-FrankJAAM,Good Great Game. Even compared to GTA>
,Recommended,307690,17033448,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,"Maui, Shapeshifter of Penis",i r8 8/8 m8would play again''like skyrim but with guns and asian people'' -IGNI need to be a whole man! i don't eat enough pork buns! My ancestors are ashamed
76561198064852407,Recommended,307690,23748067,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,pt_kamen,"This right here is an awesome game. This edition has all the DLC in it, but well implemented, in the sense that you won't get a huge dump of stuff at the start of the game, you'll have to earn it (some costumes have special effects, buffs and even different fighting styles).The story is solid. The fighting is so good you'll jump out of a moving car at the chance to beat up some guys.There are some downsides:- Rubber banding in the races. They are optional, but the last one with the rubber banding is pretty nuts- Guns. There shouldn't be any, you don't need them. Ok, they are rare and almost only in certain parts and scripted events.Would buy it again (I actually own the previous version on steam with the DLCs).On a side note, since my abbility to easily aquire Pork Buns in real life is almost nul (not part of my countries cozine) I ended up buying a steamer and making some myself. And it's true, if you never had a pork bun in your life you're not trully a man."
,Recommended,307690,24062064,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MDL,"Good Game, Simple Gameplay should buy"
,Recommended,307690,19300977,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Biologique,What a Game
76561198031154706,Recommended,307690,34609555,Posted: 30 August,all,starlizard70,"Great story, great setting. But you really need a controller to play it, at least for combat. Keyboard/mouse just didn't react fast enough for me to be successful in combat. Maybe I'll try it again if I get a controller for PC."
,Recommended,307690,34402395,Posted: 21 August,all,guchi,"Sleeping Dogs is an open world third person game and because of this i thought it would be similiar to GTA. But this game has completely surpassed GTA in story telling and in my opinion has a much more engaging combat style because they chose martial arts over the classic heavy weapon based combat that GTA offers, you still use weapons in Sleeping Dogs but it focuses more on the martial arts and melee weapon part.Overall i easily recommend this game and i would love to see a sequel in the future."
,Recommended,307690,35330960,Posted: 30 September,all,Ankh,"It's like GTA, but with Kung Fu."
76561197971972173,Recommended,307690,26344119,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Xeno,Superb game. Runs beautifully and looks great. Plays like GTA with martial arts and triads. So much to do and achieve.
,Recommended,307690,34274851,Posted: 16 August,all,M7ashsh,"> Casually broswing Steam store.> Found Sleeping dogs with 75% discount and positive reviews.> Bought and downloaded the game.> Was casually roaming around when I found a massage parlour.> I thought that I will see a naked asian chick giving me a happy ending ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).> Went to the massage parlour.> Found a old ugly fat guy.> Charged me with $HK 1240.> After massaging, the old guy told me to get a hot shower when I get home :(> Left the massage parlour disappointed.11/10 Would get disappointed again."
,Recommended,307690,21658126,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,976-EVIL,best remake ever
,Recommended,307690,19152188,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Firus!,"Now that I've finished the game, I'm qualified to make a review on it. The game starts off with an awesome scene where you run away from the cops, you are captured and you are in jail with Jackie he then takes you to a fight area where you learn combat moves and more. The combat system is really similar to Rocksteady's Batman Arkham franchise in many ways. There are awesome car chases with guns, like when you capture Naz. The game features more things than Grand Theft Auto EX: Shooting while driving, Karaoke, Face Level, Cop Missions, Triad Missions, Door slam, and more! I really like the Defenitive Edition, I had the original one on Xbox 360 and I played it for hours and hours on end. I played this for days and days. The graphics are great on the next gen!"
,Recommended,307690,19202101,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,SirPigeon,"Sleeping dogs is a great game, it has a good storyline and the exploration of the world and side missions are equallys as fun. It is basically gta in Hong Kong but with a much more in depth combat with kung fu and blocks means you do actaully need some skill as guns are not often used in this game(GOTTA LOVE THE RADIO IN YOUR CAR #softlyradioforever). I thoroughly recommend this to all open world and martial art enthiusiats, also the racing is great, the lineswoman is usually run overby npcs..."
,Recommended,307690,18359446,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Desmight,"It's good.Score: 8,5/10."
76561198078565481,Recommended,307690,34683771,Posted: 2 September,all,The_damn_train,"Sometimes very repetitive, but game is awesome"
,Recommended,307690,12468641,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,PuddingBytes,"Very good under rated game. In the old version I could never run it at 60fps, but this new version runs great. I enjoy the main gameplay Sleeping Dogs, the fighting and parkour and what not. But I wish there was more sequences with guns. But fun game none the less and more than worth it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,307690,25688642,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Kitajoza_07,GG
,Recommended,307690,35164430,Posted: 23 September,all,BR0K3NT3RRA | Pvpro.com,"Gta V but in Hong Kong , with Third person control only :D Kinda lags for me due to pc prob .... If u have a pc that can run , well U can enjoy so bad !!!!!!!"
,Recommended,307690,12675266,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Supernintendoh,"But only if you have not played the game before. The game runs great on my system and all setting's set to high. As for HD i cannot tell if its implented or not as the game looks great. I have the original and the game looks great but its been awhile since I have boot it up.The game has all the DLC as far as I can tell. It does come with the story add on's which its a big plus.I think its worth $30.00 for the first time play, as for us that have played it already even the 50% off if some what fair if you do not own any of the DLC.8350FX 8Core 4.0GHz16GB Ram2x 580 GTX 3GB SLIAs Far as Density.Traffic seems the same. I have not run into a lot more traffic at all. As for pedestrians, seems like it has more and have seen some new people, I assume at least. But it does have more going on. hope the Review HelpsGameplay 10/10Graphics 10/10"
76561198019109823,Recommended,307690,17101554,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Heil Hank,"Chinese GTA, Fun to playa round on, and a great story."
,Not Recommended,307690,25687326,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Milkmedaddy,"I enjoy the game but for pc there are a lot of bugs and crashes. If you check around, a lot of people have the same problem. My game kept crashing every 10 minutes. After a fix, I thought all the problems were over. But, after starting the Club BamBam mission, my game kept crashing at the Benny scene. I had to keep replaying it and man, it's awful."
,Recommended,307690,12652094,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,MistahHamehs,The closest we're ever getting to a Yakuza game on Steam.
76561198018095001,Recommended,307690,13177602,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Jugspace302,"Im really enoying the game, but something wierd happened. The graphics were looking fine until i tabbed out of the game and came back in to find all the graphics were ridiculously horrible. It was like everything was on low settings and I have been playing on extreme settings. I change the settings and nothing happens. I re-download the game and I still cant change the settings. Anyone know a solution to this?"
76561198071000088,Recommended,307690,13807015,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Pope Francis,"Still have yet to find any sleeping dogs, anyway fun game would buy again!"
76561198053787776,Recommended,307690,14359608,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Fully Engorged Sin Sword,"Take GTA, now make everyone Asian, and place it in one of those cheesy kung-fu movie settings.You have Sleeping Dogs and it's amazing."
,Recommended,307690,31193499,Posted: 16 April,all,AMX121,AWESOME COMBAT!!
76561198313930297,Recommended,307690,28600161,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,hatihatiboi,nice game9/10
,Recommended,307690,13285177,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,kopke,"The gameplay is 8 / 10 - The auto-centering camera is not good. During the action hijack ""scenes"" the camera goes pretty crazy too. Everything else is bredy godThe story is 9 /10 - its good and pretty memorablePork Buns 10/10"
,Recommended,307690,12707373,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,joe,You can grab purses and ♥♥♥♥♥ slap people with them. 10/10
,Recommended,307690,23728656,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Gojila.,Donnie Yen simulator 2014
,Recommended,307690,19309354,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,BeefSupreme,Very underated. One of the best games ever.
76561198107075061,Recommended,307690,23983925,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DILWALE_BEAST,superb game solid story line great enhanced graphics.... a genuine master piece by SQUARE ENIX...
,Recommended,307690,28866774,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,maybeFADS,price=gameplay
76561198007005522,Recommended,307690,30029470,Posted: 19 February,all,franky_so,What a wonderful game... sadiy no more new DLCs or versions... I've played this game for about 10 times on Mac / PS3 platform... so addicted.
,Recommended,307690,35157262,Posted: 23 September,all,Akinari.tea,I really love the fighting style in this game
76561198191560869,Recommended,307690,35156647,Posted: 23 September,all,Meow,Better than GTA
76561198046661359,Recommended,307690,19649177,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,El Vaquero,"Like a Hong Kong GTA, but with less years of experience behind it. Enjoyed the melee fighting a lot"
,Recommended,307690,34697992,Posted: 2 September,all,oujisan2236,I at first did not like this game had it on PS3 thought it was okay but wasnt my thing collected dust.Got this dirt cheap somewhere thought id give it a try and now im likling it donno why could be cause im now playing in ultrawide and 60fps?Otherwise yeah im liking it
,Recommended,307690,16838358,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Ryan Evanz,its sale! buy this game! cheap n interesting!
,Recommended,307690,23109160,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,YRYR♪♪ | Nico Yazawa♥,"I dunno why, it says I dont meet requirements on mac.  Played on pc though, on lowest settings but completely worth it.Oh and mac specs are:Processor:2.5 GHz Intel Core i5, 8 gb 1333 mhz ddr3, amd radeon hd 6750m 512 mb"
,Recommended,307690,20138994,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Pain,If you are a big fan or love a lot of...- martial arts combat- Asian enviroment specifictly East Asian- the story about standing between Cops and Chinese gangs inclusive figthing against their rival gangs...Then I'd strongly recommend you to buy this game without asking me why.
,Recommended,307690,35187198,Posted: 24 September,all,Aeronancer,">Wear gym outfit with bandana>Learn inner karate power>Rob convenience store>Can't open registers ♥♥♥♥>Decides to wait for paramedics>Paramedics arrive, running circles in front of the store for 2 minutes before going in>""It's too late"">I kill one paramedic, while the other one screams in naruto and makes a run for the ambulance car>smirk.jpeg>I chase the ♥♥♥♥er>Gets in pasenger seat>He drives faster>I kick him out of the car>IMMEDIATELY gets ♥♥♥♥ing killed by an uncoming truck>I laugh like a fat neckbearded /pol/ goy>writes review10/10"
,Not Recommended,307690,28671011,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,~Rikka ツ,"I've already completed the game on Xbox and there's not a doubt in my mind that this is a great game. Sadly, the PC version doesn't work and crashes very frequently, essentially making it unplayable.The developers have not been providing help or making updates for a long time so there seems to be no hope of a fix either.Therefore I'll have to give this game a negative review but, if you have a game console that can play it then I definitely recommend you play it there!"
,Recommended,307690,13627336,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,for pie,"I ate porkbun, became real man, 100%'d, accidentally overwrited savegame, uninstalled.4/20"
,Not Recommended,307690,16826936,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Indythedefender,"This game flat out lies in its minimum requirements. It will not run on an Intel HD 2500. It will not run on an Intel HD 3000. Square Enix refused to test their game again to find updated minimum requirements, instead posting the minimum requirements for the original version of the game (which has of course been taken off of steam to force players to buy the ""updated"" version which costs $20 more). Unfortunately, I bought this game far before the new Steam refund policy was updated, so I am stuck with a useless game that I wasted $30 on. Don't bother reading the System Requirements."
,Not Recommended,307690,30109586,Posted: 22 February,all,NEDzorz,"I have wondered for some time now if I should get the definitive edition of sleeping dogs as  I enjoyed the origninal sleeping dogs years ago. The definitive edition is definitively an unsubstantial improvement to sleeping dogs for the computer.The definitive edition offers slightly improved models in cinematic mode as well as horrible physics objects added to the world that serve no purpose other than to highlight that the physics are terrible. Also your save from the original sleeping dogs DOES NOT work in the definitive edition (despite no change in story or content) and achievements occassionally do not unlock. Those last issues werent a factor for me, but its worth mentioning. This was a shoddy attempt to resell the same game, unlike some other remastered games.If you have played gta on the computer, it is impossible to ignore how clunky sleeping dogs is. I refunded."
,Recommended,307690,12422671,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Castro Wilde,"I like the graphical changes, Hong Kong really does feel alive.I don't like the lack of save compatibility.I bought it because of the DLCs. I wanted to complete all the achievements, but that was impossible, since it's a separate game, and isn't an upgrade. Okay, I said, no problem, I'll just load my save file and just play the DLC stuff. Oh wait, you can't do that - the save gets ""corrupted"". Also the controls are changed (since when is counter ""e""?!).Still, if you haven't played the normal version and/or want to get the DLCs - buy this. The game is amazing, the story is cool, there are lots of things to do."
76561197984792646,Not Recommended,307690,16088118,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Red_Plague,"Not much of a remastering. More like ""no compensations for original game and DLC's you already had"".As always - very lame computer port with sloppy controls. A whole bunch of bugs from the old version and much more new ones. They didn't even bother to fix the bug with losing weapons after buying food, drinks or hookers.And once again, every time you take or finish a mission car radio switches to some hip-hoppy crap."
76561198358442701,Recommended,307690,30011146,Posted: 18 February,all,FancyNancy,本次游戏体验是非常愉快的，18个小时的游戏时间中间还有好多过场动画跳过了，所以阿杰死去的情节被我跳过了（遗憾……），游戏之中的音乐以及周围人设的声音好评让人置身于热闹繁华的香港城市之间，打斗场面的拳拳到肉也十分令我满意。它相较于我们平时热衷的GTA5，在互动上下的功夫更多，有卡拉OK、解密、开锁、找寻密码等一系列丰富多彩的任务，而且在碰撞人物的过程中，人物会有不同的动作触发，这是我所关注到的游戏细节上做的到位的地方，如果此游戏10分满分的话，我综合以上的优点会打8分。下面说说缺点，剧情有点繁乱，本来以为狗眼林是最终BOSS，结果又来了个大嘴李，最后又来个佩德鲁，所以一直就有BOSS陪伴在我们身边（滑稽），还有主角对于自己的定位确实也十分挣扎，这虽然可以理解，但是又有些过激了感觉，这也不是让我感觉很满意，最后，我要吐槽的一点就是人物的脸部设计完全与周围环境设计相违和，感觉人物的脸型 眼部都是贴上去的，十分不和谐，不自然，这让我刚刚对香港环境激发起的climax又褪去，好好的一个港仔，非要说着流利的英语来显示自己的旧金山生活，不如入乡随俗说地道的粤语才是，如果这样我可能就会给到8.5到9的高分了。别的真的没什么吐槽的，或许Social Club还有吐槽的地方，不过我暂时还没有玩那么多，只是把主线任务做完了而已，总体感觉真的是很良心的作品，虽然公司已经沙扬娜拉了，但是我仍然对这一部Sleeping Dogs饱含热情，永远热血永远无赖地战斗下去。
,Recommended,307690,23623042,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,PhoenixKnight,If you like martial arts and parkour. Then this game is for you as it has an amazing story that you can easily get hooked off. The games setting is brilliant as it feels like your actual in Hong Kong. 10/10 would recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,307690,30351088,Posted: 5 March,all,22justin,Better than GTA series imo.
,Recommended,307690,14360032,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Meriç,"Best graphics , best combat system , best freeruning system.  2 words ; BUY THIS."
,Recommended,307690,16819821,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,SSURYC,I killed and had sex with Asians10/10
76561198135286047,Recommended,307690,18136243,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,DelialFallen,One of the most fun and satisfying games I've ever played.
,Recommended,307690,22189534,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,PisspoTato,"An extremely enjoyable open world game that has incredible lighting and effects, and enjoyable story and a vivid, lively open world hongkong that makes you feel as if you have stepped into hong kong yourself.Sleeping dogs has incredible graphics for its age (mind you, the difinitive edition only added denser crowds, breakable objects and inproved lighting to the original 2012 release), and the city of hong kong feels alive, with the beautiful night markets with neon signs to the city centre and the densely packed pedestrians, who speak either english, cantonese or a mix. of course with today's technoloogy, we can do so much better, so keep your fingers crossed for a sequel.Well to the story. Its pretty well written, and do contain some surprises, and you can really feel the tension between Wei and his police handlers. Its a shame how you do not get a choice of how the story goes, but the ending is pretty dark, and does show the emotional deaths, betrayal and decisions wei makes in the end.Another problem with the game, the developers used too many stereotypes. For example, some of the npcs in the game have such a heavy chinese accent (true, some do, but not all) and some of events in the game feels like its taken from a typical hong kong film (though the game is supposed to have the hong kong martial arts movie feel). The map is big, but of course there are still areas that are inaccessible, and i hope they do create a sequel with a larger, more lifelike hong kong.The fighting and environmental kills do offer a unique taste to the game, and the bullet time when shooting and driving is well done. But some of the controls feel sluggish sometimes, and this game is not without some bugs and glitches which either cause your game to crash or force you to restart the mission.I would give this game an 8/10. a severely underrated game. oh have i mentioned that this game has better hacking than watch_dogs (better, but watchdogs have alot more). Its a bargain to buy this game, especially during steam sales. With its success in its formula, i have a feeling the developers could not be working on an actual sequal (or maybe with a new character), since they game up on triad wars."
76561198106046813,Recommended,307690,26091450,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Takagi,You gotta try the Pork Bun..97% of Chinese Doctors found this asHealth Regenerating Food of Hong Kong
,Recommended,307690,32965754,Posted: 28 June,all,GamblezZ,"lots of fun than the GTA, hard mission but just enjoy it !!!"
,Recommended,307690,29425752,Posted: 22 January,all,12 kg of lard,The racing missions are really annoying
76561198052989936,Recommended,307690,13081761,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Zafarnama,"It's like a good Jet Li movie, with a well written and imersive story.The combat is especially fun and it I never got bored pumelling random inconsequential foes, which I can't say the same for many other po-faced cookie cutter sandboxes.The great storyline missions aside, the generous variety of side quests feel rewarding to complete for the most part, with very little filler and fetch quests to waste your time with.I could hardly flaw this game, a refreshing experience in an ocean of mediocrity."
76561198157038014,Recommended,307690,20885990,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ugly-bassterd,"Paying i think $12 for the definitive edition makes me a happy buyer here!I found the story had a hilarious amount of f-bombs thrown in it... it has the open world feel of a grand theft auto, but i found the fighting mechanics more akin to a beat em up style game....The graphics are ok but some of the old textures that didnt get re-done in high def stick out...i had fun with this game, one of the best parts were the insane costumes, with some crazy power ups that come with them!i recomend playing this with a controller!"
,Recommended,307690,18775656,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Mighty Pillow,"A great sandbox style game that I enjoyed exploring in. A great storyline where the characters were actually likeable. Great fighting mechanics where I didn't get sick of them quickly like an Assassin's creed game. I enjoyed learning new fighting moves.I got a good 40 hours out of this game, including most of the DLC. This game is definitely worth getting."
76561198152544095,Recommended,307690,23665541,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BlizzardKhaos,"This game is so freaking amazing, beautiful graphics, smooth controls. It's completely worth the price if you're a fan of martial arts and games that feature martial arts"
76561198147741763,Recommended,307690,28129781,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,[F4MOU5]Camper,Do you want to run through the streets like you are in a Tom Cruise action movie?Do you want to stuff people into air conditioning fans and cut thier face?Do you want to be a cop and a criminal at the same time?Then this game is for you.11/10 better than expected.
,Recommended,307690,29349586,Posted: 18 January,all,baby,Finally unlocked the SWAT outfit. Then proceeded to arrest everyone on the street. 9/10 would arrest innocent civillians again.
76561198043750337,Not Recommended,307690,19056371,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Dizznit,"I really want to love this game bc the combat has so much potential. There's just a couple glaring defects that makes this game unplayable for me.First, its openworld like a GTA, but the camera angles are atroshish!!! So trying to look at any one object in the game is frustrating. Which makes me not want to explore the world too much.Second, the game clearly puts a premium on careful driving and rewards you for being careful every chance it gets. Once you understand this your fine. But the driving isnt all that fluid, its second rate to a GTA or even a Saints Row 3 or 4.Third, the combat, admittedly there is a lot to like here with all the combos. Think recent batman games, except the controls aren't as tight, so if you're in the middle of one move and someone tries to hit you they WILL hit you bc you can't couter in the middle of a move. But the big thing with the combat is YOU WILL DIE. Like recent Final Fantasy games where 1 out of every 10 fights or so you would run into something you'd never seen before and get killed by it. The same thing happens here to.Graphics are great.Story I hear is good to.But as much as I want to, I just can't look past the gameplay."
,Recommended,307690,28817597,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,recc,"I originally played this game on console so playing it on PC i didn't expect much of a change expect for the DLC. Man i was very wrong, the graphics improved, no bugs to be seen, a very polished immersive world with tweaks i didn't get on console, and a ton of more fun. The second time was actually better playing having loved the immersive attmosphere and never ending side missions and a massive world to explore. The DLC then adds a cherry on top of the cake making this package [$7.49 a the time of purchasing this game] an absolute steal of what im offered for what im paying. I absolutely reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,307690,32868321,Posted: 27 June,all,Powwwerteqq,殒命
,Recommended,307690,21114358,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Left Shark,"Holy hell, this game is good, finished the main story line within 16 hours including a couple of the side missions. I'm hooked and can't wait to play some more side missions and do some cop jobs. The story was really interesting and made me abandon any social life I had prior to me clicking the play button on the game.It really is worth investing time into this game, it starts off simple as a little foot soldier for the Sun on Yee at the night market as an undercover officer which then leads to the boss of the gang you're in respecting you and getting you a promotion, you then advance through the triad on a perilous and profoundly action packed adventure.Even though I finished the story line, there is tons of side missions and events that I have missed and are set for me to do now.9/10 - (It would feel like I'm exaggerating if I put down 10/10 so I put 9, but really I mean a 10 ;-;)."
,Recommended,307690,26348409,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Piston.Exe,Very nice
,Recommended,307690,24017734,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,kirloi,"Loved on windows, now playing it in my mac, and having a blast!Now with more stories i think is making it a compensation on what the rivals (GTA, WD) have that is a greater world, none the less and even though its that same storie, i think i'm gonna relive the game again :D"
76561198053397812,Recommended,307690,25400935,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ceidan,AMAZING best GTA clone ever made hands down. i will play this game again and again for its wonderful plot and fun race mechanics if you haven't played sleeping dogs you really really should
76561198131083103,Recommended,307690,25352814,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Nifty,GTAin china=awsome climate game!pros:awsome plot! (really good)nice game mechanichswell optimalised (i played it even on my old laptop)nice new features like:putting sb into the boot of a car and hijacking a car form a car!awsome martial arts fightcons:the vehicles accesible are only cars...no boats or planes!
,Recommended,307690,29155673,Posted: 9 January,all,adhit201,cukup seru dan bikin lupa waktu
76561198167123468,Recommended,307690,14504274,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Qusai68,الاشياء اللي عجبتنيجرافيك جيد يدخلك جو مع العبه-قصة العبه حلوة وغير تقليديه-ماتحس انو في تكرار في المهمات-طريقة القتال في العبه رائعه جدا-الشياء الي ماعجبتنيسواقة السياراة جدا سيئه-لايوجد نشاط تقدر تستمتع فيهلايوج دافع يخليك تفوت العبه بعد ماتخلصها-انصحك تشتري العبه اذا كان عليها تخفيض
,Recommended,307690,29795326,Posted: 8 February,all,Rant Forever After,GTA clone but you're chineseNuff said9.642/10
76561198106290494,Recommended,307690,32247834,Posted: 7 June,all,Squarebox64,Es gud
,Recommended,307690,32176813,Posted: 4 June,all,NeoJacks,"My man, incredible game. Very entertaining. Story is good, missions are fun. Graphics are just fine. Hong Kong is GREAT!. Superior of GTA V in many ways IMO, specially the walking and fighting. I love the serious story. My new fav game. Played in PS3, buy it for PC now!"
,Recommended,307690,31705343,Posted: 12 May,all,Dolan,Fun game!
,Recommended,307690,31940305,Posted: 24 May,all,Bach 8 minut,Add poland voice pls
,Recommended,307690,32027214,Posted: 28 May,all,ÑøøŘ ︻气デ一一,ncie love <3
76561198078710439,Recommended,307690,32946189,Posted: 28 June,all,SomeBrownGuy,Good!
76561198141342558,Recommended,307690,24300913,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,diegosaavedraa24,"It's not as awesome as GTA but still it's a great game! The mechanics are almost identical to the GTA games, so if you've played a GTA game and you liked it, you will feel comfortable with this one. The story is very interesting and the characters too. The combat system is also nice. If you see this game during a summer or winter sale, you really should buy it!"
,Recommended,307690,24304915,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,FaZe_Yuri,My favourite game. In my opinion the campaign is even better than gta 5 and you can use all sorts of veichles.
,Recommended,307690,21645194,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,PixlPerfect,"The Curry Fish balls blew my mind, and the Pork buns made me a whole man. 10 fishslaps/10"
76561198011628954,Recommended,307690,18012432,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Skylien仆街,not the real HK but its Wei better :D
76561198068154656,Recommended,307690,13245726,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,bonifacio704,man I love this game.It's kinda weird how driver seat is right side and road is suppose to go to left side?????
76561198142703547,Recommended,307690,13611067,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,xxxtentacion,HOW COME I NEVER GET ANY RESPONSE AND MY WIFI IS FULL BARS I PAID FOR THIS GAME AND I WANT TO PLAY IT!
76561198063804025,Recommended,307690,13626629,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,StepDadHulkHogan,9/10. Great deal for $10!!!
,Recommended,307690,13628957,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Hata,Dope game.
76561197994498569,Recommended,307690,13660343,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[G1S] Tom E,"Micture of Saints Row and GTA. More brutal / ""realistic"" though than those games. Love the game!"
,Recommended,307690,13664098,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Asgasiti,Loved the original... Loving it all over again. Developers give us more Sleeping Dogs Plz...
,Recommended,307690,14408226,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,cnascimento91,Good game
,Recommended,307690,25658493,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Aarman,Make sure you're willing to listen to some chinese♥♥♥♥♥♥then its okay.
76561198059362226,Recommended,307690,25665213,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,kcapezza7,"((Not done with the game quite yet, just bought it on sale this week.))Basically GTA asian style! it's fun. lots to do. pork buns. buy clothes. eat noodles. strongboxes you find that have money and other bonuses! and ""massages"" heh heh heh.only things i've noticed that are a  MINUS is:the driving kind of sucks, the steering is crap even while applying the handbrake with most vehicles, and the camera angle while in a vehicle--sometimes it locks up in the opposite direction than where you're pointing the car. Id have to jiggle my mouse around and/or start driving so the camera will readjust.the controls can be awkward as well. BUT you can customize the keys how you want for a better experience.ALSO, like some others, I experienced the game crashing every few minutes at first. But there's an easy fix for it, just go to the help forum. (or ask me I can try and help lol but I only know one way just fyi)OVERALL: worth the 8 bucks, despite some minor drawbacks!"
76561198119207920,Recommended,307690,25670370,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,♣Mr.Green's♣BUD♣,gta + saint row = BOOM this is the product 10/10 for this game!... try it maybe you'll forget what the sun looks like again.
,Recommended,307690,13493155,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,¿¿¿,Great and intense open world game. I enjoyed the game very much as it's worth the money to buy it. ^~^
,Recommended,307690,13630100,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ugly God,"Ugh, I had to alt tab so I could write a bad review for no apparent reason.Um, yeah, great game.Grand Theft Asian 2. (since it's the definitive edition)Anyways, buy this game, fun as hell."
76561198018187339,Recommended,307690,13640869,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,johnpaul,"All I gotta say is this for me is better than any of the GTA's I've played and I do love GTA alot. And for the price, is...bad♥♥♥♥♥ hell I'd gladly grab this for $20 cause it's worth it."
,Recommended,307690,13662280,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,OatMeteor,This is the game of a real man
76561197975682337,Recommended,307690,13787437,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Alpha,Good game from start to finish as ling as you develop the fighting skills.
76561198048524583,Recommended,307690,13688396,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,cr1mesc3ne,Wondering where I was when this game came out. It is fantastic! DLC is a little short is the only con I can think of.
,Recommended,307690,13705287,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Borb,"Alright, So sleeping dogs.Pretty Dope."
76561197975943842,Recommended,307690,13747165,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Nikdik,"I entered an old factory and was attacked by 6 thugs. Instead of fighting them normally, I tossed each of them into a nearby furnace.11/10"
76561198043832600,Recommended,307690,13756361,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,FastenedBlock2,Double roundhouse kick. Period.
,Recommended,307690,24650947,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,White Power Ranger,its good game :)
,Recommended,307690,16876092,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,King Quid,Fought 5 asians while having Lynda in my trunk. Best game 11/10
76561198121618034,Recommended,307690,29789327,Posted: 8 February,all,Interceptor Hammond,"GTA with a japanese setting, less focus on guns, and way better combat system. Basically GTA and Batman:Arkham series had a baby."
,Recommended,307690,26724243,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,HappyThoughts,Even better than the regulard Sleeping Dogs.8/10
,Recommended,307690,27961160,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Patchy-sama,chinese movie simulator
76561198184353743,Recommended,307690,27941100,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,1K GOD.LootBet.GCA,Superb fun game !
76561198089071728,Recommended,307690,26556248,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Juice,"Sleeping Dogs is probably one of my favourite games of all time. A compelling main storyline (even if its a linear narrative) and the values somehow resonate very strongly with me as well. Maybe its cos I have that Eastern upbringing lol.Uncle Po once said: ""Loyalty. Discretion. That's the attitude that makes us strong. ""yes i know that wasnt the exact phrase but sounds better as quote like this. heh.Pros1. Fight mechanicsMelee Combat makes you feel like a real bad♥♥♥♥♥ Style all over them other street thugs. Pity you essentially are immortal mid-game through. Personally some scaling would have been great - and %tage chance for enemies to dodge rather than flat 'class' mechanics. So like skinnies and musclies can be like those monks sometimes so they can counter/dodge your moves on occasion.Nothing special for the gunfights - maybe an option to turn off that aim assist - sometimes its more a hindrance than a help haha. Gotta remember that this is not a gun game though.2. PlotI alr mentioned it above. BUT I COULD NOT STOP FIRST TIME THROUGH AND JUST PLAYED THE WHOLE GAME IN ONE SITTING. Entertainment aside, there's a real element for reflective thinking of our societies as you play and I appreciate that greatly on top of the fantastic story.NUUU JACKIIEE WHYYY. RIP.3. World BuildingSleeping Dogs HK is a pretty place. Walking around and listen to those NPCs conversations is hilarious - an example would be that mother daughter duo outside your flat at North Point. I laughed so hard. Also all those random events. Its the little things that make the world so much more colourful.4. If you're a true ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..Run people over and over and then go to the hospital and listen to the nurse. Go punch hapless civilians on the street. Get the Wheels of Fury DLC and shoot up the place. Yeah. It's a free world out there my friend.ConsToo bad the game wasn't completed before being sold off to Enix by ffing Activision. There's some real potential that could have made this game so much more.1. Incomplete 'Loose Ends'You'll find some aspects of the game missing like bits in between and sometimes more than a little off. I can only suspect that the romance parts of the game was never really completed before the hand-off so Enix just tied it together real fast and left it as it currently stands. You can tell from how the first few romantic options are so much more thought out than the others - and even then there seemed to be a major timeskip in between dates.More minor loose ends are like things that are said to exist that don't - ""police scanner in your apartment unlocked""; 'Lady Killer' clothing set effect. Little things like that.2. Hardcore racer/driver people might get triggeredDriving is not the most realistic.. you could suffer from some clipping issues on certain sections of road that sends your vehicle (especially them motorcycles haha) on some spectacular aerobatics.3. Lack of replayabilitySure i've restarted and played through the mainplot multiple times but after that's completed...there's not much to do. I would have liked to seen maybe either choosing to become a Cop or a Triad gangster and have some radiant quests to fit along with those lines. Maybe have those Cop Jobs added as DLC to be radiant quests. There are already a number of 'triad' quests outside of the main storyline. MAke those radiant. Also maybe have like extorting protection money from vendors and actual thing. Like you could have a bunch of thugs sometimes try to spawn in maybe K-Club or Club Bam Bam or the night market and you'd have to clear them out.4. No Mod SupportYou know all that I said in point 3. Yeah. It could have happened.In SummaryFor a technically incomplete game, it's pretty damn good. All the cons I mentioned are really just finer details that could have fleshed out this universe even more. The core game is already there - and its fantastic. It's like Shadow of Mordor with a proper plot and Mafia 3 with exciting gameplay. :p 10/10 would buy againPS:buy while on sale for maximum value"
,Not Recommended,307690,26643518,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,joegibson0,"I like the original version, not the Definitive edition as all the fun was taken out of it for game balancing. That's not why I like this game or why I bought it in the first place. not over game balancing but how much I enjoyed it from playing my friend's version that was NOT the Definitive Edition. But I can't get the Definitive edition anymore because it's not on Steam. anymore but If I can find the original edition, I do not mind or care to pay 74-75 bucks to get the DLC's.I recommend the ORIGINAL Edition, I CATEGORICALLY refuse to recommend the Definitive edition unless you want to spend hours in the game just to unlock the DZ90 missions instead of right after the first mission being capped successfully"
,Recommended,307690,27993297,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr. DOS,I drove a car at moderate but careful speed without hitting anything for seven minutes and felt a deep sense of accomplishment.
76561198272747033,Recommended,307690,28015326,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Spackle,10/10 i will go to hong kong again!
,Recommended,307690,16821432,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Achillezzz,"I haven't played any of the Sleeping Dogs games before. Was very surprised at the high quality of this game. Very much like GTA but better action sequences, and much better fighting sequences. Overall great game for just $7.50!"
76561198052375291,Recommended,307690,12752710,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Barefoot Warrior,"This is one of the most frustrating games I have ever played... ( BUT I LOVE IT ! )EDIT: July 2015...I bought an Xbox wired controller just for this game, and what a difference! Even makes driving easier and can now fight much better. I strongly recommend playing this game with an XBox controller, wired or wireless if you are set up for it.There are several  issues that need attention to make this game playable on a PC from a ported console game. Using a keyboard and mouse for some aspects of this game make it difficult to play on PC, driving being on top of the list. If you intend to play on PC, you may want to get a controller because it is quite obvious that this game was intended to be played using a controller. I say this because a keyboard is either 'on' or 'off' and makes things extremely difficult while a controller has some linear movement, keep this in mind.Playing this game is definitely for the player who has real good keyboard skills and a gamer keyboard and mouse. I am admittedly an older player who loves to play good games and I would like to enjoy this game without this kind of frustration.  Despite this, here is my 'review' of Sleeping Dogs to this point and regardless of my frustration level, will keep it neutral.PROS:GRAPHICS: One word, Gorgeous! With the HD texture pack, this game is visually wonderful on screen, and you get a genuine feel of the story and atmosphere. The models and textures are some of the best I have seen for a game of this genre. Up till now, SR3 and SR4 were on top of my list, keeping in mind I said a game of this genre. I would love to be able to re-texture some of the clothes and hope that we will be able to do so some time in the future.VOICE ACTING: Doesn’t get better then this,  voice overs can make or break a game and in this instance, the characters are believable and and you can sense the personality of each.MUSIC: Great variety of music and really adds to the atmosphere of the game. It would be great to play the music when out  on foot exploring the sites.STORYLINE and WRITING: Compelling. I got drawn right into my character's story and what he is doing or trying to do. Frankly, for this reason alone I will try and continue the game. It is rare that I can bond with my character and I have with Wei. Later on you can see him start to change and almost feel the internal conflicts he is having. I know many disagree, but I for one feel that the story and writing are excellent for a game.ANIMATIONS: WOW! Good stuff here and wonderfully done, fluid and believable, when you pull off a good move in a fight, makes you feel like you really did something. I would like to see a 'walk' option rather then Wei jogging all the time when out exploring, if there is one I haven't found it. There is one pet peeve I have and that is if Wei is wearing an outfit and he is barefoot (wearing the GSP outfit as an example) in a fight, or if he kneels down or is in a move that requires him to bend down, his foot goes into the ground. That is, his toes go into the ground. They don't flex or bend as they should. A small detail. The modelers and animators need to pay more attention to details such as this.CLOTHING and ACCESSORIES: Personally, I am not one who cares about 'outfits'. But I have to say that this game offers many and all are very well done. The diffuse textures, normals mapping and specular really show on the clothing and are a visual treat in game. I would like to see the ability to breakdown some of these 'set outfits' such as the GSP outfit and use the items separately, that is, have the option to 'mix and match'. An example would be, using the red GSP shorts with a hoody and red tennies. I for one don't care if a clothing item gives me a bonus in a skill or not. That said, the separate clothing items and outfits are excellent. By the Wei?...who ever came up with those boxers? What were you drinking? Those will be the first thing I hope to re texture. I have seen screen shots of some yellow beach shorts but have not found them, it would have been nice to have some shorts for Wei to wear.DLC clothing: Zodiac Tournament. Once you get through this, you get two outfits, both with good looking shorts especially the Ikoze yellow shorts. Problem is, it is an 'outfit' again, you can't use the shorts by them selves. But the real thing that ticked me off is when wearing both outfits you are barefoot. Fine by me, barefoot is good, but when you walk anywhere you hear the sound of walking in shoes?...what! Spoiled the whole thing for me, what was QC doing?Then to add for more confusion...and this is actually funny, remember...you're in Hong Kong which used to be a British Commonweatlh so drive on the OTHER side of the road!  To add to the keyboard issue, the camera has a nasty habit of swinging around 180 degrees facing the other direction during your driving or if you swing your car or bike around.In my game, Wei is using the slowest bike available and for a car, Wei is using the Bisai or Smart car equivalent. Why? Least I  can drive them...somewhat. In Saints Row 3, I can drive like no ones concern. I can power slide, take corners and keep most vehicles in SR3 (especially the bikes) under control. The driving commands in this game are almost identical, yet, because they move so fast, the keyboard commands usually amplify the command and it is one crash after another, you have to try and think ahead if possible. If any of you played the first Saints Row (PC) and tried to drive in that game? This is a close second on the list. EDIT: Dumb luck was with me....moving on.Other minor Cons, this game should have a difficulty level setting. Just for the sake of the story itself, being able to just play the game at a slower and easier pace, and for those hard core folks...let them set it for that. This game was made for console, so the keyboard commands for some moves is complex and can only use a few of them. Not a game breaker, but it is difficult. Having a broken finger on my left had makes the 'Q' key and 'left shift' almost impossible to use, but you can remap some keys. It would be nice to take screen shots without the HUD, I am not aware of a way to do this if there is. Lastly, the GPS is not reliable as far as taking you to the right location during a mission. I have had this happen many times in game already. It took me two hours to figure this out on a side mission 'Cheaters Never Prosper Part 3'  There is a short cut to save time and when you do get there...look for a window. I don't think that qualifys as a 'spoiler'.CONCLUSION: If you are going to try this on PC, fair warning. Not for the novice player and especially if you have a lack of patient or short tempered. This game is challenging. Despite my various frustrations, I like this game...very much. A visual treat for the eyes, great story and one can easily bond with your character. This game does not work well on a keyboard and mouse and at this point never will. Strictly my opinion. But I will say it is worth the money and I can go even further and say that Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition has a replay value for sure. Is this my favorite game (of this genre)? No, because of the technical issues, SR3 is still on top of my list. I appreciate the hard work and many talents that went into the development of this game, but as usual, most games have a priority for the console market and a conversion or port to PC only makes this game suffer from that process. It is sad that game developers get hung up on the console market as they do and ingnore the PC folks as a last option.On my scale of 1 to 10....I give this an 8.    A wonderful game, but Wei too many technical glitches. I hope we get to see Wei again."
,Recommended,307690,17180470,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Rhadnar,"The main story and side mission's are good.It's to focused on the Martial Art's on most of the battles or mission's.If you like to run wild with a weapon this is probaably not the best game.Driving is also something not to good in this game, drifting may sometimes be to hard.But its still acceptable."
,Recommended,307690,13722495,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Wuffen™,this korean/chinese/japanese/north korean game gives you an inside story of a young virgin boy who is trying to get laid but works as a undercover policeDon't forget that there is bloody scenes like a flying chin chin
76561198119528816,Recommended,307690,19737705,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,☭Aníbal Mílhaís☭,Literally the best game ever i love strategy so this wnet outside my comfort zone and i found the best game ever
,Recommended,307690,16034553,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,n0nToXiC,"A GTA clone that very much has its own feel and character. I enjoyed every moment of the lengthy gameplay. If you like a good story, it has got some feels."
76561198048830738,Recommended,307690,32675696,Posted: 23 June,all,somepunk,"""A man who never plays Sleeping Dogs is never a whole man !""What a great game, excellent fighting action, great graphics and storyline. The playable map may be smaller compared to other games but i think there is more than enough to keep you occupied.  You cant go wrong with this game and if its on sale, its a no brainer."
,Recommended,307690,27989311,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gyatsolix,Best game i have ever played for last 2 years. Im wearing wing chun outfit right now and my fists like fckng IP MAN It kept me in like 3 hours straight and i left cuz got some work to do in real life :(:( whatever i really reccomend this game for players who hate to play gta 5 story.
76561198113434805,Recommended,307690,31569924,Posted: 5 May,all,alojz,"Most fun I had in an open world city action since The Saboteur. Original, interresting setting and well presented story."
76561198118670214,Recommended,307690,16025277,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,iHEX,"This defenalty is a step up from the original Sleeping Dogs game. Better graphics, I think slightly more traffic (cant really tell). However you don't get all the DLC from the start, and you need to go through the game, which the description of the game fails to state, even the clothes you would of previously got for free you need to purchase in the Night Market (a yellow icon which says Legendary Clothes).Overall Verdict:Graphics - 10/10Gameplay - 10/10Variety - 7/10 (The same gameplay)Worded Verdict -I recommend this game, even if you have played the original, but the experience wont be as enjoyable than if you never played the game"
,Recommended,307690,30263630,Posted: 1 March,all,PTMWei,0/109/10 for story7/10  for battle-1000000  for driving
76561198060799282,Recommended,307690,29387875,Posted: 20 January,all,nscovil,"I absolutely ADORE this game. I've played all the GTAs but never stayed interested long enough to actually finish one.  I was just about to give up on the genre entirely until STEAM (brilliantly) recommended it (bravo Valve).I recommend this game to everyone (especially GTA fans).However, because of a few hiccups I'll only be able to give this game a 4.9 out of 5 stars. For instance, honking the horn or turning on sirens does nothing. The people never move and while I'm happy they don't jump scared wild (from far away or near) like in other games. It would be nice if they did something. Also, the font is WAY too tiny. I play in 1080 from the comfort of my couch and can't read the subtitles (they speak Chinese sometimes) and getting up and down is frustrating.This is something the developers WILL need to address WHEN they develop a sequel."
76561198040606739,Recommended,307690,31582465,Posted: 6 May,all,marksun777,"Got this game on sale and It was more then worth it.  GTA 5 is still $60 I got this for $6 what a value!  Combat system is fun and I havent even unlocked any abilities yet...Besides alot of vulgur language and gore(Good things for Adult players not so much for younger) this game should be played by any action game fan.  If you see this on sale buy it immediatly, It is worth full price if you happen to miss a sale!"
76561198134306890,Recommended,307690,34406287,Posted: 21 August,all,deus_extrem,I waited a long time to play sleeping dogs. It was a great amoshperic game set in hong kong. It was a great stroy that blurred the lines between being a cop and a gangster. Loyalty and duty?!! Defintily worth a play threw. The combat is satifying runs great and looks good.
76561198088460031,Recommended,307690,28109368,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Classic,CHINA version gta and i really like the fighting system
76561198062186359,Recommended,307690,30110382,Posted: 22 February,all,皇爺 Git Gud,I love hong kong and this is awesome
76561198120526206,Recommended,307690,31252296,Posted: 20 April,all,Clint Eastwood,Im upset they removed the regular version from the steam store so now a low spec gamer as myself can only pray for a new pc. I have tried everything to try get the game to at least run higher than 10 frames.If you have a cheap computer DO NOT BUY THIS GAME it can barely run at all.but the combat is pretty fun i have to admit even though the game is slow as hell.in conclusion just play it on a console or try buy a steam key for the regular version if your computer is low spec but overall the game is hella fun.
76561198044082859,Recommended,307690,28180925,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ed_ulisespz,"its a good gta clone, with a great story and some good ideas, but not as polishedbuy it at discount only"
,Not Recommended,307690,24671022,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Rashja,"The Dogs may be sleeping, but the bugs are certainly awake. Originally an amazing game, ruined by a terrible re-release. Sound bugs, graphic bugs, input bugs & incredibly stupid AI that will infuriate you during missions which count on the AI for assistance.Even the story suffers, as cutscenes seem to stutter and skip even at a low resolution. ( I'm playing on 3.4ghz with 8gb ram and 4gb Geforce 960... the cutscene still runs poorly @ 1280x768  whereas Sleeping Dogs vanilla ran great at the same resolution with my older GTX560)Sleeping Dogs is amazing. Just not this version. Get the standard version instead.. it's still available at some online key stores such as the one beginning with G, ending with A, with a 2 neatly in the middle.cant wait till im finished with this playthrough so i can uninstall it and put the good version back on.."
76561198022092608,Recommended,307690,12518520,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,njacks4,"Forgot how good this game is, its well worth the $30."
,Recommended,307690,19298658,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Mrazteca16,"The remastered version of the original game is amazing, the graphics to. The whole game is overall a very good game with great story and the driving is very good. But it's a bit complicated to drive on the left."
76561198028490594,Recommended,307690,25481740,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Chunk Spadoodie,"It has the one thing GTA will never have: The rich culture, aesthetics and atmosphere of Asia."
,Not Recommended,307690,28637499,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Siger,"Great game, but constant crashes and no support from the devs even after 2 years made me get this game refunded. If you're planning to buy it, take this into consideration"
,Recommended,307690,24152061,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,AirRai,Awesome Game. They should really make a sequel. Definitely give it a try if you don't have the original version.Pros:-Good Story-Kung Fu combat-Can Explore Hong kong-Emma Stone is in it and she isn't playing an Asian characterCons:-Driving mechanics are kinda weird-Sometimes counter-attacks aren't registered-Does not really look better and sometimes looks worst than the original edition
,Recommended,307690,29409281,Posted: 21 January,all,㉿ҾŁǞЧՁθ,"I always liked this more than the rockstar game , Wei Shen is a G ,great sequel to the classic true crime games , the plot is serious.Things i like:combat system / martial artshong kong citythere are plenty of things to do/mini games & street racingsoundtrackplaying the good and bad side at same timeextremely violent & sexual"
,Recommended,307690,33494922,Posted: 12 July,all,Sergeant Scorpio,YOU LOOK LIKE YOU COULD USE A PORK BUN!A MAN WHO NEVER EATS PORK BUNS IS NEVER A WHOLE MAN.
76561198164396329,Not Recommended,307690,16031649,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,c.bunbury,"very annoyed that i cant get my geforce gt720m to work with this game, every time i run the ingame benchmark its runs around 25fps and displays the intel hd 4000  gpu in the summery, i believe i have the latest patch, i changed my nvidia cp setting to manually run the exe with the dedicated gpu and it still doesnt pick up the nvidia gpu."
76561198079713540,Not Recommended,307690,16655590,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,NinjaBunnyOx,"Right before i even start on the issue, i'm not saying i don't recommend this because i've heard its a great game but this is why i'm not recommending buying it on steam.1) Bought it ages ago, tried to play it and it was so laggy even though my rig is beyong the requirements.2) Emailed steam, devs, forums, to find out what the issue was... not one single reply. (Great customer service)3) Recently installed the game, still laggy issues even though i turned all graphic levels to low, done everything i can but money wasted.By all means buy it for another console... just not steam and PC because no ones fixing the issue."
,Not Recommended,307690,14443507,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,F1928L,"i buy and instal the game, but the game just crashed. please fix this or give back my steam wallet"
76561198175910673,Not Recommended,307690,16164659,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,xman101,DON`T PLAY THIS GAME IF U HAVE A LOW GAME CARD
,Not Recommended,307690,16187493,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,DarthTerror1994,"A cross between Grand Theft Auto and True Crime, a fun game until your game crashes on a mission and you cannot fix it which prevents you from continuing like me and a LOT of other people."
76561198000449542,Not Recommended,307690,16125138,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Sindorie,I had some expectation about this game but it just crashed right at starting a new story...Hope they will fix this soon.
76561198217567264,Not Recommended,307690,16240841,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,excommunicado,it crashed :(
,Recommended,307690,19080251,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Ulfednar,"Fun gameplay, good story and an absolutely beautiful city. Will probably replay it in the future, if just to drive around Hong Kong in the rain at night listening to guzheng music for a while."
,Recommended,307690,19279027,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,INVU✪mrnoobstorm,It tried to be gta but worst than gta series. The game has a good story. Graphics looks decent. 6/10
,Recommended,307690,25668947,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,[デルタ]DeltaUnknown🐺,"Why you have no Sleeping Dogs in your Library,A man without sleeping Dogs is enver a whole man!"
76561198038958982,Recommended,307690,13537098,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[SPLH] LAW,"The ""true"" dog."
76561198269148102,Recommended,307690,32061942,Posted: 30 May,all,gemini.sonic,"i loveit , it's the best game i've ever played"
76561198077864247,Recommended,307690,35202215,Posted: 25 September,all,Ninjacow27,"Freakin amazing, 3 hours in and its already on my top ten list. Would love to see something like this with all of todays tech crammed in. (visuals, fluid mechanics, more freedom in the open world, etc.) all and all, playing this makes me a little dissapointed that i didn't play the original."
,Recommended,307690,31628206,Posted: 8 May,all,Overson,"I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game on Xbox, so I have experience with this game.Sleeping dogs is an open world game that is very focused on hand-to-hand combat. It was made to seem like a movie with lots of action and movie style stuff like: jumping out of a car and highjacking another car mid air on the highway, environmental kills, and lots of other combat mechanics hat just makes this game awesome.Pros:You aren't tied down to the story so if you want, you can explore Hong Kong.Lots of movie style action.Hours of content.No multiplayer (so no lag or toxic players)Very fast paced.Free cars.You can escape getting arrested.Multiple campaigns.All the DLC is included.Cons:No multiplayer (can't play with friends)If you are being shot at, if you're not close enough, you're screwed.Can't enter all buildings.Guns are rare.GTA V is better (but it's double the price)Overall:This game is very fun and fast paced with hours of content. If you like open world games and fighting games, this is perfect for you.10/10 great game."
76561198035902092,Recommended,307690,31797083,Posted: 16 May,all,cbnugggz,Sleeping Dogs > GTA VIt's... just... so good.
76561198069071439,Recommended,307690,35199092,Posted: 25 September,all,Khan,"GAME KEEP CRASHING, PLEASE HELP"
,Recommended,307690,35172728,Posted: 23 September,all,dezhavhu is a ricer,"Before: ""I ♥♥♥♥ing hate Chinese culture.""After: ""I WANNA GO TO HONG KONG."""
,Recommended,307690,35173868,Posted: 24 September,all,XxDark♦WolfxX,Waiting for 2nd version!
76561198066526595,Recommended,307690,31354115,Posted: 25 April,all,Scenery,"they drive left side of the road, i hate it"
,Recommended,307690,31615936,Posted: 7 May,all,Uncle Penny Pinch,"Never got the 5 Dolla sucky sucky. In all seriousness though I beat it 3 times plus dlc, it's an amazing game."
,Recommended,307690,33229718,Posted: 4 July,all,NazisOnMoon,"Played the pirated version, loved it so much that I bought it now that I earn money. Money well spent.Dank game.  The gameplay and the story are top kek."
76561198049819329,Recommended,307690,14389551,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,echo1,"I put off buying Sleeping Dogs for a long time, and I'm glad I waited. The 'Definitive Edition' is remarkable. I have a GTX980 so I am able to play on the high graphic settings, but what really take centre stage is the story and NPC animations. A work of art, and its refreshing to see Asia take centre stage for once. Well done!"
76561197977797728,Not Recommended,307690,34353937,Posted: 19 August,all,Mr. Hanky,"I wanted to love this game, but after over 20 hours and finishing the campaign, I almost feel cheated. This game is NOT what was sold to me. I bought an undercover cop in Hong Kong game, one where your character would have to constantly skirt the line of trying to do the right thing, while trying to no blow his cover. This is NOT the game that I got.This is a game where there are no choices to be made, you simply follow the narrative presented to you. Yes, your character is an undercover cop, but the presentation of this concept is so unrealistic that it is in no way believable. Wei (the main character) unashamedly murders, yes, murders on more than one occassion. He participates in bloody gang wars, engages in numerous chase scenes around the city in which he fires machine guns indiscriminately at enemy vehicles even though a single stray bullet would realistically kill one of the numerous pedestrians on the street. By the end of the game, the number of people he's killed is far greater than any of the gangsters he's supposedly trying to take down. The vast majority of the game Wei's motivations, stated even to his fellow cops, is not to topple the criminal organization, but to murder so-and-so gang leader because they killed so-and-so gang member that Wei really liked.On top of that, there is even a point where Wei tortured. Under this torture, he is cut up in numerous places, is shown to have lost so much blood any normal person would have died, his foot is smashed with a hammer and a hole is drilled into his knee. He then gets up and proceeds to do a bunch of kung fu on DOZENS of people, run all over the town, jump, shoot up places, etc. There is virtually nothing realistic, cop-like, or redeemable about the main character.Don't get me wrong, this game could have been amazing. It should have been amazing. It had so much going for it. The combat was amazing. The game world was rendered spectacularly, probably the best done I've ever seen. The sheer variety of missions, styles of gameplay, and game modes were all very well done. As it is, this game may as well have been Grand Theft Auto. If you're a Grand Theft Auto fan, this is the game for you, it even has better writing than a GTA game... but with all that being said, if you're looking for a game about an undercover Hong Kong cop that will cause you to question what's right and what's wrong... then look somewhere else. This isn't it."
,Recommended,307690,34132926,Posted: 9 August,all,Crippling Depression,learned martial artsFound out I am not a whole manCan now speak fluent chinese9/10 not enough dogs
,Recommended,307690,31592860,Posted: 6 May,all,Medocine,Yes.
,Recommended,307690,35226380,Posted: 26 September,all,BiG,"♫ Everybody was Kung Fu FightingThose kids were fast as lightningIn fact, it was a little bit frighteningBut they fought with expert timing ♫"
,Recommended,307690,12430028,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,archaznable,I would like to re-visit Winstons Mom again and eat some pork buns and drink some dragon kick. The graphics of this has been improved and the environment of the city feels so alive it doesn't feel so empty. The game environment becomes so dark and intense. I already finished the game on its original version but I don't have all the DLC I will give it a chance to finish it again with the Definitive Edtion. For me this one is the best re-mastered game. I highly recommend this if you haven't played it yet.
,Recommended,307690,19339416,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,flarg,yes
76561198269473395,Recommended,307690,35212700,Posted: 25 September,all,MonstRo@H0me,fun game to chill and kick peoples♥♥♥♥♥love it
76561198093911618,Recommended,307690,35211063,Posted: 25 September,all,neosurge,"I thought at first nawww this game don't look good, however; after i played a bit mastered a few moves WOW WOW WOW its like GTA on Caffiene! Altho i would never compare the two together. You have to try it out!!!"
76561198123059754,Recommended,307690,35211608,Posted: 25 September,all,Garfield,They should make driving illegal in Hong Kong.
76561198073260784,Recommended,307690,20093478,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DJ jw,If ur canto i highly recommend this.If your not canto your can learn cuss words and say it to your friends.If you like melee fighting this is for you.you want to laugh get this.good story line.Overall 11/10 BoNeRs.
,Recommended,307690,19758901,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,V.,"At first, it certainly does appear to be inspired by Rockstar’s Grand Theft Auto series, with protagonist Wei Shen thrown into a life of crime and asked to do horrendous things to progress the plot. But quickly it reveals itself to be much more than that. Early on it's explained that Shen is actually an undercover cop, sent into Hong Kong to climb the ranks of the Triads and take them down from the inside, creating a conflicted protagonist that's easy to sympathize with.Sleeping Dogs is a fun and forward-thinking sandbox game. The missions may be samey, but the core experience is varied and enjoyable. Great stuff."
76561198047867466,Recommended,307690,19769521,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Nevada,nice
,Recommended,307690,20241199,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Joral,"The first thing I want to say about this game is that it is amazing!, the combat is my favourite 10/10, the driving is really fun  8/10, and the parkour and shooting 20/10. My favourite game so far!"
,Recommended,307690,21597240,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,yluksim,"Best game I have ever played in my life. Best story I have ever played in my life. Cliche chinese martial arts theme mixed with GTA style open world action makes for one good f*cking game. Would absolutely recommend 10/10. If you are a man, and you have never had a pork bun, you are never a whole man."
76561198098160173,Recommended,307690,31031016,Posted: 8 April,all,$teamygreenfart,TRULY A GREAT GAME! WORTH EVERY CENT!
,Recommended,307690,31491086,Posted: 1 May,all,AND I'M FREEEEEE,IT'S TIME TO LEAVE THIS AWFUL PLACEYOU CAN WALK FOR MILESAND NOT SEE A SMILE
,Recommended,307690,24711319,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Eugene,"Awesome game! This is the best action game since the first Max Payne and the best racing game since GTA Vice City. It's real fast and furious.The game engine produces a fantastic fps! The design of the game is perfect. Detailed where necessary, simplified where needed. Some textures of roads and houses are too small in size, often repeated, but it's not annoying.Also, the game is very picturesque! The shadows are сolored, reflections are qualitative. In rainy Hong Kong a lot of romantic views. Excellent panorama of skyscrapers.Impressive work of director. You do not leave a feeling that you take part in the film with Bruce Lee or Jackie Chan.Good luck and thank you very much for developers!Гениальная игра! Это лучший боевик начиная с первого Max Payne и лучшая гоночная игра со времен GTA Vice City. Быстрая и бешеная.Игровой движок выдает фантастическую частоту кадров! Дизайн игры совершенен. Детализированный, где это необходимо, упрощен там, где это нужно. Некоторые текстуры дорог и домов слишком малы по размеру, часто повторяются, но это не раздражает.Кроме того, игра очень живописна! Тени цветные, отражения качественные. В дождливом Гонконге много романтических видов. Отличная панорама небоскребов.Впечатляющая работа режиссера. Вас не покидает ощущение, что вы принимаете участие в фильме с участием Брюса Ли или Джеки Чаном.Удачи и спасибо разработчикам!"
76561198086833906,Recommended,307690,35351862,Posted: 30 September,all,Cpt. Fat Belly,This game is tons of fun! Got it for under $5! Worth ever cent! I should have bought it long ago.If you can get it cheap buy it! You wont be sorry!
76561198245717846,Recommended,307690,35339838,Posted: 30 September,all,PainOnline,"If you liked GTA, you like this too."
,Recommended,307690,35352586,Posted: 30 September,all,cathobb,"Needs a patch as soon as posible, i played this, not the definitive edition, on a 360, and it is a frigging awesome game, but it wont start, right when i pick new game, it shuts down, please, make a patch"
,Recommended,307690,35352813,Posted: 30 September,all,Mirelly,"Very fun and addictive,better than any GTAThe fun doesn't end after finishing the main story as there are a lot of boxes to find and also different other game modes..I have played one of them so far, it was short and fun..Something about demons and♥♥♥♥♥♥9/10"
,Recommended,307690,20183124,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Parkeldarb,你為什麼要翻譯這？現在得到這個遊戲
76561198032092239,Recommended,307690,12452012,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Vilcor,Very enjoyaable game!
76561198022440399,Recommended,307690,12441590,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,AlansFilms,worth buying
,Recommended,307690,12431322,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ElBuenFerb101,Is sleeping dogs so I think is pretty good
,Recommended,307690,12641997,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Fish-E,I recommended Sleeping Dogs. It therefore stands to reason that I will recommend the definitive edition.
76561198004825980,Not Recommended,307690,15782668,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,drunkenmonk,this game always freezes when I try to start a new game and when I play the last save which is the first save it freezes every time you reach the stairs........ I want to play the game I paid for but no matter how many times I uninstall and re-install or check validity it is the same... would giving steam more money to make this game actually be a game work because I can't even do that
,Recommended,307690,35167427,Posted: 23 September,all,...🅳🅰🆈🆉,"It has similar game aspects as GTA V - But, it's completely different - It's $4.50 - completely worth it.  Quit your bixch'n"
,Recommended,307690,35162868,Posted: 23 September,all,Maxine,What's Grand Theft Auto V?
76561198084014844,Recommended,307690,35166549,Posted: 23 September,all,justin3kub,"really fun, open world experience is good they could have done more but lot of different fighting technic"
76561198318012137,Recommended,307690,35167200,Posted: 23 September,all,syeikha_kaka,THIS GAME IS FANTASTIC
,Recommended,307690,16190415,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Dron_mix59rus,You can abduct people in the trunk of your car and drive it into the sea.10/10
76561198094321628,Recommended,307690,24230233,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,STEVEN AGEVER,so much funnnn
,Recommended,307690,20380155,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,k3rz x molodoy,"I advise you to take this game if you want to kill time. As much as it is the same sandbox as the GTA 5, GTA 5 but the story better. In this game you'll play a character Chinaman who will act as the police and the triad. There are pluses and minuses are taken from other games such chips such as from your car, you can go to jump to the other is still very interesting feature with the slowing of time it works basically only on missions or when you eat in the car and are aiming. Basically all I advise you to this game, I would have given it a grade 8/10."
,Recommended,307690,18027280,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,REMi,+1
,Recommended,307690,33239169,Posted: 4 July,all,HEAVYHITTER451,dam bro im badass you know how you feel when you play batman and you  kick all foes assess that is sleepign dogs its gta5 with spinkicks and  so far ive slammed somone thru a speaker smashed somone thru a phone box and also  bashed somone ehad in ona toilet throwen somone over a 3rd story balcony  grinded somone face in a fan  and im only 2 hours in i ♥♥♥♥EN LOVE THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 15 /10 LOLI TAKE BACK EVERYTHIGN I SAY ABOUT THIS GAME !!!   I HAVE BEEN STUCK FOR 2 DAYS ON ONE STUPID MISSION INVOLVING LOCK PICKING THAT IS ♥♥♥♥ING IMPOSSIBLE !!!   3 HOURS INTOT THE GAME YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥PUT THIS AND BELIVE ME THIS ONE STUPID ♥♥♥♥EN MECHANIC IF YOU GOOGLE IT    YOU WILL SEE ITS ♥♥♥♥ING RIDCULOUS   TOO LATE FOR A REFUND BUT WISH I DID NOT BUY IT NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,307690,20908468,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,King Kang Kong,"Owned it on the xbox 360, played through it at least 3 times, now I'm doing it again but with all the DLC and shiny new graphics.10/10 game, would pork bun again"
76561197964577509,Recommended,307690,29066809,Posted: 6 January,all,AGENT Plant Manson ★O.S.I.★,"There's a Ninja Tune and Warp Records radiostation, 5 out of 5.What's the rest of this game about? Who cares.A hybrid of Yakuza and Grand Theft Auto that got it right.Pros:*Ninja Tune radio station, Warp Records radio Stations.*Good beat'em up combat.*Good driving.*Good Parkor.*Good story.*Decent gun play.*Definitive Edition DLC includes most of the DLC released for DE and even intigrates most of it into the single player game.*New Game Plus mode.*Unique Square Enix engine based game.*FISH BALLS*slow time durring special combat events.*Tree based leveling system.*Equipment buff management.*Good difficulty curve.*Manual save along with auto-save.*Sharp graphics.*Vivid lively open world.*Good mix of Cars, motorcycles, and boats.*Strong atmosphere.*Good Sound Effects*Good MusicCons:*Hacking mini-games weren't hard but they were tedious and felt unneccassary.*Sometimes other buttons besides the counter button were used for countering. This is generally confusing and more so if you're watching for animation tells to counter rather than red glow.*Waiting for it on Steam sale.*The main story felt short comparitively like the first act of a GTA game and as if there could have been two more acts to go if most of the side missions were skipped.*The leveling system was restrictive and linear.*Many fights could be cheesed out such as infinite stun locking boss fights.*The game seemed to dictate wether or not a fight was going to be with guns or without and I would have liked to the option to do an all melee playthrough.*Bad AI drivers. ( No racist jokes about bad AI drivers PLEASE! )*Even concealed guns will cut off access to things like vendors and the parking attendant.*Fast Travel was the taxi system and was often inconvient but not too terrible.*Inventory management was almost non existant. Clothing changes were done at a hub and weapons were mostly carried in hand with the exception of handguns that could be holstered.*Some missions required defined clothing not allowing for custom outfits.*Animal fighting.*Camera control isn't the best but not terible.*The Radio can't be set to a default station*Kareoke(Thankfuly it's not that important and the mini-game is easy).*Picky penalty system for causing havok while on missions that removed points."
,Recommended,307690,23144620,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Zane,"- An open world action game à la Grand Theft Auto, only this time you're not the criminal but the cop. Follow the storyline, engage in side activities and explore the city of Hong Kong in all of its beauty with the updated graphics from the Definitive Edition equaling ensured entertainment.Review score:Essential Purchase⇓ Personal Review ⇓ProBeautiful world design & atmosphereGood storyUpdated graphics(Limited) character customizationPlenty of side objectives/activitiesIncludes DLCConVehicle handlingWeapon combatSmall visual bugs from time to timeSome DLC parts might not have received the full graphical updateStorySet in the beautiful city of Hong Kong officer Wei Shen is tasked to bring down the local Triad gang Sun On Yee as an uncercover cop. He gets introduced into the mafia by his old friend Jackie Ma from where he starts working his way up to the top of the criminal circuit. Wei Shen is a loyal person, that loyalty brings him into trouble in both sides of the law because trying to do good takes it toll and possibly his sanity.The story is well written and ensures that the protagonist doesn't climb up in the ranks too fast in an unrealistic manner. Obviously you shouldn't expect the drama, character relations and humor known from the GTA franchises in this game. Simply because this game depicts how it feels like to survive in a triad gang, not how to save your marriage or how to setup your own drug empire in the middle of a desert.GraphicsWith the Definitive Edition this game received a graphical update and boy does it show. If you ever want to visit Hong Kong, play this game first. Not that it will be a perfect tour guide, but it really captivates the atmosphere of this asian city with its many districts. Clean and modern looking in 'downtown' area, flashy neon signs and dense ugly looking high-rises in the poorer parts of the city and the many houseboats docked at the docking area. While playing this game I often felt like I was playing in a living, breathing world. That's something I didn't always have while playing a GTA game. Sure I've never been in Hong Kong or any asian city, but after playing this game it kinda feels like I did.The graphical update also shows during cutscenes where it looks like this game is actually just two years old instead of the original four. There can be some graphical glitches here and there, i.e. npc's popping in/out of screen in front of your face and certain visual effects not always appearing while driving vehicles. But nothing too troublesome.GameplayI only played this game with a controller so I can't give any input on how it feels with mouse and keyboard. In general I'm very positive about it although there are some points which did annoy me. First off the driving mechanics could be better, even while playing with a controller I have to tab my stick constantly while making larger turns instead of one fluid movement. Bikes have a larger turning radius than cars and driving a car backwards is like driving on ice. But you'll get used to it eventually and thus won't be as big of a problem than in the beginning.The combat in this game is clearly pointed towards melee combat. Reason being that in the triad culture most fights are fought with bare hands and less with fire arms like we're used to in the west. There are a lot of fighting moves to learn and they all transition perfectly with each other when fighting. The downside to this is that the weapon combat not as refined as in other games."
76561198424597133,Recommended,307690,35165327,Posted: 23 September,all,Fortunella55,This game is awesome and makes me want noodles and curry fish balls!
,Recommended,307690,12417019,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,NuckFChorris,"In the half hour that I've played so far of this game, it seems much more solid than the original Sleeping Dogs. The lighting, shadows and reflections all look much better and the game gets better framerates than the old verison. The DLC is also a nice addition and for $15 (since I owned the old verison), it doesn't get much better than this.This was a great game to begin with, and now with improved visuals and all of the DLC, it's a must buy IMO."
,Not Recommended,307690,23825748,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,GeT_WrOnG,its♥♥♥♥♥♥i cant even play it. the windows 10 version is full of bugs and square enix doesnt have time to even update it
,Not Recommended,307690,28753983,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,swagskheletor,"Don't get me wrong, this game is really amazing, but if you want to get it, skip Definitive Edition, it's a poorly optimized version of original game but with a few graphical improvements and bug fixes.Just get the original version with all the DLCs, there are plenty of places where you can get it, like GMG or♥♥♥♥♥ there is also a HD texture pack DLC which is free and basically turns the original into Defnitive Edition but without any huge FPS loss, so just don't bother buying this unoptimized piece of crap version that struggles to even give you 40fps on max settings if you have a ♥♥♥♥ing GTX 1060.Also to note, Definitve Edition lacks some clothing items from original game, which is not really acceptable."
,Not Recommended,307690,18391147,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,(¯°·._.• яąɲď๏ʍ βµɲɲ¥ •._.·°¯)؟•,"Sleeping Dogs is a fantastic game, it's a lot of fun and definitely worth trying. Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition tries to tie in all the DLC into one game with a graphics update, but in all honestly the game is super buggy and the way they integrate the DLC is a bit of a killjoy. Pick up the original on sale, you shouldn't regret it."
,Recommended,307690,12748349,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,- Abby Sciuto,"Absolutely loved the original, this version of it contains all the DLC and runs better while looking nicer, if you're a fan of open-world games with good stories I'd buy this one, it's a great game to get into.The vehicle handling is pretty nice, the ability to slam is still amusing to me.Fighting is still awesome, it feels really fluid and well made.The ability to change your clothing to both regular (Full outfits giving bonuses) and the 'Legendary' Outfits (Which are the ones that come with all the DLC), it makes for some extra fun of mixing up the combat. (Having unique weapons that come with the outfit, vehicles that are bought with the outfit, damage reductions, damage bonuses, that sort of thing)Also the pricetag is great, it's well worth £19.99"
,Not Recommended,307690,29505366,Posted: 26 January,all,Ares,"Cool story, cool environment, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls (cringed while riding motorbikes), also buggy and glitchy."
76561198139910957,Not Recommended,307690,19711169,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Doug,"It is a awesome game with awesome story, but it is poorly optimized. So, if you have a 'OK' device, I still wouldn't recommend it to anyone, because this game requires a high-end device, or else it's gonna lag pretty bad..."
,Recommended,307690,22847750,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Avoider74,"Wei Shen, such a good name for this character. In chinese, the pronounce of Wei Shen means Danger/Dangerous. Yeah, we know he is a dangerous man."
,Recommended,307690,12419722,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,PotatoChips,"Machine Of a game, sooooooo gooooood!"
,Recommended,307690,12420887,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Cotton Eye Joe,"Square Enix can make one hell of a PC port. There have been very few ports that have been bad by this company. You cant go wrong with this title. If you own the normal edition, you can pass this up without missing a thing...but hey its $15. If this is your first go at the game however, its hard to pass up! It definatly feels more this go around!"
,Not Recommended,307690,23805684,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Maoman,"Mouse and keyboard controls are pretty bad, lots of little problems indicitave of a lazy console port, and the controller has a ENORMOUS deadzone. Gotta be at least 25% of the analogue stick, which makes driving frustrating and annoying. Shame, because it looks like it'd be fun."
76561198186818035,Not Recommended,307690,16618398,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Chigon31,"Laptop good,game good. *open game* *laptop crash*"
,Recommended,307690,30018251,Posted: 18 February,all,LemurPriest,Great gmae! I hope they make a sequal
76561198110454264,Recommended,307690,13022209,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Hippoangel99,fun. thats really the only way to explain it. pure fun.
,Recommended,307690,13598476,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,money onlyyyyyyyyy,a decent upgrade... not fully recommend though haha but i kinda like it
76561198027987026,Not Recommended,307690,17296565,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,ArielCross,Unplayable and no support from Square Enix don't buy it.
,Recommended,307690,16023102,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,brokenstitch,"Odd timing for a sale, assuming you know what else is going on right now. Just bought this version about 2 weeks ago, for about $30.00. I have to say Sleeping Dogs is one of the best games I've ever played and this version is worth your money if you've never played it before. Anyway, I would defiantly pick it up at the current price for certain; Especially given it's under $10 dollars at the moment. Sort of wish I had waited now, ;).Gameplay is a 9 out of 10. (Bugs in the parkour, missions, etc... hurt this title at times.)Story is a 8 out of 10 but a 10 out of 10 for a video game.Audio is 10 out of 10.Performance is 4 to 8 out of 10 depending upon your system specs. (This doesn't run like the original.)I have issues with United Front at the moment due to a game they're creating called Triad Wars, so keep in mind there's some personal bias behind my words. It's an issue that will resolve in time but they're making a bad move in my opinion at the moment.YOU MAY NOT WANT TO BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE THE ORIGINAL!!!I've bought this game 3 times now, once on PS3, once on PC and again now on PC for the 'Definitive Edition'. From what I can tell: They added fog, may have tweaked the graphics a bit, and seriously f'd the performance up. You'll be probably be disappointed with this as such. They changed up the DLC and you can't remove any of it without hacking it out. This is major issue for some of us (I don't care about that myself.). You also have to buy and/or unlock things now as you progress threw the game. 2 of the DLC's are missing for certain despite what they state, more depending upon which system you came from. (Wasn't a fan of the those anyway and wont list them.)"
,Recommended,307690,16193635,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,NICK,its little bore game 80- bore  20 fun only not soo bad
,Recommended,307690,12522886,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,gameboysp13,"I can still run around and jump kick people in the face, Worth your purchase."
,Recommended,307690,23896304,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,bluh,"CAME EXPECTING DOGS, FOUND NONE 0 / 10"
,Recommended,307690,13631880,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,God Emperor Trump,A man who never plays Sleeping Dogs is never a whole man.
76561198133150176,Recommended,307690,13517791,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,awesomeboss299,"100,000,000,000,000 out of 10 BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198005735469,Recommended,307690,22752672,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jade,If you like GTA or Staints Row Then this is another great game for you.Seriously If you like those games just buy it.Only problem I had was driving was not as good as GTA or Staints but still a good game.
76561198261084571,Recommended,307690,23140274,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Rico Adrian,Great storyExcellent gameplayAmazing graphics
,Recommended,307690,23233588,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Mary White,"This game is very fun. I like the story, the graphics and the combat. Driving is very hard at the beginning of the game, but you'll get used to it. My thoughts about the Dlc's are positive and especially the zombie mode is very fun. About the Combat: I like the special attacks and the shooting is not very good but it isn't bad, just....  you know.....  normal.Conclusion: I recommend that you buy this game in a sale. I payed €7,50 for this awesome game.My rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,307690,23128375,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,LilWhale,"Hear thisThe police was chasin me, shootin at me while I ranran inside a buildingthere was a security guard, highlighted as an enemyinstead of tryna arrest me, he punched a cop to death that was shootin at me8/4"
,Recommended,307690,14110205,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,eXtory,"i'm not sure are they talking Chinese or Japenese...Joyful car physics.Joyful ragdoll physics.Joyful... PHYSICS.Eating pork gives you full hp and health ragen, it doesn't matter how many times you shot by police or another joyful physics, you just lick your finger untill your legs grow up again. (tip: don't eat anything hepls you or other joyful physics)you can run over bilions of people, if cops see you doing that you can escape with a cargo van. my advice is go slower.gun physics isn't bad. you click bullet comes out of the end of it. boring as hell. you could fight like a ninja but your enemies armed and shoting at you so BORING GUN FIGHT it is.This game is good.Buy it for the love of god and see this beatiful physics."
76561198050500707,Recommended,307690,16255704,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,AdayDr1en | Stealth,"On the game:Great addition to the True Crime series. For those of you guys who don't know, this game was/is [originally] True Crime: Hong Kong. Due to the inadquate sales of True Crime: New York City, Activision didn't wanna follow through publishing this game after it had been in development for 3 years. It was then picked back up by Square Enix, thankfully. And as of december 2014 of last year, Activision apparrently left the True Crime trademark abandoned. So if there's a Sleeping Dogs 2, it might just be True Crime [whatever] if Square Enix feels like registering it. Unless everyone's happy with ""Sleeping Dogs"". lol.Gameplay:The game has great emphasis on combat. This is what the first game was known for. That, and the alternate mission pathways and varied directions in story the player had access to. This game is more linear, story/gameplay-wise, but everything else in it is what you'd find in a True Crime game. The slow-mo, the combat(which has been expanded upon with environmental interactions and takedowns, like putting an enemie's head between a car's inside and it's door and slaming the door shut on it 'till he passes out or bleeds/dies), the ability upgrade system, and the detail in the worldspace. With a little more. Can't say much for firearms yet, because I haven't gotten far enough in the game to have access to all of them yet. Just a pistol, smg, and a shotgun. And a cover system to be used with them, along with it's own forms of interaction. Movement is great, like when chasing down a thug and free-running. Driving works well.Graphics:They're beautiful. They're not as good as Watch Dogs, but they're great on their own. Hong Kong is colorful, lighting is great, and textures and models are revised for the definitive edition. Many(kinda) graphics settings are available to tweak. Don't like that the ambient occlusion and anti-aliasing(if no other method of standard/advanced AA is being used, FXAA) are hardcoded, but you can just turn them down to their lowest qualities for more FPS. Animations are also great. Weather effects, like when it rains, look great. Water isn't Watch Dogs', but it's good. Still some low-res textures that Watch Dogs doesn't have, though. I'm a graphics wh_re. :)Hmm. But no FOV slider, though. Supposedly a higher fov angle than the standard edition's, but it's still tight for me. 'cause I get motion sickness.Soundtrack and audio:Some stuff is good. The voice acting performances are good. Obviously the main characters' are best. Music is great, as it should be for this kind of game.Performance:I've seen many people complaining about the performance of this Definitive Edition, as they say the regular version played fine. IDK, but I'm not getting their issues.These are my specs..GPU - HD 6950 1GB - latest drivers in useCPU - i5 2500K, @ 3.30GHZRAM - 8GB, 1600MHZRunning with all graphics settings at max, except I turned AA and AO down to their lowest qualities.No stuttering, no bad frame dropping, no nothing. For me, this is like the 2nd-best optimized open-world game like it since Saints Row 3. It just seems that stable. Load fasts, menu's are very responsive, graphics settings enable quickly. No alt-tab issues. Nada. Controls are responsive for everything, overall. Better than Watch Dogs, :PThe game was crashing my computer when trying to load saved game, though. I've put some hours into the game.*SPOILER..Sometime after ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Winston and Peggy's wedding. Game ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ *Game crashed my comp 2 or 3 times. Dunno how I got it to stop crashing, but I backed up my save game files(deleted my oldest ones and left my newest ones. my last manual save and my autosave), then deleted my graphics and general(sound, control, etc) configs, then I started the game up and re-configured all my options for those configs.Also validated system files. I think it helped. Recommend creating a system restore point before playing this game, though. I had to use one after the 2nd or 3rd time the game crashed my comp. Also, when you start the game up, don't select ""continue game"". Select ""main story"" instead, and load your save games from there. That's what I've been doing."
,Recommended,307690,16285185,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Arrakis,ching chong! banzai!
,Recommended,307690,12770115,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Senpai Papi,"the combat is like Batman Arkham Asslump had a distant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cousin. When you drive a car its pretty much like you're a ♥♥♥♥ing cinderblock and all the other cars are filled with helium, the voice acting is cringy as hell. the story is completely uncompelling. One more thing, I understand this game revolves around hand to hand combat, but im almost 3 hours into the game. Why the hell dont I have a gun yet.Pros:Emma Stone and Lucy Liu.9.5/10"
76561198077312658,Not Recommended,307690,18395011,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,bobo7893,This game for me is slow even on the lowest grapics settings and crashes often if you want to buy it really mean it!
,Not Recommended,307690,18960896,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,shrek,Running on win 10 with an AMD Fury X. These graphics are giving me eye cancer. Absolutely disgusting.
,Recommended,307690,20116490,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Venombyte,The city is well made i love it.
76561198142715139,Not Recommended,307690,24428003,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,The Great Hank,"This game has an interesting storyline, fun combat and a interesting open world to run around in.So why do I not recommend it? Because on a technical level it is a complete mess.For some reason the shadow filtering is out of whack on computers sporting a nvidia graphics card and Windows 10.During most of the outside gameplay you will see weird horizontal lines along the pavement, something which I can live with in the original Doom, not in a AAA game from 2014. You can also forget about framepacing and vsync with this game on such a computer. Vsync disabled: the game is a stuttery mess (while fps is above 70 at all times), vsync enabled: tearing, constant tearing. You have to run this game windowed (no native support for borderless windowed) or with the steam overlay's fps counter turned on (which is a idiotic dependency to prevent tearing!). Most of the animations in cutscenes are a janky mess, which completely ruins immersion.Graphically, this game is a mixed bag. The only taxing setting is anti aliasing, shadows are glitched on Windows 10, no matter your setting in-game. Character models and car models look good, the motion blur looks refined as well, but some city geometry and textures look like they belong in a crappy old PS3 game. There is no anisotropic filtering (which has to be forced through your graphics card's driver), so most of the textures look muddy. There is a lot of clipping and the animations in cutscenes are stuttery.There is a great game in here, but the frankly awful optimisation nearly ruin it. It's very hard to see past all these issues and enjoy this game. If your cutscenes look like trash because of bad animations and your gameplay is hampered by technical issues then I cannot recommend it. If you're really interested, pick it up on a console (which might not have these issues), or when it's under €4,00 (or your regional equivalent). Perhaps you're better of than me though if you aren't runnnig Windows 10 with a GTX 970."
,Recommended,307690,13898280,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,lime,Where are the dogs?I dont get it
,Recommended,307690,14366214,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ittmah Huttmah,WOULD YOU LIKE A PORK BUN!? 8/10.
76561198046478950,Recommended,307690,13713825,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kobayashi,Yes
76561198044473565,Recommended,307690,13653292,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,AtomixGray,Buy it!!!!
76561198040039657,Recommended,307690,12523024,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Yodin,"Great game,"
,Recommended,307690,12524951,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,nitrousoxide10,The same bloody awesomeness that the original Sleeping Dogs contained.
76561198139380637,Recommended,307690,25591693,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,BegrabenWāl (Dropleyy),"This, I like8/10I would like a bit more realism - however i could play this all day so..Really good game."
76561198032646304,Recommended,307690,23744854,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Sgt Lincoln Osiris,lei homo
,Recommended,307690,13129130,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,BCMGunfighter,This is basically a Chinese GTA.
,Recommended,307690,13950957,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,LSDouchebag,I put an old mans face to a table saw.9/8 -Adolf Hitler
76561198014174804,Recommended,307690,14312855,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Gabriel,"Live Hong Kong, GTA-style."
,Recommended,307690,14433991,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,The Beer Baron,Has nothing to do with dogs
,Recommended,307690,26595598,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MiDaS.花滿樓,丢雷楼某哥超海
76561198112790026,Recommended,307690,30075916,Posted: 21 February,all,Sonya Arista,"good game, almost like GTA without weapon"
76561198273046760,Recommended,307690,35168916,Posted: 23 September,all,jason2xd,nice
,Recommended,307690,31674891,Posted: 10 May,all,Lazer Uses Vlone,Im a true piru i like to fight bhicken
,Recommended,307690,35266102,Posted: 28 September,all,SyNiX,"this game it totaly succesful game. its gta clon but it is better then gta 4 all graphics, all soundtracks, all this atmhospere, combos, fights ,weapons, wehicles this is very cool thank square enix"
,Recommended,307690,31307478,Posted: 22 April,all,ᗪ乇卂ᗪ 丨丂 卄乇尺乇,so overall its a good game good story good dlcs just good 8/10
76561198286356346,Recommended,307690,22455690,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,kkkkkkkkk,pok gai
,Recommended,307690,22818845,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,KennaPlays,Nice!
76561198019414940,Recommended,307690,22950813,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,pangsea,Superb!! you have to try it to enjoy it.
,Recommended,307690,23943684,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TransparentNinja,GTA 4 + Mirror's Edge + Saints Row?
,Recommended,307690,35337379,Posted: 30 September,all,Imonicron,If You Like The Game Thats Look Like GTA But Have a Really Great Combat? Youre At The Right Place
,Recommended,307690,35199821,Posted: 25 September,all,SuperExtremelyExtraSneaky Macky,Ask the car valet for a car... he brings you a bike.10/10
,Recommended,307690,35261692,Posted: 28 September,all,WAR | TheMajorGamer,"Sleeping dogs is a game like gta, but save up and get gta. This kinda gets boring after a while due to it being a single player game."
76561198154674188,Recommended,307690,35167458,Posted: 23 September,all,punchual,its fun...if you get it to not crash every mission
76561198123164958,Recommended,307690,20063073,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Chicken Little,Story 9.5/10Combat 10/10Driving 2/10 Its really badWorld 9/10Characters 10/10Overall 8.3/10
,Recommended,307690,18518538,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Cokkus TF,"If you liked regular Batman you will probably, maybe like Asian batman, that cant glide or drive on the right side of the road and insists on having a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera angle."
76561198152442591,Recommended,307690,14692014,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Yall got DUST???,goood gam 10 outta 10 wuld die agan
,Recommended,307690,14250385,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,fun man [d0c!],"Sleeping Dogs fills an interesting niche in the sandbox ""crime"" genre of video games that seems so popular these days. The game mixes elements of a lot of different open world games together, largely successfully, but not without its flaws.PROS:-Engaging, deep storyline that lasts quite a while-Solid gameplay, melee combat is actually pretty fun until the end of the game-Game length is acceptable, can be longer if you play the DLC and side missions-Soundtrack is wonderful; sometimes you just want to sit inside of your car for a little while to let a song end before advancing in the game.-Outfits in game are pretty darn cool, especially with all the DLC included.-Just generally fun - I had a hard time putting this game down after getting into the main plot.-Memorable characters-Atmospheric environment - even if largely inaccurate.-It feels like a proper ""RPG"" in that you actually get into the role of the main characterThere are also a lot of smaller issues that really detract from the overall experience. None of these are gamebreaking, but in hindsight they were pretty annoying.CONS:-Upgrade system makes no sense. You hoard melee move upgrades until the end of the game, only to unlock a powerful god move that makes melee combat irrelevant.-The concept of ""Sandbox"" seems lost on the developers; there's nothing to do aside from story missions except run away from the police who are incredibly easy to lose.-Side missions + DLC are lackluster at best. Especially the ""Year of the Snake"" DLC. I'd reccomend staying far away from that one if you want to preserve any good memories about the main plot.-You never need to upgrade your ""Face"" meter past rank 4 to get the valet; all other elements of that progression tree aren't particularily useful.-Game ends abruptly. I won't spoil it, but the last mission just sort of ends very suddenly.-The frequency at which guns become available after the half-way point is immersion breaking.-*SHOOTS TIRE* *GAME GOES SLOW MOTION* *SHOOTS OTHER TIRE* *GAME GOES IN SLOW MOTION* ad infintum-AI is easy. Really easy. You pretty much can't die if you're an average skilled player.-Graphics options are too limiting, especially for a ""definitive"" edition-Lots and lots of plot holes-No real villain except ""Generic Hong Kong Triad Boss #40""-Your best friend dies ;-; RIPDespite all this, I still have to reccomend the game. Comparing all its flaws and its benefits, Sleeping Dogs is truly a fun game deserving of praise. There are issues, but they are acceptable - no game is free of flaws. I wish I had bought the base game when it was out, as a lot of the DLC made the game a heck of a lot less fun with the ease at which you obtain things. I did a single run through playing only small amounts of the side content, and it took me around 20 hours.I paid 10$USD for this game during the 2014 Steam Winter Sale."
,Recommended,307690,24175522,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Black Panther,"Recomended games, for you who want to buy this game, just buy this game because this game is good"
,Recommended,307690,22712565,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ZEN,Awesome game
76561198252239508,Recommended,307690,24722710,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Wizard,One of my Favorites :o
76561198179900001,Recommended,307690,27707744,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The_Diamond_Lucario,--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
,Recommended,307690,14494402,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,NuclearByte,"Sleeping Dogs might just be a better GTA-style game than the GTA series itself. Now maybe it's just the location, but my oh my, Hong Kong is a lively and beautiful setting contrary to Los Santos in GTA V. Lights, cars, people... everywhere. However, what this game lacks is traffic. That might sounds stupid, but traffic, in my eyes, helps to convey the atmosphere of a busy city, as a New Yorker myself. Mind you this is only a personal request and the lack of which does not take away much. Traffic or no traffic, Hong Kong is still amazing.Speaking of beauty, the textures, for the most part, are very detailed. I say for the most part because often you will find a stray texture that looks horrid in comparison to the ones around it, such as the door to Wei's apartment, as an example. The models for the main characters look great, especially when you can appreciate them up-close in real-time cutscenes. The voice-acting is great too, but the facial animations are pretty mediocre. Lips are synchronized and that's great and all, but the rest of the facial muscles aren't very expressive. Lighting effects convey a vibrant and realistic setting and the reflections are accurate and organic. And the rain.. (OH THE BEAUTIFUL RAIN)... I cannot get enough of the rain, let's just say that. Colors, wetness, all around me... I like it ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).And while we're still talking about beauty let me just point out that Sleeping Dogs looks better and runs wayyy better than Watch Dogs. Sleeping Dogs gets an average of 40 fps on my GT 755M and that's on pretty high settings. This is a perfectly playable framerate and serves as a happy medium between 30 and 60 fps. There a few bugs like sometimes not being able to attach to cover for a few seconds in certain spots or a civilian getting stuck in geometry, but these don't really affect your gameplay experience.Hong Kong offers a lot to do: you can buy pork buns, other food, get a massage, and do side quests like stealing a car for someone, distracting the cops, or other various activities. Cars offer great arcade-like style, but sometimes it could feel like you're driving on ice which sometimes gets annoying. But there's a mechanic I've never seen in another game: action hijack. This feature, which lets you hijack another vehicle while driving, emphasizes the Asian-action movie vibe this game successfully accomplishes.While on the topic of action movie, by every mechanic you can see that this is the style the developers were going for. The combat system is wonderfully satisfying and complex in that you can upgrade it to earn new moves and skills such as a leg break or a roundhouse kick. Another mechanic which emphasizes the action-movie vibe is bullet-time. Just like in Max Payne, you can enter slow-motion to do some next-level-human stuff to ultimately wreck your enemies. In Sleeping Dogs this can be triggered by vaulting over cover and aiming or by aiming at enemies while driving. In one side mission, more than 100 motorcyclists were shooting at me consecutively while I was riding shotgun in a car, delivering dope, as gangsters do.In open world games, the story might be a trivial path for some players for its usual mediocrity. However, in Sleeping Dogs, this is not the case. The plot is surprisingly well-written and interesting. It involves Wei Shen, an undercover cop who is becoming too attached to his gangster role. The story, while not as amazing as, let's say: The Last of Us, is still much better than average and is certainly worth playing through.Overall, Sleeping Dogs is an open-world game done right. With an interesting story, great use of freedom, challenging yet satisfying combat system, bullet time, and decent driving, you can't go wrong. Sleeping Dogs is a standout in the genre and a game that melds many features in a manner which works.9.4/10"
,Recommended,307690,26188602,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,I want skins from skinhub.com,It's like GTA IV but with with the combat from the Arkham games and no annoying cousin.+Badass executions+Badass fedoras-Not enough anime tiddies9/10
,Recommended,307690,24773724,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,G0D_0NE,I just really like this game plain and simple
,Recommended,307690,22887420,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,TheBrainlessRobot,"Sleeping Dogs is the best GTA clone to date,and it is not even that much of a GTA clone.It has enough new mechanics that it feels original and it is.The combat is great and the story is fullfilling.However you should just get the original because none of the DLC are worth the extra cash.The pc port is actually very good so if i were you I would pick this up on sale or buy the orginal for asking price."
76561197977324092,Not Recommended,307690,22191683,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,bkcrt,"This would be a great game... if it wasn't for the combat. It's basically grapple, punch, repeat. The game tries to let you counter attack, but often does not register that you even pressed the counter attack key.It's a shame. The environments are cool. The characters are neat and memorable. Too bad. Controls got in the way of this being a good game."
76561198008849297,Not Recommended,307690,22213558,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ppow,"I'm suprised by other positive reviews, to me game gave little enjoyment. In fact I feel I spend already too much time on it forcing myself to give it a try...Main cons:- it feels like a failed console port, failing to utilize the keyboard and using uncomfortable key mappings- the fight feels like mortal combat rather than kung fu, requiring you to bash the keys and do combos- there is no way to skip fighting or reduce the difficulty/frequency, you have to ""learn to like it""- characters and story are way too much of a cliche for me, I can't find any interest in their progression"
,Recommended,307690,24666474,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,"Echo""Location""",This is basically an inverted Grand Theft Auto game
76561198250329326,Recommended,307690,24838168,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,i am the man,"wasted my money on it , lags a lot, but i dont care , soon or later probably going to move to a better pc"
76561198120657166,Recommended,307690,18363266,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,DominantBrownie,鸟了一个人在他的屁股， 但是不homo杀了很多人。你必须玩这个电脑游戏。
76561198254610297,Not Recommended,307690,24514006,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,AmosReginaldJr.,itr crashes after 7.3 minutes everytime!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,307690,24030272,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,comminsar,"Better than GTA!*runs for cover*I do like how instead of just lumping all the DLC in from the start, they intergrated it into the story to warrent another playthrough of the ""Definitive Edition"" with DLC missions scattered throughout the actual story, and the costumes and cars being unlocked, or being able to be brought from venders.Thoroughly enjoying revisiting Hong Kong again and again, this time with slightly pretty graphics."
,Recommended,307690,16050681,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,MAAAAD_GOAT,"I first played this game on the ps3 and when i saw the new and improved edition for the PC i knew i had to get the game to experience that nostalgia trip one more time. only problem i have is that none of the DLC packs that said came w/ this edition wont load in the game so i am a little bummed out. but besides that it is a great game with an awesome story mode and great character personalities, LOTS of blood and gore and wonderful gritty action, the game itself gets a 10/10 from me but i think i will give the definitive edition a 9/10 because of the problem with the dlc. besides that i would have to say that it is a MUST BUY and is necessary for your steam library."
76561198131955770,Recommended,307690,16919668,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Captain Canada,"GET THIS GAME! Amazing story with well made characters.You feel your computer cant run it? I did too. Its fine you'll love the game even at a super low resolution. I played through the whole game at 640 x 400 or less, and still loved it.But get ready for the feels..."
,Recommended,307690,15154876,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,ToRRIIDeR,"Now, this game isnt really that special actually, this kinda like a GTA 5 ""copy cat"". But i felt that this game was enjoyable and decided to do a review on it. To start of, the game has a 'ok' storyline. This is featured in Hong Kong where the triadsrule and destroy each other for fame and territory. The main character in this game is a male named wei shen, you are a undercover cop and your mission is to aid the police team i capturing the triads. In my honest opinion, the game had a bad start, it didnt tell you what really had happened and then you are suddenly caught by the police. After jail he came out and became a cop or did he even went to jail? nvm... Although the stroyline was bad, the rest was pretty fun. It even managed my self to feel sad for one incident during thr game. Now comes the bad stuff, the game has NO MULTIPLAYER!! WHY?I have no idea, but this game could have gotten a 9/10 easily with multiplayer. But for now it is a solid 8/10."
76561198094329636,Recommended,307690,16061386,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Man of Culture,Very fun game to play 10/10
,Recommended,307690,15923379,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,namiuo,"Great game. Unfortunately for me, I got this as GTAV was coming out :/. I did however play for a bit and so far this game shows an insane amount of promise. Excellent attention to every single detail in the genre. If you are a fan of Saint's Row, Grand Theft Auto or any open world game like those, this is more than right up your alley. You should ask your mom to slap you if you haven't at least tried this. All in all, I give it 4/5 stars.Pros:Holy crap its detailed! Even down to the combat system!Visually pleasing without the bloated system resource hogging of other *cough*rand*cough*eft*cough*auto games.Intricate gang system and a wonderful blend of RPG elements to keep you on your toes and progress the story.Cons:Probably in one of the only game genres capable of being described as a title instead of genre, and this is not the title associated if you get my drift.Somewhat clunky camera anglesNon-standard keyboard controls, i just got used to them. I am not sure if you can change the keybindings.Possibly offensive to certain ethnicities."
,Recommended,307690,18480303,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Spoiled Milk,Ye
76561198042370235,Recommended,307690,22069030,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Drakken,Welcome to the rice fields
,Recommended,307690,19794660,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mcdonalds Internet,"Sorta like GTA. Except your punches have combo moves, you can put people in the trunk of your car, you can do enviorment attacks, and you can beat people up with a fish. This game is set in Hong Kong, and it looks pretty good. The car driving is a bit different from GTA because you can ram into other peoples car with the shift key, The car's steering wheel is also on the right side of the car instead of the left"
76561198225647160,Not Recommended,307690,20120190,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gamer101,"I really enjoyed the original edition that I had. Definitive is not that good. Controls are not fluid & it hangs after sometime of gameplay. It may hang after 15 minutes sometimes, sometimes after 30 minutes. I have updated graphics dirvers, etc. Still same problem. My specs are: AMD FX 4100 3.6 GHZ  processor, 12 GB Ram, Radeon 7700 series graphic card, Windows 64 bit.Also add on DLC is not that much fun."
,Recommended,307690,18472921,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Takposha,"This game is one of the rare cases of a videogame being artistic in a way of core gameplay and feel. A city which feels alive, a story where the lines between ethics and loyalty are blurred, and gameplay mechanics tying it all together. A true masterpiece in the open world category."
,Recommended,307690,20703897,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,KILLERR,this is best game kung fu and evrything
76561198263583959,Recommended,307690,23378922,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ハリネズミのソニック,The story is funny the game is freaking Dope but the part when you need to hack the security codes in i so wish they didn't put that mess in the game because that's like the most biggest headache that's actually in the game lol
76561198046732318,Recommended,307690,23745547,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,The Family Pickle,heyyyyyyyyyyyy its pretty good
76561198183866298,Recommended,307690,23787777,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Oldskool,"'Look mommy, karaoke.'""No Ricky, don't look.. I don't want you to get influenced by....""'Too late, mother. I am Wei Shen and I will set this city straight!'""NOOOOO!""Also, great game!!"
,Recommended,307690,21643276,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,N1ghtStr1ke44,"AAAAAAAARGH!!!! HIGH SPECS!!! LAG!!! *Ragequits and destroys computer*JK one of the best games i ever played. Other than a little lag, it runs beautifully."
,Recommended,307690,25613051,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,paizuri paulie,"this game has stuck with me since its release. if you enjoy fun, good games, get it. especially if it is on sale. you wont be mad"
,Recommended,307690,26084306,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,BarDocK,"Now i dont wanna tell you the game, If you wanted to hear that you could just read the description. I will tell you my experienceIts an awesome game, im yet to finish it but i didnt encounter bugs as some people said. For a time my game was constantly crashing but it had something to do with windows touch service or something like that so i disabled it and no issue left. The atmoshpere is great, story is good, gameplay is slighty repeatitive but since it has lots of side missions and story is insteresting with with ups and downs it covers up for that and doesnt feel like that at all.Overall its great and definitely worth a buy. (9/10)"
76561198128133401,Recommended,307690,28169213,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Dee,ภาพยังไม่ค่อยสวยเท่าไหร่ แต่รวมๆ ก็มันดี
,Recommended,307690,27523400,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dingle,ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER MADE!
,Recommended,307690,30117095,Posted: 23 February,all,fRontal~,GGWP
76561198120727356,Recommended,307690,32458418,Posted: 15 June,all,Righteous Panda,This was an awesome game
,Recommended,307690,16178912,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,72dnegeLehT,its fun
,Recommended,307690,33263118,Posted: 4 July,all,Holopsicon,Very good games!! Make me remember some Jackie Chan movies.
,Recommended,307690,32804694,Posted: 26 June,all,Tasty Pickles,*punch*
,Recommended,307690,33249602,Posted: 4 July,all,Christyna64,Love this game.
,Recommended,307690,29216908,Posted: 12 January,all,AnEalingFeeling,Pendrew's British! You hear that?A BRITISH VILLAIN. Such new ideas. That's never been done before.But he's a good British villain... ehm villain. He's a good villain. F**king hell this bloke is a b**tard near the end.
,Recommended,307690,28741068,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Asgar Jaya,relly good acton free roam games
76561198264927699,Recommended,307690,29613473,Posted: 31 January,all,England Is My City,I really like this game but some points such as painfullu lack luster car races and mini games such as hacking or tracing calls seem to be more of chores and really drags me out of the immersive rich vibrant environment of the sleeping dogs universe however the game still retains my interest with really interesting story plots and anawsome combat system with the emphasis on martial arts and combos instead of guns would highly recommend this game to fans of open world asian triad style of a game.
,Recommended,307690,29044571,Posted: 5 January,all,丂Ҝ尺尺,cha   neez gta
,Recommended,307690,16856555,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,GraGoose,like gta but with asians
76561198047355590,Recommended,307690,23543045,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Has science gone TOO far?,Most racist kung fu simulator ever.
76561198141903580,Not Recommended,307690,17062729,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,mrnonsapien,not a good game for pc. fighting rules to hard to get when you only use mouse. it was sucha waste of money
76561198282872476,Recommended,307690,21146453,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Novaretic,MUST BUY!This version includes all DLCs and also comes with full story.
,Recommended,307690,24172765,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mr.Grey,why not add car modification
,Recommended,307690,24217740,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Коля,I've played this game twice and I still love it
,Recommended,307690,19593929,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,jeb0y,Nice game besides GTA V
76561198168414849,Recommended,307690,19592811,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Rodknock's Mod Shop,"Like GTA5, but in China.11/10 would shoot out of windows like a thug."
76561198140460130,Recommended,307690,19543926,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,bad buck main,"i bought this game because of ""Crows Zero 2"""
76561198100322039,Recommended,307690,19521489,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Blake967,"Played for a little bit, kind of skeptical on the game. I hadn't heard of it before, but it was on sale. But once you get into the game, dear god. The gameplay is great, the fighting mechanics are easy to learn but hard to get down. The story is amazing, and the sheer amount of Pop culture references are great. If you can get this game, I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,307690,19554605,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,JmannDX,"It's Sleeping Dogs, but definitiver."
76561198170468453,Recommended,307690,19559814,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,transelvenia,Overall its a good game. I havent finished it yet. But i can definately recommend it to all gamers. Story and sidemissions are really very good. Although I will say this buy this product at sale only.
76561198035625782,Recommended,307690,19604429,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Sortient,"A heartily enjoyable game, however once you complete all the side missions and DLC it has little replay value."
,Recommended,307690,32030190,Posted: 28 May,all,SNiPpy YiPpy,"Fantastic Throwback to Hong Kong. Elegant night views, perfectly replicated in what some may call a flawless game. A Brilliant Game mechanic allows for intense fighting scenes and a moody and drifting story. Just wished they could of made another."
,Recommended,307690,16057564,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Hopr,"the story still same,i guess. but the texture is awesome i like this game"
,Recommended,307690,32540835,Posted: 18 June,all,The Pheaz for Prez,"this game is alright, story is interesting but I wasn't compelled to complete it. But the cut scenes have really good animation and the game has a cool asthetic. but other than that it's pretty bland. the combat is fun but repetitive, and the map is small and kinda badly designed, not very memorable. the most fun I had was driving on the sidewalks and running into people. get it on sale"
76561198361753954,Recommended,307690,32839905,Posted: 26 June,all,StovenJuan,for the price i say its fair... ish. i have been playing for an ok amount of time and i have always hated the motor cycle races they are bull alot of the time and keep making me spending 45 minutes on them. but other wise the game is really good and a fun place to♥♥♥♥♥♥around in too. welp have fun if you get it
76561198204048284,Recommended,307690,30178993,Posted: 25 February,all,Re Re Rodregez,"The ""Almost Bruce Lee"" simulator."
,Recommended,307690,17037373,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Backlog Gaming,Amazing game 10/10 its GTA but better!!!!
76561198311409328,Recommended,307690,30194911,Posted: 26 February,all,matkabozia,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,307690,15024838,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,AffeSpan,It's an open world where you are a member of Sun on Yee (gangster) and ♥♥♥♥ the gang Dogeyes. You can also work with the police and ♥♥♥♥ the other gangsters.It's almost the same as GTA and Saints Row.It's an awesome and you shouød play this game.
76561198040909072,Recommended,307690,20480864,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,The American Dream,"Disclaimer:Reviewed the game based on the xbox version (got tired of screen tearing on pc version)In short, it's a pretty decent game. It reminds me of a cross between Grand Theft Auto and Assassin's Creed with more AC elements than GTA."
76561198089352251,Recommended,307690,21026477,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,antisouless,"I can never get passed(past? Hate this word. Which one is right? I could Google it but...oh well). I can never get further than the first few missions. Because I uninstall it, then instal it, and for some reason my save files to go to some cloud somewhere. That first mission. I've played it so many times. I HATE IT.So I found a save file. Boom.Love it.Good game. Do Macau next."
,Recommended,307690,33048456,Posted: 30 June,all,ariawan7,"Good game, rekomended kalo yang suka main GTA San Andreas / Watch Dog"
,Recommended,307690,15443291,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,"Gawshdarnit, Grill",Like GTA but you're asian and you're bad a driving.8/10
76561198169375797,Recommended,307690,16000865,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Raivis Galante,FUN!
,Recommended,307690,16030090,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Motix,"It's good. Really, really good."
76561198079826665,Not Recommended,307690,16095507,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,The great Khan of Patagonia,"Do not download this game unless you are running it on a supercomputer, my computer specs vastly exceed the recommended specs and it still runs at 11 frames per second on the lowest settings possible."
76561198002972829,Recommended,307690,16465485,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,giddym00,You can play as IP man.If that's not reason enough...YOU CAN PLAY AS IP MAN!
,Recommended,307690,16619589,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Japrang,lel
76561198088651539,Recommended,307690,16645076,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rewo,so addicted with this game.
,Recommended,307690,16651252,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,kcabouda,"Very entertaining gta-like, I loved the hand-combat in it."
76561198151296673,Recommended,307690,16652353,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DankDuck1x™,It's great but it lags with my decent PC
,Recommended,307690,14390047,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ACiDRogue,"Pork Buns, Fish Stick, Ice Cream, Dragon Kick."
76561198087902801,Recommended,307690,14401405,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Eric,I felt like bruce lee. 10/10
,Recommended,307690,14413505,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Junaeu,Fat people keep killing me...
76561198086498571,Recommended,307690,14420113,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,StonkerTV,"Love the look of this game, UI that is"
,Recommended,307690,14428433,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,kaluk,This game is freaking awesome. So much stuff to do and everything is so much fun. Also i had no technical issues playing this game.
,Recommended,307690,14428891,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,disbkoolin,Good game + HD quality picture + smooth gameplay = amazing game ; All I wish now is more blood into the action
76561198079329371,Recommended,307690,14432610,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Shadowy,A better GTA ( hater gonna hate)
,Recommended,307690,14443429,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Gorgeous Gamer,I spent more time eating pork buns than actually playing the game
,Recommended,307690,14474152,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Dr.Steave Brule,amazing story i recommend this game to ALL!just driveing on the other side of the road was confuseing at first x)
76561198139076134,Recommended,307690,14475568,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,✪ TeMpER,"Fun game, sorta like GTA 5!"
,Recommended,307690,14503595,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,STARSHOPPING,amazing game if you havent played anyother True Crime games i recomend those too
,Recommended,307690,14539550,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Cheesychip,Got this Definitive Edition on a sale here just a couple of weeks ago and I will say it has been some of the best $8.50 I have ever spent on gaming. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,307690,14551520,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,The Glorious Kid,It even runs on my nongaming computer. One of my favorites for sure.
,Recommended,307690,14838172,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,pfhy2k,Grabbed a girlShoved her in the trunk of a carDrove into the oceanJumped outGirl still in trunkSwam to shoreAte a pork bunAwesome
,Recommended,307690,14920555,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,#RIPTit,good in every way except for the fps
,Recommended,307690,14943139,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,kay0978071036,not bad
,Recommended,307690,15310857,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Justin_CupCake,I killed a guy with a FISH! A FISH! 10/10 Would kill with a fish again! plan on it actually!FISHTALITY
76561198160112898,Recommended,307690,15396888,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,David,one of 3 franchises i wont ever stop playing.... !!! 10/10
,Recommended,307690,15667269,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,unixsteven,good game
,Recommended,307690,16030509,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,QU4CK,its gud.
76561198223240808,Recommended,307690,16100866,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,GamesWontWork24/7,Good game
,Recommended,307690,14043789,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rex,10/10
,Recommended,307690,14071548,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,❤,This Game Is Great! :D
,Recommended,307690,16701664,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Major FuzzBear,GTA where you can wear a Bruce Lee jumpsuit.
,Recommended,307690,16713774,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SaltyOtter,Good.
76561198110576126,Recommended,307690,16733301,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,grandma swamp,This one doesn't crash.
76561198101577462,Recommended,307690,16749917,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Unruly,Definitly not a nap time doggie simulator
76561198010366377,Recommended,307690,16761113,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Maverati,Bruce Lee the game 10/10
76561198116697980,Recommended,307690,16772420,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ddd,"This is truly awesome game. Graphics, animations, story, music, effects, missions. Very enjoyable."
76561198187606173,Not Recommended,307690,16849628,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,cancer,i cant run this it just loads me to my desktop
76561198094763912,Not Recommended,307690,16869204,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,i drink xanax,returmed it
76561198329166330,Recommended,307690,25662201,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,New,"main story too short....u can finish it if u focus the main story in 2-4 hour zzzz what i think is wei shen will be the top of sun on yee XD,but the story line not bad just because i buy it when its offer XP"
,Recommended,307690,27260883,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hawke131,"It's like GTA, but actually fun."
76561198338340068,Recommended,307690,33868337,Posted: 28 July,all,Zakariya A.M.,It is good game
76561198051904646,Recommended,307690,33875498,Posted: 29 July,all,RyomaS,You get to be WEI SHEN.
,Recommended,307690,27415050,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Deathenator,"Fresh Take on an open-world game, the hand-to-hand is really good at making you feel like a BAMF.10/10 would shen again"
,Recommended,307690,27415088,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kerubin Kool,Love the Hong Kong vibe. Nice storyline. Supreb graphic. 5/5 for me
,Recommended,307690,27906238,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Worvern Scar,Want a gta game that has a nice twist? Then you found your home.
76561198164790601,Recommended,307690,29640371,Posted: 1 February,all,[BDW] Jazzy Jake,"Overall better than Saints Row 2, at times better than Saints Row 3. Hopefully some are helped by this."
,Recommended,307690,26606892,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,TheFirstRealm,Best Battletoads chinese remake
,Recommended,307690,26609786,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,JellyRingNuggets,A man who never eats his pork bun is never a WHOLE man.Pork buns for lyfe
,Recommended,307690,27341066,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/zimzorz,One of the best games I ever played. Love everything about this game other than the driving mechanics. They are kinda screwy. Sad they arent making another one :(
76561197971616677,Recommended,307690,27412821,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Watshuwei10,If you have any doubt about getting this game let me make the decision for you; BUY ITIt is absolutely worth it if you like open world games
76561198009106351,Recommended,307690,27422619,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,xXNightLordz,Total love the story
76561198032140696,Recommended,307690,27814098,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xxGSxx,So much fun.
76561198045259486,Recommended,307690,27888874,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,COBilicious,Fantastic
,Recommended,307690,27908883,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SheYi,"Very nice RPG!The plot is amaizing, graphics are Good and the game play awesome!"
76561198008219715,Recommended,307690,27921088,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KillJoy™,YOU LOOK LIKE YOU CAN USE A PORK BUN !
76561198216111197,Recommended,307690,28043221,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RatedPlayer,"I compared the game with gta V whilst playing it and i believe that i made hell of a competition. I mean it lost, but there was a competition."
,Recommended,307690,27933150,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gravanote,Another great game to buy 'when on sale' 8/10
,Recommended,307690,26606044,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Smoof,lovely game totaly recomended!!!
,Recommended,307690,26535746,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Harmanily,"Great game , a must play."
,Recommended,307690,28592846,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Silas the Savage,Very fun i love beating up random people in this game
,Recommended,307690,21044464,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,☆pew,10/10 Perfect game
76561198097390535,Not Recommended,307690,30399749,Posted: 8 March,all,aTRUEgroovie,this game has great story anddriving but the controlls feel very wiggy and unresponsive like the game was only made to munch and drive once you get to the shooting stage of the game your gonna hate this sh#t.
,Not Recommended,307690,30799236,Posted: 28 March,all,Samedius,"Picked this up on a sale so cant complain at price, decided to give it a go, got 11 hrs in unlocked quite a few techniques etc and started to really enjoy it. Then I got to a certain mission and everytrime I finished it just got stuck on a loading screen, checked online tried a couple of fixes, even replayed a couple of hours as someone suggested could be a cortrupted game save. Nope everytime I play that mission it just sits there loading when I finished. Uninstalled never to be played again."
76561198041550897,Recommended,307690,14456211,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,blueimpb,"WOW this game is fantastic. GTA IV in Hong Kong, basically. Good controls, fun missions, good story, great setting. If you like open-world games with the same kind of mission and HUD setup as GTA IV, and/or you like martial-arts-intensive games like the Batman Arkham franchise, then you're going to be very, very happy with this purchase."
,Recommended,307690,33403625,Posted: 9 July,all,바보,45 757uthgbcvn
,Recommended,307690,28793439,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Des_WK,Cool!!!
,Recommended,307690,25076436,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Beemaster3000,"Really good open world crime game.+Focus on brutal arkham-esc melee combat with awesome combos and enviromental kills.+Dlc is intergrated into the main game quite well+Enjoyable story about an undercover cop+the zodiac tournament+freerunning+Bullet time jump from cover+silly karaoke minigame+lots of side quests and collectables+Lots of clothes to wear+Has both silly and serious moments+Almost all non-radio music is good+While the graphics are not the best, the city is filled with all sorts of lights and looks astonishing-you must equip dlc outfits completely instead of wearing parts of them-Compared to GTA V or Saints row 2, the radio is horribleWorth 30 € but frequently on sale too"
76561198040173478,Recommended,307690,26363493,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Spear,"Great free-roaming game, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,307690,29976090,Posted: 16 February,all,●◆SWAMI◆●,Loved it
76561198196901131,Recommended,307690,32989194,Posted: 29 June,all,beaststriker,"Fighting style in game reminds me of Batman Arkham Series and for the story overall, its basically near perfect."
76561198247608600,Recommended,307690,31520694,Posted: 3 May,all,AskingAlexandria,10/10 would tase somebody in the butt again
,Recommended,307690,25626567,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,NicCage1TrueGod,cool
,Not Recommended,307690,22446965,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Cow Boi,it just go out game all time
76561197970403229,Recommended,307690,34458969,Posted: 24 August,all,GrimMonkey,Basically GTA Hong Kong.
,Recommended,307690,23090090,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,chag1ya사나,Asian's GTA!! Nice storyline.
,Recommended,307690,16035446,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Goat Marine,"Dressed up my hunky Asian male as The Bride from Kill Bill, then smacked a police officer with an umbrella.7/11"
76561198129971118,Recommended,307690,31651094,Posted: 9 May,all,Pred,"6.5/10pros:graphics, story, feelingcons:no choices, no f-16, no wanting to play again after finishing the main quest.no improved sequel"
,Recommended,307690,20694797,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dux,"This game remains a favourite of mine, it looks amazing, has great voice acting and story and a has a flawless combat system that will leave you cringing for the guy who's head you just mashed into an exhaust fan. 10/10 would buy a pork bun again"
,Recommended,307690,27761657,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,erypto,"One of the best games I've ever played. Got it free with gold on Xbox, and just HAD to get it again on PC."
76561198017214910,Recommended,307690,26684865,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Rek80,"Love the Hong Kong setting, and the combination of melee with gunplay is fun.Also, I appreciate being a hot Asian."
,Recommended,307690,16850859,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,bboalt,fantastic
76561198170633027,Recommended,307690,21676004,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,The sentient fedora,Fun game but runs very sloely on loe end device.Now if you exuse me i'm going to stare at a certain ad for a while. Oh yeah.
76561198065513822,Recommended,307690,29289654,Posted: 15 January,all,Clumsyninja,"After completeing the game, and seeing the credits roll, i knew i was satisfied. This game was amazing! Tons of action, interesting characters, and a world full of things to do. Sure it's not as big as GTAV, but to me i enjoyed the gameplay more.. At least when it came to combat. Far more fluid, and complex. Playing almost all events, missions, and such made me wish it would never end. Great soundtrack too, and really works well with the game.If you want an action packed open world game where you have an enourmous amounts of things to do, this is the game for you. The only con i can say is that some of the side missions were reptitive, and not varied enough, but still fun."
,Recommended,307690,17451318,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,goodbye,"If you love martial arts and action movies, you'll love this.I reckon you play with a controller for the best experience."
,Recommended,307690,33471262,Posted: 11 July,all,SittingDuck,"Probably my favorite GTA-like game out there.  The driving is really tight and the melee fighting is the most fun I've had in any fighting game, ever.The story is really good too."
,Recommended,307690,33481834,Posted: 12 July,all,gino,"if John woo decided to make a videogame, this would be probably it.Highlights:1. Great Story.2. Intuitive Fighting Mechanics ( even better than its nearest open world cousin GTA V3. The Graphics have aged pretty well. Still looks amazing at 1080p or higher.Get this! totally worth it."
76561198141674456,Recommended,307690,33491603,Posted: 12 July,all,supergojira_8765,This was a very awesome game that deserved much more credit than it recieved!
76561198025541397,Recommended,307690,33495855,Posted: 12 July,all,ggreggarious,One of the better sandbox games ever made. Thoughtful story. Exciting action. Sublime voice acting. Intense soundtrack. Played this game on Xbox 360 and loved every minute of it. Playing through it again on PC to relive the experience in full detail. One of my favorite little touches are the conversations a mother and daughter have. They usually stand outside of your flat and talk for a little bit after saving your game. Had more than one laugh listening to the angst of the daughter trying to convince her traditional mother that she should be trusted. Another favorite touch is the music selection played during missions. Even better than what Rockstar does with their meticulously-crafted games. Only real complaints I have are the menu animations are needless and slow you down when opening the map/saving/changing settings/etc. and the driving physics are completely messed up (even with a controller). Minor niggles. It is a bummer United Front was closed; I sincerely hope whoever has the Sleeping Dogs rights creates a sequel. 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,307690,33535255,Posted: 14 July,all,DewaYoGamer,Good
76561198376262968,Recommended,307690,33548065,Posted: 14 July,all,hermanherjayanto19,veryyy goood game ever
,Recommended,307690,33499684,Posted: 13 July,all,Fur Elise,"Its a good game, the fighting, the shooting, but easy cop and i freaking hate the moto-cycle driving.5/7 for story and gameplay yep yep. If only i can play it on high graphic ,_, (low graphic w/ 20fps XD)"
76561198120592882,Recommended,307690,33529476,Posted: 13 July,all,Dr. Fumbles,You can lock the FPS to 15 for that cinematic experience.
76561198284934160,Recommended,307690,24200474,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,zack209,cool game i like it :)
,Recommended,307690,24204276,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Yukirin,"If you love Kungfu and GTA & wanna play it on Hong Kong, you'll definitely love this."
76561198199926167,Recommended,307690,17586310,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Death_shader,no
76561198178991899,Recommended,307690,29912910,Posted: 13 February,all,MintJelly,"I do recomend this game. It's deep, gritty, action. Great voices.One problem, it stops working at certain points in the game. Be mindful of saving."
,Recommended,307690,25302058,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,✠GreenGarnish✠,"GTA in chinatown its got a real good combat system mechanics but other then that i didnt really like the execution of the ending, still a good game overrall. 7/10"
,Recommended,307690,23910239,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[_TAS_] Dvck God,"I don't know if the problem occurs for everyone else, but the game has a terrible camera. I don't own an XBOX controller so  I can't see if playing with one fixes the issue, but otherwise the game looks good and WAS fun on the PS3 when I first played it. I can't say I don't recommend the game it's just that the camera is insanely annoying."
,Recommended,307690,33014222,Posted: 29 June,all,nob0dy,SO ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME
76561198080337317,Recommended,307690,25407953,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,TIMMY!!!,"Pretty good game, but could be better. Firearms hadling is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. 4/5."
,Recommended,307690,14270463,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Killersandy,"yhe best game ever, i have gotten use to the plain version but this verson is alot better ands makes sence, i was wondering on the plain sleeping dogs i was ranking up quick and i have to find blue boxes, amazing, i am wondering about his open world traid wars, and its free to everyone, when can i play that, that would be amazing, i like to play the game with my imagnation like i am in the world, and i love the sound system in the apt,and i use that in my apt also i get huge speakers with huge bass, now all i need to make walls to keep the sound in, and i got that i keep it in my ears, useing 5.1  sound system, amazing stuff"
,Recommended,307690,30077984,Posted: 21 February,all,MCHesh,"Great game, very fun fighting mechanics. Driving is a bit odd but not to bad."
,Recommended,307690,14653401,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,JuCeDoGi,Very enjoyable game.Loved the island tournament bit.Hating the trying to find random events on the city though... they're the one thing that does not appear on your mini map.If you like the idea of an open city and getting it on martial arts style then this is for you.To be honest the only thing that was really annoying for me was leveling up the triad level... it rises so slowly that you end up having to replay missions to be able to get it to the max.
,Recommended,307690,35201955,Posted: 25 September,all,MR.YOLo[TH],yea its fun but it crash all the time when i play over 20 minutes update this ihope this is bug thank you
,Recommended,307690,35173070,Posted: 24 September,all,Super Drone - Muse ( ͡° ͜ʖ,need steam cloud
76561198170689503,Recommended,307690,31733885,Posted: 13 May,all,Mr. Memes,Good 👌
76561198044028132,Recommended,307690,31640068,Posted: 8 May,all,KERLS,It's like GTA but everyone knows karate.
,Recommended,307690,31688476,Posted: 11 May,all,CaptainFoot,Verey fun gamego buy it!
,Recommended,307690,31723759,Posted: 13 May,all,peak,Very good game.Wei Shen > Jackie Chan
,Recommended,307690,31724577,Posted: 13 May,all,snek,10/10.would wei chen again.
76561198150239607,Recommended,307690,31728872,Posted: 13 May,all,Big_Fat_Barney,Boi its to good to be true
,Recommended,307690,31663540,Posted: 10 May,all,Natteke,This is totally my favourite!
,Recommended,307690,35246329,Posted: 27 September,all,BlueJay,"combat is fun, but not hard, i think its better than darksoul for most people. but i wish combat could be shorter, sometime it took too much time to fight those fat guys. story is ok."
,Recommended,307690,18232144,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Miklo,"Sleeping Dogs is the definition of a good game, this is what I call an masterpiece. Epic story, funny side quests and nice open world."
,Recommended,307690,35260403,Posted: 28 September,all,krash__,"Man this game rocks, recently i was so bored by the last AC, but this game, its even a lot better than GTA, nice Game-Controls, nice fresh fightmode, hope it gets even more difficult to play later on. Cool characters, and the city is well modelled. Reminds me a bit on Shenmue but with much more action ;-). great game, its fun. On sale its a must buy."
76561198021743600,Recommended,307690,35324764,Posted: 29 September,all,Mr. Kookie,hmmmmm...
76561198370216441,Recommended,307690,35195515,Posted: 24 September,all,Sailor Moon,Asian GTA with more likable characters.
76561198339570765,Recommended,307690,35195391,Posted: 24 September,all,The Ocarina of Time,"its fun. It's not AMAZING. But i reccomend. As long as it's not 59.99, which it isn't, it's worth it. Hong Kong is a cool setting and I love how you can use your surroundings to your advantage."
76561198055399432,Not Recommended,307690,24827244,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,"James, the Arkham Engineer","this game is damn enjoyble.....   but then comes with annoying bits that is getting in the way of my experience.one of them is being the counter button is idioticly mapped to the same button to action button (E), forcing me to change the keyboard settings around frequently between fist fights ,gun fights and driving, this really needs to be fixed. the demo controls are somehow better.i say, grab a controller or better yet buy it on a console until a modding community pops up....if only the orginal still exists.."
76561198110065772,Recommended,307690,35300447,Posted: 29 September,all,Dior,社会我威哥，人狠话也多。
76561198060729781,Not Recommended,307690,35385028,Posted: 1 October,all,3.0,keeps crashing sobs
,Recommended,307690,31609009,Posted: 7 May,all,TacoLord424,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!
,Not Recommended,307690,19408581,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Jordo212,"This game is great itself but is wrecked on steam, 16 minutes of gameplay game crashes, and decides it will never open again. Refunded, If you get this game dont get it through steam its broken."
76561198022357813,Recommended,307690,22787402,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,W  H  A  T,This game is awesome.I had many hours of fun!!
76561198328700579,Recommended,307690,26413928,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,f0leyme1ster-iwni-,I like playing classical music while going on wild car chasesI like trains
,Recommended,307690,35318325,Posted: 29 September,all,Feliz25,"vehicle handling is crazy .. not realistic , but the graphics are awesome"
76561198079653833,Recommended,307690,19886634,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Phoenix 5,"""A man who never plays Sleeping Dogs is never a whole man!"""
,Recommended,307690,30623361,Posted: 19 March,all,Mustain11,So ♥♥♥♥ing good
76561198071698217,Recommended,307690,31732457,Posted: 13 May,all,Lyle,this game is awesome i highly recommend this
76561198358897376,Recommended,307690,35284270,Posted: 28 September,all,PbFtChicken,"I am the Andy Lau,  Chow Yun-Fat, Tony Leung, etc  in every HK Triad movie ever made! This is the best.Loved it on PS3, the Definitive Edition is a must."
76561198095849938,Recommended,307690,35287904,Posted: 29 September,all,❦ Zombu ☸,It takes guts to wear that!
76561198311074469,Recommended,307690,35288964,Posted: 29 September,all,Bl4ck_H0LE,"This game is amazing,you should give it a try"
,Recommended,307690,35284495,Posted: 28 September,all,MikeC,Great game but short story
76561198027959366,Recommended,307690,25717991,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,taranova,"Although the plot is paper-thin and predictable, there's something satisfying about playing a Chinese-flavored, GTA-inspired crime sandbox. And the sandbox is sleek and well-designed, too; the city feels real enough, the martial-arts style combat is fun and punchy, and there's a decent amount of diversions when you're not in the mood to play undercover cop. Sleeping Dogs takes itself seriously--you won't see anything similar to the parodying antics of Saints Row or GTA, at least not often--but not too seriously, and that's what makes it endearing."
,Recommended,307690,14432766,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,.Zaga,Like GTA with Asians.
76561198423609789,Recommended,307690,35464045,Posted: 3 October,all,inyourheart,nicegmaes
,Recommended,307690,26138784,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,K.z,PLEASE DONT READ THE REVIEW DUDEJUST BOUGHT AND PLAYThx
76561198057193160,Recommended,307690,35495606,Posted: 5 October,all,Redbean,This game makes me feel awesome :)Got it on sale. Tried it. Love it!
76561198293562260,Recommended,307690,25569762,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,电脑玩家 帥到屌爆炸,Great Game! Better than GTA in some aspects! Worth playing!
,Recommended,307690,14039468,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Ziltoid Le Muet,"Girlz in this game want to have sex with you after a 5 minutes date...totally realistic69/10Ho and you can put your head in walls and get stuck. HK style.The sweat effect is amazing, one of the best I even seen.And the driving is done on the left side of the road, for the brithish people around here, it's a must buy.melee combat is fun, really. Gunplay is average but it's not GTA, you won't find a gun in a garbage can.You want Crasyness? Buy SR 3-4 (or the upcoming gat out of hell)You want serious social commentary (somehow...) or a huge diverse map? Wait for GTA VYou want to punch faces, kick gonades? Buy SD"
76561198072660975,Not Recommended,307690,33483030,Posted: 12 July,all,Armament,"I have to warn people that the driving in this game on pc ports is beyond bad.  It was designed for a controller and no work was put into making it usable for mouse and keyboard.  By bad, i mean worse than any driving or horseback riding simulator out there.  The rest of the game is pretty good, but the devs dropped the ball on driving.  Use a controller or pass on this game."
76561198085755879,Not Recommended,307690,19589431,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Nikon the Third,"It could be such a fun game, it really could.But the terrible mouse and keyboard controls, the frustrating fights that have to be repeated several times until you can beat them and the chases, where you have to take out millions of cars and motorcycles that come after you really take the fun away. Or when you are nearly unable to chase down an old truck on a motorcycle, and you barely can catch up to it. But later in the game, when you drive the truck, it is so slow every other vehicle could overtake you... well, WHY?!?I like the characters and the story, but after the tenth time a guy runs away and you have to chase him down and beat the crap out of him and his friends, it really gets old really fast.Oh, and attempting to DRIVE away from the cops? A near impossibility. Much easier to just ram them out of the way.TLDR: It had so much potential, but overall it is a frustrating mess."
,Not Recommended,307690,14408070,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,「GS」,"Camera and controls are the worst enemies in this game. Also, the reaction times between the input and the action from the character are way too long for any efficient battle."
76561198073389550,Recommended,307690,19405737,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Super Roxxapo,They're all asian... I can see it in their eyes.
76561198406421533,Not Recommended,307690,33673670,Posted: 20 July,all,kenjnbrien,on imc i cannot progress in the game because of one feature of the game. i need to acces the camera in my phone to complete the mission but the game doesnt allow me to do so. as a result i cannot complete the mission or progress any further in the game. i cannot change the control layout either as the camera function cannot be changed.for imac users or magic keyboard users i do not recommend buying this game.
,Recommended,307690,23576546,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Willie,yes
76561198131672271,Recommended,307690,30185875,Posted: 25 February,all,Koyuki Himekawa,"Pro:+GTA with fists of fury martial arts done right+Funny dialogue specially with the AI is in panic mode they speak chinese and english mix up to me more like chiglish+Good crime story+Main mission and Side mission are fun to play+Hong Kong SettingsCon:-The AI is dumb if you kill somebody they don't react to the situation the girl who sell those dragon drinks keeps on dancing like ""is okay to see a dead body laying around"" plus the NPC don't call the cups if they see me in a killing spree also that ambulance can do nothing to revive a person ones they finish they just stand around like statues-No Japanese-Needs more combos of fighting stylesOverall: Its a very good game I say is better then GTA becuase it takes place in Hong Kong not always USA plus more fists then guns. AI really sucks, but it wont distract of the overall fun of the game. I recommended....^_^"
,Not Recommended,307690,25644901,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Planey_McPlane_Face,"Normally, I am hard-set on if a game is good, or bad. This game? its in the middle. I mean, a lot of the game is actually really cool, it looks great, it doesn't explain why basically almost every single person is a walking hunk of muscle, but there are some serious flaws. Not just the weird ones like ""kitchen knives break after you stab someone 3 times"" or ""I just ran over an entire sidewalk of people, and the police are nowhere to be found"", but some seriously terrible glitches that make the game unplayable. Such as the whole space-car thing. ""lalala... driving along the road..."" all of the sudden KABAM your car goes flying, hits the ground, explodes, you die, and you get charged money. You use a car to try and get back to where you were going, and BANG same thing happens again. Also, the cops, even though they are extremely spread out and don't appear to have any form of 911 or anything, are nuts with guns. You, who are supposed to be some sort of superultracop, don't even carry a knife. A FREAKING KNIFE. So if you want a gun, you have to kill a police officer, BUT WAIT HE DIDN'T DRAW HIS GUN AND YOU DON'T KNOW HOW TO USE A HOLSTER so you have to wait until another police officer shows up, hope that he tries to shoot you instead of tackling you, and then run up to him while he shoots at you, press f when you are right in front of him, and grab his gun. Meanwhile the entire police force is going to where you are. Thats just how to get a pistol. Whats that? You want a real gun? One that doesn't take 7 shots(literally) to kill a unarmored policeman? Well, you have to hole up in some building, which its hard to find one with an interior, and just keep shooting the police officers when they charge in. Eventually, after maybe 30 officers are dead, they send in their ""elite team"" of guys... with no helmets... no armor other than a vest... and either a shotgun or a submachine gun. The farthest I have gotten to is with these guys dressed in all grey with helmets and assault rifles, they are meant to be the wall, because it can take up to an entire clip of your submachine gun to take one down. Oh, and back to the cars, WHAT THE HECK IS WITH THE CAR ATTACKING. It made me almost fall out of my chair laughing when I realized that I could use my car to ""lunge"" left and right, and take out other cars. I guess the devs didn't know that cars can't drive straight sideways. Your character has no weapons as well, so it looks kinda stupid when you are blocking and punching a bunch of guys with tire irons, knives, and whatnot. Oh yeah, the weapons break after you swing a few times. The game also has weird weapons. You can pick up an umbrella, a purse, heck even a grocery bag, or a take-out box, to use as a weapon, but these things are one use, and deal less damage then a punch. Overall, this game is a little too unrealistic, to the point where it really removes you from the game. Not to mention the glitches, you would think that the ""new and improved"" sleeping dogs would be ""new and improved"" not the horrible, glitchy mess it is now. I really tried to play it, but I just got tired of being gunned down while I am trying to break into a car and start it up, which takes like a good 20 seconds, which is a lot of time when you have 10 cops unloading their bottomless clips at you. I got tired of randomly being flung into space. I got tired of a cop arresting me, and instead of allowing me to break free and whatnot, me and the cop take a ""small adventure"" gliding across the road through cars and buildings. I got tired of a game thats supposed to be fixed and nearly glitchless, when in reality most early access games play better. I am sorry."
76561198106911318,Recommended,307690,24810254,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,gopnik,"y n0t ? iff u no like this gaem, ur racist agaenst AS1ens peoples."
,Not Recommended,307690,16078864,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,stanzibar,this game starts to load then crashes for me straight awayI advise DO NOT GET THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,307690,16357045,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DeadRage,"I have read a lot of good things from other reviewers and decided to pick this game up.  The fighting is pretty nice and the story is alright so far.  The thing that bugs me greatly and the reason I wouldnt recommend this game to anyone else is the driving portion.  It just feels wrong, it clunky and spastic.  I feel like they should remove driving parts and then I could recommend it."
,Recommended,307690,31502528,Posted: 2 May,all,LoSTsOuL,Given that I was trying to decide if I wanted this within 2 hrs before a refund is impossible i didnt really care that much for this game. The city is beautiful and the game runs nicely but it wasnt what i was looking for.
76561198172648095,Not Recommended,307690,23892195,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,UGLY_PRINCESS,I want my money back! game crash every 20 min under windows 10 and they dont fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy it!!!!
,Recommended,307690,19453671,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Kai,I can speak fluent cantonese now. #words #your #mandarin #teacher #is #forbidden #to #teach
76561198035830497,Recommended,307690,14347418,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,ＦＡＴ ＮＩＧＧＡ🔰™,"One of my favorutie games, all over again, whats not to like?"
,Recommended,307690,22991435,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Masivedub,"My Humble ReviewHi guys, so I played this game a long time ago when I really didn't own it, if you get what I'm saying, and all I gotta say is wow I really loved this game I remember the exact time I first completed the main story and DLC's, honestly, I don't know why this game isn't more popular, I know it's well known but it deserves better it has a FKN Great Soundtrack, great visuals, even better combat and the atmosphere in this game is phenomenal not to mention the karaoke lol.....well, anyways this is a little listing from 1 to 10 of the main stuff like soundtrack etc....Sountrack 9/10Combat 8/10Story/Plot 9/10DLC's 7/10 just because they are really shortGraphics 9/10"
,Recommended,307690,12434109,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Al,"Having never played the original despite owning it, I found that getting the Definitive Edition with its enhancements and all the DLC to be a rather good investment. it certainly worked out cheaper than buying all the DLC on their own.My first impression video goes through the graphics performance, improvements, and gameplay.http://youtu.be/KxBq5TECaZcGiven that I have been thoroughly enjoying the game, and the graphical improvement are extremely good. Especially the new density improvements making mini Hong Kong come alive and bustle with crowds.Performance is good, although sadly so far AMD Crossfire doesn't seem to be working for me. Even so even with a single card, the game can easily be maxed out at 3440x1440 with AA set to Normal aka FXAA. I have not seen any improvement using the high AA settings at my resolution.Word of warning though, if you use an Ultrawide monitor or multimonitor setup, all cinematics are rendered in 16:9. Resulting in pillar boxing.None of which detracts from the game, and it is very good. The story is compelling, and there is a variety of sub missions, and favours which can be done. There is a small RPG element, allowing you to visually customise your character via unlocking or buying new clothing. Along with upgrading skills. Which are in three main categories. Police, Triad, and Martial arts.They all complement each other, and levels are gain in each by doing their respective faction's missions.If you already own the original and enjoyed it, but you're missing the DLC and want those. The Upgrade cost to the new version is easily worthwhile, and you gain the new improvements with it.For new players I would happily recommend this as a sandbox action game, with a very good story, and great gameplay."
,Recommended,307690,35154429,Posted: 23 September,all,Tidreit,It's alright
,Recommended,307690,22279422,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,snapshotkiller,This is a great game and I feel that it's a must have. The game's story is one of the best and I have felt attactched to the characters of the game. The gameplay and game mechanics are awesome and unique and the graphics are good even with todays standards (granted this is a remastered edition). My only problem with this game is it is a little too short with a little over 10 hours for me and the cliff hanger didnt satisfy me I wanted to know what would happen afterwords (heres to hoping they make sleeping dogs 2 one day).All together I think if you havent played the orginal version of this game then its a must have.9/10
,Recommended,307690,13205846,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,A commie jockstrap hotdog cowboy,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hr_UIRHxmWU
76561198120651134,Recommended,307690,31525249,Posted: 3 May,all,偉大な敵,"Hand to hand combat was a bit hard for me at first. But it is an overall excellent game, epecially if you get it on sale."
,Recommended,307690,14017599,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,[CALC] Kartleggingsprøve,My friend plays it all the time10/10worth all the money
76562198009681869,Recommended,307690,13640361,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,βõä ҢẫŊ€םςҜ,It's ok when buy in steam sale time.
,Recommended,307690,25106347,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Scuzyfuzywuzy,"""Man who never eat pork bun is never whole man"""
76561198279500660,Not Recommended,307690,22066264,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,FACherry,"Pros:-fun melee combat-good parkour mechanicsCons:-unpolished gameworld-extremely repetitive car and npc models-extremely short and poorly fleshed out missions-empty open world-bland main story missions-poorly fleshed out dating mechanic-poorly presented story-wonky physicsConclusion: Poor mans GTA 5, might as well get Mafia 2 as that has a great story with fun gameplay mechanics. 6/10 (very average)."
76561198117083652,Recommended,307690,22901664,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Inhaler,"This game and a few others is what made me enjoy the last few years. Your mc is called Wei Shen, living in Hong Kong as an undercover cop. There are various ways in the fighting aspect that really made me enjoy it, you can take down you foes by Martial Arts or guns, knives and fishi highly recommend this game to others if you liike open world martail arts action games, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,307690,35341351,Posted: 30 September,all,マギ ✰ マリ,"Totally worth the money. Many famous English songs turn into Ching Chong ver. in here, making me laugh everytime I hear it."
,Recommended,307690,33223002,Posted: 4 July,all,TALIBANSOULJAH,if u wanna be chinese an have ur sister ♥♥♥♥ed while everybody hate u and yell at u in the middle of the street in a bootleg 5 cent sucki sucki ♥♥♥♥i ♥♥♥♥i enviroment this game is for u
,Not Recommended,307690,16148710,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Hagamablabla,"A bad port of a mediocre game. Get it while it's heavily on sale.EDIT: Specifically, the god damn AI cheats in races. Even if you don't think the AI rubber bands, they can't fall off their bikes, while you can."
76561198424240365,Recommended,307690,35157331,Posted: 23 September,all,jfk25227045,"not a bad game at all.  thou iv seen other comments compare it with gta, its similar but not as good.the driving is rubbish in the game and the radio lol dont ask.il recommend this as there is plenty of positves"
76561198095141653,Not Recommended,307690,30144194,Posted: 24 February,all,Jūbei Yagyū,I like it so far but it crashes every 20mins
,Not Recommended,307690,30384069,Posted: 7 March,all,Delmarqo,"I bought this due to the reviews. The upgraded graphics are appreciated. But the fighting mechanic is frustrating and, like so many other open world games with driving, the driving mechanic and frequency it's required is a real turn off."
,Recommended,307690,28940589,Posted: 2 January,all,RIS00,"If you are fan of GTA, Mafia .... you have to try it and I am sure you won´t regret it.MASTERPIECE !10/10"
,Recommended,307690,35284825,Posted: 28 September,all,W O K E,its like GTA but good
,Recommended,307690,31768155,Posted: 15 May,all,Dead By Saturday,Asian GTA V.
,Recommended,307690,16018783,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Thefireball VR,"Good story, and fun game. But once you beat it, there's nothing to do any more.So you think,"" Why not play the DLC? ""Well, they're utter garbage. So I wouldn't bother with the DLC, just the main game."
,Recommended,307690,18222618,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Revolver Ocelot,The epitome of what a sandbox should be. if your looking for a good time sink with a bit of a quirky side then pick this game up for sure!For our chinese readers i have translated:CHING CHONG CHONG CHING JING BING LING TING MING SING CHING CHONG DING DONG WONG KONG RING RING CHONG DONG
76561198081181469,Recommended,307690,19386632,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,RAW?,Does this version include all the dlc?for example zodiac tournament etc
76561198012712253,Recommended,307690,16867542,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,xaanz,Bought herbal tea and then put the apothecary in my trunk in case I get thirsty laterwould give this a number rating but my tea leaf reading didn't predict one.
,Not Recommended,307690,17351090,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,LoSaH,"I finished this game and the dlc so this game isn't that bad since I finished it in a week time.However, appart from the decent graphics and sound the game itself is very repetitive.  After an hour of two you pretty much seen everything. And even the graphics aren't that ""wow"". Only a few car/people models, repetitive appartment blocks, ...Combat is just clicking the left button and avoiding incoming attacks. Yes you can learn new moves but at the end I just ended with the left mouse button smashing as that seemed to work as well.I've also encountered some bugs. Thought this was the Definitive Edtion (polished version) but they didn't even bothered to add an option to remap the radio. Since I'm an arrow key player I was forced to use awsd for driving cause the radio was mapped on the arrows.Missions are boring (maybe it's because I finished GTA 5 before playing this one) but missions are just average. The side quest are even more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ appart from the racing which was cool.Hard to understand that this game got an average of 8/10. A 6/10 should be maximum this game should receive.Despite the decent graphics and sound, this is a pretty repetitive, bugged boring game that I won't start up anymore. After finishing the main quest, there's nothing really to see/do compared with a GTA."
,Not Recommended,307690,17071743,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,❲₪❳ FαιιєN,"This game actually is fun but the problem is when it tell me to press ""F"" rapidly, I press it but nothing happen.It is just the problem I face."
,Not Recommended,307690,18528064,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,280 Pound Lips,I dont like this game
,Recommended,307690,19594962,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,yeet,you can ram anyone off the road with a small truck filled with boxes with chickensgoty
,Recommended,307690,16044800,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ayoody,You can dress up as Agent 47 from hitman And re-act the chinatown mission from hitman absolutionYou can Buy a Bed for your apartmentYou cant have swag cuz you dont have enough face points yo face is ugly af8.69/10.69Would Handcuff a cop again
76561198157875321,Recommended,307690,16935922,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,BeѦtdown,"great game and graphics. not reccomended for people who dont like at times gruesome violoence, harsh language, and sexual references. Wonderful story, reccomended for someone who has a mature mind."
,Recommended,307690,18498996,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,h0tsp4ce,Epic game in all ways. Very well done.
76561198100707136,Recommended,307690,14606562,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Pussy Crusher,"5/5 yo, pls buy!"
,Recommended,307690,16661500,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,jdlogin,Great game!
,Not Recommended,307690,29195929,Posted: 11 January,all,BotJohn | not a rap god,"While I've heard great things about this game, and I'm sure the gameplay is pretty good, I was unable to enjoy this game as it is very poorly optimized for how it looks. With an i5 6600K, a GTX 1070, and 16 GB of RAM, I get 35-55 fps in 1440p with all setting maxed out. Turning the settings down gives me an increase of 15-20 fps. While these are playable framerates for most, I have gotten pretty used to 80-150 fps with most recent AAA games so when the game drops below 45-50, it gives me a headache and makes the game unplayable for me. And considering how the game looks, I should be getting a much higher framerate. Overwatch at a mix of Ultra and Epic settings gives me 130-160 fps in 1440p. GTA V with everything but MSAA and Grass maxed out and no soft shadows gives me 110-130 fps in 1440p. Battlefield 1 with everything maxed out gives me 70-85 fps in 1440p. And those three games look a lot better than this game, though Sleeping Dogs Definitive Edition does look pretty good for a remaster from 2014 for a game from 2012. I noticed that this seems to be a common issue, with people with GTX 1060s struggling to get 40 fps in 1080p. And I heard that the original with a free texture pack released by the developer to make the two games look identical performs much better than this game, so it's obviously just a poorly optimized game. Even if you can get a playable framerate like I was able to, vote with your wallet and don't support these practices or they will continue!"
76561198091301283,Recommended,307690,14539641,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ajccarlson,
76561198062001276,Recommended,307690,13962535,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Stang,Mrs. Chu used her cleaver on a Rat and a Dog!10/10
,Recommended,307690,13965845,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,John The Man Bear Pig,Great game
,Recommended,307690,13981704,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Stoikk82,"If Bruce Lee was alive he would DEFINITELY play this game, while eating pork buns."
76561198068695626,Recommended,307690,14021815,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,holydiver667,this game is even better than bacon :)
76561198032040093,Recommended,307690,14038595,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Ace,"Awesome story, gameplay and atmosphere. A must own!"
76561198060730700,Recommended,307690,14085098,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TropiSpook,HD pork buns.11/10
,Recommended,307690,14302311,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Fantomu,"A man who never eats pork bun is never a whole man! I also still have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ ""pok gai"" means.Overall: 7 / 10"
,Recommended,307690,14456418,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,coreoffocus,In my opinion this is better than GTA IV. 11/10
76561198014257162,Recommended,307690,14518269,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Smiff_E,Like GTA but with Kung Fu instead of just shooting. Very fun; and an excelelnt story to go along with it.
,Recommended,307690,14536044,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Najib Razak (Official),untung laaa...
,Recommended,307690,14564527,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,"Yeldo, Yelduay",Nice!
,Not Recommended,307690,16055263,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Epicsausageman,its not working wtf bought the game now its on sale and its wont even run the campaign
,Not Recommended,307690,16145144,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,TRiMGamingDK,"Really a great game, with a great story, nice action and freedom in chosing which missions to make, but the game has a great flaw. At least it has on my pc and I never experience any problems in my other games.The camera angles freeze quite often.I have tried disabling effects, running the game with only 1 monitor, disabling overlay, but no matter what, you can be playing the game for a while and then suddenly the camera movement gets stuck, which leaves you with no other option, than to restart the game. This is really annoying, and to me, it ruins the game experience."
76561198044143456,Recommended,307690,13977042,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Bisquet >/////<,op play ett.
,Recommended,307690,14250908,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,[☜☆☞]theproznoob,Try Out This Game
,Recommended,307690,14304184,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TRustY,A game that came to show that you don't need to create a hype to create a great game.Can't wait for another game like this!
76561198199284929,Not Recommended,307690,16582523,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pavenge,DIS GAME IS GOOD. BUT I DONT LIKE A NEW VERSIOIN.
,Not Recommended,307690,16686189,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sl1ngShot,The game is great but it has one huge flaw: the counter mechanic is completely broken.The character just doesn't respond to my command when I want to counter an attack.I played this when it first came out and there were no issues so it must be related to something they changed in the Definitive Edition.
76561198059466653,Not Recommended,307690,16855401,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,vincevash007,"The trailer is interesting, the screenshots look awesome, and the reviews are promising. Too bad I can't play it. Game starts just fine but after pressing new game it crashes on the loading screen. I've tried every single fix I found on google and believe me there are a lot of them as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of people are having the same issues as I am. I would've probably recommended this game IF I was able to play it but as it stands I can't recommend this game to anyone and I'm now off to get a refund."
76561198310214844,Not Recommended,307690,24376510,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,TheGreenZebras,dont work on gt 730 and core 2 quad even though the original does which means this game is unoptimised
76561198008521349,Not Recommended,307690,29048664,Posted: 5 January,all,lucacarello,i bought this game when it came out i ve never could play itit always crashes when loading any of the 3 stories pleaseany advice
,Recommended,307690,27870377,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,屈機,Basically my life XD
,Recommended,307690,27893938,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,nano,Greatest game of all time.Pros:- Pork buns- Kill innocent chinese idiots without getting the police on you- Wei Shen is Jackie Chan 2.0Cons:- Couldn't find any dogs that were sleeping.
,Recommended,307690,27821788,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SOLID SNAKE | CSGOBIG.COM,KICKING THE♥♥♥♥♥OF ASIANS IS MY FAVOURITE PASTIME
76561198120021811,Recommended,307690,24054769,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ℱℴ𝓀𝓊  ℳℯ,"Should I tell you , why do I give this game 10/10 already ?Well , my answer is down below , in those good reviews"
76561198088667773,Not Recommended,307690,16850331,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Mudzy,"Its not even working for me, so i consider it a waste of money so get it on console. Every tiem i click on an empty slot to start a new game it loads and then just closes out without giving me an error message or notification."
76561198000607162,Not Recommended,307690,30881771,Posted: 1 April,all,knighteyes,"In my pursuit to take to prison many of my childhood friends, I was stealing a van with my boss's wedding cake from our crime world rival (who stole it first from the cake shop) and then the game froze for the sixth time since I started playing it.There is a -possibly- interesting story about going undercover, loyalty, the true nature of the main character, but it's lost in the middle of a lot of mini games and activities with little to no relation with the main story. Because this is an open world game, so you have karaoke, racing, fighting and from time to time, when you think you are advancing a little into the story you are in fact just unlocking a new mini game, you spent time learning how to play a mini game that is now available in many points in the map. So even if you want to play only the story, you will have to play some unrelated mini game from time to time, that's the way they introduce you to the mini games, they force them at least once into the main story.If the game worked as intended I might be tempted to finish it, but Witcher 3 changed what I expect from open world games, maybe a few years ago when Sleeping Dogs was released I would have convinced myself to keep going but nowadays my free time is too precious."
,Recommended,307690,25470462,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Xyloritus,"Amazing game. Great story, very goog fighting, nice racing. Properly optimised for PC. Much better than GTA series."
,Recommended,307690,30106529,Posted: 22 February,all,DarkestWishes,Great game!
,Recommended,307690,16608933,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,rafasc_94,ever wonder why asian people suck at driving? it's because of the camera
76561198058895411,Not Recommended,307690,17650667,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Flaming_Crossbow,"Sucks, the fighting controls are just ridiculously bad, unintuitive, unlogical. Game caused nothing but frustration. graphics were okay i guess."
,Recommended,307690,30072554,Posted: 20 February,all,>>Samurai <<,want to kick some♥♥♥♥♥but no guns :D than this is for you my buddy :D
,Recommended,307690,31572333,Posted: 5 May,all,helken,Worth it
76561198204932996,Recommended,307690,31572755,Posted: 5 May,all,Syafsyafy,GG
,Recommended,307690,31539629,Posted: 4 May,all,edi.yanto,good
76561197992987753,Not Recommended,307690,16840152,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,in_dim_light,"Well,... The game is fantastic and enjoyable in many fronts, but I'm NOT recommending it, for the following reasons.The difference between an Edition (new same game) and a Patch,... was not clearly pointed out!I have the original Sleeping Dogs and I have completed the storyline and got almost all achievments, character's customs and collectables and doawnloaded all the DLCs. When it became available as Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition (29USD), I was among the first players who purchased it but WITHOUT reading enough about it (there haven't been any reviwes at that time). I thought it will enhance/ build on my previous installation/purchase.Well, IT DID NOT!It is considered a new game and, seriously speaking, I'm now under the impression that I was tricked to buy the same game again and have to play it all over once more to reach the levels I achieved on the original.Now I own Two of the ""same"" game and keep asking myself:Why Steam didn't alert me that  I have ""Sleeping Dogs"" in my Steam library and that this 'Definitive Edition' will have 'SOME' components added to my previous installation""Why Square Enix did not mention this on their dscription of this 'Edition' when it was released through steam?What shall I do now with my previous installation of the original game? My previous achievemnts and DLCs purchases I made?Why Square Enix did not make this 'Edition' be build on the previous purchase/installation of the game?Why,.....?P.S.I just noticed the following 'notice', by steam, on the original game purchase page:This version of Sleeping Dogs is no longer available, but you can still purchase DLC for it. For the full game, please see the new Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition.No 'similar' notice was provided on the 'Edition' page!"
,Recommended,307690,31539473,Posted: 4 May,all,Cpt.Woods,"Frame rate is too low, however gameplay and interactive things are better than GTA V"
,Recommended,307690,31633793,Posted: 8 May,all,CodeNameAtlas,You want sum♥♥♥♥♥
76561198033885684,Recommended,307690,31719773,Posted: 13 May,all,BXX. BackPain,Diu Leh Lo Mo! Han Gah Tsan!
,Recommended,307690,35209338,Posted: 25 September,all,Warabi,GG
,Recommended,307690,35204106,Posted: 25 September,all,Asher2345,5/7
76561198316246694,Recommended,307690,31631088,Posted: 8 May,all,Kalvizz. #,.
,Recommended,307690,29984940,Posted: 17 February,all,Zed1406,great game
,Recommended,307690,35253053,Posted: 27 September,all,Rainbow Dash,so Carl Johnson is moving to HongKong?
76561198035658520,Not Recommended,307690,21949172,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Seanarchy,"This game is... well it is an open world game. If you are looking for a gripping story that is AAA quality then do not expect it here. If you want something that you can grip some time into then this game is alright. To be honest this is not the best game but an average game. It does everything well but not to the standards I was expecting. If you find this review and the game is around 90% discount then I would say it is one to consider. However at 32,99 CAN I would not recommend a buy. The fighting is ok at best, the story feels like it could of been so much better, and finally the extra content does not really add anything new to the game (besides more tedious bosses). I feel that this genra should be tried again, a kung fu epic open world game sounds really awesome, it just needs to love and care that it deserves."
,Recommended,307690,14427806,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cyotey,"Sleeping Dogs was, is and always will be one of my favorite games. Before I review, note that the description is lying. It doesn't include all availaible DLC's. But it does include two major ones.So you're probably wondering whether Sleeping Dogs has anything to do with sleeping dogs. Nope. Just like Watch_Dogs has nothing to do with watching dogs. It might be a tad boring that way. Just a tad. You play as an undercover cop named Wei Shen who's job and goal is to take down the notorious Triad Sun On Yee gang in Hong Kong. The story plays out really well and characters have good voice acting and are memorable.If you haven't played the original (which is unfortunately not available anymore on PC) you wouldn't notice the difference in graphics. The only two noticeable changes I saw is the lighting and amount of people on the streets; which already makes for a much more fun experience as it makes Hong Kong feel much more alive. There are some minor annoyances but nothing game breaking. Cars and motorcycles pinball off of walls and other cars and sometimes combos and counters don't register. But it doesn't happen often. I very highly recommend this game as it delivers unique combat on foot and in cars. Which reminds me....to those of you patiently waiting for Arkham Knight, this will fill the whole for a bit as you can unlock (basically) the Chinese Batmobile. It will gain upgrades as you do more missions with it.That's the end of my review. This paragraph is for those curious to gain knowledge past playing the game. Sleeping Dogs is based on true events. How true? That I don't know but I do know this. The fictious Sun On Yee gang is based on a real Triad gang called the Sun Yee On. And the 18K is based on the Sun Yee On's real arch rivals the 14K. Sun Yee On was founded in 1919 by a man named Heung Chin and currently has around 55,000 members around the world; which is supposedly the highest count among the Triads. The Triads control extortion, drug trafficking, gambling and prostitution. Which is basically everything you encounter in the game. Their favored weapon of choice is the cleaver; which you see plenty of in the game as well. The Triads do not give any mercy to traitors and rats. They do indeed torture their victims before killing them. The term 'red pole' is also a real term used and is actually not a huge deal within their structure. 'Red poles' are enforcers; just one step up from being regular members. Before you were even in the Sun On Yee you were considered a 'Blue Lantern' which is the uninitiated. The initiated and regular members are considered '49ers'.The characters you see in the game are based off of actual people; but the names were changed to protect them. There is also a reason why Wei Shen came from San Francisco. The Triads were really noticed by the US in 1977 due to the ""Golden Dragon Massacre"". The attack resulted in 5 deaths and 11 wounded. 2 of which were tourists and the other 9 weren't gang members either. This event led to the creation of the 'San Francisco Asian Gang Task Force'.People usually tend to think that videogames aren't educational and they teach you absolutely nothing. This is....the definitive way to prove those people wrong AHAHA....I'm sorry I couldn't resist. Now go enjoy being a sleeping dog for (San's) sake!"
76561198094183087,Recommended,307690,15651578,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Creep,Remember guysAsians drive from the right seat
76561198071323152,Recommended,307690,15323904,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Gaben's Garden Gnome,I get to kick♥♥♥♥♥with kung fu
76561198154465914,Recommended,307690,23331753,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Trolling_ #Rolling_,A Grand Theft Auto Not Made By Rockstar.
76561198310841075,Not Recommended,307690,35492953,Posted: 5 October,all,ScoredTarseir17,I got it for $5.00 and it’s ok but I wouldn’t pay anymore then $5.00 for this game
,Not Recommended,307690,35506989,Posted: 5 October,all,Taykh,"I loved this game on PS3 and I would highly reommened it on any other system. However, this version for some reason crashes constantly, freezes after about 10 minutes of gameplay, and renders this game unplayable for me. I wish I could return it but I out 4 hours in which is more than Steam allows for refunds. It seems to work fine for most people but I can't play this game anymore. Hopefully they will come out with a fix for this but for now it will collect dust in my library."
,Recommended,307690,35169644,Posted: 23 September,all,Semen Demen,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥4$
76561198123656614,Not Recommended,307690,17026306,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,FarligGrabb,"-Ugliest running and parkour animations of all time.-Mediocre story that never really develops into anyrhing interesting.-Not a real ""definitive edition"" IMO.2/10 for trying to make a decent double agent game but still being ugly as ****. If you want a good double agent game, then buy splinter cell double agent instead."
76561198026588966,Not Recommended,307690,19362104,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ukjon,Bought it based on positive reviews very disappointed and requested a refund. Very shallow gameplay - a bit like a poor mans gta...the combat is very much like batmans but more reliant on pressing keys / buttons at right times ie to counter enemy highlights when you have to press the key......I didnt find the combat very good - its very well consoley......and it is not as good as batmans or anywhere near as good as shadow of mordors which are the only other titles i can think of at moment with this sort of combat in.I think the main issue is all the little things that spoil this game for me - such as you crash into a car on the  road - nothing happens...they just drive on - the traffic feels like its on rails and whatever you do doesnt have much impact like it does in gta so no feeling of immersion.  Also this relates to the people that populate the game - you can shove them and not get a reaction so they dont feel real.   I threw a man threw a window and he died and no one did anything.....I kind of felt like i was in the matrix and no one could see me or anything I did if that makes sense....hmm.I think gaming has moved on now to the point where we are used to living breathing worlds so I think games like this dont age to well.  To be fair played it for 1 hour and gave up as I was totally bored and have requested a refund...if you play it for less  than 2 hours you can request a refund so try it if your not sure......
76561198036953738,Not Recommended,307690,19353827,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,xXx_DankMemeLord420_xXx,"the combat is terrible, counters dont work, especially when you have a meelee weapon. the combat of a game so based on combat is so bad that unarmed fighting is a better option than meelee weapons, since you cant counter for♥♥♥♥♥♥with them. throwing knives seems to be the only good combat system, but enemies become immune to them when attacking, and can also knock them back into you, killing you instantly. terrible game, i want my money back"
,Not Recommended,307690,19983968,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bodycountmedic,Its Broken don't buy
76561198035462662,Recommended,307690,25502034,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Covert,Ton of stuff to do
,Not Recommended,307690,35513037,Posted: 6 October,all,DJ BEATS,"THIS IS THE ♥♥♥♥♥EST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED, NEVER BUY IT!!!!!!!!! RATED MINUS GOGOL PLEX STARS"
76561197983773249,Not Recommended,307690,14703704,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Valrin,"Combat was very frustrating.  Missions were very repetative and heavily scripted.  If you had a foot chase and managed to get ahead of the guy it didn't matter, you couldn't touch him until you reached the destination where his friends were.  Car chases were equally frustrating.  Even with the DLC super car with enhanced speed bad guys could out run me in a straight-away until the script told them it was time for me to catch up.Frustrating, anoying and repetative.  Not fun at all.  Hell, the women you meet have 1 mission each to unlock items on your map and then you never see them again!  Not recomended."
,Not Recommended,307690,29789489,Posted: 8 February,all,Big Boss,"I really wanted to like this game but the unique setting and premise couldn't make up for the large number of game design flaws I encountered during my playthrough:The Good:-Cool setting and well designed game world.-Decent story-Ai is surprisingly intelligent during shootouts and will always either be in cover or moving from cover to cover to flank you.The Bad:-Vehicle handling is awful, ESPECIALLY motorcycles. The vehicles in general feel very stiff, it felt like I was driving in a bad PS2 game.-The camera seems to have a mind of its own and will often put up a fight when your trying to move it around, the problem is much worse when driving.-Gunplay in the game is poor with only a handful of generic firearms to choose from with lackluster handling.-The hand to hand combat, which makes up about 80% of the combat in this game, is mediocre at best(think Arkham games but much more repetitive and not nearly as smooth).-Side missions can sometimes glitch out leaving them impossible to complete, I was unable to finish all the side missions due to this problem.-The in-game radio has the worst selection of music I've ever encountered in an open world game. but this point is really just a matter of opinion."
,Recommended,307690,12721859,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Matthew,A good game to play to wait for GTA V oon pc in coming Jan lol
,Recommended,307690,26681526,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,iorn,"GameplaySleeping dogs is a cross between mortal kombat and gta 5 so I’m just going to refer to it as street fighter for that very reason. The driving in street fighter is decent but I’m not completely sure the developers had a firm grasp on how cars work. Because every time you  shoot someone's tire out the car the car does its best interpretation ballerina on her period. And by that I mean It spins out of control and explodes; But I digress, the combat, the beef of the game, is similar to the batman arkham asylum. You have a heavy attack, a light attack, and stringing either of them together randomly can lead to combo finisher. You also have a counter block, and a grab. The developers of street fighter were also kind enough to litter pretty much every section of the game with baddies and various hazards to throw them into. Wood chippers, phone booths, unsuspecting bystanders, and much much more.Story: You play Wei shen whose name in English basically means “why” and if the source which I received that information from is to be trusted I’m pretty sure the developers knew that we were going to have a lot of “why” related questions by the end of the story. The biggest ones being why is Wei able to walk away with no negative repercussions after the main story-line at that point He’s directly responsible for the deaths of about 50 people. The second why related question is. What the ♥♥♥♥ happened in america. Cops aren’t trained to airjack cars, and defy the laws of physics….Anyway moving on.Early in the game you find out that you’re not a gangster and are instead an undercover police officer. Which was the only interesting thing I can say about the storyOkay I think I'm done here.8/10would play again."
76561198088179991,Recommended,307690,25557879,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Emma,This game. All time favorite <3 The one and only. SLEEPER DOGE LADS<3
,Not Recommended,307690,17379301,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,vmax,"i bought this game for over a year now , still can't play this♥♥♥♥♥♥(crashed after i clicked New Game button).(Please Give Me Back My Money.)"
,Not Recommended,307690,30159034,Posted: 24 February,all,Abe,"I had huge issues with fps even on the lowest settings. I have played games with far better graphics on the highest settings and seen 60+ fps almost constantly. It's a shame, I've heard great things and the setting looked really interesting."
,Not Recommended,307690,14750957,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,savane-dream,"can't play that game, fix it."
,Recommended,307690,22622222,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Fishbun,This game should have gangnam stlye in it because its japanese
,Recommended,307690,14432532,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,⎛ Alucard ⎞ †,-Grabbed a random lady from the street-Slammed her head against my car and locked her in the trunk-Drove back home-Locked her in the bathroom-Grabbed a drink-Went to sleepGame of the year right there!11/10
,Recommended,307690,22795049,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,TOKiMONSTA,I enjoyed soo much this game.
,Not Recommended,307690,16093266,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,BobbyJoe,"Love this game on the Xbox, but crashed on loading screen for a new game. :( Wished it worked."
76561197997945856,Not Recommended,307690,14412941,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kredaz,A simple port over from original sleeping dogs control is like the biggest burden the team can do with this edition. One word 'Lazy'.
,Recommended,307690,17922390,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Im silverrrr :D,Awesome game with realistic graphicsRecommended specs were very misleading tho.....my computer just barely runs it even tho it has specs waaay above recommendedI would suggest at least an r7 250x to play this game on medium setiings at 720p(30fps tho)Other than that a fantastic game for a portion of GTA V's price offering u a similar experience(GTA V still da best)
,Recommended,307690,12695322,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Health,"i loved the original, only played very little of this version but so far its good. exept the HD is giving me very low frame rate and i have a 2013 Dell so i would think it should run fine."
,Recommended,307690,33105522,Posted: 1 July,all,LiamOG,is somting wong wai shen? chinks
76561198236865180,Recommended,307690,25594623,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Beedog1221,it was a good game but gets a bit repetitive after a while. driving mechanics are garbage as well.
,Not Recommended,307690,22909442,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,DragynDance,"It's a game about hand to hand combat, where everything in the endgame and all of the hardest combat involves knife and gun fights.  IT's even buggier and glitchier then the original release, and people who owned the original were still charged full price for this ""definitively worse edition""."
,Recommended,307690,30184339,Posted: 25 February,all,emily,I swear to God this game has some really funny dialogues and I laughed myself silly everytime. Damn good game. Great story too so far.
76561198016839749,Not Recommended,307690,25622520,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,[SN] Pompilho,"Everytime I press any button the freaking game crashes and then there is a ""press any button"" screen? I feel like the game is mocking me or something.Refund."
76561198272264199,Not Recommended,307690,30251016,Posted: 28 February,all,TheBlackAlian,the controls are messed up
76561198017442712,Not Recommended,307690,16198201,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,CMDR SABBATH BLACK,"TLDR.♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port.It's really that simple. Not even a console controller will save your sorry♥♥♥♥♥♥from the console portedness of this console port.If you want to get a console port, do yourself a favour, buy this game, you'll undoubtedly enjoy it, think it's incredibly stunning and get sucked into the Asian shenanigans of Wei - whilst probably looking for hookers as if it's GTA.If you DON'T want a console port, AVOID THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT OF THIS ♥♥♥♥♥. It is so bad it's unreal. There's no excuses for Square Enix to release this pile of crap in comparison to Deus Ex - which wasn't much better, but HEY. IT WASN'T AS LAZY A PORT JOB AS THIS.You can suck it Square Enix."
,Not Recommended,307690,18239138,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Hušκψ,"Now its not often I write a bad review but this game gets me. I can't understand all the good comments about how good the game is. Lets start with controls. i was using a keyboard and they were alright, there was a lot of shift using but i could deal with it. The combat seems like it should be really cool but after the first load of fights you find yourself doing the same combos and same moves, it becomes very boring. The cars handle very badly, doing the watch mission, i could barely keep myself on the road let alone ram guys off the road. The camera is what gets me most though, the camera is terible. Usually in general combat and gameplay its fine but more often than not i find myself in a corner or in a vehicle in some side street and the camera has decided to go really close or spin round so i have no clue what im doing. This game, i had high hopes but it just seems like a dissapoint, mediocre at best. Save your money for a diffrent game."
,Not Recommended,307690,24562840,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dirty Trash Eating Wing Pimp,"I honestly dont know this game got a ""Mostly Postive"" rating, as this has been the most frustrating gaming expierence i have had since Dark Souls. The driving feels like they made the moped and then copy/pasted it for the rest of it, the shooting is just awkard and clunky, it auto aims if you are close but if you are even slightly farther away then 5 feet it just doesnt work. The combat system responds on a 3 second delay and it makes missions where you fight more then 8 people (happens quite often) replay heavy and frustrating. One of the worst games ive played.Story is okay tho, not branching like it lets on but it was the only thing that kept me interested."
76561198043876427,Not Recommended,307690,16891176,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,VaughanAtLarge,One of the worst games I’ve played in a long time! The controls are horrendous and the save/load system is garbage! I would not recommend!
76561198025971670,Not Recommended,307690,16094316,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,pieman444444,MAJOR GLITCHES DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198079009904,Not Recommended,307690,16465693,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Darth Yoda,"Doesn't workI've contacted Devs support system, they responded fairly promptly asked for all of my relevant details now several months later game still doesnt work neither has devs contacted me back.And too late for a refund.Forums packed with people who couldn't/ can't get this game going so my advice is if you purchase it install it straight away and test it as there is only a small window to obtain a refund from steam"
,Recommended,307690,22910471,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Origin Saint,"I can't say I'm surprised that Square Enix made a good RPG yet again, but what I am surprised is how fun they made an RPG with the source material that this game is based on.  In Sleeping Dogs, you are an undercover agent in some asian city posing as someone trying to get into the Triads.  The story goes pretty stereotypically from there based on the Triad background, but it is so fun along the way.The world size is pretty big, and the amount of things to do is pretty fun.  I will also applaud the game for the focus on hand-to-hand combat mechanics rather than gun-play, as it makes it much more interesting most of the time.  The graphics are really great, and the characters are voiced well, and have very good backstories and development for the most part.  The driving is even done pretty damn well.Overall the game is up there alongside a lot of other RPG's in it's class and holds it's own really well, given it's good execution and really, really unique setting and story for a RPG."
,Recommended,307690,26224734,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Felix (The Indecisive),Wacky car simulator 3d.
76561197960868937,Not Recommended,307690,29021958,Posted: 4 January,all,Skrib`,"Game looks good, I didnt get far in.Key re-mapping is a nightmare and dosent always work. When it does work sometimes it re-maps itself back to default.Audio had 1 huge problem, the music audio/car music audio is always at 10. Anythime I change it to anything else within a minute both volumes are at 10 again. Was going to just live with game music and turn the car radio to an empty station or off. I use the arrow keys to move/drive. The arrow keys left and right change the radio station....and theres no way to unbind or re-map them(that I found in options). I've tried re-installing with no luck.Kinda sad, this game looked very cool and before I got in a vehicle I thought the story was looking good and so was the gameplay. After getting into a vehicle and not being able to turn off a volume 10 radio and changing the station everytime I steer left or right killed this game for me."
76561198112669681,Recommended,307690,25788908,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Chef Blazer,kek
76561198286743676,Recommended,307690,28991995,Posted: 3 January,all,Fighter,"Yes, I put 40 hours into this just to say I wasn't THAT impressed. GTA clone with Batman AA fighting system and all the boring fetch quests that comes with it. The Bruce Lee fighting tournament and the driving was great though. Really, the driving is excellent for a GTA clone.I'd recommend if it goes on sale for under 10 bucks otherwise I'd say no. I wish there was a ""Meh"" button for these reviews."
76561198291508999,Not Recommended,307690,33866088,Posted: 28 July,all,SoezDuck,"Delays for blocking, drifting system are trash. But put a few 12 gage on the bald blokes really helps you alot"
76561198095804183,Not Recommended,307690,19818332,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Disneyforever,"I wastet 4 hours downloading this game only to realize that when I fight, my clicks aren't read."
76561198022113409,Not Recommended,307690,19572647,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Ageispolis,"I love Sleeping Dogs. It is one of my all time favorite video games ever. I still play it regularly.I personally can't recommend Definitive Edition because it would not launch on my computer. I always got a white screen and an error message. I tried a number of things to get it working, but ultimately I got my money back (thank you Steam) because I feel I shouldn't have to reformat my whole computer to launch one game. I also felt weird about buying the first game and all the DLC, then being told to buy it all again in a nice little package.It's sad to think some people might not be able to play this, AND you can no longer buy the original. Otherwise I'd 100% recommend that anyone who also can't launch Definitive Edition get a refund then go buy the original release. Honestly, if you can't launch this, please go on eBay and find a physical copy of the original because I cannot recommend the actual game enough!"
76561198078809090,Not Recommended,307690,25698508,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,elgo139,"fun game marred by significant bugs.  suggest waiting until they are fixed.  also given how old it is, the requirements to run it on high settings are quite steep (GTX 745 only handles medium settings)."
,Not Recommended,307690,16420721,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,XennoX,"Overall rating: 50/100.The good:1. Nice martial arts scenes.2. Good narrative.3. Mostly authentic, if somewhat stereotypical, Chinese setting from a Western perspective.The bad:1. Gun control in this game is aweful.2. Driving in this game feels like you're vehicle is floating on a cushion of air.3. The sprinting animation is incredibly bad.The neutral:1. Graphics are alright.2. Radio stations could have more diversity.--Did I have fun playing this game? Sometimes.How often? About 40 to 50% of the time."
76561198028367406,Not Recommended,307690,16855607,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,[OTG] Maxhell,I recommend Standard Edition instead.
,Recommended,307690,24807369,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ryoni,BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUYBUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUYedit: disclaimer:: i like to play with my poop
76561198167719856,Recommended,307690,28895129,Posted: 1 January,all,cinoska,.
,Recommended,307690,35147552,Posted: 23 September,all,Gingseng,good game just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that a week later the game went for 5 bucks.
,Recommended,307690,14409953,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,terry309,"Made 100,000 HK fighting chickensSpent 200,000 HK on pork buns10/10 would eat pork buns again"
,Not Recommended,307690,35226150,Posted: 26 September,all,AkuSukaKamu,crash like b***h !!! fix this
,Recommended,307690,22434458,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Ranjeers,epic game with open world and great fight animation and full of action 11/10
76561198147103948,Not Recommended,307690,24005470,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Johoo,"The save mechanics of this game is so annoying...Everytime you do mannually save, you will load it to neareast begening. I played this for a while, and finish the half mission and saved it.When I opened the game next time, it went to the begnining and I had to play again, which is so annoying...Like game when I first played, but I only give 50 score to this game due the save mechanics."
76561198402081978,Recommended,307690,35201080,Posted: 25 September,all,DatBoiLew,:)
76561198041133313,Not Recommended,307690,35364876,Posted: 30 September,all,valus_6,"tried to play the game today, the movies constantly froze so had to be skipped. then while playing the game it randomly froze, all noises turned off and i was stuck in one place not able to move but i could look around :/ didnt play it very long but just didnt get into it due to movies screwing up and there being a lot of movies at the start,so when it♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed i just turned it off...Might try again at a later date but probably not"
,Not Recommended,307690,35315403,Posted: 29 September,all,RytyGDK,"This game is annoying. It seems like a good game, but i wouldn't know saying as there are so many glitches that ruin the game. I don't know if this is just me, but i bought this game two days ago and my saves have been reset, and everytime i boot it up my character glitches and goes 10x faster than he is supposed to. This game needs to be fixed, and maybe i'll like it. Kind of a dissapointment saying as i LOVE just cause."
,Not Recommended,307690,22926283,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Lynchmeister,"It...Uh..Didn't work well for me, But you aren't me so ok."
,Not Recommended,307690,35286893,Posted: 29 September,all,Chains,"I am not recommended for the game,I cant play it and always crash in loading screen.just refund it"
,Not Recommended,307690,35464711,Posted: 3 October,all,44444444444444,Cards don't drop with this version.
76561197961542248,Not Recommended,307690,31534275,Posted: 3 May,all,DarkKnight,"The story is OK, but the open world is really bad for today's standards, when you have better games such as GTA V or The Witcher 3."
76561198129650083,Recommended,307690,35180566,Posted: 24 September,all,DraXyeN,good game beat a guy up and another offers me tea
76561198162847929,Recommended,307690,31668595,Posted: 10 May,all,Blizard,"Very nice game Its a lot of fun,try this"
,Not Recommended,307690,29622064,Posted: 31 January,all,ValentineT,"This game made me dizzy and nauseated after many hours of play. Because the camera is too close to the character. But there is no option to change.Anyway, this is a good game."
,Not Recommended,307690,20874787,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Death,"I have to tell you that I love Sleeping Dogs, the game is nothing less than amazing. I had hundreds of hrs of gameplay in Sleeping Dogs (vanilla non-steam). This is a review on the definitve edition of the game and not the game itself. After having played both the versions, I can say that the Definitive Edition was not necessary at all. Here's why...-Character controls feel even more sloppier now in this game.-It would be a lie to say that they fixed all the bugs and glitches that were present in the original  Sleeping Dogs.-Very little noticeable changes in terms of graphics and textures, almost everything seems same as before.-It's so freakin' bright, especially indoors during the daytime, so much that I feel like I am gonna get a migraine attack.-The vehicle controls in races are terrible in the definitve edition. The opponents in the bike races will try to push you off the track everytime you try to cut them off which I don't recall having experienced before.-You don't get the all black attire you got in the last mission of the original game which was later a part of the High Roller DLC pack so that players can have access to it from the beginning of the story. It's not there anymore :(  instead you get a gray suit. Seriously, what asian gangster doesn't own a black suit, it's almost their trademark, don't you think?I don't see the point in spending more money for the very little graphical improvements and I cannot recommend gamers who have already played Sleeping Dogs to go ahead and buy the Definitive edition. If you never played the game before, then do buy it, you will rarely come across an open world game with such a great story. Try getting the original version + all DLC's from steam game key seller sites."
,Not Recommended,307690,29832515,Posted: 10 February,all,solidopc,"Kinda bummed out about this game. And at myself. The game is really good, but for a more casual gamer like me. I find it difficult early on to be able to fight so many people at the same time without dying. I. have been stuck on a mission to rob some guys for ages. I've come close a few times. But the amount of times it takes me to get even close, puts me off the rest of the game. As if so difficult now. I'm not going to stand a chance further in. Not a GTA fan, so was hoping to get a grittier,more realistic, less pimp/gangster vibe. Shame, as I like it. But Mafia 2 is more for me atm. And I'd like to get WD 2. If you are one of those annoying people that are good at all games. It's worth it. Be a good challenge. For me. Too darn hard :-("
,Not Recommended,307690,16023557,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,PapíDimmi,"It's a great game and all, and it does many things better than Grand Theft Auto V, including the amazing melee combat system. That doesn't mean I like this game, though.This game's a horrible PC port.Pros:- Fantastic melee combat system.- You're playing as a cop. (Or is that a con? I guess neither. At least it's different than GTA V.)- Longer story than GTA V.- Voice lines that does not have at least one n-word in every single sentence.- Great voice acting.Cons:- Annoying mouse acceleration that you can't switch off.- You have to hold a keyboard key rather than just press it to be able for the game to recognize that you're pressing it.- You can't change controls.- Limited graphics settings. You can't even turn VSync off.- Takes long to exit a motorcycle because you have to take your helmet off first.- It's really hard to get any weapons. To get a gun, you have to find one hidden across the map, or kill a police officer.I've played this game for a little over four hours. I think Grand Theft Auto V is much better, but a few aspects of this game are amazing and much better than what GTA V has to offer.Although, there are too many cons to really like this game. I only bought it because it was on sale.It looked good from all the positive reviews, but then after I bought the game, I saw that many people had similar problems as me.It's a good game, but not a great game.It could do so much better."
,Not Recommended,307690,33113311,Posted: 1 July,all,Spooky Pumpkin Man,"As much as I loved this game, I can't recomend it to how much of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥it it to even get it to work. As soon as a launched, it just repeated the Square Enix logo over and over and the only way to get past it was to spam your controler buttons until it got to the menu. After that, the first cutscene wouldn't load and I got spawned literally 1000 ft away from the target and it said mission failed. It work later, but none of the cutscenes after that would load either. I tried verifying the game files, then uninstalling and reinstalling, but even that didn't work and by that point I was done and refunded it."
76561198076752558,Not Recommended,307690,35229226,Posted: 26 September,all,DVG_YT,would have liked to play it... but get on the menu TRY load it then it dies (crashes)win 10 amd core nvidia graphics
,Not Recommended,307690,24294429,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Wordslinger,"Game shuts down my PC when it crashes every 20 minutes or so. Yes, a game shuts down my (stable) system.There are several proposed ""fixes"" but none of them have worked. Keep in mind I have years of experience troubleshooting and finding fixes for games, and my system is completely stable, I recently ran stress tests on it (not to mention it's way beyond what's required or recommended for this).This is NOT a problem on my end, and I've found a lot of other people online experiencing the same thing. It's completely unacceptable for this to have ""definitive edition"" on the title.It seems like a fun game, by the way. Not recommended."
,Recommended,307690,21668921,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,james.franco,I find it funny that a game set in China is called Sleeping Dogs.And the game is perfect.
,Not Recommended,307690,28965368,Posted: 2 January,all,2pack Shaker,Unable to start a new game without the game crashing.
76561198353352967,Not Recommended,307690,35337619,Posted: 30 September,all,Soran,"This game is great.but it has a lot of bugs in it.you would say after they made it all brand new they would remove glitches and bugs and crashes.yes this game crashes every time im playing, always random shut downs.my pc is above the medium specifications and i have everything automaticaly set to max.so the problem is not me but the game.fix it"
,Recommended,307690,31466748,Posted: 30 April,all,Jai,y
,Recommended,307690,12494695,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,plasmamax1,This is definately a graphical overhaul over the regular sleeping dogs. The lighting in this version is tons better in than the old version and Hong Honk looks poppin.
76561198159270462,Not Recommended,307690,14712466,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,sleepwalker,its a good game but unlike other open world games theres not a lot to do
,Recommended,307690,14392653,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Feeliks,The only good game that has good fighting
76561198162073737,Not Recommended,307690,24479275,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Utnapishtim,"The key mapping for this is very different than typical FPS. It's horrid.Even worse, when getting into a screen to buy clothing there's no way to go back without purchasing. On top of that, when you zoom in, you can't zoom back out. The key to zoom out is shown as the left arrow, but the left arrow key just rotates the guy.So, then you force quit the game because no key will do anything but rotate the guy.Look under options to change the key mapping and find out you can't change any relevant keys. WTF.Maybe with a game controller it works. The game looks like it has great potential, but with just keyboard and mouse it's pure dung."
,Recommended,307690,16719681,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ZectoR,:v
,Not Recommended,307690,15122795,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,↜༺ ☩ Frøstyß ᛟ ༻↝,"Fun, but glitchy as hell.It has potential, but does not have the capacity to live up to it.I give up on this game, it gets repeative and boring. I keep coming back to give it another go, but I think I have now learnt that when their is no hope left for this game, their is no hope...This is not ""funny/ fun"" types of glitches, they are annoying glitches that would interfere with your game.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! IT's NOT WORTH THE PRICE!Great idea, poorly executed.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=416566682http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=407184076http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=416570262http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=406971534http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=408881801http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=416570195"
,Not Recommended,307690,25735312,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ничего не понимаю,"It's fine I guess; If you have played an open world game before you have played this, characters and story might be a tad smarter than most but its still increadibly average."
,Not Recommended,307690,28933443,Posted: 2 January,all,Gudako is Bae,"6/10 cause blocking system and fighting gameplay really suck and a lot of thing, just don't buy it go buy Just Cause 2or3 instead Square Enix done so well with those game more than this pickle."
,Not Recommended,307690,25041129,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Iha vitu jepa. aka  † _¤$¤_,it doesnt even work it chrashes when i have played 30min-1h
,Recommended,307690,32619853,Posted: 21 June,all,Wolf,The Game Is Very Good But Too Much Npc's So My Game Lags And Gets Like 17 Fps :/But I Love The Game And Please Bring Back Old Sleeping Dogs :D8/10 Becuse Of The Lag And All Npc's
76561198007030552,Not Recommended,307690,30457740,Posted: 11 March,all,GremlinChee,"Overrated, no interesting mechanics."
,Recommended,307690,31513706,Posted: 2 May,all,✨HyperNova✨,"I love playing this game, I practice my skills daily in the Cinncinati Zoo. I would elaborate on this review, but a child just fell into my pen and needs help! Be back in a minute with more details!"
,Not Recommended,307690,14393950,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Lord Ragton,"A game that makes you wish you were playing Grand Theft Auto. The combat is sluggish and repetitive; if you weren't sick of fighting twelve identical bald guys, here's five more! The camera when driving can be somewhat nausea inducing: I found the camera spinning every time I tried to reverse out of a tight space. And, unlike other Sandbox Crime games, you cant push the right analogue stick to get a better view over the top of your car, a real problem on a hill.Shame, it's a nice concept, with some really great voice acting, marred by shoddy game mechanics, and a moral 'choice' system guarenteed to get on your nerves.  As the True Crime franchise goes, it is by far the best one - the fact you can play more than a third of the game if you even think about hitting a pedestrian springs to mind. There are some really fun aspects: one or two of the side missions were quite fun, driving on the left really throws you, it can be varied when it wants to be. But a lot of what it offers has now been done better."
,Not Recommended,307690,16834372,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Nugget tenders,"For some damn reason everytime I put my game n medium settings or low the game is really slow,I mean when he runs, walks, and punches, please fix this"
,Not Recommended,307690,20971408,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,I.S.T.,"The driving and fighting controls are way, way too stiff for the game to be functional."
,Not Recommended,307690,35279181,Posted: 28 September,all,Krono,"NOT co-op OR multiplayer.It has tags for both, but the game is NEITHER.  The entire reason I bought it and some gift copies was to play with my son, and it's not even possible.Steam needs to remove those tags before it tricks other people into wasting money as I've done.  I have zero interest in single player games..."
76561198082566864,Not Recommended,307690,17120515,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Psi ionic Hexes,Dislike. No cockpit view
,Not Recommended,307690,16825109,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Moist Elephant,"The game sucks♥♥♥♥♥ worse than COD, dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,307690,16110674,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,효현,Da♥♥♥♥♥i bought this game for $60 where my refund
76561198128777476,Not Recommended,307690,14353505,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Grym,"Can't really tell you how the game is. . .BECAUSE I CAN'T PLAY IT! Seriously steam or whoever the developer of this game is. When I load up the game, there's an  ""Executable has stopped working"" message that prevents me from playing the game EVERY TIME. I've tried every possible solution that the internet has provided but it still hasn't worked. I've even contacted steam  to which they just regurgitated solutions that I've already tried. After suggesting two ways I could fix the error, they closed my question even though I told them it didn't work.It just pisses me off that I wasted money on a game I may never get to play. It's ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating. Screw it, I'm blacklisting this publisher and I'm never buying from them again. Also steam, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Either have an answer that fixes the problem or refund my money. It's things like this that makes me go back to consoles."
,Not Recommended,307690,14384435,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Bladey,"This game is made by a bunch of assclowns. I have absolutely no idea why it is so highly reviewed everywhere I look.Lets start with the pros:-Game world is gorgeous.-Unlike boring♥♥♥♥♥GTA games, Hong Kong is set in a vibrant exotic city (unless you're from Hong Kong of course) but with the same ""lets all be criminals gimmick"" (except this time you're an undercover cop)-Story seems to be great and the game immerses you quite nicely alot of times.-Driving a fast car at night in HK..particularly if it is raining is something spectacular.Here are the cons:-Completely game breaking ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics....particularly when it comes to the fighting. (The thing you will spend 95% of your time doing in Sleeping Dogs). It is the same mechanic that the Batman Arkham and Assasins Creed games employ. But where those games don't fail at the whole ""Click button to counter"" thing...this game does....by the♥♥♥♥♥♥tons. The problem is simple -> The game simply does not reccognize inputs. Example 1: I click a bunch to regular attack. Some taps some hold for power attacks. I see a guy shine red (which signals I need to counter) so I press the counter button. My guy continues to regular attack...gets hit....then continues to regular attack...and continues to regular attack (I have not even touched my mouse for the past 3 seconds now) and the game literally beeps at me. (It is the a similar noise to the sticky keys noise...but it is not sticky keys and shift was not ONCE pressed). This is an issue that there ARE forum posts about. Most♥♥♥♥♥♥♥will come back with ""DERPAHERP ISH THE SCHTICKY KEYZ"" (It is not. And may those subhumans die in a glorious cleansing fire) Example 2: ""Fix"" problem by enabling ""double click"" to fast under my mouse settings...apparently the game couldnt take that many inputs and literally♥♥♥♥♥♥itself and died. STILL however I notice pressing the counter button at times...and Wei (the character you play) will literally NOT do that...get hit, and THEN (once again...have not even TOUCHED my mouse for the past 3 seconds) will do a ""counter stance"". That counter stance is what happens when you press counter with zero attacks coming at you. So breaking this down...the game cannot handle inputs...unless at a delay sometimes. I don't know if it is because it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port (and may all consoles and console games burn in hell eternally so the master PC race can finally enjoy some non-crap video games), or if the game is simply coded by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ monkeys. This is by far the greatest con as it IS game breaking and pervasive throughout the game, and as such the biggest entry in this review.-Bugs. Lots of them. Lots of buggy bugs. People popping in and out of existance. Npcs getting stuck on nothing (nothing better than having the guy you are chasing get stuck on a corner for literally eternity. I am serious..you can get out of your car and go buy some noodles...he won't move).-Cars for the most part (at the very least the earlier cars that you will spend a whopping 50% of your game time using) will move as if in tar. They move DAMN fast forward, but their turn rate handles as if the parking break was on the entire time...insert asian drivers joke here. I am also suspicious that this may be a part of the ""does not accept input""♥♥♥♥♥♥mechanic of the game.-Ok I get it...it's a fighting game. It's fun to kung fu around...but I have the same issue with this as I did with the arkham games...I don't know how many times i can pound the same group of differently color clothed bad guys (that boil down to 4 archetypes with like 2-3 models each) before the ENTIRE game becomes just a blur of mediocrity. Why? Why do I have to punch every bad guy in this city in the face. That seems like the worst, most obnoxious approach to solving crime in this city. How would that even work? I'm pretty sure by the time I was done, a whole new generation would have been born, and raised into crimedom. You would think its a good thing to just put nonstop action in a game...but it is the equivalent of saying ""oh my god...pineapple is my favorite. I hope I get to eat pineapple for the rest of my life...and only pineapple!"" Guess what...you will literally♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself to death if you do that.-Too many damned fetch quests. Why do I have to increase my health by driving around finding shrines to pray at for 8 goddamned real life hours. It's just needless padding to gameplay time. Instead of doing that...just make a better game.-Like so many of these games, your actions do not seem to have consequences. You cannot turn a bad guy good or a good guy bad. It doesn't matter who you choose to save...or who you don't. You have no choice. All you can do is punch the same 10 character models in the face until the game ends. And you get to watch a nifty little cutscene movie in between. Not enough of a payoff. Literally every quest boils down to: Go over there and beat that group of 12 guys up.If I had to guess...this game was thought up by a bunch of really smart people. They knew what gamers would want to experience. They hired artists that did a really bangup job of modeling everything. They hired voice actors that did their job very well and immersed you into the world (with the help of great writers). Then they threw the game to the actual coders...the game mechanics makers...the meat and potatoes of the game...and it turns out they were a bunch of mentally challenged lemurs all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ themselves and banging the keyboard with their heads untill a game came out. It's a really bad game. I spent 7.50 when it was on sale...and honestly... it's 6 dolars too expensive.I swear...square enix is such a hit or miss company.I played alot of Sleeping Dogs (original) when it came out... and I only got this definitive edition hoping the gameplay problems were fixed. They were not. All the improvements are window dressing to a barn filled with excrement."
,Not Recommended,307690,14356307,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,dope,"Its a very good game, but this version of the game doesnt work on a lot of systems and has countless crashing issues, thus making the game unplayable for some.menu music is really good though."
,Not Recommended,307690,29835047,Posted: 10 February,all,Nicolás Maduro,"The hand to hand combat is alright, and driving around can be fun, but that's about it.It's easy to see why this game was overlooked; underneath the cool setting, kung fu fighting and decent graphics it's just an inferior GTA pretender.  I don't mean that because it's a crime centered sandbox, I mean that because it takes all of its cues from GTA but does them worse.Almost none of the characters are interesting.  They're introduced and killed at the drop of a hat.  You do about 2-3 missions and watch a couple of cutscenes and you're expected to care for these lifeless gangster stereotypes.The story is disjointed.  You go from some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ apartment to a rich flat in a matter of missions, but you're still apparently working for some guy who operates out of his mom's kitchen.  The game even tries its hand at some laughable attempts at romance.  It just throws romance missions at you that grant bonuses, and then those female characters disappear utterly and are never heard from again.  It's like they chucked in unfinished storylines.Gun combat is boring.  It's not as frequent as hand to hand, which is fine since that's the only fun part of the game, but it's all also very easy and unengaging.  Car combat is a JOKE.  If you shoot a single tire a car will suddenly go FLYING into the air.  It's fun the first few times but it's just absurd.  You get chased by 40 enemy bad guys in motorcycles and cars and you blow them all up by shooting out the tires and watching all of them spring up into the air like something out of Bollywood.There's no real clear cut antagonist.  It just switches from some bad guy who ♥♥♥♥ed your sister, to some generic gang that is at war with your triad because... reasons... and then it switches back to the first bad guy's boss.The main character was interesting and I was hoping the whole conflict between Wei being more of a cop or falling back into the gangster lifestyle was going to go some where.  Maybe the triad and cop bars actually affect the story?   But, spoiler alert, it doesn't.The game just ends with a string of cutscenes, like they ran out of budget to add additional missions and they just skip days until the big bad guy who was behind everything the whole time is arrested.  Some cliched dialogue is exchanged and the game is over.It's also really short.  The little side features are dull.  The car with the 2 miniguns is awesome and is one of the few things I really had fun with, but really, most of the time I was playing this I was thinking ""Man, I wish they did so and so feature like GTA instead."" or ""Man, this is a cool set up, I wish GTA 4/5's writers were writing this storyline instead.""After the short 12-14 hour main story, including time to do a bunch of side missions and go on rampages, all this game really did for me is make me want to go and play GTA 4 or 5.There's nothing offensively bad about this game, it's just boring, poorly written, and not really worth the time."
76561198051599318,Not Recommended,307690,35242396,Posted: 27 September,all,Joseph,Already found a huge bug in the early game that doesn't allow to continue with the story.
,Not Recommended,307690,35228963,Posted: 26 September,all,Killerumair,keep cuting it self when i am playing
,Not Recommended,307690,25685528,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Bad Horse,"Don't bother.  Controls don't register half the time, leaving you swearing in frustration and reloading from the previous checkpoint, redoing an hour of progress"
76561198292614981,Not Recommended,307690,29187512,Posted: 11 January,all,tony.gibson25,Can't really enjoy the game because of the lag.  So be careful when purchasing this game (even on sale).
76561198079644153,Not Recommended,307690,14416498,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kyle...,my game keeps crashing on loading the main story can anyone help?
,Not Recommended,307690,33549270,Posted: 14 July,all,Blue,"Pretty much everything looks good, including the history.BUT, the combat is REALLY bad. Repetitive, not fluid and there are no difficult settings.Also, FXAA can't be turned off."
76561198073855426,Not Recommended,307690,22790483,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,metafi,I would be saying this is a good game but it doesent work on my computer it just keeps crashing 20 minutes in
,Not Recommended,307690,23993141,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,the reasons,Buggy af.
76561198057935946,Not Recommended,307690,31896429,Posted: 21 May,all,viper16,"bugs everywhere, the game is not responded suddenly which happens quiet often"
,Not Recommended,307690,22826235,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,wayaw,"WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ i cant play""Sorry! This computer's hardware does not meet the minimum requirements for the game to load. To play the game please reinstall it on a higher specification Mac.You can find more information on the minimum system requirements for Sleeping Dogs™ Definitive Edition atwww.feralinteractive.com.""pls help me :("
,Not Recommended,307690,23117246,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ekrah,"Always the same people walking around with the same face and hair, saying the same dialogue. Always fighting the same looking enemies...Driving is horrid also and the voice acting can be very bad at times.Not very good, buy gta instead. 100% worth the money."
76561198033518542,Not Recommended,307690,14409900,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dick Chappy,"Fantastic game, owned on a console. But on my PC it doesnt ♥♥♥♥ing work. I pay money i expect a working product damn it. Fix the damn game and then I'll give it a real review"
76561198205023175,Recommended,307690,31449318,Posted: 29 April,all,323loop1,japanese GTA what not too love
,Not Recommended,307690,26373891,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Deadgirl ♡( ◡‿◡ ),"definitive, can u define that"
76561198197144921,Not Recommended,307690,16464257,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,jms5214,super boreing & dry game
,Not Recommended,307690,25761095,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,GaiJiN,"How to control the main character is SUCK!I hardly move Wei Shen in the way I want, so I keep dying even fighting the common gangsters."
,Not Recommended,307690,31639861,Posted: 8 May,all,Combine Pencil Sharpener,"Sleeping Dogs is basically GTA in Hong Kong with a focus on kung fu fighting.Frustratingly, you spend more time fighting the camera than the gangsters."
,Not Recommended,307690,15673099,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,TechnoRunner,"It's alright, the controls are pretty hard and aren't always responsive. I the scenery and plot is pretty cool though."
,Not Recommended,307690,15208270,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,PiTbullos,"wtf i cant use dlcs from original game ,waste of money"
,Not Recommended,307690,28568434,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,A Beautiful Man,"This is a fun game while it works. However, ever since a certain update my Xbox 360 controller has been unable to play it. The key mapping for it is all messed up. Typically, for these type of game it is perferable to use a controller, however, since Sleeping Dogs has problems with controller input I don't recommend this until it is patched since there are others who have similar issue with their controllers not working properly."
,Recommended,307690,31297592,Posted: 22 April,all,kkw,Fxxk off if you are not from HK
,Recommended,307690,12440376,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"*4RealZReview at bottom, text version coming soon*PORK BUNS!Y U NO HAVE PORK BUN IN HAND?PORK BUNS FOR EVERYONE!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!YOU GET A PORK BUN!EVERYONE GET PORKBUN!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfEL1jxwbVo"
,Not Recommended,307690,31640952,Posted: 8 May,all,CapWap,the controls ruined the game for me
76561197999356201,Not Recommended,307690,34105308,Posted: 8 August,all,Imkhashi,Torturous to play. Controls too slow and counterintuitive on all forms of control from vehicles to personal combat. I assume it gets better as you skill up but for the first two hours it was a nightmare to play. And thats as far as I will ever get.
,Not Recommended,307690,34323483,Posted: 18 August,all,Cheshire,"Game is basically punching people and some♥♥♥♥♥♥tier story with bad car mechanics , lots of potential lost."
76561198117792209,Not Recommended,307690,35383378,Posted: 1 October,all,VolcanoMom53,"It's pretty meh, I don't hate it but I certainly don't like it.Some random reasons:Above average driving I guess, it wasn't too fun to me.The combat is the same as the Batman Arkham games except with worse animations.Awkward missions where you flirt with girls for map markers. They wouldn't be so bad if there wasn't forced off-screen sex in the end of every single one.Relatively boring open world, I expect more from a game based in Hong Kong. Even during the nights in the more busy areas there are not many bright signs or colors like the screenshots show.Tonally it is very off. I can't really sympathize with Wei Shen when he drives over 10 people everytime he gets into a car during free roam.The story has very bad pacing which I guess you can expect from an open world game. However, I feel as though it is especially bad in this game.Some cutscenes seem to be missing for the character development to make sense. I never saw Wei Shen as a cop or a gangster, he just seemed like a dude that joined the mafia somehow.The quality in character models vary greatly, some don't seem finished even though they have cutscenes and dialogue."
,Not Recommended,307690,35286984,Posted: 29 September,all,Bluey,Fight mechanics are sloppy and garbage.Repetitive and boringWaste of money dont buy it.
,Not Recommended,307690,35386023,Posted: 1 October,all,Rikka,我哋要中文我们需要中文我們需要中文We need Chinese우리가 필요한 중국어نحن بحاجة إلى  الصينيةНам нужно  китайскийWir brauchen chinesischAbbiamo bisogno di cineseNous avons besoin de chinois私たちは中国語が必要とします
,Recommended,307690,18936743,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,mr grips,must have for fans of animebeware thono subs in this game only dubs
76561198067153922,Not Recommended,307690,35285273,Posted: 29 September,all,...,Basically unplayable on the PC. Annoying button masher. Disappointment--I've been waiting for this game for awhile. Oh well.
76561197980746187,Not Recommended,307690,16115800,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,kyjak,soooo boooring
76561198166168213,Not Recommended,307690,31550612,Posted: 4 May,all,FlamingMelon,game is fun to play very callenging but keeps crashing
,Not Recommended,307690,33346851,Posted: 7 July,all,tymyshoe34,"Asian GTA is very fun!, only problem is the anti aliasing option in this game doesn't do anything (??????)Wtf devs"
,Not Recommended,307690,32783299,Posted: 25 June,all,Jojo,"""Full controller support"" I couldn't even load in the title screen because the game wanted me to, ""Press the Menu button"" What? What menu button? Obviously not either one of the main buttons on the DS4 controller as they didn't work. I then pressed some combination of keys on my keyboard (This game is advertiesed as ""Full controller support"" BTW), then proceeded to wait about 3 minutes while the game gave me the blank look while telling me, ""You shouldn't close the game when this icon appears! It means the game is saving your profile"" something or another. Just the basic stuff every game gives you. After figiting around in the options menu for all of the 10 minutes it took to change 3 options (The game couldn't decide if it wanted to recieve the controller inputs or the mouse/keyboard inputs and proceded to confuse the ever loving hell out of me trying to figure out what button/key combination would take me out of the god forsaken world of the options menu. Finally, after about 20 minutes fiddle farting with the title screen and options menu, I finally entered the game. Proceded to load in a fairly short time (The only redemening quality of this game that I've seen, but it's completely usesless when the game ♥♥♥♥♥ it'self. And Holy ♥♥♥♥ing Jesus, the game♥♥♥♥♥♥it'self.) annnnnd the camera is ♥♥♥♥ed. Spinning around in circles while the character doesn't understand basic actions, moving forward, crouching, NOT SPINNING THE CAMERA AROUND IN CIRLCES. You know, BASIC CONTROLLER SUPPORT. Which the game obviously dones't have. But so be it. I bought it for $6, I can probablly still get a refund, and honestly, there's probably a work around for the problems I'm having. But I just don't care about the game enough to even try. I only got it because it was $6. So be it. Just fyi, I was using a DS4 controller on Windows10, using DS4 windows. YMMV."
,Recommended,307690,31498621,Posted: 1 May,all,ConseQuence,It's this a Jackie Chan Simulator. Like GTA with Chinese
,Not Recommended,307690,30674438,Posted: 22 March,all,GBirkol,"It doesn't start due to ''press menu button'' bug, consider this before buy this game."
,Not Recommended,307690,35223148,Posted: 26 September,all,jstr,"R.I.P.United Front Games.R.I.P.(?) True CrimeR.I.P.Sleeping Dogs and Triad Wars. You were a good True Crime's sons. (not really)I completed it way back in 2012, and it was one of the best action games i ever played (ehm. really).Why the review is bad? Because the goddamn Definitive Edition. Game won't even launch on old (not that old)  AMD video cards,  and it's not optimized for new ones. ."
76561198012060558,Recommended,307690,12494923,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Sjúrður Hjá Mikkel,nice inprovment
76561198060779951,Not Recommended,307690,14805831,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,mr.benzo,"Does not run , Do not buy I repeat DO NOT BUY !"
76561198030768261,Not Recommended,307690,14388245,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Tats,The fighting controls in this game are so terrible for keyboard and mouse that I nearly smashed by monitor in frustration.
,Not Recommended,307690,16033089,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ahzep,"Game crashes, aparently if you wanna run this game you have configure a lot of stuffs on your pc, but not even with that the game could run on my pc, bad ports are one of the biggest cancers of the industry"
,Not Recommended,307690,33883724,Posted: 29 July,all,Adecool,"I followed the production of this game back when it was first announced as True Crime Hong Kong but lost interest in buying it when it became clear that the quality of the game was not going to be up to scratch due to it being tossed around and re-built. But now in 2017 i decided to give it a shot thanks to steam's summer sale and the overwhelmingly good reviews the game has from players. I thought that it may be pretty good. But i was wrong. This game is rubbish.First of all i am huge fan of open world games and have played dozens of them in my lifetime. But Sleeping Dogs is by far the worst i have ever played. The game feels like a steam early access game. The driving physics are simply DISGUSTING with vehicles that accelerate to FULL SPEED as soon as you press the acceleration button and a ridiculous mechanic that allows you to rapidly ram your car into other cars and BLOW THEM UP regardless of what vehicle you're using or how fast you're going. All the vehicles in this game feel weightless and floaty as if there was NO effort put into the driving physics whatsoever.During gameplay there are SO MANY glitches, the game often feels like it is hanging on by a thread and one wrong move will cause the game to spaz out and crash, if i knew it was going to be this bad i wouldve gotten a PVR ready and recorded the greatest glitch montage of all time. NPCs get stuck running into walls, get stuck on objects, dissapear, appear out of nowhere, T-pose, spaz out, vibrate, launch into the air, stand on their cars or other objects, fail to react when you shoot someone that is standing right next to them and MORE. Your character will also often get stuck on objects and glitch out. Everything feels clunky, buggy and just cheap. Nothing flows naturally no matter how accurate you try to be.The open world is so bleak and repetitive. Most of the map is comprised of tight roads with cloned buildings lined up on both sides. The few open areas still feel cramped with un-breakable and un-climbable fences placed all over the place. The city only looks decent when it rains, but that still doesnt change how lifeless the world feels. There just isnt a real ""sandbox"" here, nothing to do besides the main story, the side missions suck, and worst of all... you don't have any access to weapons during free roam! What is the point of playing an open world crime game if you don't have the option go on a shooting rampage when you're bored? its depressing.The combat system tries to borrow from the recent Batman games but fails miserably. Having a smooth and free flowing fight is now impossible because the game makes it annoying for you to chain attacks and counter successfully. Knowing when someone is about to attack you is like trying to find a needle in a haystack because your only indication is a thin red outline around the enemy which is incredibly hard to notice when you are fighting a dense crowd of goons. Most of the time you will end up pressing the counter button at the wrong time which makes your character freeze for 2 whole seconds allowing enemies to strike you and eventually kill you.Sometimes you are required to rapidly press the counter button 2 or 3 times to dodge a combo move, but there is no way of knowing if an enemy is about to do a combo move or a single move, so you will often rapidly press the counter button when you're not supposed to which causes you to freeze and then get hit. The environmental kills are the only good part of the combat system in this game. Shooting is alright when on foot, but when you're in a car literally all you need to do is shoot at your enemy's wheels once to INSTANTLY blow up their car. What the hell was going through the minds of the people who designed the vehicle physics in this game.The animations are horrible, especially during gameplay where NPCs will loop the same awkward 3-second animation over and over with zero facial expression. Even during cutscenes the characters look and move around like puppets.And the story tries to be dramatic but its just too convoluted and random. You're essentially an undercover cop that...guess what....GETS TOO INVOLVED. Wow so original. I don't really care about anything that is going on with the triads and the game gives you no reason to care anyway. Although the final mission was actually pretty fun to play.This game should have never been released. And i think there is a major bias towards this game from people who are excited to play any game that takes place in China, because the game itself is garbage."
76561198067434441,Not Recommended,307690,16400940,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kirito ¤MBM¤,i cant play cause when i try it says sleeping dogs definitive edition executable has stopped working
76561198100301114,Not Recommended,307690,14554573,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,NeonBlade,"The game  runs very, very  badly on my pc to a level that it takes 5 seconds to pause.My PC specs:16 GB RAM4GB NVidea GTX 860MIntel i7 3.5GHz"
,Not Recommended,307690,33326676,Posted: 6 July,all,Sleeze,"As great a game as it is, unfortunately the port has a few game breaking bugs. I spent about 10 hours playing, i got really into the story and then i got this endless gunfire sound glitch. Nothing i do seems to make it go away permanantly and i can't find a fix online. Theres just a constant blare of a machine gun being fired, making it impossible to hear dialogue or anything else.basically had my save game corrupted since the only option i have is to restart. Even if i restart theres no saying it wont happen again to me.. ugh."
,Not Recommended,307690,31849251,Posted: 19 May,all,Ainsley,Waste of money as its not compatible with anything above windows 8 and no one is trying to fix that.
76561198339171202,Not Recommended,307690,26412355,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Hadi is gay,This game always lag and always crashes
,Not Recommended,307690,35351273,Posted: 30 September,all,Fb||One Red Pube✅,Game wont Load. I click play and it says running then nothing happens
,Not Recommended,307690,35222119,Posted: 26 September,all,MafflesCo,"Yeah it's fun, and if you can get around all the game-breaking glitches then it's probably hella fun, unfortunately I've ran in to too many of those, and can't get past the second set of case files (the ones for Hotshot), sooo I'm not very pleased."
76561198092171474,Not Recommended,307690,23596550,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,PhanTasM,"this is a bad version of GTA,.. just buy GTAV and play it a few times over lolthe collision is eyegougingly horrible,.. and you can't free jump..Run/Action/Vault/Interact all the sameRun/Action/Vault/Interact all the same (left shift) and it can't be changed,.. thats the worst gameplay idea ever,.. and that's not the worst thing about it,.. it boasts a combat system like Matrix or arkham,.. but it feels like Vice City's fight system lol.. -11/10 ... this game's developers should be put out into the street and shotgraphics, gameplay, story,.. it's a cluster ♥♥♥♥ of horrrible,.. i have no idea how it has such good ratings,.. i don't know how people can play this♥♥♥♥♥♥for more than about 20 seconds"
76561198359801766,Not Recommended,307690,30938055,Posted: 4 April,all,mccombe.brian,"Crash,Crash,Crash since I bought it 3 days ago.Game plays for 10 mins then crashes.Tried following solutions here on Steam to solve the problem.Frankly,delete this,delete that,then go here then go there etc.Far to complicated to rectify.Totally unacceptable in 2017.Really ""P***ed Off !!!!.Shame as it looked a lot of fun to play."
,Not Recommended,307690,33895285,Posted: 29 July,all,A Nude Walrus,"who'd have guessed that the main protagonist, who is jackie chan's mentally disabled cousin, is really good at karaoke and can kill people by slapping them with a fishalso misleading title as there are no actual dogs in the game, turns out the whole thing is about real people and they are not even sleeping"
76561198084674911,Not Recommended,307690,35312557,Posted: 29 September,all,Airteez,"Operating environment: Win7 64, iCore7 4770, GTX 970, 32gb ram.Ok, I knew it wasn't GTA going into it.. but MAN!! I am glad that I picked it up on sale or I would have hard feelings about it.   This game is so.... BLAH... it's not fun, its not entertaining.. it's a meaningless grind with frustrating mechanics and a predictable story.  The most obvious issue right from the beginning is basic mechanics. It's painfully awkward.. From moving the character around to vehicle handling the game feels slow and clunky.  Speaking of vehicle handling, that's a cargo ship of worms and where the mechanics failures really shine!  The vehicles are more like downhill cart racers.. not much speed and not much handling. The vehicles are just as broken as the basic mechanics making It suck to drive,  ride and run.  There no real sense of speed. Everything seems slow until you start skidding at what looks like a slow speed and hitting everything in front of you.  If only he could just teleport.. that might be okay.  That is, until the enemy skill get's to a point where you have to remember a bunch of key combinitations for the advanced fight moves.  Like mortal combat... I never thought that was a good idea.. and it's still not a good idea.. I thought this was a role playign game, not a fight game. Not that it matters because in my opinion, It fails at both.  The missions are basically all the same.. go here and beat these guys up for whatever reason and return. No wash, just rinse and repeat.  The cop missions are no better.. they have you setting up busts thru surveillance or running down street racers... to ram them... aside from the complete mess that driving is, the whole ramming thing is laughable.  The story, at least as far as I got in the game, was predictable and not nearly interesting enough to override the mechanics to keep playing. I simply don't care if Dogface will every get even with you or if Winston will ever figure you out..  Now...., if Dogface and Winston could collaborate and make the game mechanics better.. that would be worth a look.   Another HUGE dislike for me is the crappy point system!  So picture this, the vehicles already handle like pushing a brick uphill  with a long stick..ok..add to that being penalized for hitting anything and everything in the narrow congested streets and alleys.  I hit 4 cars, killed 3 pedestrians, destroyed  3 barricade fences and a light pole before I got to the end of the block!  Then the game compares your driving to any your friends that have the game.  The vehicle radio may be period and/or culturally accurate but I found it to be completely annoying with volume levels well above the other game levels and a little bit stereotypical of asian peoples.  I was VERY happy to see the developers provided a volume slider to turn it off!   And yet...sadly.. another HUGE issue is the camera auto-return!  Its pretty much impossible to get the view that you need when you need it. The view auto-return is VERY aggressive in switching the view back to the game default, which changes based on direction.  Picture this.. you're drivign thru the streets in cold persuit (what else would you call a 20mph chase?) of street racers, you skid off the road into a couple of parked cars.. or cars sitting at the light, or a tree or...anyway, you have to back out of where you are to get back on the job. You want to look forward to see when you have backed far enough to clear the obstacle, but NO, the game changes the view to look behind you.. the result of that is the view going back and forth making the free look pretty useless.  This combination of the aggressive forced view and the auto view switching causes some very, VERY!  frustrating gaming!  Too bad they didnt include a way to turn that off!  The poor mechanics.. and being penalized for them,  the repetition of missions with the multiple button fight moves and the crazy forced camera views, made this game both boring and frustrating. One or the other of those two could possibly be overcome if the game got better.  I have played such games that faltered and then recovered from one or the other issue... but not both.What are my gaming credentials you may be asking?  I have been gaming for longer than a lot of you reading this have breathed air.  That simply means I've been around more games than you can shake a stick at and this game just sucks.This game has too many fails to recommend it."
,Not Recommended,307690,20016861,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,kmart halloween flashgame season,boring♥♥♥♥♥combat that takes up most of the game
76561198083318779,Not Recommended,307690,14401133,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Koozy,So the original version of sleeping dogs had Steam Trading Cards but no the upgraded one?
,Not Recommended,307690,30121244,Posted: 23 February,all,xero.omkar,"Pros:Game is set in Hong Kong nailing the colorful, noisy, densely populated environment.It has more sophisticated fighting mechanic than gta and saints row.Good story not great but good.Environmental Kills, Rockstar something you should learn from this game.Cons:Camera angles are just bad.Although you have more options in combat but its not smooth if you have played arkham games or shadow of mordor this will bug you trust me.Game suffers from random fps drops and will crash sometimes."
,Recommended,307690,12412605,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,[x] Houser,I preordered this. It's good stuff. Improved graphics&physics and all DLC.But...where is my artbook??
76561198160276356,Not Recommended,307690,15829705,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Blaze31337,cant even play the god dam game any fix and how do i get dlcs? want money back
76561198337181679,Not Recommended,307690,28219783,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hunter Zolomon,"No recomindo este juego porque , sus requisitos son una verdadera mentira to tengo una trajeta de 1 gb AMD y lo tengo que dejar en bajo para que corra a 30 fps, si no tienes mas de un giga de tarjeta estas frito"
76561198062708276,Not Recommended,307690,25700271,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,carbastard,"Graphics? Good. Voice acting? Good. World detail and design? Good. Story? Promising.All in all, the game should be great. I mean, most reviews are overwhelmingly possitive, but I just couldn't enjoy it. The fighting system is unbelievably clunky and dumb, you just punch away at opponents and attempt to react to their attacks in a hit-or-miss game of luck. Your character sometimes even gets kinda dizzy and doesn't react to any of your inputs, making you basically a standing punchbag. If you fail to counter their attacks, there goes a big chunk of your health...which is ridiculous considering you face half a dozen opponents every time. It can get boring VERY quickly. Although a different concept, Shadow Warrior has a massively better combat experience. If only the open-world of Sleeping Dogs was matched with Shadow Warrior's combat...that'd be a dream come true!At a discount price it's definitely worth a shot checking out Sleeping Dogs. The game is promising, maybe you'll like it. Maybe, like me, you'll hate the combat so much you'll ask for a refund."
,Not Recommended,307690,24306483,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,E.Z,I don't like the story...
76561198006139553,Not Recommended,307690,23802453,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Birdman,this game is like a crappy jackie movie with random horrifying violence that feels super out of place
,Recommended,307690,21499603,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Killinter,"As of 25.3 hours of Gameplay, I would say This game is awesome and great open world. This is the first time I played GTA in Asian style. Love it!"
76561198245381532,Not Recommended,307690,25679692,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,alphakiller167,HELP! When I launch the game and try make a new save game it keeps closing and doesn't say it's crashed or anything!I tried running it from the file but still didnt work! HELP!
76561198018782190,Not Recommended,307690,25193339,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,jdev_home,unable to play in windows 10 ?
76561198048048796,Not Recommended,307690,35302626,Posted: 29 September,all,kierankent,not good is bad
76561198106534375,Not Recommended,307690,19836105,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Hydra,I ♥♥♥♥ing hate it so much it hurts in my biceps ♥♥♥♥!
,Not Recommended,307690,20165257,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,zufilico,Another GTA copy without planes and a lot of graphic bugs.Edit:Open world without planes or chopter isn´t open world
,Not Recommended,307690,32913424,Posted: 27 June,all,atk324,"Camera in vehicles is horsesh*t, Inputs on controller seem to lag a great deal, especially noticeable when attempting counters. Game is unplayably frustrating. Will be getting a refund."
76561198161805609,Not Recommended,307690,32521700,Posted: 17 June,all,Hipsterka Valkyrie,Lost all my saves. Thank you !
,Not Recommended,307690,29442778,Posted: 23 January,all,sex nigeria,there are no dogs in this game
76561198087566272,Recommended,307690,12477349,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,siewwah,"Definitely High value over price, a plus for an orient city which wake up!"
,Not Recommended,307690,28670642,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Roni_Viera,this game open world is quite shallow to it's rival
76561198038346980,Not Recommended,307690,14598237,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,HyperSocks,sucks!
,Not Recommended,307690,25698629,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Jackie's Insanity,Lags more than that old computer at your grandma's house.10/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,307690,34687586,Posted: 2 September,all,The Mangle,laggy
76561198071504327,Not Recommended,307690,35156396,Posted: 23 September,all,dawww,"Weird city design which leaves you feeling trapped making the game a not very open, open world. The story is odd and made me lose interest very, very quickly."
,Not Recommended,307690,13760027,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The Narnian Squid,"Sleeping Dogs is an amazing game. Just not on PC. It constantly crashes. I haven't even baan able to play past the first ten minutes of the game because it crashes every single time at random points. I really want to play it, but I cant because it's a terrible PC port."
,Recommended,307690,31626234,Posted: 8 May,all,Princess Fuzz,You can throw chinks in bins 👍
,Recommended,307690,23995926,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,APENOX | BUSY AS SHIT,VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERYGood game!!! 10000000\10
76561197982302105,Not Recommended,307690,35189033,Posted: 24 September,all,monkey,"WARNING: keyboard + mouse controls for this game on PC are F#$### up. My best guess is it's another bad porting job, as 90% of the console games ported to PC seem to have some major problems. It's too bad because the game would be fantastic if not for the jacked up controls. The game has a problem detecting the buttons that you hit, and since the game relies HEAVILY on timed pressing of buttons it makes for extremely frustrating gameplay. For example many game missions require you to spam the E button at the right moment in order to avoid failing the mission, but then it fails to detect 75% of the button presses (it does detect SOME of them), and even though you did exactly what you were supposed to, you fail the mission and have to redo it. It took me like 10 tries to get past some missions because of this strange problem. There is NOTHING wrong with my keyboard, outside this game it works perfect. You will CONSTANTLY notice this problem, even a simple thing such as exiting a menu (by hitting backspace) I frequently have to hit backspace 3 or 4 times before it registers. During fights you have to counter enemies by hit E at the right time, and since it frequently doesn't acknowledge you hit the button you will constantly fail to counter easy to counter enemies. I play other games on my PC that require you to counter enemies by hitting a button, for example Shadow of Mordor & Batman Arkham City, and let me tell you I have NO problem countering 99% of all incoming attacks and going on massive kill streaks (like 300+) without getting hit one time, and those games rely on the same mechanic of just timing a button to counter. But on SD, because of the weird failure to recognize keyboard buttons every time, I can barely counter 20% of incoming attacks. Which means I am constantly dying in what should be easy to win fights. I know some stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is going to say it's because I am a noob and don't know how to play, but trust me I've tested this for game for several hours and it is so obvious the game is glitched and ignoring keyboard buttons. It's a real shame because the game would be so good if the controls worked. Despite the messed up controls I have still enjoyed the game, as occasionally I can actually win a big fight by just spamming buttons as fast as I can, and racing around the streets in cars and crashing into everything never gets old! I will probably even suffer through some more missions to try and get my $4.99 worth. But I can't give this game a thumbs up because the controls are seriously f#$#$# up. I can't speak to whether or not a game controller will work better, so buy at your own risk even if you have a game controller."
76561198014200078,Not Recommended,307690,34715994,Posted: 3 September,all,Nuke,"Entering vehicles is annoying sometimes. It seems you have to be in a tiny circle to be able to enter the car.It is annoying how the game was just copied from consol and pasted to PC. You can easly tell due to the poor handling with the keyboard and mouse.The way the reverse camera works is so r3tarded it blows my mind that they even did this on the consol. If you reverse then drive forward again, the camera angle is so screwed up and r3tarded, you can't tell what is going on for about 10 seconds until it calms down.If you cancel a mission you get sent to your house, instead of just canceling it where you are and going on with your day.Intro game loading loop is stupid. It goes over and over if you don't select something in a few seconds. Then you have to wait for it to reload so you can select what you want.Even after the motorcycle is started, he attempts to start it 3 more times.Any action you are doing is canceled right as he takes off his helmet from being on a motorcycle.Taxi rides are a fixed price, not based on distance.You should be able to call taxies anywhere from your phone.Cops swawn out of no where even after you have lost them.Your set marker disapeers after the cops start to chase you.The vallet guy talks to you like he is your friend, which he isn't. I wish he would just shut up and do his job, not talk like we are buddies. Also it is annoying you can't kill him.DZS-90 is jerky to drive. Auto reload of gun is annoying. You can't control the car while in turret mode which is annoying."
76561198314316057,Not Recommended,307690,35169804,Posted: 23 September,all,wooya,VIHICLES ARE ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,307690,28390726,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Apple of the Earth,rely good gaem
76561197970524443,Recommended,307690,16829763,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,HooksGURU,"Little to no change from the original release. Playing the game at 3840x2160 with maximum available settings, still provides mediocre visual fidelity in contrast to other titles. This title isn't as graphically demanding as it sets itself up to be; it is more the lack or proper PC hardware usage that cripples performance in most scenarios. The gameplay itself is where the core positives come from. A blend of Batman: Arkham series style combat, with a mixture of matial arts donates a hard hitting experience for hand to hand combat. Fire fights take a semi-cinematic path, with slow motion crossovers, and ""on the fly"" environment interaction. The main city area itself has a large amount of content to explore, side missions to take part in, and police objectives to clear. The driving can feel out of place at times if you are in the wrong vehicle, although the action cameras and jumping from car to car provide options for changing that.The Definitive Edition is another way of saying ""DLC."" That is what you get, the original copy of the game with all included DLC. If you are expecting a full ""remaster,"" you will not find it here. Only subtle changes to the graphics have been applied, and more times than not, they are just additional effects to fill the empty spaces of the city.I picked up the game at a massive discount, and I suggest you do as well. As years later, it is not worth anywhere near the full price they are requesting, and feels more like a ""cash grab"" than anything else. Especially with the lackluster improvements to the core elements that make up Sleeping Dogs.If you don't own the game, it is a good time sink between other games. You can't go wrong with a discount purchase."
76561198219829313,Not Recommended,307690,35301878,Posted: 29 September,all,oliverbrailsford2003,do not buy this game if you have a bad processer its is laggy and slowyou will need a i5 or better so i does not lag
,Not Recommended,307690,30621078,Posted: 19 March,all,tmertz,"This game is so incredibly buggy, I have a hard time fathoming it.Sure it'll play fine, but then something fairly innocuous happens (an NPC opening a door, say), and suddenly Wei is clipped out of the game and can't move. Or it'll glitch out and just stop receiving any input from controller, KB or mouse for 10-20 seconds. Or the engine will lose track of whether or not a mission objective has been completed, and leave you stuck in infinite mission hell. Or it'll forget to turn off a sound effect (such as police sirens) when you've succesfully escaped police.It's a shame, really, because I remember it as a fun game."
,Not Recommended,307690,28324466,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ｚｙｎ,CRASH TO DESKTOP!
,Not Recommended,307690,30086379,Posted: 21 February,all,Aplem,"As with any Square Enix game, you have to use a controller. The game is very poorly optimized for KB+M gameplay. Controls tend to be unresponsive 50% of the time.The graphics are reasonable and the game does make it feel like you are in Hong Kong. Combat with a controller is very smooth and enjoyable.For the price on sale, get it. If not, don't waste the $30.I do like the game, and the story seemed to be fair. However because of poor optimization I am going to not recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,307690,13839185,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Lorde,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME ON PC.I have never writted a review before, but I feel as though this game deserves it.Pros: great combat system, great enviornment, decent vehicle mechanics, and you can unlock or purchase legendary outfits that are based off iconic figures and change a few fighting animations. For example: there's one based off Ip Man.Cons: riddled with bugs, and unresponsive controlled to the point where some missions are unplayable.For example: towards the end of the game, you jump on a scaffold that collapses, then you repeatedly press L shift to pull yourself up, but no matter how many types you press it, you'll always fall. You could be pressing shift at the speed of light, and you'll still fall. I've been replaying that check point for about 40 minutes now, and every time, I still fall.And the one of the enemies, called ""the Grapplers"" will, obiously, put you in a hold, and you have to continously press ""E"" to get out of it. BUT, 90% of the time, he has a steel grip where it's impossible to break free no matter how many times you actually press ""E"" , whereas the remaining 10%, you break free within the first tap...Also, one of the interesting features, the ""Action Hijack"" where you jump on a vehicle, pull the driver out, and jump in. It works. For the most part. Although there is a side mission in the game, where you have to retrieve a large vehicle, in which you have to jump on, and crawl to the side of it: You have to regain your balance every once in a while, and sometimes the controls (as I said) become unresponsive for absolutely no reason whatsoever, and you can't regain your balance, you then fall off, and once you get close to the door, you will fall off for no aparent reason, and there were a few times where I didn't fall off, and was able to make it to the door, but all of those times, the game glitched, and instead of going through the door, I go inside the cart, and my character freezes, while the driver safely continues driving.As for the story line: It's good, although compeltely unoriginal.This game might work better with a controller, I wouldn't know.But this game is so filled with bugs I can't even finish the main story line. And I'm on the last mission..."
76561197980914614,Not Recommended,307690,13898162,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,dwolf420,Definitive Crap! First 10min of this laggy (12fps with a GTX 980) buggy game (crashed after 10min) was press W and hold LShift to sprint and let go and press again to be a douch. What happened to playing a video game? It seems most all action games are nothing more than simi interactive crap animation movies. Watch a pile of cut senes and lag around after.
,Not Recommended,307690,29909801,Posted: 13 February,all,Storm ♞,"Broken enemy spawn points, clunky combat, unresponsive driving, not rewarding experience, accurete and detailed setting of a very annoying environment."
76561197962044062,Not Recommended,307690,32771379,Posted: 25 June,all,JayWard,"This game is pretty miserable. The driving is the most cartoonish thing I've ever seen. Why it couldn't be grounded a bit more to reality is beyond me. Every car feels like a toy. It's unbearable. The combat is fun but there is still a huge issue where I clearly press the counter button and it doesn't register - it's incredibly frustrating. I just bought a brand new Dualshock 4 so it ain't the controller.The game looks pretty good for a remastered last-gen title but there is still an optimization issue with the anti-ailising. I get dips into the 40's with a GTX 1070, which is crazy. If the game is on sale for like five bucks, feel free to give it a try. Otherwise it's a waste of money."
76561198260680157,Not Recommended,307690,25707597,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,The Family Disappointment,whoever thought that spam pressing E for literally hours was a game is sorely mistaken this is so boring and unfun
76561198201986936,Not Recommended,307690,13705365,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,weedblaster,"even with more than recommended system requirements, it still runs at far less than 30 fps at lowest graphic settings. i have an nvidia gtx 860m with 2gb gddr5, intel core i7 4710mq as well as 16gb ddr3 and directx 11. so unless you have far greater specs than these, buy it on console"
76561198308622536,Not Recommended,307690,26314633,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,eddie,Starts good with and it has a cool martial arts fighting system but quickly it becomes repetitive with boring side-missions and you're left with a humorless too serious GTA clone.  I decided to quit this triad gang
76561198038282164,Not Recommended,307690,14215374,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Mr.Beardie,good game lost intrest over timeif you like beat em ups and gta this is for you
76561198006262371,Not Recommended,307690,13209198,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Sithis223,Just brought the game. Was looking forward to playing it because I've heard good things....Crashes on start up. Have scoured the internet for hours looking for a fix and tried every trick in the book to fix it myself.Only materialistic people care about money; don't waste your time!
76561198052801390,Not Recommended,307690,13909781,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Whiskey,anyone can help me with my game ? why i cannot start the game
76561198071955680,Not Recommended,307690,30110261,Posted: 22 February,all,NEin,"If you like playing with a contoller and spinning cameras are your thing, this game is hust for you!"
76561198044150293,Not Recommended,307690,23468797,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Kairon Woulfgang,I personally did not enjoy this game.
,Recommended,307690,12474592,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,̮̯̺ͯ͐n̷͛̚͟͏̮̣͓̰̯̲͍̪a̿ͩͤ͛̐̏͌҉̪̖̝,You punch asians 10/10
,Not Recommended,307690,16027831,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,чмо с подворотами,"why does it crash? I bought it! I spent my money on it! Fix it, or i'll never buy your games ANYMORE!"
76561198328175089,Not Recommended,307690,35216585,Posted: 25 September,all,VOLKKR,the physics so bad. the controll keys dont seem to work properly and mission is to repetitive.
76561197992711083,Not Recommended,307690,35326176,Posted: 30 September,all,Joelius,"Wanna hit a punch button in a dreary, dingy Hong Kong kitchen, and watch your 1 dimensional character take 2 seconds to follow through because of the very slow animation wind up? wanna fight 22 guys at a time, punching each one at least 50 times in the same depressing location? Are you thrilled by the camera changing when you were trying to control precisely where you stood, so it can show you some boring cut scene of you punching a guy from a different angle, but in extra dull slow motion? Do you have a mad hankerin' for watching dozens of identical asians arguing with one another, and then eventually ceding under protest? do you enjoy inexplicably low frame rates? how about super long cut scenes that are never, never, ever interesting, and could have been written by an 8th grader who only just learned about the excitement of curse words?This is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,307690,13756662,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MoorHees,i really regret buying this game....the control is so unresponsive that every single fight scene i die because i cant even avoid enemy attack...the graphic is not so different from the original one too...still its way better then watch dogs lols
,Not Recommended,307690,13775847,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,daniel436604,"This game is broken it has a horrible frame rate even, on the lowest setting it probably goes to like 10 frames per sec. I heven't been able to play the game because it is too laggy. Unless they can fix this, i do not recommend it. It's been 3 months since the last update from the developer they must be close to finishing the patch for this game.My advice to the people who are thinking of buying this game is to wait until they patch it or get it on console."
76561198080868263,Not Recommended,307690,14346254,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,cklim78,"Gameplay wise is ok. However, the storytelling and npcs ingame are bad. If you want a good story with good characters, this is not the game for you."
76561197961182790,Not Recommended,307690,13257714,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Samson,"Really wanted to like this game, but on the PC using mouse and keyboard controls it just doesn't work very well at all. Pressing the E key to intercept an attack hardly ever works properly, when I see an attacker go red, I expect the fact that I've pressed the E key would mean that it would actually do what it's supposed to do (and no, I'm not in a cool down from incorrectly pressing it earlier).Game over all runs pretty well, had some lag until I turned off V Sync, but the fight system just doesn't work very well if you're not using a controller.A shame, looks like it could be quite good fun, but I'm an old school PC gamer and the fight system just doesn't cut it if your used to any kind of real control over a game."
,Not Recommended,307690,31550415,Posted: 4 May,all,Dr. Potato,"Game causes my computer to crash when I'm about 5 minutes in. This has happened to me multiple times. Great game, bad optimization."
76561198129936651,Not Recommended,307690,31071255,Posted: 10 April,all,kokiri1232,hay i got this game when it was on sale but it won't work i tried everything but it still does not work i even tried to ask the people that made this game on a how to vidow but they have not made one and its sad i am there must be people that are not good with this pc stuff so i don't know unless the guys who made these game fix it or make a vid on how to fex it i say don't get this game.
,Not Recommended,307690,12467264,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,paranoid nendoroid,"Sleeping Dogs is one of my favorite games, but get the original instead. Awful performance and the moving hair and clothing actually looks way worse than when it was static.If the game gets fixed in patches I will edit my review."
,Not Recommended,307690,13192243,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,The Kenyan Gingerbread Man,0/10.All DLC has to be earned now.♥♥♥♥ that.Just give it to me.
76561198103012743,Not Recommended,307690,24052529,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,fuyres,XXXXXXX one f**** button!!!
76561198113840206,Not Recommended,307690,30178842,Posted: 25 February,all,white science man,my computer died.
,Not Recommended,307690,13604487,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PixelatedDonkey,"Unresponsive controls. Yes even with the controler. Keyboard/mouse are barely usable.Textures are NOT HD, as promised. False advertising. They have simply forced a DoF effect to cover up the low res textures in most places. But it's still as low resolution as the original was.Glitchy to the point that it isn't even funny anymore.Unexplained CTDs.Don't waste your money. Seriously."
76561198163429817,Not Recommended,307690,26304639,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,🏝☀️Pupper af 🏖🌊™,Very very bad framerate...
76561198105818952,Not Recommended,307690,13024599,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,lil_tyke,DO NOT BUY. Another terrible port. good when it works. But only works for about 5 minutes tops.
,Not Recommended,307690,13593053,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,OG Sherlock Kush,keeps crashing when i start a new game please fix
,Not Recommended,307690,13197045,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,M   T,This game will waste your moneyWhenever I click start a new game went to downloading screen and then crashedHoly moly I hate squenix right now
76561198145737970,Not Recommended,307690,13184918,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,javierlop91,The game has an awesome story but for some reason the game doesnt play smooth for me which is disappointing. Not sure if the game has an issue or not beacuse it's very laggy and ive been able to play games with high settings. The game seems really good just wish i didnt have these problems.
76561198143484709,Not Recommended,307690,31192096,Posted: 16 April,all,Jamal,I can't launch the game. Can someone help me?
76561198011972899,Not Recommended,307690,13152803,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,5part8,"Finally took the plung and bought this on sale for $10 as I enjoy the original Sleeping Dogs. Even at $10, this is not worth the money. The visual upgrades are nice. Beyond that, the entire game must be re-downloaded, your achievements and saved games from the original version do not carry over and the DLC outfits must now be purchased in-game at a hefty price of $10k-75k. The path they followed for Deus Ex was much better at $5 [if you owned the original] and upgrading the original instead of being a whole new game."
,Not Recommended,307690,13277822,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,KingDasturdly,no
,Not Recommended,307690,12464472,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Stone Cold Jane Austen,"Crippling input bugs from the previous edition haven't been fixed, and are actually worse. The workarounds are bizarre and only ever partially work (why does removing the windows explorer navigation sound reduce mouse input lag?)Karaoke is unplayable unless I turn video detail to low, as the game takes up to a second to notice I've released a button.It's pretty, looking much nicer than the original, but by god does it ever need some optimisation and bugfixing."
,Not Recommended,307690,13131547,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,♪∿♫ R I B S T E R,"♥♥♥♥ing annoying. The moevment is so unresponsive. You want to move left, no ♥♥♥♥ that! You're going to walk forward and get stuck in a wall. The game looks nice but the movement is so ♥♥♥♥ing annoying making the game unplayable. I haven't even got past the second mission. waste of my time and money. Its such a ♥♥♥♥ing waste I can't do ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥. I keep running into ♥♥♥♥ing walls and I can't turn. I want a ♥♥♥♥ing refund."
76561198104521817,Not Recommended,307690,13888789,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,asianboy500,The game runs too slow even after updates. Get it for your xbox not pc.
76561198054661997,Not Recommended,307690,13838299,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Zranis,"After reading many reviews stating that this game is unplayable I can confirm. Forum after forum people stating that this game makes their $200+ GPUs run at 90+ degrees. I was sure this cant be the case and felt safe on purchase. My GPU is expensive, as well as my rig... but yet I get 90 degrees on all resolutions in this game. The very fact steam is selling this disgusts me. I can canfirm on every PC I have tried this on, this game is broken do not get ripped off!P.S Does no one check their temps? All of you are breaking your computers, and yet not one review below states this game is broken..."
,Not Recommended,307690,16817656,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Beast.,It keeps lagging PC and the real fun is on a console.
76561198046791604,Not Recommended,307690,31522255,Posted: 3 May,all,davenimos1960,Very disappointed after paying £4 to get this game the game runs but the moment you  try and start a game after a few seconds the game goes off and you are left with nothing. after this bad experience i will most likely never purchase a game from steam for my Windows 7 64bit version of windows. Even after a full hard drive defrag the game behaves in the same way. Even putting the graphics settins on the game from Medium to low the problem is not fixed. if steam can not fix the game i would very much like a full cash refund. I now think £4 to play a decent game through steam was to good to be true. My system easily meets the Minium requirements for the game to run but fails to run correctly.
,Not Recommended,307690,13560377,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,CrisMMM,the game crash everytime i play
76561198348227503,Not Recommended,307690,31529759,Posted: 3 May,all,Hookers And Blow,i just bought this game and everytime i click on new game it goes to the loading screen for 20 seconds then just crashes and goes to my desktop it really pisses me off i spent 8$ and cant even this game. I Want a Refund
,Not Recommended,307690,26468534,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,"Dood, Chill",The graphics sucked and the game ran very slowly on my computer. 10/10 will probably happen to you too
,Not Recommended,307690,14117285,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Curtis Durane,crap
,Not Recommended,307690,34917668,Posted: 13 September,all,Rui,Good soundtrack.BAD GAME.
,Recommended,307690,17978579,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,PCdudeserver,"Not enough sleeping or dogs, 0/10. -IGN"
,Recommended,307690,12473013,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,gh0st,great
76561198083976897,Not Recommended,307690,13075830,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,_NoDiR_,Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game then sell it
,Not Recommended,307690,14352585,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Htimez2,DO NOT BUY THIS VERSION< THEY LIED THIS DOES NOT HAVE ANY OF THE BOOSTER PACK DLC AND THE OTHER DLC YOU MUST PAY AGAIN TO GET IT IN GAME! THIS IS FALSE ADVERTISEMENT DO NOT FALL FOR IT!
,Recommended,307690,12476341,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Whiteballs1987,Grand theft auto that doesnt suck. Plus its a square enix game.. so take that as you will. It is one of their better
76561197996478717,Not Recommended,307690,12999202,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Hatcher,It'd be great if the game would actually go full screen like i told it
76561198046078166,Not Recommended,307690,25227911,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Galecko,This game is more yellow than a book of matches
76561198132771868,Not Recommended,307690,31208686,Posted: 17 April,all,myfriendjohn,The driving mechanics in this game made me uninstall it...
76561197970701643,Not Recommended,307690,30073037,Posted: 20 February,all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,Can't understand a word they're saying.
76561198277940310,Not Recommended,307690,35187147,Posted: 24 September,all,Icarus,uhmm every 15 minutes the game freezes and then crashes.............
,Not Recommended,307690,32728408,Posted: 24 June,all,BETEPok,horrible gameplay and optimisation
76561198423520992,Not Recommended,307690,35365362,Posted: 30 September,all,Cows For Life,Bad
76561198164013410,Not Recommended,307690,25850666,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,oiichioka,"THIS GAME IS REALLY REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING HARD AND IMPOSSIBLEcompared to the sleeping dogs, this version is ♥♥♥♥ING HARD.YOU NEED TO FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GLITCH AND THE ♥♥♥♥ING CONTROL AND THE FRAME RATE YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥WANT ME TO HELP YOU?HERE'S THE LIST THAT YOU NEED TO FIX:- GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH especially the ♥♥♥♥ing piles of tire glitch, how can that♥♥♥♥♥♥flipped a huge♥♥♥♥♥mother♥♥♥♥ing car to the air????? THE ANSWER IS YO ♥♥♥♥IN GLITCH USES THE HOLY TORNADO SPELL!- THAT'S JUST THE FIRST GLITCH, I COULD GO FOR THE REST OF MY ♥♥♥♥ING LIVE TO LIST ALL OF YOUR GLITCH.- YOU NEED TO FIX THE GODDAMN RACE, i know that most racing games would put some ugly♥♥♥♥♥driving pedestrians in the road so you'll ram the ♥♥♥♥ out of them and you'll fall and flying out of your motorcycle. but THAT DOESN'T MEAN YOU COULD PUT LOTS OF DRIVING PEDESTRIANS , A SMALL♥♥♥♥♥ROADS, A LOTS OF FENCE ON THE ROAD, A PHONE BOOTH THAT COULD SEND YOU FLYING WHEN YOU HIT THEM, AND THOSE SAVAGE RACER ALL AT ONCE. you'll fail when you fall from your vehicle in an instant, which is not fair considering in the motorcycle race most of the racer would ram you out, like ram you so that you'll hit the wall, or ramming you to the moving car so you'll fall from your vehicle. it does give you the thrill but its almost impossible. and fix your goddamn glitch.- The FIGHTING DODGE PROBLEM. I know if you're used to the fighting combat you could do it easily in times, but why the ♥♥♥♥ even after pressing the E button sometimes you just don't dodge it? I ram the ♥♥♥♥ing button and its still sometimes missed it. in the ""Sleeping Dogs"" its not like that, the dodging is just fine.- MISSION IMPOSSIBLE, some of the mission is just impossible without a glitch.- Etc. (I forgot the rest because THERE'S TOO MANY PROBLEMS)I love this game really, but the Definitive Edition is just too much. the controls are pretty bad, the glitch is just impossible, etc.Compared to the Sleeping Dogs, The Sleeping Dogs Definitive Edition is really Harder. GTA is still better than this, the fun the control everything is just much more better."
76561197981703839,Not Recommended,307690,23747354,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Metaler,"The only thing this game has going for itself is the fighting. Everything else is either terribly mediocre or downright attrocious. Unsatisfying and unresponsive gunplay (since when do you have unload an entire clip just to take down a minor thug?), terrible driving mechanics, and a boring, uninspired city with equally boring sidequests. True Crime was an incredibly boring game, and it looks like its spiritual successor followed suit.You want an actual good game about Asian gangsters? Play Yakuza. Seriously."
76561198086155165,Not Recommended,307690,26760590,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IMPATIENT GAMER,"THIS GAME NEEDS FIRST PERSON, CO OP,and AN ONLINE MODE"
,Not Recommended,307690,31496631,Posted: 1 May,all,CreamSoda,"Seems like it would be a lot of fun, but it crashes after every single mission and the game has to be restarted."
76561198384835059,Not Recommended,307690,33195896,Posted: 3 July,all,Mistaken.,Waste of money.
76561198029403467,Not Recommended,307690,25387144,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Too_Old_For_This,"mediocre GTA clone, very repetitive. I spent 30+ hours in this game but didn't find sushi restaurant  though 90% of characters speak japanese."
76561198332519846,Not Recommended,307690,26430117,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,LABRAT9512,"Wei Shen should have never said 'We're in Hong Kong, not China'"
,Not Recommended,307690,12746929,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Warrior Class,works like trash
,Not Recommended,307690,24038688,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,despacito,waste of money
,Not Recommended,307690,31495125,Posted: 1 May,all,[LoR] SilverFlame,multiple and random crashes to desktop occuring about every 15 minutes
,Not Recommended,307690,31523579,Posted: 3 May,all,Buffeting,"Horrible performance. My laptop is low-end but if it can run games like Far Cry 3 on low settings flawlessly, it should be able to run this as well.Spoiler: it doesn't.When I launched the main story, I waited on a loading screen for 3 minutes and when it finished, I was spawned without any cutscene, with about 5-10 FPS, and the person I was supposed to be 'chasing' was literally 2 km away, according to the marker. It also took the game 10 seconds to realise I was ""too far away from the target"" and I had 20 seconds to cath up or I would fail the mission. Meanwhile, my character jumped into a river when I had let off the controls for 2-3 seconds.Would not recommend if you have anything but a 1000$+ rig."
,Not Recommended,307690,12453958,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Xanthis,Wait for them to patch it.Laggy as Crap / 10
,Not Recommended,307690,34502812,Posted: 26 August,all,MashKyrielight,"A amazing game,but I choose Grand Theft Auto."
76561197994893428,Not Recommended,307690,12428249,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Bovine Blue,Bought the original a while back and could never get it to runthrough Steam.  I thought they would have fixed this problem for the Definitive Edition but still cant run this game.  A very poor effort considering this is a known issue.
,Not Recommended,307690,31403060,Posted: 27 April,all,"Sion ""Raz"" Robert","As a Chinese(Taiwanese spiritually), THIS IS SOMETHING I'M TOO USED TO THAT I CAN'T BE INTERESTED AT ALL."
76561198011658313,Not Recommended,307690,12432596,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Fletcher,crap crashes to desktop
76561198097157195,Not Recommended,307690,35147974,Posted: 23 September,all,adamthetao,Bugs/crashes-no fix from Devs-3/10
,Not Recommended,307690,35164115,Posted: 23 September,all,mint csgoroll.com,games fun but says it has coop....
76561197982345110,Not Recommended,307690,31503353,Posted: 2 May,all,Lioncash,"Too many bugs to count, can't believe this is acceptable in 2017."
,Not Recommended,307690,31131625,Posted: 14 April,all,♠️ Archangel ♦,Didn't find any sleeping dogs. Waste of my time.0/10
,Not Recommended,307690,25555980,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,OneManArmy,"Now, when it comes to good games I can be quite picky, but this one didn't pass my radar. I have been playing this ever since I was about 3 years old. I hated it *fart* and then I realised it was terrible"
,Not Recommended,307690,35176202,Posted: 24 September,all,Lucien Lachance,poor mechanics and outdated graphics
,Not Recommended,307690,30093447,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,Fun.
76561198130286603,Not Recommended,307690,31511522,Posted: 2 May,all,jsveholm,so... many... cutscenes... i just wanna play the game
76561198271444815,Not Recommended,307690,30082086,Posted: 21 February,all,diclikinggood,"Horrible optimization for 13 inches MBP w/TouchBar, can't even run this game smoothly! Even Tomb Raider outshines this game in graphical performance on my computer! Very not recommeded!!!!"
76561198085276713,Not Recommended,307690,30089792,Posted: 21 February,all,jimbotitanic,Another piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. So ♥♥♥♥ing infuriating. Im getting to the stage where I am thinking of selling my computer and going on a long holiday. Hang up my gaming boots and never going back.
,Not Recommended,307690,35034730,Posted: 17 September,all,Hello There,No trading cards
,Not Recommended,307690,30032392,Posted: 19 February,all,Eliter,Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥tbh
,Recommended,307690,18887949,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,BoXD,Delicious pork buns
,Recommended,307690,18880577,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,BlerRay,"This is a pretty much watered down version of GTA, but that doesn't mean that it isn't a great game. The story is pretty well written, and I've enjoyed it for the most part. The one thing that I would say is bad is the slow running xD. It's a pretty solid game."
76561198007147238,Recommended,307690,18781358,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,CrazyHorseBLS,A little buggy but it has a cool story.Game play is a lot like the batman series....counter driven combat.
,Recommended,307690,18835728,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Hiro Genjiro,well designed game!!! reanimate the HK atmosphere. great story . 10/10
,Recommended,307690,18841537,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sassy Bitch,"Thrown some dump ♥♥♥♥♥es down the stairs outside of my room everytime, and u will see them standing in the same spot next time.10/10Will throw the ♥♥♥♥♥es down again"
,Recommended,307690,30599256,Posted: 18 March,all,Genzus,"Very interesting story and side quests that feel like they are part of the main story and never get boring. There are many things to do in the game and the combat is very good , smooth and interactive. Parkour in the game is decent. You can upgrade your skills and moves in the game. Includes fun DLC, custom clothing , vehicles, etc..Overall rating: 8.0"
76561197972071236,Recommended,307690,18964797,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,|12.Iftr| Ttc. Pvt.Parts,"Uberous game. 5000 times better than GTA IV with which it presumably competes, and that's without even touching the kung fu."
,Recommended,307690,16052625,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Delirious Maximus,YOU LOOK LIKE YOU COULD USE A PORK BUN!
76561198047451313,Recommended,307690,19139320,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,gyffin,"So, you sit down to watch a Hong Kong action flick.  The rain seems to splash from the screen onto your lap.  The grit of the city lodges in your teeth and the smell of the cheap perfume wafting off the pleasure girls is near choking.  You flick your American knock-off cigarette into the gutter and slide into your high performance Italian knock-off sport coup.  It looks like another good night of racing down the streets.  Later on you get into a street brawl to further solidify your tong's supremacy.  When it all gets to be too much, the bubble gum pink of the karaoke lounge beckons to wash away your thoughts and your sins.  This is what playing Sleeping Dogs is like."
,Recommended,307690,30607158,Posted: 18 March,all,Radimay,"I have to say, the game was really enjoyable. Though towards the end of the game I noticed most of the side missions are just useless padding, In fact I feel in the main story there was a bit of padding. Regardless, I would recomend this game if its on sale. The game is like a wild rollor coaster iwth a few stops in between so you take a few pictures before you turn someone inside out."
76561198012833532,Recommended,307690,19056314,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Awesomo 2000,"This open world game is heavily underestimated though in mine opinion it is much better than most GTA titles. Set in Hong Kong (great exotic setting) with Arkham style combat. It doesn't outstay its welcome and gives you just enough activities to do in its world. Story is B-rated at best, but it is worth a try, especially with definitive edition uniting all the dlc. (with crazy stuff like zombies and demons popping out and you destroying them with power of Chinese tea in DLC)."
76561198103714182,Recommended,307690,19113715,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,OmPasha,Amazing..
76561198071936610,Recommended,307690,18884019,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Carson,"In my oppinion this game is one of my favorite games on steam. Really good cars, story and graphics. The only thing bad about this game is glitches (which are really funny) and that you cant own guns. most of the time you don't need them though, because the fighting in this game is amazing. I totally recommend this game."
76561198137547387,Recommended,307690,18872397,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,smt,"I like this game, but I wish the vehicles had cruise control and I really, deeply, wish they had an option to make the game leave your camera alone at all times.  I do not understand their fetish for taking control of your camera away from you and I wish they would release a patch enabling it to be turned off."
76561197996945605,Recommended,307690,19016371,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,-__________-,Good.
,Recommended,307690,18896742,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Pennywise The Dancing Clown,Dropped a lots of helmets on the streets of Hong Kong.11/10
76561198076755149,Recommended,307690,18816687,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,futwerk,Pros:Feels like you're living a Hong Kong action movie (John Woo/Jackie Chan hybrid)Cons:Hong Kong appears to be full of people with American accents
,Recommended,307690,19404017,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,EcO7XaVi,A lot better than GTA IV in the storyline and graphics!
76561198011917960,Recommended,307690,19415600,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,jamesdeanporsche,"I have to give this game a negative score based on my personal reasons. I give this game a 3 out of five only because of technical problems. The game would get a five if it actually worked right. I had to order a copy for the Xbox One. I am running the game on Windows 7. My cpu is an AMD 6300, 8gigs of ram and, Nvidia GTX750 ti graphics card. I can play the game but every ten minutes without fail, I get a black screen. I have to pause the game with the controller and, then hit the windows button on my keyboard. The black screen will disappear and, I will see the pause screen. I can then resume playing. Then ten minutes later it repeats. I have tried everything I can think of to resolve the problem nothing has helped. I can not find an answer online either. If anyone knows of a solution please let me know.I found out what was causing my black screen problem. The solution was simple. Turns out it was my monitor turning itself off every ten minutes. Now before you call me a moron let me explain myself, I have over 94 games on my steam account. Sleeping Dogs is the only game that did this to me until, I bought The Evil Within and, it did the same thing. I thought that that game was messed up too. On a hunch i connected my Nvidia Shield tablet turned on Game Stream and, started to play on my TV. After ten minutes the TV was still playing but, the monitor went to black screen. I put two and two together and adjusted my power options on the PC no more black screen. I find it odd that no other games on my list do this but, these two. Anyway maybe this will help someone out. I now give this game five stars."
,Recommended,307690,19378398,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,HeavenFrostZ,"If you like GTA, you may like this game. It's the same style of game but something different."
,Recommended,307690,19381707,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,"Good story, fun fighting mechanics that are just real enough, and plenty of missions make this modern-day martial arts movie of a game a huge value for money. The few imperfections are more than made up for with the accessible fun factor. A truly well-rounded sandbox adventure game. And it's in Hong Kong, baby! Worth the full price or more, but get it on sale, it may be the best value for money of any game."
,Recommended,307690,19488384,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,RIPstank,Worth every penny when on sale!
,Recommended,307690,19500022,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,.Mikasa`,"Good game. Everyone still compare dis game with Watch Dogs, but actually each game has its own fans. So for me both are good."
76561197983944075,Recommended,307690,19392818,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,fliptrikster,"Great game. Seems a little wrong to call it a GTA clone, because I might like it better! Excellent fighting system, great driving and shooting, diverse mission types. Plus a pretty easy perfect game, if you want to devote the time. Can't go wrong, highly recommended."
,Recommended,307690,19392948,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Major Witty,"Hand to hand, story, driving, and music all add up to make this game pretty sweet."
76561197971484262,Not Recommended,307690,19393218,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,iamthebtlrobinson,"Bought in sale as was looking forward to playing it but get a CTD straight after starting new game, no fix worked to requested refund"
,Recommended,307690,19416275,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Alson Entuna,All I got to say is this is one of the best games that I've ever played my whole life
,Not Recommended,307690,19437994,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,GamingFTW456,never got my DLC :/ what happened there guys?
,Recommended,307690,18799300,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Lucky9000,"Edit: Thanks to Amigomatt his way of fixing the game for windows 10 crashing worked, so now I can change the review. Just disable the service ""Touch keyboard and handwriting panel service."" It worked for me so it may work for others, if not sorry.I will update the review more after I play the game more.Old review:The game itself is fun and enjoyable but, if you have a windows 10 you may aswell skip it, the game would crash roughly every 20 minutes even during cutscenes, I had the game for awhile so i decided to try it recently, sadly for me I was on a W10, so the lesson here is make sure you play your backlogs early, or else when you go to play it on a new OS and it may not work.Tl;drbuy it if you don't have windows 10, there seems to be no priority to patch for windows 10 right now."
76561198235786606,Recommended,307690,30266218,Posted: 1 March,all,meczko87,"Get it if you can!I really liked the Zodiac Tournament, like a Bruce Lee movie in a Bruce Lee movie.Time to grab some pork bun..."
,Recommended,307690,30465926,Posted: 12 March,all,G$,"I spent some time living in Shanghai China in my 20's and had to make Visa runs to Hong Kong every 6 months or so. I fell in love with that city.. I am back in Canada now and have some fond memories of that time in my life. They managed to capture the life and vibe of the city in this game. It was like going back to visit it again but from the comfort of my home (and withought the expensive plane ticket). The story and graphics were quite good as well. It was like GTA but with a distict vibe of its own. Like the Kung fu battles and level ups. And the Face Meter :) I like how getting a ""massage"" boosts your face for the day. Anyway I would strongly recommend this game to anyone who spent time in Hong Kong or anyone who liked GTA... 2 big thumbs up from this ""Guillo"".. that means white devil in Cantonese. :)CheersG$"
,Recommended,307690,30459110,Posted: 11 March,all,gkscotty,"An absolutely excellent game. Combat's excellent, driving feels real nice, story's arresting (if seeming a bit rushed in a few spots) and the atmosphere is superb.The ingame Hong Kong is a hell of a good setting and Wei is an interesting and conflicted character with well developed motivations and backstory. Oh, and the Zodiac Tournament was amazing. Strikes a great tone between gritty and bombastic, with crunching counter attacks and cars flying into the air when shot enough. Always fun to watch.Downsides - my main problem was a couple of difficulty spikes, a few missions not being so well-balanced:- a couple where you have to escape from the police in a car, where they blew my car up within about a0 seconds of starting about 5 times in a row.- one where you have to escape from 18000 bikers in a car. Had to switch to mouse controls for that instead of joypad, felt pretty much impossible otherwise.- any drug bust in a sewer where the bad guys had guns. If you struggle with this, get the Legendary Outfit that gives you an assault rifle with a grenade launcher.Overall, definitely recommended.Completed the game, not played the DLC scenarios yet."
,Recommended,307690,14472047,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Citibrax,Sleeping dogs is one of the best open world gta like game
,Recommended,307690,14473239,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,OCTON,"This is GTA in honkong with kungfu, parkour and ultra violence! 10/10 -IGN"
76561198145162811,Recommended,307690,14473508,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,RigatoniPasta,Freaking amazing Kung-Fu kickass mother ♥♥♥♥ing cop thug....
,Recommended,307690,14474001,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Maniac,walked up into a hospital and drop kicked a nurse... would play again 10/10
76561198042767445,Recommended,307690,14586958,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,M1N1B34R,"for the original version :I love the game, althought the design of the city is not really the real Hong Kong but you get the ambience ( well less the MTR) , if you like hongkong action movies you gonna love the game. it pretty much the same like GTA combined with max payne plus some kungfu action. IMHO The size of the city is just right not too big, but not to small hence this is the only free roaming game that i played to the end after GTA vice city. if you have not owned this i suggest you buy the Definitive Edition.Definitive Edition : unless you have a good rig, this will not have any additional  feature. ( i bought this version too *sigh*). i just noted that the city is much more crowded than the original (but not too sure), so you get the hongkong feel a bit more. the DLC also have been integrated, but other than that everything is much more the same. i still recommend to buy this version for those who have not purchase the sleeping dogs original."
,Recommended,307690,20157818,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Nuggy Gaming Disco | NGD,"very good story, many variety fighting style.. DIM MAK is the best!"
,Recommended,307690,19880901,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mooz,"If you're a huge fan of the original game, then by all means pick this up (when at least 75% off). It really has been nicely improved  in the graphics dept. including directx 11 effects; the world is a lot more populated (more pretty Asian babes! :) - and beware it's quite easier to get innocents accidentally killed!); and finally more keys can be rebound (so lefties can use the arrows*).Otherwise for new players, this game definitely ranks up there with the best open-world mission-based action games, so no need to hestiate deciding. :)*However about the keys: While they added a command for the phone so you can take it off the up arrow, they stupidly forgot to add commands for dropping an item you picked up (down arrow), and for changing radio stations in a vehicle (left/right arrows). The former is no big deal, as long as you remember not to backup on-foot too much when holding something like a weapon; but the latter means you should probably still use alternative keys for driving, like the keypad.**Another key anomaly is the game allows you to set the same key for the on-foot command used for entering a vehicle, and any other driving command. So if you use that key while driving, you will perform that driving command AND jump out of the vehicle! The text for the enter vehicle command should really say enter/exit, but they should have at least not let the same key be set for any driving command. Yet another key binding quirk is mouse4 is not recognized, it always sets mouse5 for some reason.**Nevermind that now, it's just too annoying. So luckily there's a cool utility called AutoHotkey that can be used to remap the arrow keys by force and be done with it.So except for the worst key binding implementation probably ever, this updated game is very solid and enjoyable beyond belief. Just prepare yourself for the karaoke selections...... :O"
,Recommended,307690,16092675,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Hemp_Smoker07,"Great game, only played the karaoke mini game 9/11"
,Recommended,307690,20121796,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,KIckASSREMix,if you have got a load of free tiem and a ♥♥♥♥ing beast of a pc this is the Game For YouSleeping dogs:lag edition
76561198094809495,Recommended,307690,20139089,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Moist Towelette,Overall great game. I loved the fighting mechanics they differ from what you would usually except from your typical gangster styled game. The graphics were decent but I rarely consider those when evaluating a game. The story was pretty damn good.
,Recommended,307690,20189295,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Near,"Nice game, nice history but the protagonist looks distant to the main history like he doesn't even care about what is happening. However the controls are akward. 8/10"
,Recommended,307690,20230207,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,StevenChoon,One of the best games after GTA
,Recommended,307690,20231003,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ASAP Akram™,"Wanna buy a GTA/Saints Row like game, that's cheaper and includes all the incredibly cool looking DLCs? Buy Sleeping Dogs!Wanna get a massage by a hot girl, buy Sleeping Dogs!Wanna do some karate and some epic parkour, Sleeping Dogs is just for you!Wanna go into a club that looks like a strip club but really isn't and has karaoke, BUY SLEEPING DOGS :D10/10 :D"
76561198193944650,Recommended,307690,20185432,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Babblebabblebitchbitch,arrogance of gta with non chalance of saints row.. sexy game..
,Recommended,307690,20196807,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bog Yarzon,I haven't gotten a chance to play GTA V.  I have been hesitant to spend the money.  I don't need to now.  This game fulfills every pleasure I'd have hoped from GTA.  Though the game stands out somehow as unique.The story is well-written and the graphics are beautiful.Running around as a talented thug/unbreakable cop doesn't hurt either.
,Recommended,307690,20192756,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Spwoon,"Ate pork buns and became a whole man.Fun game! Tons of action, great story, amazing cast.Got it on sales and it was totally worth it.10/10."
76561198174444967,Recommended,307690,20199808,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,locomotive282,"Great graphics, great characters, open world title fans should eat this up with chopsticks and dip in soy sauce,"
,Recommended,307690,20197623,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dracolynx,Great game.
76561198000083140,Recommended,307690,20162750,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Deathwish,absolutly love this game
76561198073420766,Recommended,307690,20064371,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Turtle,"Have you ever finished watching a Donnie Yen movie like Flashpoint, Special ID, Ip Man or Legend of the Fist and had the sudden urge to 10 finger death touch your girlfriends annoying cat, but refrain because your inner hero says it's not the right thing to do? Then you need this game. The world and gamestyle is very GTA-ish, but the combat....  oh the Wushu styled marial art combat makes the gameplay 10x better than GTA for my personal taste in a game. Only had the game a couple hours and already I know this will be game to finish and replay just for the combat sequences.  GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,307690,20062270,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jlobh,Story is awesome!GTA in an Asian setting.I would rate it a 4/5
76561198176803547,Recommended,307690,20024217,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Amagerbro,"Feels like a much improved version of the old school True Crime games adding in some features similar to GTA.  Despite buying several big name titles during the winter sale, this is the one I can't seem to put down.  Highly recommended purchase especially if it's on sale.  You'll also learn how to swear in Cantonese (added bonus)."
,Recommended,307690,20024490,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,x64,"Introduction to The GameBoy was I suprised to find out what a blast this game was. This is a very underrated game. If anyone has played True Crime series this game is very similar in all the best ways. This game has so much chineese culture, its gritty, its beautiful. Hong Kong feels alive in this game. You start the game as an undercover cop who gains access to a local Triad gang and you climb the ranks within the Triad and gain the trust from the gang to the point where they really become your brothers and you feel incredibly connected with them.GameplayThe gameplay is fantastic. The combat system is incredibly robust and fun to use, its similar to Assasins Creed or the Batman games, there are many combos to perform and it heavily relies on counters to survive long battles. It has environmental kills just like the Rocksteady Batman games do and those are always a blast to activate.The driving in this game is actually pretty awesome. It isveryarcade like but i find that it fits very well. There are plenty of cars to choose from and the garage system works fantastic so you can buy and use your cars easily.PerformanceThe performance for this game is phenominal. I had no issues, no stutters just beautiful 60 FPS and the graphics looks fantastic. This truly is a beautiful game. It runs fine on Windows 10 as well.The StoryThe Story in this is truly immersive and you grow with the characters. Wei Shen, who is the main character is very relatable. You feel for him as he slowly loses his mind during this very stressful undercover cop job. I really don't want to spoil the story for you guys. Pick it up and see for yourself.DLCThe DLC that comes with this game seems to be... rather odd. I'm not yet finished with it but I probably wouldn't bother playing it. I have completed the first DLC,Sleeping Dogs: Nightmare in North PointWhich I will rate 5/10.""Meh"" If you enjoyed the sleeping dogs combat that much then by all means play this DLC as its just more combat and it takes about an hour to complete. The story in this DLC is very lackluster, you defeat a Ressurected character from the main story.The second DLC,Year of the snakeI have not completed yet. I have played for a bit and it seems that you are a Police Officer instead of an undercover cop which seems really cool and you carry out jobs that a typical police officer would do.Final VerdictAll in all this game is an underrated masterpeice. The DLC's are not must plays but the main game is truly one of my favourite games that I have ever played. I am very happy that I picked it up during the Winter sale of 2015. If you are thinking about buying this game, go right ahead, you have my approval and you wont be dissapointed.9.5/10pick this up if its on sale!"
76561198161162188,Recommended,307690,20257395,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,♔ Morek,basically gta at hong kong with lower res and graphics
76561198121904117,Recommended,307690,20252303,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Faust,"I'm not a true fan of GTA, and this was a spectacular substitute: visceral, compelling, and gritty. The gameplay and the world created are brilliant. The only trick is remembering to drive on the left side of the road."
76561198022266545,Recommended,307690,14671703,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Jacko®,"Jacko Rating8/10This was a 7/10 for the original release but the Definitive Edition gains the extra mark for having remastered graphics and including all the DLC for 1 price.The game itself is great and it is simply awesome to run around Hong Kong and brutally beat your way through hoards of gangsters and martial arts challenges whilst cruising around in cars, bikes and boats.Graphics are great with the lighting and characters getting big facelfts, the audio was always great and the voice acting second to none but the big pull to this game is that it is an Open World Story Driven Beatem Up as I am now labeling it.Some have called it GTA with a martial arts focus rather than relient on firearms but it really gives you more of an immersed feel than GTA making you feel like a young Bruce Lee back in his early film career.My favorite part is the Tournement (DLC) which is a copy of Enter the Dragon (Bruce Lee) but the whole game is epic.If you already own all the DLC and obviously the original game then its not a smart purchase unless like me you are a big fan of this game and can happily spend time doing it all again but in a more refined edition.  If you don't have all the DLC then buy now and enjoy one of the most surprising and entertaining games I have played in a couple years.Superb!"
,Recommended,307690,14672102,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,babushka w the 4k,"ahhh, where do I start. This game could be veiwed as an amzing game with great aspects, but I there are very well bad aspects too.As in open world we are used to something like GTA or Assasins creed or Saints Row, although Sleeping Dogs does succefuly bring something new to the table. Being a very capable charcter (Wei Shen) in an unused setting (Hong Kong). In a nutshell, Wei is a Chinnese male, but spent most of his teenage life growing up in San Fransisco developing an American accent and great english. He moves back to Hong Kong as an undercover police officer working for the HKPD attempting to infiltrate the notorious gangsters of Hong Kong (The Triad). So through out the story it is bassically the life of being a ganster and a police offcier and leaning towards one or the other. Wei is also an outstanding martialartist having a great combat system that becomes very well known though out the game. Not only is the game fun as well it managaes to pull off a really great story line deciding on wether the cop life  or gangster life is better. But in the end this ""Big decsion"" of what path Wei was going to follow never hapaned. The ending was extremly rushed and uncalled for. Overrall I DEFINETLY reccomend buying the game, but you may or may not like it. This game really comes down to personnal opinion. For me I love this game, so next steam sale buy it and give it a shot.Positives:Great combatGood story lineFun side missionsGreat enviorinmentGame lasts for awhile keeps you wanting to play more 20-30 hoursGood voice acting, good mix between Chinese and EnglishLoading screens shortEasy to navigate and get aroundGood acheivmentsNegatives:Awful camera angelDecent graphicsDriving is really choppy and not entertainingAnnoying glithchesBoring after gameBad endingLack of customizationOverral I would give it a 8.5/10I reccomend it"
,Recommended,307690,14457939,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,BobbyBobkins,"GTA the chinese version. This game introduces gang system and chinese tradition, must say its pretty damn accurate, you hurt one of the gang members, they come for your whole damn family, hell, most victim have really nasty death. Vehicle controls in this game is hard to control, when you're using the keyboard of course, idk bout controller. Combat system is similar to the Batman Arkham games, yer good ol, watch a person go red and press the counter key kind of thing, sometimes the counter don't register so yea, not as perfect as the Batman system. Gunfights are introduced like after 1/4 of the game, but this game encourages hand-to-hand combat, plus you can unlock combos which is pretty cool and similar to Batman Arkham games.Thing I don't like bout this game is that the dating missions are too short, its like a hit and run thing, after like 1-2 missions together, they disappear, forever, look at Amanda, after your date with her, she disappears forever. I looked her up on wiki to see whats up and found out she was seen flirting with other chinese men and I'm like, dafuq? well Russian girl is #1 cuz why not, she does parkour other than the other girls, a club host, a tech weirdo, and a ""car-fanatic"".8.5/10 Good game"
,Recommended,307690,14462660,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,大麺DaiMen,"Sleeping Dogs to me is a new open world experience. Myself being from Singapore,I can finally drive in left sided traffic for the 1st time in my gaming world just like my daily life. There is even a construction signboard from Singapore very own construction site. Hong Kong is a immerisve place to roam and being in Hong Kong myself many years ago, It is almost the same experience but in gaming. Sun Oh Yee or 18K are real gangs in but with a changed name (Sun Yee Oh and 22K in real) which depict well the situation and problems Hong Kong has in real life. The game has the best combat system compared to other open world games such as GTA or Saint Row. Many compared it to Batman Arkam series which I feel too are similar well design to deliver fun in button smashing. I gotta the original version and bought the definitive edition as well,I will advise not to unless you bought the original version without the whole dlc. The graphic only inprove on neon light reflection and the texture is the same as HD-resolution pack in original. If you have never played Sleeping Dogs,you should definitiely try this remaster. There is still many bugs in the games but doesnt affect completion of the game,the remaster really give Hong Kong the busyness Hong Kong has. The increase in human AI population is a good move. I would really like to see a sequel to it,since Wei Shen is expose as a cop now. The next game maybe Wei Shen plays as a high level police officer like Pendrew and hire another uncover cop to explore Sleeping Dog world again just maybe. Thx for reading the review. Cheers :)Pro:  Good combat systemCultural expereienceEasy driving systemGraphical improvement looks good and graphically demanding even for PCCon:  Bugs still exist but doesnt affect progress of gamePhone reception tracking mission with confusing instructionThings to improve:The bugsFlying in this game such as airplaneModding is able in this game"
,Recommended,307690,15907782,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,☆½☆,"it crashes during the club bam bam mission everytime, through my research trying to solve this issue ive found most people whove purchassed this game have the same problem with various missions with no solution. plus whats up with the mods my ♥♥♥♥♥?? frfr this game is 10/8 if it werent on that fufu lame♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont be a♥♥♥♥♥♥about ya games. make em right, make em moddable, dont release em before you debug em or else evryone who buys it just wasted 30 bucks.5/10all i can do is beat up chinese hoes in free roam, fix the goddamn mission crashes"
,Recommended,307690,16156794,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Big Pump,Game Of The Year. Nuff say.
76561198174501685,Recommended,307690,16159163,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Rap-Fer-88,Great game with a lot of stuff to do! Hong Kong is a great open-world setting and it is something different compared to GTA. Just buy it and you've got great 40+ hours of content (all DLC etc.)!
76561198124597009,Recommended,307690,16195307,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,rpkamm,"Sleeping Dogs is a crime genre sandbox game, or a ""Grand Theft Auto clone"" if you prefer. It's different enough in tone and mechanics that I don't feel that label is entirely fair, though.For a start, Sleeping Dogs is more grounded and 'realistic' than any of the GTA games. It's set in an accurately recreated Hong Kong instead of a fictional city, and rather than the story functioning as a vehicle for satire it's a well crafted tribute to gritty Hong Kong cop movies like Police Story and Hard Boiled.The melee combat in this game is excellent. It's a lot like Batman Arkham Asylum or Assassin's Creed, but with more varied and fluid moves. Fighting feels fast-paced and brutal - protagonist Wei Shen can break arms and legs and use the environment to kill enemies (nothing like impaling some poor sucker on a fishhook or slamming their head in a car door). Despite the noted rarity of guns in Hong Kong, you'll get into quite a few gunfights as well. The shooting mechanics are solid enough and Max Payne style bullet time when you vault over cover and disarm enemies is very cool. The driving mechanics are the weakest link; lower-level cars have stiff handling and higher-level cars are seriously twitchy. Driving boats is a tremendous chore.So should you get this game? If you enjoy GTA-like games for the crazy amounts of destruction you can wreak on the streets, then bear in mind Sleeping Dogs is much more subdued - no planes or helicopters, no freely available rocket launchers to use on the police, no jetpacks. But it does have a much stronger and better-paced story than any other crime sandbox game I've played, with a well developed cast of characters and a world that feels real and full of life. Unlike newer GTAs, there are also collectables that give you bonuses, giving you a reason to explore every rooftop and alleyway.And you can shove a taxi driver in the trunk of his own car, drive toward the ocean and bail. Or dress up like Bruce Lee and beat up huge crowds of triads. Or deliberately screw up karaoke as hard as possible in order to irritate people at a club. So if your taste in video game sociopathy is more subtle, Sleeping Dogs has you covered."
76561197998109136,Recommended,307690,16162134,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Smurf,"Surprisingly great buy!I was recommended this by a friend. Bought it as soon as it went on sale and don't regret it. It's not perfect by any means, very repetitive, but the plot is nice. I can't say the writing is even close to perfect. Rather, the main story writing is okay. The problem is everything not on the main story. There will be moments where you can woo (""date"") some particular women in the game. Don't be discouraged by anything that might happen. I don't want to spoil anything even though it's so bad after the fact that it's almost worth just telling you about it. Just take everything the game gives you when it comes to the writing and let the confusion begin; don't think too hard on it.Not much to say on the characters; they're all pretty good (EXCEPT the women you date). Believable even. All the way up to the very end; keep that much in mind.Gameplay is okay. It's fairly amusing at first. Once you're able to drive, you'll think, ""hey Hong Kong GTA,"" or something of the sort; until you can't control your vehicle very well and notice running over people while the cops aren't looking and not getting chased due to that fact is weird. You'd think there'd be people you aren't running over calling the cops, but there's actually a score for consecutive hit and runs. You can have the population set to extreme and watch these people fly like bowling pins. Hysterical and sad at the same time, if one were referring to ""funny"" when they say hysterical.The fighting is good. This is the part that gets repetitive. If you've played the newer Batman games, this system of fighting will be familiar to you. As soon as you figure out the window of opportunity for counters you'll be good to go.The game has a lot of exploring to be done and it's not a bad thing. I have yet to see and even do everything, but they have little rewards placed in everywhere which seem to make me think it's their way of having you see all the effort they put into making the game.Pick this game up if you have a chance. You still might wanna wait for a sale; you know how Steam works. Summer sale is coming soon, so that'll be your opportunity to grab this. Just think of it like a different GTA if you like that sort of thing."
,Not Recommended,307690,16556623,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,FoxGlove,"This game looks great. the game play is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. now if they can get their ♥♥♥♥ing mechanics right it would be an awesome game. at first i thought i was noobing it up and couldn't counter worth♥♥♥♥♥♥ then i sat there for litteraly hours doing the same mission OVER and ♥♥♥♥ing OVER. trying it again. then proceeded to practice countering. tap E. hold E. smash E. almost break your ♥♥♥♥ing keyboard pressing E because you know you pressed E. again you are face down eating japanese asssssssphalt. so i replugged my keyboard and started up Assassins Creed, jumped into a crowd of 15+ guys countered them all to ♥♥♥♥ING DEATH.  1/10"
,Recommended,307690,16558561,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cyberwolf33,">Steals a taxi>Pulls to a curb and checks phone for something>Guy gets in""Do I look like a taxi driver to you!?""Pretty good game.(In all seriousness, it has some bugs and the story is what it is, but the game was well made, and the DLC was very enjoyable, albeit short. If you've got the money, I would recommend it to anyone. Oh, but don't get to attached. To anyone.)"
76561198048001207,Recommended,307690,16562014,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,BlueLabel,Great game!
76561198076766970,Recommended,307690,16564009,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pigeon,"Pros-Good fighting-Great characters with good dialouge-Beautiful landscape(Only Aberdeen, North point, and Central look good)Cons-Driving is preety terrible to be honest-The Fat Enemys are a pain to beat-Not enough enemys to fight if you free roam.Overall you should buy this game. Its very good and it has a healthy amount of missions."
,Recommended,307690,16539384,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Insomniac,"Honestly this game is too much.There's something beautifully wrong with weaving in and out of traffic on a motorcycle, getting the cop cars on your tail to crash into the other cars along the road, all to the tune of Khachaturian's Sabre Dance. There's something sadistically sacrilegious about plowing through crowds of pedestrians in an armored van while blasting Handel's Hallelujah. All in the name of keeping your undercover cop identity hidden and the Triads thinking you're actually just a crazy♥♥♥♥♥hole, of course."
76561198168286370,Recommended,307690,16545452,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Spill,'How would you like a pork bun?'Great game...worth the money.If you like martial arts. Triad/gangster films then this game is for you.The story had me hooked from the beginning and all the characters acting is done very well.The open world looks gorgeous and is big enough to spend enough time just driving around.Best part for me was the Zodiac Tournament.....it felt like I was in a real Bruce Lee movie.Only cons I can think of are some missions may feel a bit samey and at times the vehicle handling is a bit poor.This game has made me carry on playing after completion to get the collectibles and not many games do that.I would score this 8.5/10.
,Recommended,307690,16400059,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,GR1FF1N,"Very story rich and despite being dated, is an amazing work of art. It explores hong kong as a police officer who has gone under cover but ends up losing himself in the gang he was meant to infiltrate..."
,Recommended,307690,16403657,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,oddduk,"+ Excellent graphics+ Professional voice acting keeps cut scenes entertaining+ Solid driving physics (not as good as GTA)+ Many activities and collectables, but some are repetitive fillers+/- Tricky fight mechanics make early game segments frustrating, but it does get easier as you acquire new techniques+/- Story starts strong but runs out of fuel toward the end, Wei is an unconvincing protagonist+/- Beautiful city filled with lots of things to do, but doesn't feel alive and real (like GTA)- Spamming attacks and combos to slowly wear down the same crowd of bad guys (always about 10 of them, come in 4 different flavors)- Limited gun availability/action detracts from open-world funI would say that Sleeping Dogs is more akin to Saints Row than GTA. The world is a beautiful and lively representation of Hong Kong, although not a recreation. Still, you always get the feeling of restriction rather than freedom. Almost every part of the world is built with a purpose in mind, for a mission, a shop, or an activity. There isn't any part of the world that is just there to add to the world, like in GTA. There's not much reason to just explore, because if you do all the activities, you'll see every set piece, and the nooks and crannies in between, because they are all filled with collectables and things to do, much like Saints Row. Nothing really wrong with that, put it makes the game world feel more like a mouse maze filled with numerous pieces of cheese.The story starts strong, with the very intriguing prospect of playing as an undercover cop trying to bust up a Mafia operation, and builds apprehensively toward protagonist Wei being forced to make to a difficult moral decision, but in the end, uses a corrupt police boss as an easy out for what could have been a very intriguing good guy/bad guy choice for the player to have to make. Instead the story flames out into a (mostly) happily-ever-after ending that was, well, a major letdown. This is easily the worst part of the game, and a great reason why there won't be a sequel.The combat, which has been compared to the Batman: Arkham series, is the bread and butter of this game. It can be both very satisfying and very frustrating. You're given a multitude of ways to dispose of your enemies: punch combos, throws, weapons, environmental kills, tossing them over balconies, and of course, counter-attacks, which are crucial to master early on if you are to deal with the crowds of bad guys who will surround you for most of the game. Thankfully, they tend to only attack one or two at a time, much like the movies, and once you learn when to mash the counter button, you'll be alright. After a while, even the better moves feel lame and repetitive, and you're never able to mow through the garden variety baddies even in the late game, you'll have to spam the same power moves at least 3 times to make them stay down. Ugh.The shooting bits, which become more numerous as the game progresses, are standard cover shooting fare, and for the most part, pretty easy. Except for these certain parts, you will not carry a gun around the open world. You can, but they are not easy to aquire, so you won't be able to run about and cause havoc, or have standoffs with the cops like in GTA. I suppose that makes sense given the context of the game, but it definitely subtracts an element of fun from the game.There are many activities and collectables that fill the game world, some fun, others repetitive, but at least you can't say there's nothing to do. I know there are differing opinions of collect-a-thons, especially in games like this that mainly focus on the action, but I like it because it's a nice incentive to go see and experience the game world, steering you towards places you might otherwise ignore. Sleeping Dogs makes it super easy, too. Putting all the collectables on the map so you won't waste one bit of extraneous time searching for them. Other activities include standard fare like racing, strongholds, assassinations, and a dull yet very appropriate karaoke activity.8.25/10As a fan of sandbox, GTA style games, I definitely enjoyed Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition. The story kept me going most of the way, but in the end was a bummer, and I don't think I would have sank as much time into this game had I known the writers would have taken what I felt was the lazy way out of the good cop/bad cop dichotomy that hooked me to begin with. Recommended for all Saints Row and martial arts fans."
,Recommended,307690,16391158,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Zoffix Znet,"It's a shame so many negative reviewers comment on the quality of the 'Definitive Edition', yet the aggregated rating affects the score of the game itself. It made me pass by this game once and I'm very glad I came back and bought it.It's definitely an amazing game. I haven't played the non-definitive edition, so I can't comment on how much this edition improves it. If you've never played Sleeping Dogs, definitely buy this.It's essentially a GTA-type game, set in Hong Kong. You're an undercover police officer, infiltrating a large criminal organization, several members of which are your childhood friends. There's tension right there and the writing is so amazing, this keeps up for the whole game.What stuns me the most is the little tidbits and detail that many modern games lack. The populace all look different—it's not the same model recycled a billion of times. Half-way through the game I noticed an old fella with a cane walking on a sidewalk among the crowd. When I just started playing, I bumped into a woman, she started yelling at me, I grabbed her by the lapels and smashed her into the wall, and several men from the crowd started attacking me. See what I mean?Pros:Amazing writing. Better than any film, book, or game I've enjoyed in a long while. Deep, believable characters. Amazing plotAmazing detail of the setting: you feel the world is alive and people are real people, not cookie-cutter clone modelsVoice acting is fantastic. The main character's actor impressed me more than once. You can spot big shots like Emma Stone (Amanda) and Lucy Liu (Vivienne Lu) in the credits.Your primary means of fighting is Kung Fu type moves. There are tons of various, unlockable moves and you have to think what to use, depending on the enemy. It's not just mindless button-mashingYou get many different (and often hilarious) outfits that alter your statsYou can leap from car to car, to switch your rideYou can press a button to ram other cars, inflicting ridiculous amounts of damageLots of hilarity due to a glitchy valet smashing your carsYou eventually get a super car with turrets!Good bang for the buck: it took me 31 hours to complete exactly half (got a badge) of side missions and the entire main questCons:Graphics aren't the best. Main elements and characters are quite detailed, but I once came up to a woman in a restaurant who barely had a face. On average, I'd say it's half-way between Half-Life 1 and Far Cry 4.This edition is not optimized, so even on my very high-end PC, I had to run on ""medium"" settings to get 144 FPS on 1440p resolutionBoats suck. Completely broken physics and turning. Luckily, you only have to use them just a couple times.Gun fights are a bit too arcade, compared to proper modern shootersOnly one difficulty setting: game is tough at the start, but very quickly becomes incredibly easyThe ""world"" record boards for various in-game achievements are ridiculous. The longest car jump I've done is about 70m, yet the #1 rank has something around 1500m. Hack? Glitch? I've no idea, but you're not getting your name on those boards."
76561198120420935,Recommended,307690,16036054,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,IgnAtio,Nice story with great graphics
76561198040135536,Recommended,307690,16039169,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,calebsfullreturn,"so far so good , weird thing with the settings but still enjoyable, well worth the 7.50 i paid..!"
,Recommended,307690,30486297,Posted: 13 March,all,pLayMate,"This is a must play for every GTA lover. It has a great story, likable characters and a ton of content.There are many side activites, like arresting punks on the streets, racing with triads, fighting in martial arts clubs, singing karaokes"
76561198125939000,Recommended,307690,17810592,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,clwesty17,This game may be a few years out of date compared to GTA V but I still recommend it well worth your money
76561198125751994,Recommended,307690,14549361,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,That irate pirate,"the driving in this game is very close to grand theft auto fours except for these two things when jumping out of the car when pulling out a gun and shooting is bad to the ♥♥♥♥ing bone and the car jacking when jumping hint easter egg guess which square enix game. these two mechanics is what saves the driving in this game. when you goto shooting its what ever sort of ripping on maxpayne 3 a wee bit but only difference is when driving you can shoot in slow mo and in combat you can only disarm and shoot in slow mo or jump over in cover and shoot slow mo. the story is great but not going to explain it though. but i give this game a 3/5 stars due to sloppy driving mechanics, buggy camera angles that have not been adressed with for a while and the shooting is meh. but the fight assassins creed style with some batman and bruce lee"
76561198024122764,Recommended,307690,30517418,Posted: 14 March,all,Kush Daddy,"Fantastic game. It's been a long time since I played something that actually hooked me into it for more than an hour. Probably because this game has a mix of many things that I enjoy. Kung-Fu, open-world games, another culture, a great story, and it's actually a finished game.Everything from the characters to the environment drew me in. Missions are exciting, driving is also fun and responsive (trade-off being it's kind of twitchy), the game is pretty well optimized and reflections are also very good everywhere. Sleeping Dogs has a good balance of drama-filled violence with more steady and relaxing missions in-between.I would actually be willing to replay this whole thing again very soon. And I never say that about any game. I always have to wait at least a year or so to touch it again just so it feels kind of new.For such a great game though it also has more bugs and lacking features than I thought it would. A lot of it is simple stuff too that shouldn't take too long for a developer to sort out or add. Some things are:AI talking with hand gestures but there's a rifle in that hand, crashes during police missions, scripted chase events where the enemy would be stuck behind an obstacle, cars usually don't honk if you get dangerously close to them especially in the opposite lane, cops don't give a crap if you're destorying propery, my firearm randomly disappears when holstered, and sometimes if you're trapped in a bear hug you can't get out cause the game thinks you have to kick someone away first.Anything else that isn't intentinal is usually hilarious and makes the game more amusing. Like the flag girl getting wrecked by the other cars at the start of a race.I like how the hacking and break-in elements to this game are relatively easy but not completely pointless. I hate spending more time than I have to to break into something in other games. Either because it's too hard or I don't want to do the extra work to figure out something so miniscule to the overall game. that usually will ruin it for me. But Sleeping Dogs does just fine with this.I just wish the DLC was much better. Both can be beaten in just over an hour each. The zombie one was just stupid because all your doing is beating up hopping zombies and undead main characters. Although Wei had more badass fight moves in that one. The cop one I thought was better but again it didn't really offer much. I was also hoping the Zodiac Tournament was going to be some tough journey of defeating fighters one by one until I became champion, cause that one had it's own intro to it. But again this felt like it was cut way short. If more work was added to all these areas then this would be my number one game, and it almost is. Despite all this, I couldn't be more glad to play Sleeping Dogs."
,Recommended,307690,17794550,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Da_Ninja007,"So You want to buy Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition. Well I would like to let you know That this game Is what would happen if Grand Theft Auto was set in Hong Kong. (Fun fact this game was supposed to be called True crime Hong kong as a part of the True crime series)You play as a undercover cop on the streets of Hong Kong. My first day of playing it was Like a begining of a immersive story. I Instantly played straight for 5 day's just form the story.The animations will sometimes break the immersion and fast travel you dont get until later on. but over all It's a great game and I would recconmend anyone to buy this because, This version includes all the DLC.If I had to give it a score I would give it a 6.5 out of 10."
76561198018319411,Recommended,307690,17736172,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,si,I like it
,Recommended,307690,17682421,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Fluxxy,16 hours 'till I completed the story.Now off to complete 100%! :3Really a fantastic game with an interesting story and incredible open world action!I would rate it 11/10 because it's just so damn amazing! <3
,Recommended,307690,17649038,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Victoria,"Tried talking to a cab-driver, stole cab instead.10/10 would do again."
,Recommended,307690,17024594,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Edge,Its good and fun pretty much like the batman games combat and there is ALOT of side quests 9.2/10
76561198057010278,Recommended,307690,17722998,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,WALRUS DEATH MACHINE,goood
76561198140916213,Recommended,307690,17685832,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Lith³,KEEPS CRAHING
,Recommended,307690,17174251,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ThatZ1t_csgolive.com,THIS GAME IS AWESOME THE ENGINE ARE BETTER THAN BEFORE AND IT ALSO ARE NOT LAGGING ON MY BAD LAPTOP REALLY!!!!!   HERE ARE SOME GAMEPLAY AT MY YT CHANNEL NAME: Mr.LPsie
76561198131844684,Recommended,307690,17874282,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,RukkoRi,"great game, good graphics and awesome gameplay.the thing that i loved the most in this game that you can still have fun even after you finish the story lines.great game i recomend it for gamers how likes to have fun and for who doesnt care about the perfect graphics."
,Recommended,307690,17173730,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,GREED,10/10
,Recommended,307690,17179058,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Laintrix,Its addicting and really fun. I also really like the storyline.
76561198091413941,Recommended,307690,17182122,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Causus,"If you want a story driven GTA, this is your game. It is amazing. Totally worth it. I would say I got at least 2 hours of gameplay every dollar."
76561198188171035,Recommended,307690,17058023,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Newbee,"Cool action game with nice story, I love the beating and the shooting bad guys. The protagonist is cool too. Wish there's a sex scene on it. What I dont really like is the sidequest sometimes too repetitive."
,Recommended,307690,17068597,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Kibun.z,"Play this game or you a ""ham ka chan"" and a real man eats pork bun 8/10"
76561198060911223,Recommended,307690,17070438,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Umbrik,"One of the best open world games I have played, interesting story and characters to keep you playing, and good combat and side missions to to do between the story"
76561198114671972,Recommended,307690,17205899,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Mr.Chan,Definitely worth your time
,Recommended,307690,17863117,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Archangel,Wei you are the best!
76561198151818848,Recommended,307690,17819216,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,yash,"Fun game, interesting story line, a lot of funny little side missions. I'd recommend"
76561198062081814,Recommended,307690,17844557,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,[ICEMAN]~[G-UNIT],Nice Job TOP!
,Recommended,307690,17871375,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Slightly Expired Yogurt,> Grabs random girl from the street> Grapple her and drag her to a Vendor's shop> Slam her onto the Vendor's shop counter> Slam the Gate down onto her ribcage> Blood spurts into the air> Turn aroudn to run to my bike and escape> mfw a cop is right behind me and staring at the obvoius murder that just happened in front of him> oh♥♥♥♥.jpeg> cops turns and walks up the street> Too close> get on bike and start driving> accidentaly hit old women crossing the street> sowhat.jpeg> cops start chasign me> Ohshit> before i can drive away an overweight asian cop tackles me of my bike10/10 would commit homicide again
76561197988609440,Recommended,307690,17330760,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Meowcenary,You ever just want to run up to a group of random people and BEAT THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF THEM?then this is the game for you.You play a cop but the rules are different so ♥♥♥♥ everything and drive on the sidewalk.In all seriousness the game is great. You feel like such a bad♥♥♥♥♥in Hand to hand you will make excuses to get into fistfights.You will charge men wielding assault rifles because your foot demands contact with their facesYou will charge into groups of men ready to fight to the death and beat the living daylights out of all of them because KUNG FU.you will be the BEST COP EVERjust remember: the rules are different. so go ahead....kick that lady in the head...FOR JUSTICE.
,Recommended,307690,17235218,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,DevDuck 峠,much denser environment than the original one. not to mention dem free dlcs <3
,Recommended,307690,17235502,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,FRee[inko!],"Who thinks that GTA is fun to play probably never played Sleeping Dogs. Sleeping dogs is really good made, the fighting is outstanding and the gameplay just magnificente."
76561197986736583,Recommended,307690,17668871,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Sulu,"This is a great game! I like it more than some GTA games. It is much more alive, graphics look great, cool fighting moves, fun upgrade features, lots of action !!!!"
76561198227133604,Recommended,307690,17670193,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,TiniestBURRITOM8,does not work 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,307690,17678083,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,DIO,"Like skyrim with triads, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,307690,17767723,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Doritos,WTF am I the only one with the audio not working in cutscenes after the main menu the audio dies?
76561198268850116,Recommended,307690,22737774,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,pongky,gamenya seru bang
76561198293912353,Not Recommended,307690,22579268,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,SaVage_ShinObi,it chrashesevery few minutes pls fix it
,Not Recommended,307690,22602717,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Double Uppercut,"Before I review this game, I think I should say ""Happy 100th Steam Review!""Alright, let's talk sh** about a game that people love that will inevitably get me downvoted, even though I am criticizing a game for it's flaws. I love living in the mature and accepting community of gamers on the internet!Now, to be fair, I've wanted to play Sleeping Dogs since it originally came out. I was a HUGE Grand Theft Auto nerd in high school, and this game seemed like something even better than GTA. But it came. And it went. But I still wanted to play it! And I finally got my hands on it and....Eh. It's okay.I didn't give this game a thumbs down because it's a bad game. That's one thing I think a lot of Steam users mistake in my reviews. I downvote a game because I personally didn't enjoy this. This isn't a bad game. I don't hate it. There are still good things about it.Sleeping Dogs has a very beautifully designed world with Hong Kong. The citizens wander properly, driving is nice and tight, and the combat system (while obviously the Arkham Asylum combat system) flows well and does its job. Hell, I even love the cover-shooting sections and the ability to activate a slow-motion Max Payne-esque scene.But a fun game can only go far by my standards. And again, these are my personal problems with the game. If you downvote my review because you don't like people negatively criticizing your favorite game, then just remember that I said this isn't a bad game.You a**hole.I don't like Hong Kong's world-structure. Maybe it's because I fed off the breasts from smaller open world games like Destroy All Humans! 2 and Vice City, but I think a nice, small world with a lot of creative design is better than sprawling worlds like Just Cause's or Sleeping Dog's, because you can get to where you need to go faster, and everything feels close enough so you can divert your attention from the story to go shopping/dating/murdering everyone you see.The story is also pretty mediocre. The only interesting character I met in the main story was Winston, and then he leaves towards the middle, and you're left with Wei (who wasn't that bad of a main character), and a ton of forgettable characters I won't remember the names of in the next three days. The story is just very unwilling to do anything memorable. It merely serves as a vehicle to deliver repetitive missions that range from tailing to shooting/fighting to chasing to driving aimlessly while other characters blabber about stuff that often has nothing to do with the plot.There's literally a mission where you help a lady shop for her bridal gown. I sh** you not.While the shooting and fighting (especially that environmental kill gimmick) are fun, they get very tired towards the end, as there's very little means of changing up the combat with the occaision impaling on swordfish or dumpster toss. The main mission rely too much on the same formula that everything begins to mix into a samey, grey soup. I personally prefer GTA because they often had random missions, or ridiculously difficult missions that you'd remember long after you finished the game. Like the one where you fly porn posters across Vice City, or the one where you chase down a train in San Andreas. There was so little to invest in, so little to find interest in, that the story and missions just became forgettable.Alright, then, I might as well add my thoughts on the DLC since this is a Definitive Edition.Nightmare at North Point: A game with the tired concept of zombies added as DLC or a mission pack or whatever. The Yao Gui demons being able to be killed only when you entered your special mode was a nice touch, but you literally revisit all the boss missions and just fight zombies. And the ""comedy"" falls flat everytime from the poor voice acting.Year of the Snake: I don't really get the point of this one. It just adds another case for Wei to solve, but the story in this is as thin as butter spread over too much bread (shout out to my main man, Bilbo!). The villain never got any screentime till the end, and you don't even fight him at the end. Just arrest him. The missions in this DLC were a lot more fun. There were a couple that were pretty dull, but I liked the bomb threat missions.All-in-all, this is still a solid open world game. I just personally don't like it. If you like it, more power to you. These are simply my thoughts on why I don't prefer it. I'm giving it a 6/10, but if you personally disagree, then write your own review for it."
,Recommended,307690,22586819,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,[BL] Bradley877,"I started playing this game thinking it's nothing special, but as I played on I grew to like this. You are an undercover cop for the Hong Kong Police and are really good at fighting. Orginally, I thought the entire game would be just beating people up, but overtime you can get guns too.The open world city is beautiful, with a lot of hidden easter eggs / collectibles. There have been many times where I've been casually driving through the city when I see an idication to a collectible on the radar. You end up fighting off those guarding it, then the collectible is yours.I have been playing the game for a while now, but however, I have begun to get a little bored of the game. Overtime, I normally do get a little bored of games but this will not stop me playing it again within the future."
,Recommended,307690,22610675,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,TheMontageOfHeck,Pork bun
,Recommended,307690,22597366,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,McLovin,"It should be called Wet Dogs , since it rains 99% of the time wich is annoying , the story is great , the graphics is crap because they focus the quality only on the main characters , the pedestrians look like the ones in san andreas tho.....Anyway , the interesting story makes up for everything , buy it when on sale , its worth it.Too bad there is no sequel , or at least prequel with Wei in san francisco...."
,Recommended,307690,20895895,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,FiXR,aw♥♥♥♥♥♥ basicaly i love mandarin or taiwan action movie like gangster or undercover cop thing. and now i can play it myself like on those movie.
,Recommended,307690,20909847,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,OCCVLT,good
,Recommended,307690,20884626,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,marc_mib,cool game
76561198018250985,Not Recommended,307690,21067662,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,shinyaasano,"Sucks.  Crashes all the time, no refund because they said I played it too much.  Waste of time, buy a PS4 and forget the Steam version"
,Recommended,307690,21111410,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,♥ The Peasant ♥,.... i'm addicted.......... fell for this game only an hour in the playthrough........
76561198209243760,Recommended,307690,21084997,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,[627]Agent Venom,can u guys help me? i cant find ANY of the dLc costumes :(
76561198020534668,Recommended,307690,20922705,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,[NOR] Tr4XeR,become perfect. love it <3
,Recommended,307690,21022256,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[MG-SA] Tig,"♥♥♥♥ing brilliant game, 10/10 would recommend to all."
76561198054339009,Recommended,307690,20981945,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Aksel,Yes.
,Recommended,307690,21166646,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Glutes,"I first played this on the PS3 and thought it was a great game.Controls on PC are a bit awkward though.. I recommend using a 360 controller with this game.Cool cop/triad double agent guy who develops conflicted feelings and loyalties. Some tragic events occur. Social commentary on what is right/wrong and who the real ""bad guys"" are. I like it.Play this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now."
76561198167362190,Recommended,307690,21131544,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,saveloy sausage,"11/10 everything, except maybe not the optimisation"
76561198006660080,Not Recommended,307690,21038781,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ayar,"No difficulty settings. Turns outs usual console random button (just random hit of xxxyabb) mashing is best approach. There are on-screen hints but they disappear in less than 1 sec (my phone camera says about 250ms) before they disappear and you need to have hit whatever key was wanted (who can see it?) Perhaps with difficulty settings game can be learned and even enjoyed by non-console players. Anyway, I wouldn't bother paying, leave it to the console sub-GTA obscurity and resulting lack of sequel interest."
,Recommended,307690,20945660,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,The Dopest Boy,This is some dank♥♥♥♥♥bomb♥♥♥♥♥right here.
,Recommended,307690,20931134,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,OshiX,"The best game I've played in a long time. Best open world crime game. It's nice to play something that takes place in a more unique setting. Along with that the story is pretty great. I found the characters very likeable and quickly became attatched to them. It would be hard to play a part 2 without Wei Shen.It's the kind of game that you can't stop playing and when it's over you're very sad and instantly want more. I personally really want to know what is left for Wei now. What life will he lead now...?There is so much to do in this game as well. You seriously can play this game for so many hours and really not get bored. There are so many places to drive around and do police work as well as criminal activity. IMO, just as good if not better than GTA.One bad thing about this game:No difficultly setting.It's on a standard difficulty. While, imo, it has a good replay value, that is significantly reduced when you can't increase the difficulty. I've beat it once, normal difficulty is already too easy."
,Recommended,307690,16761805,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,BenJani,"If you're a fan of combat and i'm talking original AC style parrying and you love GTA then this game is the one and only.If that doesn't sell you, then wait for all the Bruce Lee/ Ip Man homages that i've not seen done better in any game yet.Am I the drunken master today? Maybe I should be the Wing Chun master? Nah, it's gotta be Bruce's Enter the Dragon pants and shoes!"
76561198073218713,Recommended,307690,16815738,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Taykin Ursoul,Highly enjoyable game. It was much better than I had expected.
,Recommended,307690,16817125,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,The Quiet Viking(Smølfespark),Buy this buy it now super cheap for one of aleast my farovite games ever
,Recommended,307690,16818246,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Danz,Best Game of China :D
76561198195948154,Recommended,307690,16815547,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,WheresTheChow,Fixed problems
76561198119951807,Recommended,307690,16819971,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,BatMan,Great game advice to play if you love game like GTA.
76561198145604972,Recommended,307690,16820253,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,loader963,Better than GTA 4 but not as good as 5. No glitches beautiful setting.
76561198067570257,Recommended,307690,16065436,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Enrique,"I like this game a lot! a lot of guys comparing it to GTA, yes, there are some similar things. But in my opinion, Sleeping dogs has better storyline (I haven´t finished yet, but it´s interesting ) + fighting !!! that is great ! and I cant forget about Hong Kong - atmosphere of the city is amazing :-)"
76561198198643547,Not Recommended,307690,16065481,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,mlmining4,THIS GAME IS GOOD BUT EVERY TIME I GET TO THE END OF THE MISSIN THE THE GAME CRASHES AND I HAVE TO STAR AGAIN
,Not Recommended,307690,16066221,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Admiral Chauncey Etherington,bouhht it hoping it would merge my current sleeping dogs with all my add on packs but it wont.  ill go back to playing the origional
,Recommended,307690,16114716,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Kusgras,"reconfigured controls. hong kong looks better, it's better then the original"
,Recommended,307690,16118249,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,LongBeachRprznt,"The graphical difference isn't that much noticeable, and sadly they kinda ruined some of the DLC clothes (must be worn as a set, can't be worn separately eg. Gloves) but I bought this game on sale so can't complain on the price though, for those who haven't played any version of this game yet, you're missing out on a lot, the Story is 10/10, but if you already played this game before with all the available DLC, this version might not be worth it, I recommend this for those who haven't tried this game yet"
,Recommended,307690,16090095,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Le Baddie | Skinodds.com,"""I FAHK U IN TEH♥♥♥♥♥KONG KWAY LAH""10/10"
,Recommended,307690,16090568,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Vinn-,"I Like this game, This game is Remake of Sleeping Dogs with Better Graphics and Free DLC's I LOVE IT"
,Recommended,307690,16090912,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,QT,Its an improved old game but I still play it alternately with GTA5. Worth it!
,Recommended,307690,16029968,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,SavingPrincess,"Easily in my top-3 favorite open-city ""GTA"" style games.  Easily the best main character in any game of this genre.  Best hand-to-hand combat and top-notch DLC."
76561198145677931,Recommended,307690,16032464,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,KoreanJezus69,This might possibly be my favorite game in the world. Just kidding. The game is good. has good storyline and everything. it's just lagging alot.
,Recommended,307690,16033654,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,PeaChes,Great game. Fighting is really cool
,Recommended,307690,16034927,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Daniel5770,GOOD!!!
76561198073144447,Recommended,307690,16121321,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,orang,"If ya got good computer, Not like mine potatoe, Then its awesome, Freeroam, Missions, U are NSA and Some Triad gangsta at once, + How to get GirlFriends and Cheat Simulator, 8/8"
,Recommended,307690,20347441,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,solowingpixy333,"GTA meets Jackie ChanSummaryThis game probably is my favourite Open World game so far. With GTA and others, I usually get bored pretty fast, but not with this one. You are an undercover cop infiltrating the Hong Kong underground. Combat-wise, there is a lot of engaging bare-hand fighting.StoryThe story kept me entertained and coming back for more. There has been put quite some effort in character-development. The protagonist isn't an empty shell, but filled with personality.GraphicsThe game looks great. The city is very atmospheric, especially when walking through Hong Kong at night. Personally, I really liked the dynamic weather system - the streets look amazing when it's raining.ControlsFighting, running, driving, shooting - everything in this game controls nicely. Some people complained about the driving but I really can't understand why. It's not a racing game focusing on driving only, so why would anyone expect perfect physics? The cars and motorcycles control fine (and differently depending on the model) and drifting around corners is a lot of fun (use the handbrake). I loved the arrows displayed directly on the street, telling you which turns to take when driving to a waypoint (hate looking at the tiny map in GTA).VerdictGo play this game. This is the definite edition with polished graphics and all the available DLC. I bought it during the Holiday Sale and it was totally worth it. Also, it has a Nimbus-Cloud-style Motorcycle ;)"
,Recommended,307690,20368395,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,🇰𐐎🇮Ꮑ,Grand Theft Auto Four/Five except in China and with a more dynamic attack system.
,Recommended,307690,20407058,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ludovici,"Fantastic. Gripping story with fun combat and lots of variety. Light a tighter, more focused GTA set in an authentic-feeling Hong Kong. Can't wait for a sequel.Only complaint: driving can be a bit wonky, but you get used to it.Absolutely worth it, plus it goes on sale for pennies. Get the definitive edition."
76561198013954342,Recommended,307690,20402214,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Jynx,"I used to spent quite a lot of times playing this game when it first launched in console.Its a different type of game compared with GTA, as it has a great storyline and great combat in kung fu style.The added in DLCs for this game were well made, which a previous player like me still able to enjoy a fresh new story beside the main story.The only thing that I would like to complain for a little, is that I found actually not much different in graphic between this version and the first launched version.So,If you like Hong Kong police undercover story, buy this game!If you like kung fu, buy this game!"
,Recommended,307690,19401016,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Chaos,good game
,Recommended,307690,19700154,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,DukeIndraneil,"A Great Game.Sleeping Dogs is a fun open world game, that looks like GTA, feels like GTA, but isn't GTA.The Open World Hong Kong is amazing to explore and fun to play in.The 'Cop' story is a good thriller, and Wei is a very ""complete"" character- he has his fears, his pride and his doubts.The game is very optimized, and the accompanying dlc's are great too."
76561197979100601,Recommended,307690,19693677,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,SaToS[CZ],Sleeping Dogs is Chinese Grand Theft Triads. I like this game and I must recomended for everyone who didn't played it.
76561198111952491,Not Recommended,307690,16644311,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Daxeon,my fps keeps droppin to as low as 25 fps so till they fix it its a no..
,Recommended,307690,19489851,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Fvcker,"A master in kung fu,killed enemy using a FISH !!"
,Recommended,307690,19736664,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Deyis8,"If you like GTA 3 - 5 then you will like this game. Except there are some differences, if you get in to a fist fight, your character Wei knows Kung Fu. There is a countering system so Fighting isn't a total drag. Everything else is pretty close to GTA. There is an original story too"
,Recommended,307690,19673979,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Dirtydickinson69,Great game! However there are some bugs when aiming in vehicles.
,Recommended,307690,19677020,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Ant1Pr0,nice game and brutal martial art
76561198104411364,Recommended,307690,20002888,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ElSeven,Awesome gameGTA with Hong Kong environments and the story really likes HK Gangsters movies which Is greatrecommended
76561198086916098,Recommended,307690,20019181,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,∞ ïиғïиïtє ∞,Become a pig
76561198081438573,Recommended,307690,19894634,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Arcane,"Grand theft auto San Andreas in Hong Kong.I like the fact that they decided to substitute the giantKnown shootouts in the Gta franchise for a run up to theseGuys and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them style.Driving is odd, and I hate that screeching launch soundEvery time I start driving my cars...It's gets ridiculously irritating and by all means,Please change it.Combat engine is intrusive and Wei Shen'sStyle of fighting is pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥Overall, I'd recommend it to anyone who likes GtaBut is getting sick of just blowing up their heads withEnormous Rifles.I'm sure a lot of people would find a game that allowsYou to beat the crop out of people very fun."
76561198143686150,Recommended,307690,30132830,Posted: 23 February,all,NightWing,"Wihtout giving away too much this is what the game is aboutWei Shen, a Chinese American living in Hong Kong, China  and gets tangled up in all the crime and gang activity. There is a catch, he is actually a undercover cop with the Hong Kong Police who is exposing and arresting his new gang "" brothers""  behind their backs. This game is very simular to GTA has the illegial street races, drug deals, carjacking, shooting innocent people all that stuff. ANd lots of swearing but come on it's not a kid game so who cares. You get complete freedom thru the game meaning you can do any misson you want even if one is supposed to happen first. The start of the game can be a little dry until you start getting rich and afford badass cars and a monkey suit that cost 70 grand ( it's very stylish)  As the game goes on you get more involved in the gang life and being a offcier becomes part of the past for Wei, who is almost exposed a few times by those in the gangs when some get suspious . And also, Wei is a badass.Found this game while going through the store and honeslty the best $7 I spent ( sale of course it's actually $30)This game also filled the void when a GTA game almost crashed my computer.So yeah  great game overall"
,Recommended,307690,19840198,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,NashBlade,"Kind of slow to develop, but great story. It feels like the same game engine used in Just Cause 2, but set in Hong Kong instead of Panau."
76561198083973068,Recommended,307690,19805959,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Mr.BigWilly,"In this game you play as an undercover cop known as Wei Shen where you are involve in the investigation of Triads organisation and their activities. The gameplay is like GTA where you go anywhere you like and do anything you wish. The graphic is awesome and the game details are great. The fighting mechanics are easy to learn and practice. The vehicles are easy to drive. There are a lot of available side missions for you to do if you want to take some time off the main mission. There are also various styles of clothing for you to dress up your character to make him look manly. However you are not a true man unless you eat pork bun. I have only played GTA San Andreas, and in my opinion, this game is wei better than GTA. I totally recommend this game. Make sure to buy it during sales (unless you are using your mom's credit card) and make sure to buy the Definitive Edition (includes all DLCs). Have fun exploring!"
76561198035133780,Recommended,307690,19821206,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,RyderzW595,"One of the best games I've played....more like assassin's creed and GTA series combined together....just that the vehicle control is quite hard. Overall,I give it 9/10"
,Recommended,307690,19806228,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,klce,Most frustrating motorcycle racing ever.
,Recommended,307690,19970007,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kazerz,"Did you know? In Cantonese, you can have a sentence with 26 words, in which only one is a word that isn't profanity."
76561198197971123,Recommended,307690,19990851,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,PooO,"Best open world game in asia version, i like when driving because i can drift smoothly, when fighting i remember jeckie chan stuntmaster in PS ONE, overall 9/10"
76561198258569025,Not Recommended,307690,19954122,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,moody_ashhab,when i start to play the play is not responding.plz help me
76561198264187888,Recommended,307690,20002381,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Robert Whittaker,"good game, what else can i say?"
,Recommended,307690,20015992,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,EpicVision,"I beat the game on Xbox, I'll beat it again in 4k 60fps!Amazing game with mind-blowing graphics and all DLC included, 301+/10"
,Recommended,307690,20014413,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,_.Rastafari.26_,"Better than GTA V in my opinion, amazing fighting mechanics, amazing world atmosphere and makes you feel like you're in Hong Kong, just everything about this game is amazing.I hope there are more open world games that don't ♥♥♥♥ing take place in America, I hope there are ones that take place in modern London, Russia, Japan, Brazil, etc."
,Recommended,307690,19866906,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,A2zZzZz,很棒的搏击感！
,Recommended,307690,19863344,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,저스틴,(A) + (X) = Flying kick
,Recommended,307690,19899744,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,futora007,best game I ever played
76561198112864184,Recommended,307690,16777869,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,VIII,"If you like fist-to-fist combat, open world, and cantonese , the this is the game for you.It has good graphics and a nice storyline .Overall, it is a great game for all you guys who like punching , kicking and a bit of shooting the crap out of people."
76561197962995632,Recommended,307690,16843062,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Tyler Divine,"I was completely caught off guard with Sleeping Dogs! I saw it on sale for months and months and never took a chance thinking it was just a GTA rip off.  I was definitely wrong and am glad I finally jumped at the chance to play this game. This tells the story of Wei Shen and his story of dealings with the Triad and Police.  This definitely includes some Triad level brutality and the fighting system is fun without getting boring.  I never played the original so I'm only aware of the new 1080p graphics and they looked great.  If you are going to design a town like Hong Kong, I only think of one thing which is the sheer magnitude of people around.  This edition added more NPC's to get in the way during your foot chases which definitely helped the realisim in my mind.I do recommend this game as the gameplay and especially the story got me interested and invested in the characters like no open world sandbox game has before.  Take a chance!  Old Salty Crab requests it!"
76561198171607354,Recommended,307690,16848371,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,✦♛TheKingSLO♛✦,very nice game but cars and motorcycle are moving funny but a gameplay wins!! and fight combat
76561197996404741,Recommended,307690,16849310,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Nyarl Q Thotep,"I bought this game onsale and now whenever I am dodging traffic virtually driving at speeds above 150 mph in a city I have to ask myself again what continent I'm on in regards to what side of the road am I supposed to be driving on, and this has proven pricelessly amusing both as a fun game in and of itself and also as an enhancer of other games that I enjoy."
76561198046826021,Recommended,307690,16851218,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Deems,"Great game, problem is that you can't purchase the Pre-Order DLC's because it says you need Sleeping Dogs (original game) instead of the Definitive Edition, and because the original version has been removed the pre-order dlc's are impossible to play."
,Recommended,307690,17206683,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Cornelius,"Great game in general. I'd give it a 10/10. Great storyline and great gameplay to go with it. Comes with great DLCs... I think I'm overusing the word ""great""... Anyways, BUY IT!"
76561198237089886,Recommended,307690,18015181,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,alcuin_93,good
76561198020271711,Not Recommended,307690,18033593,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,...,A game for Ninja-Turtle fans.So boo-oh-ring that it hurt my gaming nerves.
76561198049461705,Recommended,307690,18024247,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Laxoxal,"Entertaining story, good graphics. The gameplay is decent for the most part apart from occasional camera issues.There's a melee combo system where you can unlock more combos by collecting statues. By the end I mostly did one combo and had my finger ready on the 'e' key for all the melee fights though. There's also free running.The city is fun to drive around and pretty to look at. Driving itself is so-so, wish driving in reverse was a bit faster. The camera is annoying sometimes while driving, but managable.The menus are a bit unintuitive. e.g. L and R-ctrl to go between tech trees, and that only happens there. When I played mahjong poker it took me a little bit to realize I was supposed to use the wasd keys instead of the arrow keys.Great game, recommended"
,Recommended,307690,17989737,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,TheTurkishMoose,"Runs very well, Greate story and solid combat system! For me, it was just shy of being the perfect game with a few fustruting mechanics which don't really effect the game as a whole, but were still evident!If you liked the Godfather games, THIS WILL BE YOUR FAVIOURTE GAME EVER!"
,Recommended,307690,18120961,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Le§tranger,That Ham Ka Chan is gonna gets what coming him.Came for the swearsStayed for the kicks15/10 Would Ham Ka Chan in Hong Kong!https://petpetkia.wordpress.com/2007/03/13/how-to-swear-in-cantonese-with-english-translations/
76561198075878804,Recommended,307690,18099919,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Dredarie,it glitches out and closes when you have to kill benny right as he runs out of the closet....... other than that its a really good game
76561198114865959,Recommended,307690,18100567,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Klay Thompson,"The combat in this game is very good, its a lot more fun using combat rather than guns in this game, but however the driving in this game needs to improve because it is so hard to drive -,- I would also like a DLC where a bigger map is included and contains places like Sham Shui Po, Mong Kok, Tsim Sha Tsui, Sha Tin, Tsuen Mun, ETC. I would also like missions added to these places. Overall 7.5/10"
76561198214596876,Recommended,307690,18102274,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,$pace Nerd,its good
,Recommended,307690,18162788,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kaichicken10,gg
,Recommended,307690,14067218,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Daddy's Belt,"Sleeping Dogs is a game that proves that Grand Theft Auto isn't the only game of the genre. While Saint's Row kind of gave up on that dream and became a slapstick laugh basket (for the better), Sleeping Dogs sticks to it's hardcore, realistic feel. The language is real, the gore is real, the emotions are real, the story is badass.As for the Definitive Edition; while I see a difference, I don't see a difference worth my computer being as loud as it is. A brand new GTX 760 should NOT have as much trouble as it does with as little difference as this game makes. I see a framerate increase, but other than that, the graphics are confusing. And poorly optimized.My personal favorite part of this edition is that the DLC is not all already there, but it released over time, instead of being given to you at once and making the story trivial, you EARN the DLC, making it part OF the story.All in all, this is amazing. It wasn't BAD for my graphics card, just harder than it should have been. The increased blood textures and smoother hair makes a hell of a difference, and the price is pretty great considreing what more youre getting added on.I would recommend the original to my grave, and this version even farther."
,Recommended,307690,30400490,Posted: 8 March,all,sonyguy,my dog was not sleeping 0/10
76561198306103247,Recommended,307690,30417301,Posted: 9 March,all,plutowiederin,If you like action or games like gta 5 you'll sure love sleeping dogs.
,Recommended,307690,30414511,Posted: 9 March,all,DieNand,"I don't know if it's the setting, or the general atmostphere of this game, but something about it is just really cool and special. (Some of you may know that I enjoy reading crime fiction set in the underworld of Japan so this game has a pretty similar feel to it which makes it stand out to me.) You might find games like this that have better open worlds, but this game does a lot to make almost every experience unique and fun and if you spend enough time watching through the cutscenes and piecing the bits together you'll probably come to like the story as well.As far as gameplay is concerned the hand-to-hand combat is amazing as is the shooting. Driving about is whacky and wonky especially the race and chase sequences, but it is still enjoyable and hilarious at times especially the takedown slides you can do with cars. There's also a lot to do; police missions, triad missions, races, helping out vendors and triad members, exploration and cool seemingly random events with rewards. There's also lots of little mini-games which actually seem to belong in the game, and are used well, instead of just being thrown in for the sake of 'amusement'.I like the bright, busy and noisy streets of Hong Kong and there's really plenty to enjoy here if you stick with it.I find this game better than Watch_Dogs which, depending on who you are, I think says a lot."
,Recommended,307690,30452312,Posted: 11 March,all,xx,11/10
76561198120523487,Recommended,307690,30479947,Posted: 12 March,all,Tomtum,Very good story and fantastic story 8/10
76561198126599631,Recommended,307690,30479984,Posted: 12 March,all,ikskesmz,"Lets start with the good things: Large amount of content, fair amount of an open world, decent acting, decent production.  The game is fun to play as well.  I could do wiht more fighting and less driving though.The bad things: Buggy.  Like, I think I've seen less bugs in an anthive.  Also, driving.  It is so annoying.  This games almost like a drivers ed class in that it makes you hate driving.  The game has more bugs than I care to see. It also has console like saving rather than PC type saving.In short, if you can withstand a rather buggy console port, its money well spent.  You might also enjoy this game if you cannot drive.  If you actually spend a fair amount of time in traffic, you might want to give this one a miss.  I got this game on sale for about $5, and I do not really have complaints at that price."
,Recommended,307690,22128702,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Simon.C,"As a Hong Kong taxpayers and voter , this game surprise attractive tourism in bluce lee martial art fighting style , however most of the HK Cantonese speaker prefer to play watch dog , the real Ku fu fight always working in low pay salary in transporth logistics in monkok, the real bluce lee inside of the financial skyscraper deal room handle trillion stock in 300kg plus 2000 degree glass, so sad but true 😯       finally, if the characters change to females, add more gaming style in multiplayer should be better"
,Recommended,307690,22122118,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,jack.waterman123,Very Good
76561198045999201,Recommended,307690,22123465,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ComradeSteaky,The story of this game is just thrilling. The gameplay is also really good. Sure it doesnt have multiplayer but the story and character development makes up for it. This game made me tear up. Its great.9/10
76561198148455156,Recommended,307690,22136147,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,f8lcowboy,Gta in Hong Kong as an undercover cop. Great combat and visuals.
,Not Recommended,307690,22069943,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,"Julius ""The Salad"" Caesar",Controls are Wei too sloppy and the last half of the story is complete garbo
76561197980113620,Recommended,307690,19055852,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Raymond,YOU SHOULD BUY IT.GOOD SPIN OFF OF GTA.GOOD STORY TELLING.AWESOME MELEE SYSTEM.YOU BUY NOW!
,Recommended,307690,22214955,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,wardengnaw,"Beautiful game, engaging storyline and fun open world game.The missions, side jobs and racing gets repetative for a while. But this game makes up for that for a big beautiful world. Small aspects that catch you did not realize would be in the game and a overall fun interaction with the world. (Other than being set in Hong Kong, it was hard to drive if you are used to driving on the right side of the road)."
76561198056242337,Recommended,307690,22148096,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Equis Tres,♥♥♥♥♥WINSTON F*CK♥♥♥♥♥♥PEGGY F*CK JACKIE♥♥♥♥♥♥JACKIE
,Recommended,307690,22268171,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ndarvianp,"a chinese CJ, a chinese Los Santos, a chinese GTA, an english spoken (mostly) gamestory.10/10"
76561198199504815,Recommended,307690,22272677,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Eren Jaeger,"This game have a different than the others  its like gta but it is an Asian GTA with ,awesome parkour, and stunning kungfu! !!"
,Recommended,307690,22274550,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,becomingINSANE,
,Recommended,307690,22259989,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Gunam,"Great graphics, but something is wrong with the ""Extreme"" settings."
,Recommended,307690,22070271,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,jaishiki_lamchops,"So glad I copped this game. Great soundtrack, amazing visuals of a city I haven't visited since I was really, really young, and a story that was well-writted and generally fun to work through.There were a few things that took getting used to (the fighting mechanics seemed a little clunky at first), and that were a little too surreal (shooting while driving), but those were mainly minor issues with what is otherwise a fun game that I will be happy to replay a few times.I'd say a 'must have' if you find it on sale."
,Recommended,307690,22119973,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,--------,"> Great Story, bit Short> Fun and Good Combat System> Cars are NiceIt's like an Asian GTA or GTA IV,Got it on Sale and it was Worth."
,Recommended,307690,14415743,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,JollySU<OverWatch>,"-Very Good open world game-Very Good UI interface.-Driving games fun, good.-Shooting, better then most GTA games.-Smooth game play what Watch_Dogs should be.-Kung-Fu is for real and no game so far is even close to this one.**Rating 9.5/10**"
,Recommended,307690,14419757,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Bacon Incarnate,"Pretty good execution of the open world genre, but I didn't like the ending and the combat had one strategy that made it easy in all cases (countering). It did a good job of varying the combat though, and all the missions felt unique. Great world, Hong Kong really feels alive. Lots of random stuff to do (favors, races, drug busts) and the concept is pretty unique. The game loses some it's steam in the last bit but this game is worth playing just to experience Hong Kong."
76561197998517898,Recommended,307690,14403173,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Last Gunslinger,"After reading reviews about non load ups, crashing etc. I was not sure about buying this. But thought at 4.99 I would have a bash. Not a single problem from install to load up and from the small amount of time I have put in it so far. It plays well, it looks good and my rig is not the greatest. Can't comment on keyboard setup as I use a controller for this. But for 4.99 I would highly recommend it."
76561198114931907,Recommended,307690,14403942,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,bosniangamer1986,"Good gameplay,good story,good player controls but horrible car and bike controls (when you are driving it feels like the cars and bikes are on ice,not on road)."
,Recommended,307690,14405241,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Paulie,I played this game for an hour so far. Having a blast. Much better than the original 10/10
76561198043772045,Recommended,307690,14405498,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Aphyxiated,Revamped graphics with HD textures...sophisticated combat system is what seperates this game with other open world sand box third person shooter
,Recommended,307690,14407214,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Snarkybottoms,"Some of the most fun I've had in a sandbox style game in a while. The graphics, especially in the rain are right up my alley of awesome and the controls were solid for both M+KB or 360 Controller. The included DLC was very fun as well, especially the horror campaign(I was laughing out loud the entire time.) Great customization and combat too, and even an unlockable Chauffeur to bring you a car. The game also ran very well, only had one CTD and restarting and running through it again really fast fixed it. Solid performance with only a handful of areas that caused frame drops. Worth a play for anyone who is a fan of Kung-fu and sand box games, and possibly even for those who aren't big Kung-fu or Sandbox game players."
,Recommended,307690,14409929,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Mans1ay3r,"after literally just finishing the game, all i can say is: wowthis is very well made, not just the definitive edition, but the story and game as a whole, the ending is very satisfying and the mechanics and hand-to-hand feels very organic and well done, i would highly reccommend this game at any price, definetly a very well made game, mans1ay3r approved"
,Recommended,307690,14495873,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,UltraDoom,"TL;DR - Easily the best open world game of any kind available in the last decade. Period. So much so that it actually redefines an entirely new standard of the potential of the genre. It's the first time I have played something that feels ""new"" in years. This is the standard. This is the open world action game you have been waiting for. Forget GTA, forget Saints Row, forget Just Cause, this is it. All of those games are fine, this one simply puts them to shame by showing what they could be.I didn't want to do this. I knew it would end up being long and this review is still incomplete. In some ways I am sad to play this game. It clearly shows the potential of the genre in ways that completely shame every other attempt. In so doing it also sets the bar so high that I can't imagine a follow up or spiritual successor doing anything but failing. Even so, for now I can live in ignorant bliss and enjoy the completely insane experience to the full. If you think you have felt a rush in-game before, wait until you take the police bike through Hong Kong at full speed weaving through traffic like you always wanted to. This game WILL make you smile.Every time I play it I can't believe it. I can't believe this isn't the only game being talked about and I can't believe anyone even has interest in GTA or its many clones. Sleeping Dogs does so well what other games fail to do so consistently that it really puts them to absolute shame. I have not played a game in many years that seems to be something entirely new, entirely on its own and I hesitate to say it now but this game is that good.The mini-games alone are better than most standalone titles. The racing is the most exhilarating and fun I have played in years. Also, if you don't like your car just jump to another one! I have never been without a useful vehicle in this game unlike every other. The hacking and stealth mini-games are more fun than most indie titles completely devoted to the material. The graphics are incredible, truly amazing to look at. The acting is even good with somewhat believable cinematics, something basically unheard of these days.The main character is great with a well-developed personality and believable dialog and the world is highly immersive. This may be its biggest feature. Saints row is filled with targets, GTA is filled with dummy NPC pylons, Just Cause has inconsequential set pieces that vanish the second you turn around. Sleeping Dogs has a world that is immersive and has loads of character. In addition, the cops don't chase you for hours on end the second you start to have fun. This is another great feature; unless you smash a guys face directly next to a cop you will probably not be chased and the chases end quickly with AI making very real driving mistakes. Some might say it’s a bit easy but I think it strikes the perfect balance and difficulty curve ensuring maximum fun is had while keeping the player interested and engaged BUT without holding their hand or yelling at them the entire time.This game also spins most glitches and oddball occurrences in the player’s favor; everything that goes wrong makes it more fun. It’s the gameplay of Saints Row, with the beautiful world of GTA, with a story I haven't enjoyed this much since Heavy Rain, and a world filled with an entirely unique character complimented by a highly rewarding fighting system that is miles better than any Arkham game it keeps getting compared to.Easily one of the best games I have played in years. I laugh hysterically every time I play at the insane things that happen. I played Far Cry 4 for about an hour. I’ll play it eventually but that was enough to get a feel. I have not been able to put this game down. Most open world games hope for a ""gestalt"" factor where all the crappy parts make something enjoyable. Sleeping Dogs does the same thing but it is the only example that shows the potential for many excellently executed individual parts making a whole that can hardly be described.Play this game. Play it now."
,Recommended,307690,14630772,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Origen,"Very good alternative to the Grand Theft Auto series if you're looking for an open world, story driven experience.A few rough edges, but overall a great game.One complaint - Cop AI is silly, touch a lone cop in a dark alley and immediately be jumped by a pile of other cops.  Kill all cops in sight and... they keep coming.  Thankfully there's not a lot of cops."
,Recommended,307690,14612769,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,3xPaladin,"8 bucks for the Definitive edition.. what do you say ?wish they could add co-op mode in the future, once you complete the story mode (+Nightmare & YoS) that's pretty much it."
76561198137097515,Recommended,307690,14613973,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Dark knight,you like♥♥♥♥♥♥fights and expensive massages this game is for you
,Recommended,307690,14603589,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,SuperGiantEgg,"at first i thought it was be like gta4 but with better graphics and setting in hong kong. but actaully, this game is all the kungfu cop/triad movies turned into a very polished game. if you are a fan of kungfu cop/triad movies such as the ones by Jackie Chan or Jet Lee, this game will be very enjoyable."
,Recommended,307690,14654159,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,请赢 谢谢,"I picked it up for 7.49 and I am not sorry I bought this game. This game is a lot of fun to play and has a variety of missions and practically endless gameplay. I had to restart this game 3 times due to me reinstalling windows, but I never got bored of it. 9/10"
,Recommended,307690,14682723,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,chl,"I enjoy this game alot, and I would recommend buying it if you want to play a great game, with a good story. I will say however, there are some frustrations with the game, that can make it somewhat painful to play.Lets start with the controls. You can't change key bindings - the game feels abit too much of a console ""port"", in regards to the controls. With a controller, I bet this game is fantastic, but for PC it just doesn't work.The camera is very bad at times, extremely buggy and turns at the times you just dont need.Aside from those two things, I did not find anything negative within the game.You smart man. Pick strong bird."
76561198079661055,Recommended,307690,14697260,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Chicken Tendies,A great open world game great story gameplay and graphics but it does make me mad that this game dosent have a cloud save so if you are downloading on another device you wont get any of your stuff back
76561198149759746,Recommended,307690,27513561,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The ting goes skrrrahh!,Great story
76561198248352566,Recommended,307690,27125725,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Maxis,GG
,Recommended,307690,27204555,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pavapizza,Still one of the best open world game to date. the world feels more alive than some newer games where the people are just dolls that dont react to environment or overreact to anything you do. and it has amazing story too.
76561197990467016,Recommended,307690,27201227,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KneeCompany,"I count this as UFG'srealswan song. Triad Wars was the MMO no one asked for, and Smash+Grab is some kind of incredible afterthought that was available for less than a month.Also I have around double the recorded playtime if the original release is taken into account.This rerelease of 2012's GOTY is almost entirely better to own over the first. The executable is now 64-bit, resulting in improved stability (though I don't recall the other release having any issues). There are loads of visual flairs included this time around, however I wasn't able to use many with my mid-low ranged PC without sacrificing a high frame rate.All non-cheat DLC is included in the package, plus it's integrated into the actual story so the whole experience feels better fleshed-out. There's enough content in the base game to warrant a buy, so having the expansion stuff is nice icing on the cake. Niceing.One thing I will mention: even with the week one patch, and tweakin' of xml files/forced GPU magic, SDDE's textures don't look as superb as what I remember from regular SD. Maybe it's another Berenstein vs Berenstain mandela effect where I'm just remembering wrong.To sum it up, the game is a beautiful ""Grand Theft Arkham: Hong Kong"" and I let tears fall for the lost potential of a true sequel.  United Front Games is dead, long live United Front Games."
76561198215744025,Recommended,307690,26891394,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Solar Corona,"Perhaps the most fun I’ve had in an open world crime game since first playing Vice city, thoroughly enjoyable with a lot of replay quality however, one reflection for this review I’ve noted a glaring issue with the games concept. While it in no real way impacts on the enjoyment of playing there is an on-going tussle in the background, between gritty realism and silly♥♥♥♥♥fun.The inception, sitting comfortably in the realism camp is a nice take on the working for the Mafia trope of similar open world games, as an undercover police officer you have to work your way through improving your Street Rep while not getting nicked yourself. The Mechanic of this is quite simple and easy to manipulate on replay to give you all the options available in the game.This is not an RPG, and while there are progression systems that improve your character and your development in this world, no real decisions are left to the player, instead you step out your characters shoes for the cut scenes and have to deal with the consequences of his actions later on.The obvious comparison to the GTA series has been prepared for by the developers who have given a few touches to allow a number of things that are possible here and not in say Liberty City, some appear to have been created for the very purpose of distinguishing it from a rockstar game or even one upping them. Some are, however, interesting mechanics that sit well with the setting and style,At the forefront of what stands this game aside from competitors are its combat which seem more rocksteady than rockstar and benefit from the aforementioned progression systems, additionally once you get the hang of jacking a car at speed it becomes quite an adrenaline rush. The Environmental combat is also fun although as with much of this game once its set out its serious notes and achieved its cool points it seems to get bored and silly quite quickly. (see DLCs)So what wins out? In the end this is a game that gives what you put into it, you do have the option to participate in the playable narrative, sit back for the cut scenes and enjoy its departed-esk narrative. If, however, you are a completionist, then prepare to be chasing blue ghost bunny men around the night market, yeah."
76561198311036029,Recommended,307690,27267632,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Roasted Duck,"The story is absolutely amazing but my only complaint with this game is that the story is way too short.I finished it within 21 hours even with messing around a lot in the game.But the story is really good,I love the mechanics and also it has 2 additional story DLC'S free with the Definitive Edition.Get it fast before the sale finishes."
,Recommended,307690,27266215,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,csgowitch.comcsgoatse.com,"IT is one of the best game which according to me is better than GTA san andreas,and has better fighting moves than GTA V"
,Recommended,307690,27257025,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gags.returns,"Love this game !  Played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it, all DLCs, everything. Been so long since it released; still holds good."
,Recommended,307690,27285120,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hotblack Desiato,This is a really good game. I rarely go for 100% achievements but this was one of the games that I did. The atmosphere is awesome and Hong Kong looks so good.Sleeping dogs has the potential to be a competitor to the GTA series. Sad to hear that UFG is closing shop (Wish you guys the best of luck). Hope some other developer picks it up and makes a sequel.
,Recommended,307690,27164577,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Astral21,"A game with ""Dogs"" in the name had an amazing E3 trailer. Couldn't remember the rest of the game's name. Found ""Sleeping Dogs"", thought it was ""Watch Dogs"" (The game with the cool E3 trailer)"". Bought this one. Played this one. Loved it. Best Mistake Ever. Serendipity."
,Recommended,307690,27125237,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,✪ JustJimmyPERU,Better story than GTA
76561198094507877,Recommended,307690,27098666,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MysteryF**ker,Broke up with my ex girl. Caught her cheating. So I kidnapped her and put her in my trunk. Ram the back of my car into a pole. I think I heard something scream. Drove to a barcony where I can see the crystal ocean and the roaring seas. Took her out of the car and threw her into the ocean. Took screenshots of it.
76561198105663336,Recommended,307690,27062840,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ekilla47,"Such an under appreciated game. Craved some chinese food when I started playing.Picked some up, only con was I didn't get a pork bun, just some lo mein.Must buy. Worth buying on a steam sale, even worth it not on sale.Buy now! Before all the pork buns are all gone. Unless you are not a whole man."
76561198099694582,Recommended,307690,27210871,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,It's Pronounced Constantinople,"Pros -fun gameplaygreat storytons of sidemissionsinteresting slow mo gun playgood character developmentcons -ludonarrative disconnectstorys predictableside missions can be repetative\possibly one of my favirote open world games game, would recommend"
,Recommended,307690,27211017,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Matrose,Great game!
76561198007089078,Recommended,307690,27232138,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Novakim,A fun game with great combat and a fresh setting.POSITIVES:-Fun gameplay and combat-Good graphics (the city looks fantastic at night)-Fresh open world setting-Plenty of things to do in the city-Good selection of radio stationsNEGATIVES:-Poor gunplay-Story is kinda meh-DLC is mehThe thing i like most about this game is the city of Hong Kong. Its such a fun fresh setting and i wish more open world games would be set somewhere else than in the US.I even prefer the Hong Kong of sleeping dogs over the Los Santos of gta. I sometimes boot up the game just to cruise around the city at night.
,Recommended,307690,27229755,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Richman,"Great plot, fun game, you can do things that cannot be done in GTA V, and those Cantonese always made my day (I know Cantonese). I hope they make sequel of this game."
,Recommended,307690,27217886,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VolvoxMonkey,Just amazing. A MUST buy!
76561198073007720,Recommended,307690,27225521,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,literally_god,...
,Recommended,307690,27095738,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yameϯe,"Great game with a really nice storyline. Its storyline has enough plots to create a prequel and sequel of the game, even the Dlcs. Sad there won't be any since United Front games disbanded, but let's still keep a little hope up, for the future."
76561197989685888,Recommended,307690,15317106,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,oh man oh god oh man oh god,"GTA 4 in Hong Kong done with style and polish. I highly recommend. The hand to hand is a little clunky though, overall very good."
,Recommended,307690,15327011,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,"DaJuan ""Entropy"" McDaniel","Sleeping dogs is a very refreshing experience in the open world genre, and that has a lot to do with its colourful scenery, off beat story, and nice mixes of gameplay with a good fighting system. It does have its flaws, it can get repetitive and the story ends up a bit too long winded at times. If you are looking for a different open world game, I highly recomend getting this when it comes on sale"
76561198135281064,Recommended,307690,15332247,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,cell1236,"Great open world events and many purchasing places to go to. Don't worry about have too many money and have nowhere to spend---the approapriate price for cars can take you some time to collect, not talking about the clothes.Also this game has great plots---Triad or police wise. There are some complicated issue in the game though(which I don't quite agree) But that doesn't affect this game to be a great game with awesome content to play with. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,307690,15332861,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,PartyGuy,"9.5/10This game has some moments that I thought were strange: QTEs, karaoke, and physics (but complaining about physics in a game with outrageous kung fu seems petty). The good game mechanics outweighed the bad quite heavily. The one or two parts I didnt enjoy I was willing to play through to get back to the game I was enjoying. Dont buy GTA. Get this or Saints Row. Wei is a badass on Jet Li or Jackie Chan scale and not a punk with a cousin tagging along to go bowling.If you think you need the DLC or definitive edition you are probably fine without it. Basically is new enemies/fighting style and a little bit of story."
,Recommended,307690,15112375,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,v0rtEX,"If you were considering buying Sleeping Dogs, this is the version to buy. It is just a more polished edition, and there is more attention paid to the details of the city. The controls are mostly fixed, because in the original game the controls were extremely difficult to get used to.Overall, still a great game and this is the edition to buy."
,Recommended,307690,14967725,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Manberry Sauce,Sleeping Dogs is what would happen if GTA tapped its foot under the stall and Hong Kong action films answered from all three sides.
,Recommended,307690,14971368,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Quietus Wolf,"Honestly this game is a work of art. From the textures, to the effects down to even the sounds of the city itself. This game makes it's world feel alive in ways that a lot of games simply don't. Add to that having to balance two lives, complete with their own skill trees and you've got a game worth playing.A few gripe, though. First, combat. While the melee is smooth and responsive, feeling much like Arkham's combat, both normal and heavy attacks are bound to a single key/button. You press for normal and hold for heavy. This makes timing far more important since one slip and the move you were going for becomes something else. Also the guinplay is a bit sluggish and seems out of place given the polish of the melee system.Second, that the 'dating' aspect of this game is so severely limited; one date, you get lucky, get a bonus and never see the girl again (save for one under the right conditions). It would have been nice (IMO) if they'd made that a larger part of the game play, giving you a 3rd thing to manage along with your Triad and Police work. showing the effects undercover work can have on relationships and the stress of it all.Those minor gripes aside, this still a great game."
,Recommended,307690,15271879,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,yogihen,ths should be named :   GTA : Bruce Lee Editions..
76561198024535758,Recommended,307690,14667520,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,boudepain,"Great, game !! I finished it on Xbox 360 and I took the definitive edition on Steam. Lotsofnew content, new trials and new pbjects (cars, clothes, etc). Hong Kong is very well modelizedand you really have the feeling of a crowded city. I recommend it."
76561197971562414,Recommended,307690,15236920,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Korsobar,"Looks incredible on my UHD TV.  I loved the original game.  Where this game stands out from other open-world driving/fighting/crime games is that the undercover role provides both a great story and a reason to behave less like a crazed lunatic.  During missions, the player is rewarded for not wantonly destroying civilians and property, whereas Triad operatives are fair game.  The story definitely drew me in more than, say, GTAIV.  Although it may not be quite as graphically impressive, this game destroys Watch Dogs for immersion, characters, and overall fun.The only issues I have with the HD version are the faces.  They did not upscale well.  New art should have been done for the main characters, especially the main character.  On the other hand, the graphics options available can bring a fairly powerful rig to it's knees."
,Recommended,307690,15240265,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,AkihoSiN,"I just bought this game.. Well, I like it so far, there's been so many bugs though.  It's ridiculous. My game crashes each time I get to Winston's talk to Wei near the beginning about being a Snitch."
76561198079383845,Recommended,307690,15241728,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Jenna,"If you like Grand Theft Auto, then you'll definitely like this! It has a great story in it as well!But sadly I can't play regularly because it crashes often on my computer. i've tried so many times to fix it on my computer but I think it's because there's a problem with my computer. I think I don't take care of my computer very well, so it can't handly the heavy graphics this game has. It works well on my brother's PC and gaming laptop though!!"
,Recommended,307690,15454416,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Komulous,"Has everything you would want from an open world game.  Good main story, good side missions, plenty of collectables but what it also has that puts it in the top tier is, martial arts. It's a simple fighting system but satisfying and that's all you need ain't it =)Better than: Saints RowWorse than: GTA 5*Completed on console btw. So good I bought it twice!"
,Recommended,307690,16206361,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Hapo,Great Game!
76561198194177522,Recommended,307690,16208034,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Nosduh Siwel Revilo,"Thi is a brilliant game. Its a mixture of  Assassin's Creed , GTA and LA Noire"
,Recommended,307690,16146261,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ser Davos Spaceworth,"Objective of game, infiltrate Triad operations in Hong Kong as an undercover cop.Day 1: Go to local market and rob shopkeepers wearing wife beater and baggy jeans exposing dragon tattoos. Local gang leader thinks I might be a cop.Day 2: Conduct multiple drug busts and raid a Triad warehouse while wearing full SWAT uniform and riding HKPD motorcycles. Gang leader knows I can be trusted now.10/10 would go undercover again."
76561198054062443,Recommended,307690,16110370,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,jwrath,"One of my all time favorite games! I have it on 2 systems and have beat it 100% both times with all collectibles, it's well worth it! Look at my devotion to this game! I have all achievements! Check my profile if you don't believe me! A man who never gets all achievements on Sleeping Dogs is NEVER a whole man!"
76561198032424105,Recommended,307690,16148085,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,MeridianRam,GTA in Hongkong
,Recommended,307690,16149262,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,LannisterCrimson,Killed a dude with a tray of swordfish while wearing a thong.9/10
,Recommended,307690,15060474,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,nPx,"Honestly, one of the best (gta-like) games I ever played."
,Recommended,307690,30576990,Posted: 17 March,all,Subline,"Some Minor Spoilers:Story: 9/10 - Some characters needed more time in the game.Graphics: 7.5/10 - Not the best graphics, but not the worst for 2012.Voice Acting/Sounds: 9/10 - Voices in sync, and cars etc sound realistic.Gameplay: 8/10 - The camera angles take a while to figure out, especially whilst fighting.Length for price: 8/10 Story is about 13-14 hours. For full achievment list and 100%, you're looking at about 60 hours.DLC: 8/10 - Nightmare in North Point - Unrealistic Zombie mode. Year of the snake - You play as a cop, not undercover.Combat: 7/10 - There isn't much of a range when it comes to guns, and guns play a small part in this game.Melee Combat: 9.5/10 - There is a huge range of moves that you can unlock and this game is different, as it replaced shooting by mainly fighting.Vehicle Gameplay: 8/10 - The cars feel a bit stiff, however they clearly paid attention to vehicles with ""Action Hijack"" and ""Ramming"". The cars you get throughout the story are better than the one's you can buy. No helicopters or flying vehicles. Boats included though.Collectables: 9.5/10 - There are many collectables in this game, cases, Health Shrines, Jade Statues, Outfits. In this definitive edition, you can purchase Agent 47's suit from ""Hitman"" and Rico Rodriguez's suit from ""Just Cause"". However there are still free outfits, which I prefer more, e.g Bruce Lee's jumpsuit, Jackie Chan's outfit from ""Rumble in the Bronx"" and many more."
,Recommended,307690,30549264,Posted: 16 March,all,[GR]Sniperif133,WHERE ARE THE DOGS??!?!?!??!!?!?!??!?!?!
,Recommended,307690,30608659,Posted: 18 March,all,streams of whiskey,Home sweet home.
76561198085019258,Recommended,307690,14729068,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Siphty,"Awesome game.I liked almost everything in the game.For example, the game never bored me - there is always something fun to do.Another exanple is: the gameplay is fun, fast and addictive.one of the game's only weaknesses is the camera while driving, espicially when you reverse the car and drive straight forward right after that, and in that case you'll hate the game for a moment.Another thing I liked about the game is it's story. Although everyone that I spoke to about the game says the story is stupid, I think it's good anyways because through the game we can see the change and feelings of wei, and the game delivers the story well (in my opinion)I recomend buying this game because of all that I wrote + for it's content and replay value, it's realy cheap."
,Recommended,307690,14384732,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,phoenixleo34,Great game! Actually I am just studying abroad in Hong Kong =)...even if it shut down so often
76561198170088783,Recommended,307690,14786946,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,you can kill people with fish
,Recommended,307690,14864469,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Tiang Li,Lower price + DLC
,Recommended,307690,14784510,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,alienbrett,"One of the more fun games to play on triple monitors, and the combat and driving are amazing. Great graphics. With that said, the game is more unpolished than anything else I've played. Monks glitching through floor, glitching back and forth between apartments night-to-night, disjointed car doors, etc. The devs must have been completely ignoring patching bugs and instead focusing on content. I got my copy for free, so it was way worth it for me, and I think it'd still be worth $30 though. If you're looking for a well-polished piece, look elsewhere (as March 2015)"
,Recommended,307690,14797447,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,jamie_W,LovED it. Can get boring after a while though :/
,Recommended,307690,14769340,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Dr. Plutonium,Solid game. Basically GTA except you are a cop. The story is pretty good and the graphics are great. This game will take you you some time to complete.
,Recommended,307690,14006286,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Chase,"10/10 Game. Great Graphics, Gameplay, Storyline, Fighting / Combat system, Setting (Hong Kong), Action / Adventure packed.Ive played Tomb Raider, Far Cry 3, and now this. SD : Definitive Edition is probably the best game I've ever played yet to date. Runs great on Ultra on 1080p with a FX8350 PCU and R9 270x 2GB GPU. 50-60 FPS constant."
,Recommended,307690,14208944,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Hi,one of the most entertaining game i've played! i love the martial art trainings part and beating the smugglers or drug dealers part as well.
,Recommended,307690,30499053,Posted: 13 March,all,Black Body Lotion,"First off if you loved GTA or Saints Row, no questions asked you should play this game.If you love Fist Fighting Combat, no questions asked you should play this game.If you love Having to do Fighting Combos, no questions asked you should play this game.If you love a Good Story, no questions asked you should play this game.If you love Open Worlds and Exploration, no questions asked you should play this game.If you love Gangs, no questions asked you should play this game.If you love Asian Culture and/or Asain Architecture, no questions asked you should play this game.If you love Badass Jackie Chan Bruce LEe type of main characters, no questions asked you should play this game.Overall, no questions asked you should play this game."
,Recommended,307690,13972715,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,[ LUMOS ] HardKiller ( GS ),a very wello made game and very additive and action packed the fighting parts of the game are awsome to
,Recommended,307690,14874079,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Error_404,"It is a very intresting mix of martial arts, gunplay, kifes/crude weaponry (most common other than your bare fist) and driving. Yet there is not too much of one thing, there is not too little either. The lack of gunplay (minus particular missions) is refreshing compared to similar games such as GTA and/or Saint's Row. Giving it a unique gameplay and atmosphere. All in all... 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,307690,14876727,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,DarkOwl,"The subtle enhancements, slight performance improvements, overall polish and - with all the DLC baked in - tonnes of things to do, this is definitely an open world game with some amazing combat and loads of fun things to do. The plot is engaging, well acted, and full of fun missions.If you've never played Sleeping Dogs before, this edition is well, well worth your time."
,Recommended,307690,15012408,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,CyanStrawberry,"Sleeping Dogs is a fantastic game. Sleeping Dogs Definitive Edition is a slightly more fantastic game, but not by much.If you've never played Sleeping Dogs, it's an open world game set in Hong Kong where you, an undercover cop, attempt to infiltrate the Triad gang known as Sun On Yee. It features great combat, a vibrant and unique setting, and a very competent story. Sleeping Dogs on it's own is a wonderful game by any measure. I own the original game, and have put ~20 hours into it.Sleeping Dogs Definitive Edition doesn't add a whole lot to the base game experience though. It has minor graphical improvements, more people on the streets, and all the DLC, most of which is small additions like cars or costumes. The two pieces of standout DLC Year of the Snake and Nightmare in North Point should only add about 3 or 4 hours onto your game time. The improvements made are minimal, not enough to make a selling point out of them, and the DLC is kinda lackluster.Even if the DLC content is somewhat disappointing, it doesn't make the base game any worse, and true to it's namesake, it is the definitive edition of Sleeping Dogs. I highly recommend it."
76561198154974759,Recommended,307690,15015398,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Anonymoose,"I really liked this game! 這是驚人的！買吧！(that means ""This is amazing! Buy it!"" in chinese."
76561198254065181,Recommended,307690,26484385,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Horny Narwhal,"Disclaimer: I played this game on Xbox 360 and decided to play it again on PC after United Front closed shop, so I'm not going to talk about the performance of the PC version aside that it looks slightly better and seems to run just fine on my decidedly mid-level rig.What a shame that United Front has closed because they did a hell of a job developing this game.Great story, good voice acting, fun fighting mechanics that takes it beyond just shooting, all set in a wonderful (tho probably not very accurate) world. Anyone that likes sandbox games should play this, it's strictly a one player experience, but the campaign is so good that it doesn't matter.Play it, eat some pork buns and finally become a whole man. In many aspects it easily out GTA GTA, just go in knowing there's less to do. It's an open world game that is heavily story driven.Oh, and the driving sucks. Easily the worst part of this game.Edit: This. How can you not play this game after watching this?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2giwC3AGy8"
76561198027308552,Recommended,307690,26711724,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,MrChiron,Just play it. It's the best advice i can give to you. Play it and let you drive in this deep story full of feels. 9.5/10
,Recommended,307690,26911628,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@,Alot of fun for the price.  Bought it on sale for $10.  Spent alot of time running around punching people.  Was a fun of this game for a very long tme.  One of my all time favorite free roam games.  I hope to see a sequel. :D
76561198047771937,Recommended,307690,26905075,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RAPTOR JESUS,RIPUnited Front Games
,Recommended,307690,26887404,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RedRogueXIII,"A fun take on GTA style gameplay, unique setting and interesting focus on melee combat for an open world sandbox. Lots to do, a neat story, it's a great game. As for DLC, it's pretty good except, Year of the Snake which is just boring and repetitive."
,Recommended,307690,26924396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,J o o e Restar,"A lot of fun in this Open World action packed, yellow game! The graphics are SPER good at medium- high- max settings, a lot better than the original sleeping dogs."
,Recommended,307690,26943686,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NC,great ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,307690,25830111,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,robster2111,Best pork bun eating simulator. Maybe not worth it if you buy it at full price.
,Recommended,307690,25716221,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,fat and happy,"HUNGRY!This game always makes me hungry, too many food seller in this game. Pork and duck makes me falling in love"
76561198056928282,Recommended,307690,23349509,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,+Mr.Crow+,"VOTE: 7/10This game is satisfactory. Nothing special, but worthy to be played. It's similar to GTA IV and MAFIA II but with less guns and more punches. The main problem of this game is represented by bugs and graphical glitches (but thay are not so serious to compromise the gameplay).PROS:- great story- good fight system- lots of secondary mission- lots of hours of gameplayCONS:- bugs and graphical glitches- physics is too arcade and unreal (at least more arcade then GTA IV)- sometime the lack of guns is a bit tedious- in some missions the freedom of action is too restricted"
76561198039394097,Recommended,307690,30883437,Posted: 1 April,all,Nitro,"Sleeping dogs is an open world game that ends up feeling like a mix of the Batman games and Grand theft Auto. You play as an undercover cop trying to take out a top ranking figure in the Triad, the biggest mobsters in china. The game features all the hallmarks of a good cop story, morality choices, trying to keep undercover, and realizing that the side you are trying to destroy may be less evil than the side you serve.Yes, you see guns in trailers. No, you shouldnt get used to them. This is a melee combat game that plays like the Batman Arkahm series games. You will be bashing peoples heads into air conditioners, punching them senseless, and flinging them into silly ""Death scene"" areas. There are guns, but you dont get them forever and you essentially never just ""spawn"" with one. This games focus is almost entirely on driving and melee combat.The game comes with all the original's DLC, which is good for the most part (The horror themed one is so derpy that Im discounting it here). The DLC where you get to play as a beat Cop, rather than an undercover cop, is pretty sweet, and makes me wish for a reverse GTA where you play as cops in an open world game. Shame its such a small part of this game, but still.Overall, this is an open world game that did not get the same love longstanding series like GTA did. That being said, its not a bad game at all and I recommend the heck out of it, especially if you live on games like GTA or batman (And if you prayed and hoped for a mix of both? this is your game)If i had to point out some negatives, i'd say that the combat gets extremely repetetive once youve gotten passed the 9000th fistfight (People who played the Arkham series know exactly what im talking about). The games lack of guns is a blessing and a curse, given its nature as a beat em-up, guns would ruin a large part of the game. That being said, it feels like they should either of included more, or just not included them. The gun running segments are some of the least fun in the game because the weapon system is just so poorly made in comparison to the fighting system. Incorporating the system used in ""I am alive"" (A game where guns are extremely rare, and are used to ward enemies off or control them more than they are used to kill) Would have made the gun system fit better with the melee system."
,Recommended,307690,25826786,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,strizzuth,"What can I say? I'm 40 hours into this game and I like it a lot, but I feel like there's some missed potential here too.  This is yet another gang themed sandbox action game, this time with you playing as an undercover cop in Hong Kong.  Like many games of this type, the missions are pretty repetative and the story is very action movie stock, but after that it's pretty DAMN good.For one thing, the melee combat is much deeper and more strategic than pretty much any other sandbox game out there. At times the game almost feels more like an open world beat 'em up! You can get really lost in the many ways to fight, with countering being a cirtical skill to master.  At the same time, it never feels overwhelming.  You won't be counting frames or anything as convoluted as a modern fighting game requires.  If anything, the combat errs on the easy side.But this is where the problems start.  Since it's an open world game, a lot of the other elements feel very shoehorned in to add content.  The street racing is very fidgety and annoying and you can still come in last despite doing a near perfect run of the course.  Side quests are numerous but they all boil down to the same few activities over and over (driving, defending or fighting).There's a great game underneath all this, and I'm still having fun playing, but I think part of me just really wants it to be Shenmue 3 instead of Grand Theft Auto."
,Recommended,307690,25808796,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TOO ZOMBIE,"This is my second play through of this game. I played this on my Xbox 360 way back. And I can honestly say it's still as fun as it was, albeit, more fun with the technical improvements and the available DLC extras.Sleeping Dogs is criminally underrated, it provides an immersive and imaginative story, some robust gameplay and a wealth of content ranging from racing missions to hidden collections. If the driving were more intuitive, I can honestly say it would be better than any GTA game not including San Andreas. And even with the horrible driving, I already hold it in high regards and is easily one of my favorite games of all time.If you haven't played Sleeping Dogs, what are you doing with your life? You look like you could use a pork bun."
,Recommended,307690,25398322,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Josh,"This is the best game I've ever played. Ok so I've played too many hours on xbox and so I decided to get it on pc and the graphics are great. So the combat is the best in any game, gun play but it's rare! I personally believe this is great for the game because you only get guns when needed. The missions are just brilliant and the story is amazing. I haven't found many faults apart from the cop missions. I don't find them interesting but they add some change to the game so you aren't always doing the same thing. Overall I love this game and it's my favourite game ever"
76561198154756498,Recommended,307690,25534557,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Mr.Donut (I-dbc-I),"This game just doesn't work for me!The game will not work at all, I load the game, press main game, but once I press to save it it enters the loading screen until it eventually turns off or crashes.People have solutions for when the game won't turn on, but none for when it crashes while loading and I'm not even the only person experiencing this issue.This espicially sucks considering I really love this game and it is one of my favorite games if not my favorite.I would contact Steam for assistance if not for the fact that they've been said to be useless.So if your a Sleeping Dogs fan buy at your own risk, because I'm not too happy at the fact I wasted $30 on a game I can only stare at and wish to play."
76561198084159480,Recommended,307690,30867456,Posted: 31 March,all,wickedicky,"Damn, this game was fun to play."
,Recommended,307690,24682208,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,adikadri,"i love this game, not only from the combat perspective but it have a good story line about the mafia itself. the dlc also fun to play."
76561198120439993,Recommended,307690,25638334,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,yukkosama,really good game play it on ps3 before had to get again on pc :D
76561198304389059,Recommended,307690,25638477,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,gene_weiwei88,game keep on crashing~~
,Recommended,307690,25640823,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Vidd,"Awesome story, great graphics, fun gameplay. my only problem is that there is a tear that happens on the screen constantly and vsync doesnt fix it"
,Not Recommended,307690,17684219,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Sven,"Edited after finishing the main storyline.Pro's+ different setting than most open world games+ atmosphere+ voice-over quality+ left stick click to check out available missions and distance ahead+ having visual cues on the road while driving towards a waypoint instead of being glued to the mini mapMixed- decent port, couldn't max this one out in graphics settings- combat system; basically hit some guys, then wait until some guy attacking you lights up and press y to counter, repeat.- often no idea what move you're executing in combat (and I mean the moves you can learn, not the basic punches and kicks)Con's- extremely arcade/annoying vehicle controls and physics- camera controls feel weird, bit of an elastic feeling to it- lots of immersion breaking elements, for example have to press a after every mission, and you have to wait for it; every phone call has only one phone number in it, so it makes little sense that the game doesn't just make the call for you; everyone in the city seems to know you by first name after a while- map icons are pretty unclear/small (on larger screens when sitting further away)- can't turn of parts of the mini-mapRecommended- not caring about vehicle physics- not playing comparable games at the same time (like GTA)- don't brake while cornering with motorcycles, just release throttleThe vehicle physics made it hard to actually enjoy the game, so much that I'm not recommending it. If you don't care about that, it's a pretty solid game.Played with 360 controller. Finished the main storyline."
,Recommended,307690,19651896,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Deificz,"Killed someone inside the car. got in the car he changed seats normally and when I got off the car he got off the car too normally and then suddenly, he lays on the ground with bloods lol . 10/10"
,Recommended,307690,20243260,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,willyb321,"A decent upgrade from Square, but it would have been better to offer it as a free upgrade to owners of sleeping dogs."
76561198039553020,Recommended,307690,20277631,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Major Awesome (Qc),Being a cop ninja kick♥♥♥♥♥gangster is pretty cool in my opinion.
,Recommended,307690,20279772,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Piwikk,"If you like Mafia and Max Paine this game is IDEAL FOR YOU.Awesome graphics, amazing skyline and funny Karaoke singing. This game totally deserve a space in your library if you are a 3rd person, mob, dirtycop, kung fu lover."
,Recommended,307690,20292641,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Purana SSJ Blue,This version is clearly most beautiful and well optimized than the normal version. At the promo price worths it. 8.5/10
,Recommended,307690,23883896,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ar1,"This is hands down the greatest PC game I've ever played. And thanks to Feral Interactive I got to play it on my Mac.If you haven't sunk 20+ hours into Sleeping Dogs, ask yourself what you're doing with your life. The gameplay is addictive as hell, the storyline movie-calibre, the audio and voice acting superb. And the Hong Kong setting, oh, it puts other sandbox games to shame.Buy it. Play it. Enjoy."
76561198011368787,Recommended,307690,23943427,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TatamiMatt,"I generally liked this game. It had interesting and distinct characters within a decent story line. The city of Hong Kong within  the game world is detailed and vibrant. However there are lots of strange bugs, especially with firearms and ai behaviour that tend to distract from the gameplay at times. For example, npcs with guns (esp police) have strange moments when they engage the player in combat. The game's DLC also offers special weapons but the game often makes them disappear when changing outfits, picking up cars from the garage, and sometimes for no visable reason at all.Overall I found Sleeping Dogs to be an enjoyable game with a compelling story and gameplay but small bugs can fustrate players."
,Recommended,307690,20264163,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,davex,"Awesome game, i would gladly have paid double the price for it.Very immersive story, great gameplay (the camera takes a little getting used to, but nothing other than that), good graphics.Basicly it's all the good parts of GTA, none of the bad and then a whole lot more of good parts you wouldn't even dream of in gta."
,Recommended,307690,23934687,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,GB Crush,- Threw a goon into an aquarium- Picked up a flopping fish and fish-murdered his goon friend- Reloaded the game so I could throw both goons into separate aquiariums and have two fishes to use on the big bruiser goon downstairs- Shouted in terror as bruiser goon disarmed fish right out of my hands!888 / 10 - pork buns! I would fail out of Chinese school again to enjoy this game!
,Recommended,307690,23829876,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Phillikun,You look like you could use a pork bunYes. I would like to become a whole man.
,Recommended,307690,23830019,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,liam,hot
76561198309672354,Recommended,307690,23828468,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Redreaper6666,"I bought this game a few weeks ago and downloaded it onto my laptop, at first i thought this is great! WAY better than GTA but as soon as i reached the mission Club Bam Bam in the Main Story Mode and beat the group of thugs in the bar to get to Benny [the Clubs owner] it goes to the cut scene were you bang on the door and yell for him to come out of his office. When the cut scene ends the game Freezes for a about 2 seconds then full screen cancels and then it shuts off the game and exits steam completely, i tried several times to do the mission but it kept exiting over and over. At first i thought it must have been a download error so i deleted the game and redownloaded but i just tried playing the mission again after the download finished and it still does the same problem and cancels out the game and steam. Please fix this problem in  the next update soon so i can continue playing this great game."
76561197981317343,Recommended,307690,20662794,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,superduper007,"Oh boy...where to Start. I'm not really crazy about  GTA style games because of their lack of detail and depth. This is not that game!Ok I'm on Windows10 , AMD FX 8350, Radeon 7950. No crashes!Pros:Amazing graphics especially on an IPS monitor.No kidding ...the level of detail is crazy. From seeing the dust, bugs, flies in the apartment to the peeling ceiling walls and paint. Really looks like visiting Asia. You buy some tea, you drop the tea cup and can move it around.It's not just run and gun. You can actually perform different moves and strategize. You can climb walls and do some parkour!Sometimes feels like you're playing a brawler or fighting game but there's so many other things to do.RPG elements in a GTA style game....amazing. True some newer GTA style games may implement this but not often.Enough variety to actually believe you are in a living , breathing world.Character detail is like FPS shooter or adventure game.Cons:People who don't like Asian culture may not like this game.Where's Sleeping Dogs 2???  Let's not make it a totally different game though.Update 3.28.17:BEST GAME OF ALL TIME FOR ME."
,Recommended,307690,23886964,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Samdini87,If you like kung fu movies or just enjoy some beat'em up games with some depth than this game is for you. I really like how all the characters flow and the voice acting is on point. 10/10 and I would be more than happy to buy Sleeping Dogs 2!
76561198091242344,Recommended,307690,23873498,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Killcode50,Originally bought on xbox for free from live.Actually thought it was watch dogs (the hacking one). The gme is better than watch dogs. Or in other words its WEI better than watch dogs. I sorry0/10 no sleeping dogs found
,Recommended,307690,23794072,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Spookytown,"Grand theft riskshaw is a good gamePros:You're Bruce LeeYou can roundhouse anyone at any timeThe Holy Mackeral from TF2 makes an aperanceF,LMB, Hold LMB""I fought the law and the..."" (Guitar solo)Cons:You get penalized for being a bad cop which isnt realisticYou can't get a real massage"
76561198092059491,Recommended,307690,23850082,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,jerry,fun as hell
76561198080683369,Recommended,307690,23850296,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,sltarr,"Good game, Played it through three times."
,Recommended,307690,30806817,Posted: 28 March,all,BaliSnare™,"Have been considering buying this game for a long time now, and finally decided to do it the other day while buying other games. Started playing this the day after I got it and got hooked immediately. Love the fighting style and the new take on a third person open world crime related game. I loved getting into fist fights and not into gunfights as often. Loved the story a lot and really think the ending is good.If you haven't tried this game yet, its fantastic and you should."
76561198185846695,Recommended,307690,23865658,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ayatro,One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,307690,24125092,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,GingaSamurI,"YOU can't put a price on MANHOOD BUT, You can put a price on WHOLE-MANHOOD -- 15 Honk Kong Dorrars to your friendly neighborhood corner Pork Bun Chef for a pork bun that WILL make you feel like a whole man. ♥♥♥♥ fish balls and dumplings, it's all about that delicious dim sum pork bun. Nothing like a good pork bun while betting on a♥♥♥♥♥♥fight 10/10 would renew whole-manhood again."
,Recommended,307690,25707331,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Chan-Tzu Ti,"Absolute best GTA game that is not actually GTA and it's occassionally even better than GTA (visuals look stunning, character models are spot on and at the time it was released it looked better than GTAIV, still does actually). I really hope they will make a sequel to Sleeping Dogs someday. Don't believe the doubters, this game has plenty going for it if you're into martial arts and like the GTA style gaming in a believable Chinese world where you can hijack cars and bikes and trucks. The heavy focus on martial arts combat is great and has a good difficulty to it. Not too easy, not too hard. A few hours in you'll of course also get access to weapons, but do expect to fight quite a few gangsters using martial arts you can upgrade along the way. The game has an open world similar to what we know from GTA, but shines the most at it's missions. I'm not going to spoil the story, but it's definitely a great ride. The triades of course play a huge role in this game. The physics system in the game for driving vehicles is very good too, this is not a poor attempt at cloning GTA by any means. The vehicle ramming system is also pretty cool even when it's the most arcadey this game ever gets, which is great. Aside from that it's a fairly realistic game with plenty of fun things to discover. Especially the world design is extremely believable (as in a typical Chinese gangster flick). To top it all off nicely, the game also has a very impressive sound track, including fake radio stations and so on."
,Recommended,307690,25710988,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,♥Arii♥-Snoop alex,The best open world game i've played this year
76561198117944746,Recommended,307690,25711991,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,fishbonz91,"This was a pretty badass game. Driving was good. Graphics seemed better than GTA V to me. Gunplay was a bit Max Payne style.  Melee was badass martial arts with combos(not just boxing).  Story was good. Price was great when I bought it on sale. Worth every penny.  About 22 hours into the main game and I finished almost everything.  Tried the DLC which is why I'm leaving this review.  If you happen to be wondering if it's worth buying for the DLC, if you already have the main game, it's not.  If you're buying it for the whole package its great.  The DLC was some of the worst crap I've seen on my PC and doesn't come close to the caliber of the main game. All in all, 8/10, low replay value."
,Recommended,307690,24268090,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Anglydacooliest,"Truly, an amazing game. I fell completely in love with everything about it.I bought it thinking that I would only play a little here and there on the side, but ended up getting completely hooked on it and wouldn't stop until I finished. Is it like GTA V? Sure, but it's only the style of the game. You could say Skyrim and GTA V are alike just because it's open world with a main story and lots of side games, but you wouldn't. So, that being said, I don't want to compare this to GTA V. It's such a great game on it's own and should be more known."
76561198318089924,Recommended,307690,24518958,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,maxhjc,"Great game, good story mode, runs really smooth."
,Recommended,307690,22033061,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Lil Zap,"This game is pure gold.I have played this game multiple times but only on PC have I completed it.This game mixes the beautiful scenery and atmosphere of Hong Kong with combat straight out of a martial arts movie.The combat system is similar to the Batman arkam series which is a good thing belive me.There is a lot of pros and cons to the game.Pros:Good repertation of Hong kongA lot of collectablesGreat voice acting from the main charactersPork buns XDkaroake mini game (Best part of the game for me)Vast collection of vehiclesslow motion momentshijacking veichles ♥♥♥♥♥♥fighting :)decent missionsleveling up systemThe soundtrack was very pleasant to my ears :)Legendary costumesAwesome Refrences  (Bruce Lee yellow jump suit and a Reservoirr dogs black suit and tie)CONS:The races... that poor womanThe two DlC's were meh at mostThe Bruce lee Yellow jumpsuit from ""The game of death"" only availible at face 8 :(Radio stations had meh music no K-pop? :(It felt that the main patagonist did not show enough emotion when he needed too.Love interests only have one date. No hot coffee mod :(The story seems so predictibleThe Ending"
,Recommended,307690,23133867,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,|L|,naisu
,Recommended,307690,23051829,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,G®ím íß ðéáð,i can kidnap people..... 10/10
,Recommended,307690,23214364,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Last Soviet,"Just imagine if this game was fully baked.Sleeping Dogs is a game where you play as an undercover cop who attempts to infiltrate into a triad gang. It's essentially a GTA from the police perspective- expect the rule's aren't quite the same for those undercover...Lots of melee combat here- you're pretty much Bruce Leeing the hell out of everyone most of the time. Gunplay is included too, but not very much of it.In all honesty the guns seem like an afterthought. They do unrealistically low damage and are extremely hard to get. You'd think every gangster would be packin', but nope.The sheer number of things that you can do in this game is insane. In all honesty, this game could have become a series that would rival GTA easily if it was just finished better.You're still getting a great game with lots of gameplay though. Also the DLC is meh, though the cop one is pretty good."
,Recommended,307690,16868591,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Romaan.M,REALLY GOOD.I'M ACTUALLY SUPPRISED
76561198049913169,Recommended,307690,23391240,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ohijoe42,"If you like kung Fu like i do, this is a GTA Kung Fu game. i loved it! Wish they would make a sequal but I dont see that happening."
76561198083004635,Recommended,307690,30788170,Posted: 28 March,all,LemOON,I would recommend
,Recommended,307690,23356759,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Little Panda Fighter csgogem.com,"After finishing the game, it's still, truly one of the best GTA Simulating games of all time, espically the free roaming"
76561198002621482,Recommended,307690,23138794,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ninja_Prime,"How the hell did I miss this game the first time round? Lucky I bought this when it was on sale. This game is better than GTA IMO.The story is immersive as is the game play. It's not as open world as it would like you to think as it’s pretty much scripted and can sometimes feel very restricted in your choices, but it’s still a solid game. The fighting is very satisfying if you can connect your combo’s, I haven’t been able to set up or configure my game pad for this game and I am having to use my keyboard and mouse, which I feel somewhat hampers my full enjoyment of the game. It’s not like the Batman games, but the gameplay is on par.I would give this game a solid 8.5 out of 10 as it’s so much fun to play."
76561198072534020,Recommended,307690,21111084,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Bautista Bomb,you can be AGENT 47 10/10 CONFIMED
,Recommended,307690,23216559,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Amanda ;-),"man, this game has some serious bugs/weirdnesses. the V-Sync issue is the most annoying one but there's a very easy couple of workarounds. you will see some in-car odd camera behaviour, and that's acceptable too. it just takes a bit of getting used to. the coolest thing to me is how dumb the NPCs are and the things they say. I hope this isn't by design or Hong Kong citizens wouldn't be too happy to be portrayed as stupid, say-all-kinds-of-random-things-just-to-sell-you-something kind of people. the side missions tend to get repetitive and the story... although is not that engaging it is fun (another British villain, really? I didn't see that one coming!). I know Hong Kong used to be a British colony and therefore it's safe to assume a lot, if not most people can speak English but there's this inconsistency I find weird: Wei Shen is from Hong Kong but has spent most of his life in the US. we got that! but he can speak Chinese, can't he? only problem is that he doesn't. he uses English 99% of the time. even with characters that never speak English. this is an annoying trick used in all kinds of media to help reduce the amount of subtitles the viewer has to read, but it feels odd. I speak four languages myself and I never had a conversation in which I would speak a language and the person I was talking to would speak another.check my profile to see the amount of hours I've put on this game. it's amazing how a game with so many problems can be this much fun. I recommend it."
76561198086741668,Recommended,307690,23752497,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Shinobi Shabby,Amazing game!! The details in scenery and story line is just epic!
,Recommended,307690,23757199,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hunter,"mouse and keyboard controlles suck, very fun, I had foud this game difficult but i'm bad at games."
76561198267600918,Recommended,307690,23916503,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,King Godler,better than GTA
76561198036574576,Recommended,307690,17758411,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,gorath0,The best GTA clone I've ever played.
,Recommended,307690,23888719,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ian,The storyline is great and the fighting is mind blowing! Overall awesome game.
,Recommended,307690,23975125,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Darkshifter98,"One might be quick to label this game as just another GTA clone, but I believe that it separates itself enough from GTA that it is undeserving of such a title. The base story adds a unique twist to the ""Common-gangster-fights-their-way-up-to-the-top-of-the-criminal-ladder"" trope present in most open world games by making the protagonist aundercover cop(a detail that is revealed less than five minutes into the game).The story of this game is one of my most favorite aspects of the game, and one of the reasons I suggest the game in the first place. Events happen in the game just often enough to keep the flow going, and a subtle threat reveals itself more and more as the story progresses until the climax. The city of Hong Kong is also very well made in terms of accuracy, the predominant influence is mostly asian but there are small traces of british influence because of the fact that Hong Kong was a british colony up until 1997.The gameplay is well rounded and also a little odd, there are small little things present within gameplay that would be better off if they weren't there (like sprinting is a little hard to maneuver as compared to games like GTA V), but not enough to detract too much from the experience. The game's combat specializes in close quarters, hand-to-hand/melee combat like Arkham Asylum/Recent Spider-man games/Mad Max, in which you'll often find yourself surrounded by multiple enemies and you can counter, punch, combo, and grapple your way out of a fix. A signature feature in this game is environment kills, in which you can grapple an enemy and run them into an environmental hazard (such as a table saw) and kill/brutally maim them with it. The game has gunplay but it is rather underdeveloped compared to the close quarters combat, such as having auto-aim on by default. I like to think of Sleeping Dogs as the opposite of GTA when it comes to combat focus,  Sleeping Dogs focuses on melee/hand-to-hand while GTA focuses on gunplay.Cars within the game function in a really arcade-y sense. Most lower-tier cars are slow as you expect but also have difficulty taking sharp corners as compared to their higher tier brethren.The DLC that comes with the game will certainly give you plenty to do, I love most of it and the rest I am rather indifferent to disappointed about, this mostly applies to the DLC that separates itself from the game, Nightmare of Northpoint and Year of the Snake. Both take place after the base game, and both are rather small in terms of storyline length and 100% completion. They're both bite sized little stories and if you like Wei Shen then you're probably going to like seeing more of him in these packs, but overall the story in these two packs are much more lackluster than that of the base game. They add rewards for completing them to the base game, like clothing and weapons. So if you've already beaten the base game, I'd suggest tackling these first.Overall though, definitely worth the purchase."
,Recommended,307690,23974168,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,✡тень,"Great game, very unique, love a lot about it, honestly my favorite."
,Recommended,307690,24025657,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mayor Milo,Very fun open-world game. There are plenty of things to do around the various towns and the mechanics are incredibly fun.
76561198197442369,Recommended,307690,24234950,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,booMKing,"Awesome game,great story and even better fight scenes"
,Recommended,307690,23941612,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kim Il Sung,"Absoultey amazing! I love Sleeping Dogs. It's as if Saints Row, GTA, and every kung fu film ever had a baby. My favorite aspect is beating up Triads like Jackie Chan. You should buy this."
76561198060878843,Recommended,307690,17631139,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,BlockHead,"Just...Ugh. The Definitive Edition is everything I wanted it to be. Lots of extra content that looks BEAUTIFUL and enough fun ad-ons that kept me playing for over 80 hours AFTER beating the original game months ago. And I already had the original version of this game for Xbox 360.They could stand to add a little more to do throughout the city. There are already random crimes that boil down to a tough fight with a few people then a mini-hacking game, some fight clubs that are spread around, races, and a few other things I may be forgetting, but it still feels like they could utilize the space more to coax you into more enjoying the environments they've created in an engaging way. But overall a small gripe when I had so much fun and spent so long on the game.9/10 - One of my absolute favorite games of recent years. Can't wait to see if they do a follow up!"
,Recommended,307690,24812164,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Demicore,"Excellent action game, nice pacing, good story, decent graphics still to this day. Do not let the initial simplicity of the melee combat system disappoint you; you get more moves as you progress through the game.Heartily recommended."
,Recommended,307690,24907049,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,road to 2k,8/10 nc game
76561198216999212,Recommended,307690,30773306,Posted: 27 March,all,Zincsteve,"Very good game.You evolve in an open-open world GTA-style so you are free to do whatever you want, however since you are an infiltrated cop you must watch your moves and not murder everyone.This game is much more oriented toward the hand-to-had combat which is well done, close to the Assassin's Creed games in that regard. However the driving has never been Ubisoft's forte but you concentrate on other aspects.Through your scores in the missions you can select perks in the ""crime"", ""cops"" or ""reputation"" trees that all give you different bonuses (for example the ""crime"" tree will allow you to be more deadly with your fists and have a better resistance).The city of Hong-Kong is immersive and the graphics very good for a game this age.Overal a very nice game!"
76561198075004501,Recommended,307690,22248044,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,dcverano,"I was curious about this game, and while my laptop runs it on minimum settings, it was really enjoying. Its now my favourite game, much better than any GTA."
,Recommended,307690,22442261,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,David0vić,"Sleeping dogs is one of the best open world sandboxes released in the last 10 years mainly because of its setting, story and the variety in missions and side activities. Great fighting and parkour make it stand out from the others in the genre. A must play for anyone.9/10 (Amazing)"
,Recommended,307690,20730398,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,BionicBeta,"Short: This game is an amazing game, and I 100% reccomend it!Long:Pros:-Amazing Graphics-Fun story (Theres a big plot twist)-Even after you complete the story there is a ton to do-Amazing fighting mechanics-The gang suspects nothing of me showing up on a cop bike...-Xbox controller supportCons:-Has a few bugs--Game will crash in two scenes specifially, can be very frustrating-Drving mechanics are offOverall this is an amazing game, Im currently in my second playthrough andits a ton of fun. Highly reccomended!"
,Recommended,307690,20773254,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Ants in my eyes Johnson,"Wei Shen says awesome port, 12/10"
,Recommended,307690,30686456,Posted: 23 March,all,MushroomKingPrime,"I can't play this game for hours on end, but I do enjoy it. Sleeping Dogs is basically a GTA game set in Hong Kong: you can steal cars, punch random strangers, avoid cops to reduce heat, etc. Where it shines above GTA, is the addition of a more robust melee combat system, which incorporates blocking/parrying as well as combo attacks. Perform your blocks well and you will be rewarded with ""face meter"" points, which grant a quick burst of health regeneration when filled, allowing you to outlast enemies who almost always outnumber you.If a GTA-style game set in Hong Kong appeals to you, try this game."
,Recommended,307690,20796494,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SKILLS,GTA in China.10/10
,Recommended,307690,20796829,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Loyalteez,High Tier Game.
76561198031670238,Recommended,307690,21070917,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ghol4,Good little time waster.
,Recommended,307690,21194787,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mouk32,"Damn Good!I played 22 hours over three days... that said, I already finished the game before. But seeing the Definitive Edition on Steam, which includes absolutely all the DLCs made me buy it again... And I definitely don't regret it!Indeed, this ""Definitive Edition"" is more hungry in ressources, you gonna need a pretty good computer if you want to enjoy the game really smoothly.In my case, I played it on a laptop (Ultrabook, Core i7, 10Gb ram, GeForce 620M 1Gb from Asus)... Not the best for this game, but still able to play in 720p with all settings set to minimum and ""Low resolution buffering"" turned on. It looks more pixelated than GTA IV and goes bellow 15fps quite often but turning it to 800x600 makes the subtitles unreadable. I wonder what the dev had in mind when they set the subtitles that small (even in 1080p, the text is just way too small!)Gameplay-wise, it's like you never seen in any GTA-Like games: Dynamic combats like you could see in the Batman Series (you gonna master Kung-Fu!), a real Parkour gameplay (not as good as Mirror's Edge or Dying Light, but it still make a ""plus"" in the game), plus some really cool addition in driving. You can jump from your car while driving to reach another car (really ""action movie-like"" during pursuits!) or dash enemies with your car by hitting a bouton. It's not a crazy addition, but I find it really smart.After that you got the now usual character customization (clothes, many shops around the town and some you get as a reward), cars to by, and bit of RPG-like customization.The main story is blockbuster-like: extremely dynamic, damn immersive and pretty well driven. There's many side-missions (some are interesting to play), races (I find them a lot alike some old school Need For Speed Underground)...The only thing I kinda regret, is that you hang out with many girls, but there's actually no romance around them, you just call them one time and then they're gone (get the reward from them straigh away, and they vanish from your phone), I think the dev didn't spend time working on this side of the game. While I found it kinda useless in GTA, I feel I miss this possibility in this game.DLCs wise, the Halloween one if really fun to play and add few more hours of gameplay (yeah we can mee ""Not Ping"" again! Finally). The whole city went rogue in this never-ending night, people are possessed and we get to meet again some dead guys from the main story (as ghosts)Year of the Snake puts you more in the cop side of the game, I loved the joke about the uniform, but the DLC in itself is quite repetitive... It kinda sucks to be an every day cop! But there's a story within it which is worth to be played.I regret they're not totally integrated to the main game though, some combos are missing, we cannot change our clothes... Our cars disappeared... But everything you unlock within the DLCs is unlocked in the main game! So it's not that bad.To make it short: I put this game in my ""Favorite"" list, and there's not so much game in there (I'm really picky).So go ahead and by this game if you like modern open-world games like GTA! You won't regret it, there's a lot of fun playing this one!"
76561198083667852,Recommended,307690,21171979,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,patmc281,"Amazing game! The story, soundtrack, the voice acting, and more importantly the KUNG FU!I will admit, it is an older game, so the physics and gunplay leave a bit to be desired, but the graphics aren't terrible and the animations are very smooth. I enjoyed the serious tone to the game and its gripping storyline, as well as a few of the side missions, all while still being able to have some fun with it too. (big ol' Raiden straw hat, iconic yellow Bruce Lee jumpsuit, mopeds, even has gambling) plus, Kung fu!I would recommend this at full price, but especially if you can pick it up for $8."
,Recommended,307690,21197649,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,¡SirePWNsAlotª,I look forward to Sleeping Dogs II
,Recommended,307690,21068546,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,TgtLR,"I would absoultely recommend this game to a lot of people, if you like having a complex and diverse story this game is for you, I found myself very happy with the ending, (A few final cut scenes were a little questionable *cough* BSL with the shotgun *cough*) but I absolutely loved it, and I can't wait to play the DLC next!"
,Recommended,307690,30699148,Posted: 23 March,all,WaterMalone,"Finally finished the game and it was worth itKung Fu, cars, more kung fu, GTA with kung fu, and the story was 8/10. Overall experience was fun"
,Recommended,307690,21121292,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,mznd_coc,A good game! Love the old Hong Kong setting! :) thumbs up!
76561198271661154,Recommended,307690,21115112,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,vagamer01 (goro akechi),"Game has alot to ask for people wanting a game in hong kongstory,kung fu,gunplay,music, vechiles,clothes i can go on foreverproblem though is face rep you have to have alot of face rep to earn and wear a piece of clothingnow i aint gonna spoil the ending but it will leave you confusedback to face rep the face rep missions are very boring except for the racing parts which are very goodnow i have not played the DLC and i hope for a Sleeping Dogs 2 :D9/10 pretty good game i hope if they make a Sleeping Dogs 2 i hope they remove face rep to make the game better and add half gunplay and kung fu in the next gamesquare enix never dissapointed :D"
76561198017114744,Recommended,307690,33235039,Posted: 4 July,all,Telchar,Interesting story. A bit of wobbly driving and semi-solid melee combat.
76561198106977957,Recommended,307690,33202290,Posted: 3 July,all,GabzZz1up,"Sleeping Dogs is a blend of the GTA and Yakuza series. If you like those games, I highly recommend you play this."
,Recommended,307690,33191650,Posted: 3 July,all,xtra,chinese gta pokgai
76561198365481847,Recommended,307690,33223683,Posted: 4 July,all,Postrakyle,i like the free roam in china
76561198004783263,Recommended,307690,33261716,Posted: 4 July,all,{GreyDeathSpank,"This game is so awesome! 9/10!!! Best parts of games like GTA, and Saints Row packed into a high octane Kung Fu Action movie!! There is so much to do in this game too! Worth a buy."
,Recommended,307690,33323942,Posted: 6 July,all,Vixenoshia™,"I love this game but wtf? crashes every 15 min or so.  Definitive Edition my♥♥♥♥♥*EDIT*   Found an easy fix, go to services, select Touch Keyboard and Handwriting Panel Service and stop it before playing the game."
,Recommended,307690,33320257,Posted: 6 July,all,ilhamtaufik,"So if you're running Intel HD Graphics like my laptop is, dont get this as it wont perform well. Don't get me wrong, the game is beautiful and I was looking forward to enjoy it but I would only recommend getting it if you are certain you can run it."
,Recommended,307690,33340249,Posted: 7 July,all,cyrus,10/10 unreal played it on xbox and played it again with better graphics and loved it
76561198301306671,Recommended,307690,33383680,Posted: 8 July,all,Jynxii,guys will you help me?my game crash when im start the game what the problem?
76561198130000756,Recommended,307690,33383263,Posted: 8 July,all,JUST SUPER SAIYAN 3,10 for 10
76561198059095591,Recommended,307690,33380683,Posted: 8 July,all,Vendetta,Epic Hong Kong gangster open world.
,Recommended,307690,33468504,Posted: 11 July,all,Ralphie,funnest game ever
,Recommended,307690,33451297,Posted: 11 July,all,Turk3y hellcase.com,cant stop playing XD this game is extremely fun
76561198153253141,Recommended,307690,33438655,Posted: 10 July,all,zaibatzu,Karaoke that's all i have to say
76561198167508166,Recommended,307690,33445711,Posted: 10 July,all,LanguishedUnmaking,"A criminally underrated game. Arkham style combat, interesting characters, and great story makes this one of my favorite open world sandbox games ever made. The DLC is actually good.If you have a glitch that makes it unable to escape the police, temporarily set your frame rate lock in advanced display settings to 30 FPS. You can switch it back after the scene."
,Recommended,307690,33273062,Posted: 5 July,all,Feliza cute as fuckkk <3,"This game is amazing, if feels so satisfying when you just kick those bad guys asses in slow motion and stuff. This game is well optimized compared to crappy GTA 4 with a crappy port. I really recommend this game. If you love emotional action, fist to fist combat with many different styles from Kung fu to MMA, if you love racing, if you love parkour, I love this game <3"
76561198069619829,Recommended,307690,33279310,Posted: 5 July,all,Potato Jackfruit [M.I.L.L.I],Bought this game no regrets. this game is really entertaning. So close to a hong kong movie. Very good story line. Better den GTA i should say. <3
76561198273366526,Recommended,307690,33280169,Posted: 5 July,all,EliteNation,"An honestly great game that is often overlooked by most gamers. An undercover cop brawler set in Hong Kong is an awesome concept and thankfully the game does delivers on that promise. The story is gripping as you get to know the local thugs and have conflicting feelings along the way. There are many twists and turns that keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time. But if you are ever tired of main story, the side missions are very enjoyable as well. The combat is okay, but makes up for it with exciting enviromental takedowns and a fun driving system. If you ever have one of those days where you are feeling down, this game will lighten up your day with its fun sandbox."
,Recommended,307690,33307277,Posted: 6 July,all,Amrie47,AWESOME!!! THE MUST BUYING GAME ON STEAM
,Recommended,307690,33339804,Posted: 7 July,all,Courier Six,"No dogs,just asian guy that good at kung fu10/10 would run over drug bust with a car again"
,Recommended,307690,21985825,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Mr. Prince,The only place where you can date Emma Stone. lol
,Recommended,307690,22211818,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Trueking HK 總經群島,Best game.
,Recommended,307690,22150727,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,JinnX,"This game is awesome and gave me the final push I needed to go buy a triple monitor setup. There's already hundreds of in depth reviews, just get this game, nuff said. Oh and FYI if you're having performance issues, in-game lower the AA from ""Extreme"" to ""Normal"" you won't be missing anything & you'll gain 30fps or more. My gtx970\4790K setup plays this smooth as butter on 3x 1080p screens (5760x1080).  Lastly, if devs ever read this, I really really hope you guys have a Sleeping Dogs 2 in the works."
,Recommended,307690,21938739,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Matches Malone,"I've achieved 100% game completion across all the story modes for this game and this my honest review of it.This game would be a combination of L.A. Noire and GTA elements.The city of Hong Kong is beautifully depicted with it's various back alleys and short cuts to give your assailants a chase. What defines it from other games is it's combat system.There are various martial arts combos you can unlock as you increase your level but the best part is you can use your surrounding environment to defeat your enemies. Slam his head against a car door , send him through an aquarium,drown him in a toilet or shred his face against a grinder there are endless possibilities of taking down your enemies.The in-game radio is full of songs which you would expect to hear in Hong Kong and is satisfying if not very good. The story is engaging and has good depth to it.The Definitive Edition bundles all the DLC's in it and this is my opinion of them....they are AMAZING. They have a good story and are quite engaging ensuring you wont get bored of it.This game is like a gem in an ocean of glass stones. My overall rating 8.5/10"
76561198075364444,Recommended,307690,21956862,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Stonewall,Finaly finished this game after buying it years ago 11/10 More hours of play time then I put into this game I just loved the story so much I kept to the main story line. Also forgot I havnt played any of the DLC
,Recommended,307690,22309795,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,NinjaSlasher,Great game
76561198017912501,Recommended,307690,22476651,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,thehairymountainman,"It took me a while to get around to playing this, but I have thoroughly enjoyed it so far.A little dated now.But a game that feels like it has a richly made world; makes me feel like Jackie Chan movies (police story) meets GTA.Would recommend if you like open world crime/ cop games"
,Not Recommended,307690,22482023,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Aidan Kozak,"Got an 8650G, game says I need a 2400, I get 20 FPS on 640 by 4800/10"
,Recommended,307690,22480419,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,last man standing,"Great game, with an extremly good Atmosphere, amazing character writing, memorable Moments, and a must if you like old Chinese/Quentin Tarantino Movies."
,Recommended,307690,22457743,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Emma Bear Gnomes,I love it.
,Recommended,307690,18497928,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Run The Jewels,"I like it better than GTA - marathoned it for 40 hours in a weekend. But, it's also more relatable to me since I speak Cantonese."
76561198008632471,Recommended,307690,18005911,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Barackis,"This is possibly my favorite game of all time... I played the hell out of the original and when I saw the Definitive Edition I still grabbed the game again.If you like combat like the Batman Arkam series... this takes Batman to the next level... it is very intuitive and once you master your fighting skills, you will find yourself doing♥♥♥♥♥♥that will make you wince but you won't be able to stop.  Breaking people's arms, legs, crushing their wind pipes with chops, counters, reversals, flipping over, climbing up and kneeing in the face - crazy combat.The cars look amazing the paint jobs look like they are wet paint as if you could stick your finger in them... you have to figure out how to slide into turns at high speeds using the shift key.Once you figure out the fighting controls and driving controls... you will get addicted to the game and want to play ALL content.  The story is amazing... You will want to do the police missions and the gang missions...The voice acting is TOP notch, the characters feel real and its like your in your own action movie playing as Jet Li or Bruce Lee ONLY you can speak english!MUST HAVE!    101/10"
76561197981780917,Recommended,307690,30543797,Posted: 16 March,all,Guvnor Gav,"before I get into my full review lets not split any hairs here, this is clearly a GTA knock off, but over recent years I have become incresingly bored of GTA for its high repetitive nature, I actually bought the original version of Sleeping dogs a few years ago during a Christmas sale but I never played it much as I bored of that whole GTA style of play.But when I saw the Definitive Edition on sale I decided to pick it up, I had always been interested in playing SD but never really found the mood, and this seemed like the right time.I have to admit I am glad I bought this, yes it is still a GTA knock offbut its one with a little more class, and also consequence. I could never really get the whole idea of there being no consequence of the crimes you do in open in GTA, yet in SD this is not the case.The story plays out very well, and although there are no consequencial choices to be made that decide the end game, the story keeps you entertained, and makes you feel for the characters involved. Using a PC this game is clearly designed for console or at best console controller, its one of the few negatives I have with the game, certain parts of the game had to be repeated due to the complex keyboard commands, but once mastered the game was very entertaining.In the main game there is a lot of content to access, be it the main storyline, the police file missions, the police support missions, the public support missions, and thats not including the side quests available via your mobile phone. Also if you do enjoy racing there are plenty of race missions to get your teeth into. I suppose one could say you get out of this game what you put in, the more you put in the more enjoyment there is.The graphics were impressive especially the weather effects, even though this is the DE version there are moment when the graphics look a little dated, but then again I didn't buy this game for the graphics, I bought it for the story.Of course no game is perfect and below is a list of gripes I have with the game from what I have not already mentioned.1: You can't carry a gun, at least not for longAlthough its clear the devs wanted to limit gun play to certain parts of the game, there are areas of the game that are simply impossible without one, for instance there is drug bust section of the game that can outnumber you 10-1 and even with decent protection, it can be a high challenge. Part of this challenge was good, however there are moments I would have preferred a gun to quicken the pace. When you get one you can holster it, but there comes a point when it goes missing. Not sure if this is a bug or if this is intentional, either way it was highly annoying.2: You can't revisit relationshipsThere are four females you become intimate with, although the first one is kind of revisited via a side mission, the others are not and in the end seem pointless. In GTA if you want to you can revisit certain females but here you can't. The second to last female you hang with is a Russian, I have to admit she does introdude a very good Police mission. But thre was one I wanted to revisit and that was a techie called Ping, her role in the game was so short lived, there are moments in the game that her technical knowhow could have been very useful in the game. Also what happened to the American, they got Emma Stone to voice her, yet she seems to disapper.3: Game AI is a little stupidThis is mainly the civilian population, I have seen them walk out on to the street and get hit by car. I mean WTF.....4: Where is your crew?When you become the leader of your gang, there are far too many scenes that you run solo, you can't call for backup, it has to be completed solo. Part of me wonders if this was a slight oversight by the devs, but it got a little annoying when you couldn't complete a drug bust without backup especially when the odds are not in your favour.There maybe more gripes to note but none worth mentioning here, the ones I mentioned above are not game stoppers, just scraching head moments.I am looking forward to playing the DLCs now the main story is complete.Although I was gutted to hear that the development team of Sleeping Dogs has now shut down, I just hope a new dev team pick up the licence to make a sequel, Watch Dogs is aweful and would much prefer to revisit SD again."
76561198027553869,Recommended,307690,17574771,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Tactical GummyBear,this game is perfection
,Recommended,307690,16567449,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Suburban White Kid,"Very fun game. The parkour & combat mechanics are great & the city of Hong Kong is beautiful. The atmosphere is great & really captures what it was going for. The only downside was the driving which can feel a bit odd. Other than that, it's a game well worth the money."
,Recommended,307690,16573458,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jsvcycling,"While I'm enjoying the storyline, I'm finding that the gameplay is less than ideal. While combat gameplay is very well implemented, I find it hard to enjoy running (or driving) around the city. Vehicular physics are pretty wonky and not even remotely realistic and the camera can make it hard to see where you're actually going.In all honesty, the game feels like a Hong Kong-themed Grand Theft Auto knock-off...6/10"
76561198119724919,Recommended,307690,16575901,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,IJIJIJI,Very fun but the driving controls... hell.
,Recommended,307690,16590313,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Seductive Panda,"I find this game entertaining and exciting, just like GTA but this game is more badass. You can be a triad or a police (or Bruce Lee, make your choice). I usually play these only when my internet is slow and its worth it. I recommend this game to those who are bored or would like to do mission type games, collecting items or just making havoc."
76561198140188816,Recommended,307690,16509870,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,TheKingOfPlagues,ive only played a little bit of the game... the story so far is pretty good and the combat is fantastic (other than a lack of a dodge button) but i have to say im a little dissapoined in the parkour aspect. the mechanic is ok but there arent really many places you can actually do stuff other than jump over some waist high bars. i would still recommend this game but if youre getting it for the parkour then i wouldnt get my hopes up.
,Recommended,307690,16514153,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,m00kfu,"Loving this game! Never got around to it when it first came out but when I found out there was an HD remaster of it I picked it up.  Great story line, great hand to hand combat.  The only thing I dislike about it is the aiming reticle when shooting a gun can be hard to see."
76561198119906342,Recommended,307690,16517765,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lajnscek,Best game ever.
76561197978113455,Recommended,307690,16518270,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,toneff,"This game is Asian GTA. If you like GTA or Saints Row you should definitely buy this game. Among the game's many positives are: Hong Kong culture, Triad culture, a great variety of soundtrack, a focus on martial arts instead of just shooting up everything, and an amazing story. The tension in the story comes from Wei Shen's equivocal position between being an undercover cop, and being a rogue who has a personal vendetta to dominate Hong Kong's underworld.There are a few frustrating things about the game. If you're playing the PC version, the menus feel a bit laggy, and there are a couple of missions where counterattacks just do not register consistently (Death by a Thousand Cuts). Read the YouTube comments on this mission for hilarity. Another bug is when you throw a knife at someone, and it bounces off of them at high speed and instantly kills you (even from full health).If there is one piece of advice I can give you, it is to look up what the fastest vehicles are for each type of race and to buy them, because some races are absolutely impossible to win without the right vehicle (try winning a B-class race with the HKPD SUV -- use the Terre GT instead) . In the races, the computer-controlled drivers will often ram you at the start (asian drivers), and if you find yourself being overtaken on a straightaway it's because you have an underpowered vehicle.Another tip is to use the uniform that gives double cop XP for all of the missions that are colored blue. Even without the uniform, it is easiest to max out cop xp for the bonuses, almost as easy to max out face xp, and very difficult to max out Triad XP.Other than trying to win races without buying the fastest vehicles, and the sometimes inconsistent fighting mechanics (laggy registers on counterattack timings), this game truly has an amazing story that should not be missed by anyone who is a fan of the open world GTA style games. Buy Asian GTA."
,Recommended,307690,16667213,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,GT-R,"Hong Kong is a beautiful City. If you have never been there , buy this game. The Graphic look so perfect beside you can't touch the fighting dealer guy. The Project car from Dr.Tang is so freaking awesome. I like to mess wtih cops with that car lol. HKPD Police car is GT-R........Well even though the whole game is such the copy from real life....it has amazing story. It worth playing it."
,Recommended,307690,16671998,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Recksinn,"Amazing graphical improvment,even if not bought on sale it is still worth your money 10/10."
,Recommended,307690,16479874,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Deins,"It's a very nice game. Characters are great, story is incredible and in some parts even shocking, fighting is perfect if you're a fan of Bruce Lee. Driving and shooting aren't too good. But the free roam and side activities are also very nice. One of my all-time favorite games."
,Recommended,307690,16485735,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ulysses,You play as an criminal who was in the beginning of the game caught and arrested after being involved with a drug bust and murder of a cop. You are recruited by the police to iniltrate surrounding gangs to provide intel for the police. The game reminds me a lot of Watch Dogs honestly. It has the best hand to hand combat ever in video games. There are a lot of stupid inconsistances that appear in the story and game but in general it is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,307690,16486014,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Richard,"I really enjoyed this game a lot. Great story, great pacing. Gameplay was good. Characters were engaging and well written. Would recommend."
,Recommended,307690,16490912,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Omonos,I realy am enjoying this game i give it +1If grand theft auto was good than this is AMAZING :)
,Recommended,307690,17606965,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Skyrim_Gamer74,"Fun game. I had Sleeping Dogs originally for XBOX 360 back in the day and enjoyed this game. I feel SD is a highly underrated game that is worth anyone's time and money. However, if you own this version of this game on XB One or PS4 than don't bother unless you absolutely must have it for PC as well."
,Recommended,307690,17509465,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,KNACK IS BACK,"Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥for some reason, but if you can deal with low framerates of 30-55, this is amazing fun. Buy the ancient cat looking outfit from the DLC vendor, and you can pretend you're an ancient chinese spirit come back to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up."
76561198010800766,Recommended,307690,17759951,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,84%
76561198281847938,Recommended,307690,22405370,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,dagdagan.christian,Game: 9/10Graphics:8/10
76561198019535566,Recommended,307690,23048719,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,White Comet,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ I hope they come out with a proper sequel!!!!
76561198008582046,Recommended,307690,22960858,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Grahost,"""We're a family Wei, we gotta stick together, right?"", Winston asked as they were driving to Uncle Po, the chairman of their criminal Empire in Hong Kong.""Right"", answered the undercover cop"
,Recommended,307690,23037965,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,`NavZz,The main character is OP as f**. The story is good. You can put a police in a car's trunk and drive it into the sea. You can get laid. I just wish you can set a specific paint of your car in the garage as the valet.10/10
76561198002639946,Recommended,307690,23033567,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Doug S - NJ,Enjoyed the game... very much like Saints Row... I enjoyed the story. And the side missions... a couple small bugs but mostly fine... It got a little repetitive but thats most games.Overall 7 of 10...
,Recommended,307690,24480775,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Black Jesus,"fighting game, has more race missions than gta."
,Recommended,307690,24490062,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Frosting,"Sleeping Dogs is a love letter to Kung Fu movie fans and GTA fans alike. While at first glance Sleeping dogs is just a gta 5 reskin set in Hong Kong, it is so much more. I has more gratifing chases and vehicle combat, and story. The ening of the story could be disappointing to some, but it in no way takes away from the experience. The Definitive edition is the way to go because that is where the fan service is. All the Dlc is filled with fun easter eggs for hardcore kung fu fans."
76561198056540451,Recommended,307690,24478464,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Eneko,"This could easily have been GTA 4.5 :)An absolute must play if you are a GTA fan like myself. I was a little sceptic at first but the game is realy up to standard of the GTA series and it is very refreshing to be in a Hong Kong like city with many eastern aspects to the game, like for example the melee combat.The voice acting is good, the story is nice, a lot of stuff to do, explore and find. And the women you meet are actualy hot, something Rockstar just can't seem to get right :)Tecnicaly it works great on SLI + Surround and with the Definitive Edition the graphics are totaly up to the standards, even in 2016. Big thumbs up for this one!"
76561198116800946,Not Recommended,307690,24508713,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,chowdhury1000,Don't get me wrong excellent game. Excellent combat and setting. But this game randomly quits on Windows 10.about to finish a long mission? Lets have the game randomly quit to desktop and you have to repeat the mission again. Sleeping dogs is excellent but the PC port is terrible. Pick this up for console if you can
,Recommended,307690,24507135,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,person 136,this game is the best game ever
76561198170413653,Recommended,307690,24270379,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,IRoNiC beATz,"I really want to play this game and I can, but not well. It is not the game itself, it's my PC, it's garbage. This game runs at like 15-20fps and it's almost unplayable, well actually IT IS unplayable. What's good about it though is that even at that terrible fram rate, I still enjoyed the little I have played of this game. When I get a better PC, I will write a better review, but for now this is it. It is a great game from what I have experienced and you should try it out."
,Recommended,307690,24313439,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,允儿,NICE GAME!!!!!!!! Went to Hongkong and feels like I'm playing the game. Lol
,Recommended,307690,24266653,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Seaman Stains,"Man, what a surpriseBought it on sale and put off playing it as I dismissed it as a GTA clone. Whilst there are some striking similarities in gameplay (as expected) the massive differance I found was I was actually gripped by the story and its characters unlike that of GTA or Saints Row.Clocking in about 15 hours the length is just about right for a game of its ilk, and unlike most of games in the last few years it dosen't falter in its last third and goes out with a bang rather than a old♥♥♥♥♥♥wheezeDeffo play it"
76561198243786474,Recommended,307690,25250938,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,JunaydNawaz,10 pork buns out of 10
,Recommended,307690,30858520,Posted: 31 March,all,Barangay Captain,Great Game....
,Recommended,307690,24397976,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jerricko,1) Complete the long intro2) Find a monastary3) Beat the crap out of every monk there5) Steal a car and windshield cannon myself into a butcher stall and getting stuck in there11/10 Would be chinese butcher again
,Recommended,307690,24424975,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Toleot Rex,"Excellent pork buns, 10/10 would buy pork buns again!"
76561198038473931,Recommended,307690,24501639,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Leo (Lokite),At first glance it might seem like a GTA clone.It's a'ight.
,Recommended,307690,24558331,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Donald Trump,"This game is basically GTA in Hong Kong with better story, combat system and city design."
76561197972650948,Recommended,307690,24567063,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,noskillz,"The story was too short, but good while it lasted. Enemies don't realistically gang up on you during fights. The street races were fun. I didn't receive a definitive edition discount after buying the original."
,Recommended,307690,24731920,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,FoxClubNiner,I enjoyed the martial arts style combat and the unique setting of Hong Kong. I'd love to play a sequel.
76561198064015050,Recommended,307690,24535357,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,seallvin,Good Games
,Recommended,307690,24617426,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,aa - s3vendt [SS7],"I was upstairs, playing this game, then, all of a sudden, I was downstairs, so I was like; ""What the hell? I might as well just grab some noodles!""|    /    ,.~~~~~~~~\~~~~ |~/ ~~~~~/    ""11/10 would eat noodles again""\         | /            /                     ~Vincent\___|/_____/"
,Recommended,307690,24572160,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,kkgg84,Cool hand fighting combat
,Recommended,307690,24624400,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Ad8Pro,"This game is fun and has cars and chinese people. Plus I get to run over chinese people and steal cop cars so, 9/10  ~Ad8Pro | Gamerz Hotspot"
76561198349087375,Recommended,307690,30832399,Posted: 30 March,all,paulbean150,"awesome game, gta and street fighter in one"
76561198045344356,Recommended,307690,24586352,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,✪ Asparizone,"An excellent game because unlike other open world sandobx games of this type , this game actully focuses on the hand to hand combat rather than guns which is a nice and frest step over the other similar titles out there , truly a gem of a game ."
,Recommended,307690,24780894,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,NorthernLights,"GTA meets Tekken in Hong Kong.OK story, large open world city that rivals with GTA. A well rendered Hong Kong atmosphere. Satisfying fights.  I bought this game both on XBOX 360 and PC and don't regret it; I come back to it regularly.It's not for everyone, hence the mixed ratings. But if you're like me it might hit a spot. I love Hong Kong, Kung Fu movies, large cities and open world games. So if none of these things float your boat then objectively you probably won't love this game."
76561198024969911,Recommended,307690,25848725,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Yendor,"Sleeping dogs is a fun game - it's open world similar to the Grand Theft Auto series (but not identical - it emphasises melee combat  and ramming cars off the road, and has less variety of side quests).The plot is engaging. It has a variety of side missions as well as the main one. The upgrade system is fun (But fair warning; Buy the retro triad legendary outfit early on and wear it for all story missions or you may not make it to max triad level).I really like the way they have integrated what had been add-on packs with a few missions into the main game. Having them as sidequests in the middle of the game is more interesting than having a few extra missions you do all at once at max level."
,Recommended,307690,25766067,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,zac_carpenter,okay so I got this on a deal and after playing it I would gladly buy this game at full price since it is fan♥♥♥♥ingtastic and worth the money so go and buy this
76561198139554077,Recommended,307690,18732379,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,chinesemario,despite name and apperance it presents a far different gaming experince to nentendogs.......
,Recommended,307690,17457082,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,ADD ME FOR GWENT,"Sleeping Dogs is an open world action-adventure title much like the GTA series. When I first started, I was quickly drawn into the unique Cantonese speaking characters of Hong Kong and her traids. The story started out very interesting and was narrated by superb cut-scenes, which kept me playing for hours.However, I felt that the story was sadly cut into smaller chunks when you start to get involved with the numerous side jobs and races. The races were very fun, and the motorcycle racing was tough, but honestly the side jobs were poorly done and often repetitive. Sure, the whole purpose was to showcase Wei's role as an undercover cop and that he had to run errands for both sides (and also to increase game content), but the sheer number of missions was offputting. I suggest doing a few of each type (they are colour-coded, for eg orange for street races) and just concentrate on the main campaign.That said, the campaign was really good and there were tons of fights, both martial arts style and with firearms. You would fall in love with certain characters and then get your heart broken. It seemed like Wei really enjoys loyalty and betrayal for breakfast.8/10"
76561198027289685,Recommended,307690,18690959,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MarcusSeven,"Sleeping dogs is a great 3rd person open world action game in the same vein as the GTA series. Set in the dark underbelly of Hong Kong, it's the game plays out like a John Woo film, complete with dirty cops, conflicting royalties, and noble criminals.. The hand to hand fighting system is well thought out and easy to get into and the slow motion gun battles make it great fun.The only gameplay issue I had with it is the same issue I have with all GTA type games. The driving mechanics is sloppy and a bit difficult.All in all, a great game and well worth the money I paid for it."
,Recommended,307690,30577810,Posted: 17 March,all,theUnluckyWizard,It's fun
,Recommended,307690,14105656,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,☯Meraculus☯,"A guide to having a great time in Hong Kong:Step 1: Grab a person you want to hang out with.Step 2: Throw them in the trunkStep 3: Take them around Hong KongStep 4: Visit shops, phone booths, bridges, etc.,Step 5: Repeat step 1 - 412/10"
76561198036072139,Recommended,307690,14393055,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Valkyrie,"Oki this game would get a perfect score IF I had played it on something else then my computer, but the key mapping can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥. but with that said.. I am really digging this game so yes.. 9/10 :)"
,Recommended,307690,14382165,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Hypemaster,"Man who never eats pork bun Is never a whole manGreat game if you like fighting people and driving.Also the shooting segments of the game were done great.Played great with my 980, great fps and it just looks amazing.I didn't run into any game breaking bugs, only ran into an audio bug twice.Played great with a keyboard and mouse.9/10."
,Recommended,307690,14398740,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,LunarLotus,The DLC's for this game are on sale and everytime I try to buy any one of them it says I need the original Sleeping Dogs game whicch is no longer available. Pretty upset. Other than that the game is pretty amazing.
,Recommended,307690,14399726,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,P H Y S I C A L  R E M O V A L,"i played this game on the xbox360. One of the best single-player games i've ever played. Now that i got it on sale, i get to enjoy this game even more now that i have a good PC to run on ultra settings"
,Recommended,307690,14400331,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,bobsled,"I could talk about the good combat system, or the great sandbox world, or the hefty amount of content, but no, the only reason I will reccomend this game is because of how amazingly entertaining it is to flying jump kick random people in the street then just look at everyone just stand there and watch me go like the majestic man i am"
76561198026184618,Recommended,307690,14400633,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Uncle Timo,"This game.This game reminds me of GTA San Andreas.  When GTA was over the top, funny and fun to play.Except this takes place in Hong Kong.  But if you think GTA game in Honk Kong, you have the jist of what this game is all about.This game is... awesome.Most fun I have had since STALKER: Shadow of Chernobyl.Free world, go anywhere you want.  Perform side missions (or don't).  Infiltrate the triad and become attached to the ""bad guys"".  Steal a car and murder a bunch of people because you are off to do a ""cop job"", in which you arrest bad guys and rescue civilians.Woo beautiful (pixelated) women and drive exotic cars... or is it woo cars and drive exotic women...Eat a hundred pork buns.Become a buddhist to gain extra health.This game is an experience.GO BUY IT.  PLAY IT.NAO."
,Recommended,307690,14401075,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Cryoreaper,A great game with lots of content. Although it has all of the dlc and has upgraded graphics it doesn't feel as polished and integrated as it should have been. It feels like a money grab like the re-release of fable:the lost chapters that offers not much more that the original game other than the graphics.All in all still a good game with the acception of Nightmare at northpoint (one of the dlcs) which feels like a crazy idea by the developers that they tinkered with in their free time. It does not fit in with the rest of the story and doesn't offer anything in my opinion.Buy it if its on sale and you don't have sleeping dogs already.8/10 great game but release feels like a money grab.
,Recommended,307690,16953883,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,end2draw,A good game despite a lotta cantonese cursing.
,Recommended,307690,26858726,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[bN] wushupork,"This game is everything an open world crime drama action game should be. Vastly underrated when it came out, it stands alone as a jewel in the rough; my only wish would be for them to make a sequel. Also, the karaoke mini-game is surprisingly campy fun."
,Recommended,307690,26873700,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,oscartheangel,"Sir, can I have some more please?So much more it could be done...love the game."
,Recommended,307690,26755037,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,FriendlyGoon,"Don't pay full price for this! it's so god d*mn repeatitious. If you're buying this for an open world melle focused game, the fighting is fun. other than that, it's justy the same thing, over and over.TLDR; Run, kick, s*itty minigame, mission end."
76561198085245987,Recommended,307690,26983589,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MayMay,nice-la.
,Recommended,307690,26918052,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Miko the BoostGod,Such a fun game at any time.Got to get back to those Cantonese gangster roots sometimes.
,Recommended,307690,20006852,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Spinney,"Favourite Openworld game to date. Great story, and still feel attached to the world like its my home :)10.10 Would sing ""Take on Me"" out of tune again"
,Recommended,307690,26954338,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jfh2112,Best open-world game that isn't GTAV
,Recommended,307690,22556566,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Xanthun,"I had a great time with Sleeping Dogs.I actually really love this game. It is just super fun, the melee, the driving, the dlc, even the story, its just all good. Even the secondary open world content is fun enough to keep me playing and 100% the game. Of course it isn't perfect, it has it's fair share of bugs and issues. It ran great for the most part for me. I did have a few crashes and one play session with some super weird freezing. But even after some negatives, it is still just a super fun game to play. I don't know why but it seems like a lot of people overlook this game. If you like 3rd person brawlers and open world games then do yourself a favor and buy Sleeping Dogs."
,Recommended,307690,30920705,Posted: 3 April,all,Arthur Savage,Wei sheng mu fam was real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥got real in this game you should buy or i will pull up on your grib
,Recommended,307690,27065855,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,#,Asian GTA.
76561198066821724,Recommended,307690,27064528,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ragenthu,If GTA and the Batman Arkham series had a child it would be this.It has one of the best stories in gaming that I can remember.The DLC is short but sweet.Hope you like pork buns
76561198067152484,Recommended,307690,26880043,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FlawlessAzn,Grand Theft Auto in Chinatown! What more could you want?
,Recommended,307690,27060531,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xephr,It b da bomb
,Recommended,307690,25969814,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Marijane45,Gameplay is so good.
76561198166649660,Recommended,307690,17038098,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,bip,"Like the fight, but that's all"
76561197979281557,Recommended,307690,16956353,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,marchfawn,They have fixed a few problems with this game such as which buttons you use to do things!. It's still to hard to get the Gym sequences to trigger but it's well worth buying the Remastered Version to get the upgrades. I havent noticed a lot of difference with the graphics. I consider this to be one of my best games!
76561197964368995,Recommended,307690,16999892,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Ade,"Utterly awesome, Ultra smooth at maxed-out settings even when there's total chaos and mayhem on the screenThe story is intriguing and plays mostly like a GTA game (IV and V are very similar to this) lot of things to play around withIf you love the GTA series and you want a different theme (definitely gorier and more borderline legal/illegal gameplay, you are an undercover cop here :-P ) then you have to get this oneWith all the DLCs and the end-game collectibles, minigames and extra missions you will have a lenghtly playtime experience"
76561198118290592,Recommended,307690,17001659,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,wwwIndianmancom,"This game is a masterpiece, the story is amazing, the characters are top notch, and the graphics are spot on. BUT THE CAMERA IS THE MOST ANNOYING THIS IN THE ENTIRE HISTORY OF GAMING."
76561198106152850,Recommended,307690,17046520,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,STRAT GOD,11/10
,Recommended,307690,17046745,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Capz,"Bought this in a sale. massed over 30 hours and I have not even started the DLC yet! great game, great writing, nice action.I like that there is no major emphasis on weapons. Only during certain events the story goes with guns blazing.The atmosphere is awesome, really unique as opposed to american cities.Story sticks, is engaging and wants you to learn more.on stupid thing though, women are used as powerups, nothing more... very poor."
,Recommended,307690,17016771,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,mvxjb,"One of my favourite games of all time. Havent done 100% or any DLC, but I finished main story line and got over 15 hours of fun, entertaining gameplay. Punching Triad thugs, and breaking various limbs never gets old, and there are certainly many opportunities to do so. Also, Wei Shen's voice actor did an amazing job, so did Jackie's.SPOILER: R.I.P. Jackie Ma9/10"
,Recommended,307690,17024325,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,MajorSplurt,"One of the few games I would rate 10/10, Sleeping Dogs is an absolutely fantastic game in every regard. Whether you get Definitive Edition or not doesn't matter. Just get it."
76561197983962655,Recommended,307690,17024939,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,naryan,"I had far more fun playing this game than I ever did playing Grand Theft Auto.GTA piles on the polish and the content, but what it lacks is soul.I think it's deliberately been made as a place you don't want to be, but the end result is that Sleeping Dogs stays with you after the put the controller away and really makes you think, and long to jump back into the world screaming around the city streets in a way GTA never could.It's a throwback to the days when big budget games hadn't forgotten how to have fun.Sleeping Dogs does something amazing that almost no other game knows how to do.  It makes you feel like an absolute badass, while simultaneously messing around and having good old-fashioned silly fun; you're constantly in either one mode or the other.The car handling is smooth and arcadey, the combat feels hard-hitting and crunchy, the environmental kills are comically brutal and satisfying, the voice acting is absolutely top-notch, including the Cantonese, the story is genuinely engrossing, with fantastic pacing and good variety, the gunplay is solid if uninspired, the world is colourful and beautiful and bursting with life.There absolutely needs to be a sequel to this game."
,Recommended,307690,17026675,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,NemesiS,The Who - Eminence Front. 'Nuff said.10/10 would Shen again.
,Recommended,307690,17072780,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Typewriter,"Open World, Kung-Fu, and interesting storyline? I can spend hours trying to finish this game9/10, i need more clothes"
76561198120197260,Recommended,307690,17073359,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Rancho,Definitely better than GTA 4.these all are CONs:-Awesome graphics-good optimization so it runs nice on most low ends-very nice and engaging story-fighting system-to bad side its arcade drivinge BUT nice stunts-rewarding collectibles-wei how they add DLC's into the main storyline-when were you last time in Hong Kong?-nice soundtrack-that rain effect! :D
,Recommended,307690,17074047,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Otacosan,"Sleeping Dogs at first glance it seems a bad copy of GTA , but I can assure you it is not so .In many ways it is a step back in gta but the most important factor is that it is FUN. In addition to the story there are side quests which are very nice although a little short , you can participate in races clandestine missions to police because you are a secret agent with the mission to bring down the Sun On Yee , a trio of criminals , in continuous conflict with the 18k and other triads .If this board game ? ABSOLUTELY .It costs much less than GTA ."
,Recommended,307690,17074393,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,RebelsInc,"Money well spent. Great story, game looks absolutely fabulous. Also enjoyed getting every achievement in this game. I rate it 8/8 ;)"
76561198055469309,Recommended,307690,17075882,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Caspy403,The story in this game really adds excitement to the missions. Playing as an undercover cop turned out to be as fun as it sounds.
76561197967397955,Recommended,307690,17081263,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,smoke,"No suprises in the story, howerever is fun to play."
,Not Recommended,307690,17273107,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Jarweezy,"Cannot play this game without crashing every 5-10 minutes. I've tried every common solution including verifying game cache, reinstalling the game as well as drivers. My GPU is a GTX 760 non OC'd. I've tried rolling back on drivers with no luck.I'm not sure if I'm the only one experiencing this problem."
,Recommended,307690,25869685,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,f★rged【ibtJ】X NVIDIA,This Game is Really Amazing and I Love IT I Recommend This Game A lot
76561198054382860,Recommended,307690,25921058,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,mo21nk,works great on win 8. no problems for me. it has a great story. the driving is fun. so a sleeping dogs 2 would be welcome.
,Recommended,307690,25918947,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,(っ◔◡◔)っ ✴ Zuight ✴,Hong Kong version of GTA
76561198136283368,Recommended,307690,25919164,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ParpyTheMopp,"Beats♥♥♥♥♥♥out of manDrives a block down, gets away with murderJumps out of car like Chuck Norus/Jackie ChanDoes a 58 ComboChop up body with knife"
,Recommended,307690,26157154,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,StratovariuS,highly recommended to who like open-world game such as GTAand of cause it's very cheap to buy
,Recommended,307690,27525162,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tazaj,threw a lot of meat cleaver in this game
76561198069704218,Recommended,307690,27490668,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Faseely,Enjoyed it.
76561198192031719,Recommended,307690,23780993,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Amin Yoaz,One of the best open world games you can play but I hoped the story length would be bigger.
76561197960863120,Recommended,307690,24102381,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DonMega1976,"Excellent game and worth buying during a Steam Sale, even if you already owned the previous version."
,Recommended,307690,24089192,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,CrazyDeku,Overall A Great GameIf You Don't Mind The Bad Arkham Combat SystemAnd Terrible Driving
,Recommended,307690,21000149,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mahat,"Which other game will let you:- Get in a fight with 40 shao-lin monks,- Shoot tires and watch the cars flip and explode,- Drive a modified car that is almost like a Batmobile,- Jump from a moving car to another and steal it,- Participate in Fight Club,- Learn to curse in Cantonese,- Fight dozens of chinese zombies (DLC),And most importantly:- Eat pork bunsSleeping Dogs is way different than GTA and other games of the genre. The immersion in Honk Kong is amazing, and the unique mechanics are awesome. You should definitely give it a try, since it's way cheaper than many other games of the genre. And make sure to play the DLCs, they are pretty great.And never forget: A MAN WHO NEVER EATS PORK BUN IS NEVER A WHOLE MAN!"
76561197970918619,Recommended,307690,16987389,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Tristessa,"A brilliant game, totally unapprechiated in it's time. You are the good guy, and the bad guy. The city is large and beautiful. The characters are interesting and engaging. GTA: Hong Kong with Batman: Arkham City combat. A modern masterpiece."
,Recommended,307690,16997087,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,djecht,well it's like normal sleeping doge.. but some additional nice beauty environment...just wander the street and suddenly kungfu fighting...
76561198000485611,Recommended,307690,17193463,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Archangel,great game really fun 10/10
,Recommended,307690,17197773,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,FrozenChild,"Love It !!!I liked free roam action game with the asian background :DSleeping Dogs didn't recommended guns and the other for war but it's martial arts :DWell at least Sleeping Dogs had it's own gameplay,Next time, after Hongkong please make Sleeping Dogs with Indonesian background :D :D :DRecommended for me (y) Thanks"
,Recommended,307690,16853980,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Star Trek Guy,"Was casually walking on the street.Saw a man steal a woman's purse.Chased after him until I caught up.Flying Judo Kicked him to the ground.He didn't get up.The purse disappeared.Stood there and watched as paramedics came.They used a defibrillator twice as people gathered round to take pictures.They pronounced the thief dead and gave up, leaving the corpse on the street.10/10 would judo kick again"
76561198202818709,Recommended,307690,16854640,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,MyWaifuAndMe,"While I don't have much time on the PC release, I have played the console version maybe 60-70 percent of the way through. Firstly, in comparison to games like GTAV, I find this title has so much more character. Sure GTAV is a great game, but I found the story rather uninteresting. It seemed way too over the top. Sleeping Dogs however, I find has a certain charm that makes it more interesting to me. The setting and gameplay is just more fun to play around with in my opinion. If you already own the console release and DLC, then there is really no reason to buy it on PC. If you don't, this is definately a game you should pick up.The main characters are fun, the villains are just complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and the voice acting is great for most of the cast. Music is good in the background, but the car radio music could have been better. The dialogue of the nameless NPC's walking around is priceless, especially the vendors. I think it's well priced for the amount of game time you'll get out of this."
76561198090369973,Recommended,307690,16856360,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Captain North Korea,">Buys full tactical gear outfit that is worth 280,000 HKD.>Offers 60% protection from firearms.>DOES NOT OFFER ANY KIND OF PROTECTION AGAINST PTSD ATTACKS WHEN WEI WEARS IT TO SLEEP.>DOES NO OFFER ANY KIND OF PROTECTION AGAINST THE FEELS TRIP THAT THIS GAME IS.10/10 would pay big money to not be protected by feels trip & PTSD."
,Recommended,307690,16861752,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Kaiju Totoro,i think it is a great gameit is like GTA in China
,Recommended,307690,16866916,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,We Wuz Cakes N' Shiet,"One of the greatest storylines I have ever witnessed in a game such as this. I honestly couldn't stop playing through the main campaign. In games like GTA V, I get side tracked with beating hookers and♥♥♥♥♥♥ In Sleeping Dogs, I can't pry my eyes away from the story of Wei Shen.Also, you will forever be asking your friends and family if they would like a pork bun.10/10, would pork bun again.10/10, would deal with♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like Mrs. Chu."
76561198003675192,Recommended,307690,16911153,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Deimos,Paid £4.99... totally worth it if you get in the sale. 7/10
,Recommended,307690,16917399,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Duc,"Great game, loved the story, loved the game mechanics.Just sad that the gal-game and karaoke things and other side missions werent fully fletched out. The main story was great though."
,Recommended,307690,16919741,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,THOTDESTROYER,"Best open world game ever created, best plot ever concieved. I love this game so much I actually bought it twice. 11111/10 would sleep with a dog again"
76561198123893073,Recommended,307690,16291282,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ItzzSlayer,Go to the Drug Busts missions just so you can see your character do some crazy Kung Fu!!10/10
,Recommended,307690,16291319,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,tonma,Looks good and it runs really smooth on my Q6600 @ 3Ghz with a GTX 460.
,Recommended,307690,16292867,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,RumsfeldLazarusRockenstein,This game is like GTA in hong kong.+good action.+intresting plot.+nice graphics.-boring sidequests.
76561198085621511,Recommended,307690,16081463,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,alphablast212,i fixed the crashs by turning on hud and i really like the wheels of fury pack
,Recommended,307690,30506737,Posted: 14 March,all,"Mecha Gandhi, Weeaboo Enslaver","This is an overwhelmingly fun game. It has the feel of GTA, but without all the guns. There is a small amount of actual gunfights in the story, they stay true to the martial arts side of the area. If you are thinking of buying this game, I would heavily recommend it. I will list my pros/cons of the game below.+Intense character progression+Multiple different mini-games to supplement the already packed game+Open world with all sorts of ""side missions"" to gain face, money, etc.+Long story with nearly 16 hours of content+Semi-intricate fighting system that takes a bit to perfect, but when perfected is incredibly fun.+It is rather beautiful in the graphics area, and has some really neat scenery.-Camera takes a while to get used to.-Driving can be a bit hard to control, really need to learn how to use the handbrake really well.-Driving during story missions and hitting objects makes dialogue cease and you miss some things.-The night market (starting area) has a LOT of obnoxious noises, but you aren't there for long.-Not exactly a challenging game outside of the the unarmed fights, they give you restarts with full HP."
76561198041626130,Recommended,307690,16407971,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,nicklous_lingor,Played this for the Ps3 and now i get to love it all over again for the PC with all new upgrades and all the DLC rolled into one.From True Crime streets of Hong Kong To Sleepign Dogs.. Thier Best Decision Ever
,Recommended,307690,16378482,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DonCaliban,"A really good game! GTA + Kung fu + a radio station with only Roadrunner Records bands! what else can I ask? I'm playing this game with a Xbox One controller, I think it's better than to play with keyboard, you need some buttons combination for fight combos and it's more easy with a controller I guess."
76561198052400125,Recommended,307690,16311293,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,ObcanX,"To be honest, I was not quite sure whether to pick this game up a while back. Ive allready played through multiple open world games set in todays era (you know which ones I mean), but something told me that this one would be different. And yes, I gladly confess that it is :) Its more compact, meaning a smaller world, but that does not equate to less things to do. On the contrary, I found the side content quite entertaining and much less repetitive than in other titles of this sort.- Story: focused, intense, believable, basically enthralling from start to finish. Two thumbs up!- Graphics: Pretty damn sweet, I especially appreciated the 3D depth option (I want more of this !) and always present antialising. Character models and rain-in-game are very nicely done, again two thumbs up!- Sound: very good as well, I loved the cantonese inclusion, plus the local music. Hiphop beats while riding full speed on a highway in rain? Hell yeah!!- Controls: Not bad, vehicle control was very smooth, in comparison to other titles of this genre. On foot..meh..At times I wanted to punch the air, and that was while playing WITH a controller. But not anywhere catastrophic, mind you.Overall, you cant really miss with this game. Provided that you do NOT own the original version, this is basically a no - brainer. The setting is great, fresh, voice acting and overall story as well, tons of things to do...For me, personally, the game felt like a Romeo Must Die spin on top of old Hong Kong police flicks from the 80s and 90s..And for that, I applaud the creators. You deserve it !"
76561198159235067,Recommended,307690,15959184,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Thespicyvulture,"Honestly there was one problem if you guys have lower graphics card,it seems to lag a little when your driving and yes it was fun but its kinda annoying when you see lag all the time,that's opinion"
,Recommended,307690,16044029,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Squishy,"While at the time of my review, I did not have a lot of playtime (about 2 hours or so), I'm already having a fair amount of fun.Now, while I recommend the game, it does have some issues, but it does not stop the enjoyment I get out of the game so far.The controls, especially while running or driving, are a bit odd. If you move the mouse, it reacts, oddly. The good news however, is that you do not really need to move the mouse during those. It is an odd control scheme, considering all other fighting/driving games use the camera differently during those actions, but it's not bad per say, simply different.One small issue if you have an azerty keyboard, car hijacking while driving is mapped to Q by default. While movements will correctly assign themselves to ZQSD, the Q remains for hijacking while driving, which of course means every time you try to turn left, if a car is in range, you'll hijack it. It can however be remapped just fine in the options under the driving bit :), so not a major issue once you know about it. On the plus side, it was amusing to see my toon open the door every time I turned left...The graphic art is a bit strange, while it's fairly nice, it has a slightly odd look to it that I can not define, but it does seem to work just fine.The vehicles are on what I call easy mode. There seems to be very few (if any) loss of control, considering the rain and the speed, it is a bit unrealistic, but then again, I'm not playing this game to have a realistic feel.I can not really judge the story, since at the moment I'm really at the beginning, and I spent most of my time running over pedestrians, beating pedestrians to a pulp to get a bit more familiar with the controls during fights (since most die quickly, and with little fight, they're a bit like statues you can kill kinda).The fighting controls are slightly different from what I'm used to:Left click to strike, E to parry, F to grab (and throw), shift + left click to jump kick. There might be other things, but I did not go deep in it yet.There are many collectibles it seems, and since there are 40 briefcases, which seems to have 5K in it everytime,  and you just need to run over parking meters to steal the cash (I could not find a way to do it on foot, unfortunately), money probably won't be a big problem in the game.I'm not yet familiar with the level ups, but there seem to be 4 areas, cops, gangsters, face recognition (popularity with the common people from the look of it), and health upgrade. I'm not sure if there's any customization to be done in those area, or if all will be available in a single game play. There are quite a few awards in game, on top of steam achievements. One of them being ""safe driver"". It's simple, it counts the time you drive, without hitting anything. I do mean anything, as hitting the pavement seems to reset the counter if you are going at max speed, as does going on the other side of the road on freeways (making a tiny jump).There's a social leader board, where all your friends playing the game will show up. Which is a nice plus, without being a constraint or anything.I also forgot to mention that your fights are rated. The rating seem to include style, in some fashion, and how well you're doing. If you counter, then do a combo (which so far are very easy), you get more points. You also have some interactions with the environment (fairly brutal kills in general), which gives you more points, but also frighten/intimidate enemies, making your HP regenerate slightly faster during fights, which I thought was a rather good way to implement fear (by making the fight a bit easier), without the mobs running like scarred chickens (although if you are really brutal, the last enemies do seem to stop fighting - not sure if this is normal or a bug, but I killed them anyway, just to be safe).You can of course, steal cars, motorcycles, etc. You can also ram other cars (or people if you wish). The cops so far have the IQ of a sleeping statue, but I'm expecting as your level wanted climbs, their IQ increases a bit. I somehow managed to block a car, but simply pushing it in a wall. They never backed or got out of the car. There does seem to be a possibility of knocking off drivers by ramming cars, so it could be why, I will have to try again to see if that is what happened or not I guess. Ramming cars a lot, will eventually make them go BOOM.You also get ""streaks"" of , well, virtually anything so far... Amount of pedestrians ran over, amount of cars disabled in a row, amount of flying kicks in a row, amount of kills in a row, and I'm sure more will come in time ^_^.Basically, it's like GTA4, but in china, with a lot more jumping and kicking, kung fu, and what not.I expect a lot of hours and fun on this one.TLDR: yes."
76561198067723916,Recommended,307690,16046656,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,jarobkid,"If you like GTA you will love this, more hand to hand combat and the story line is far more involved. the most fun I've had in a game since blood dragon."
76561198033975337,Recommended,307690,16055709,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Inquizitor,"Square Enix never disappoints me. (Not-so expensive and awesome,EA and Ubi should learn something...)I dont really know how people are doing negative reviews about performance.I got pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC and i have pretty fine FPS even on higher resolution.I can really recommend this game for everyone. Really good one and worth trying!"
,Recommended,307690,16741946,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Mana,"This game is a very interesting open world action game.  The graphics are fantastic and I really had a fun time playing the this game.  The controls are convienient and easy to learn and the voice acting is top notch.  On usual this game is 29.99 I bought it on sale at one of the steam sales for something like $7, I would highlighy suggest waiting for a steam sale to come before purchasing this game becuase it often goes on sale during that time for a good price.   Dont get me wrong, this game is deffinetely worth the $30 you would need to drop on it normally but why do that when you can get it for 75% off :P.  I really enjoyed fighting my way around Hong Kong, I know it says I only have 1.3 hours but that was because I decided to buy it on steam after I played it on the PS3. Overall I'm gonna give this game a 9/10 because there are some parts it could have improved on including some of the movements of the characters in game look a little forced.  Other than that a wonderful game that I would suggest to anyone.If you wish to see a first 30 minute playthrough you can check out my Featured Fridays episode showcasing Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BS54dnsrYpU"
,Recommended,307690,16707005,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Gravity,i love this game but i only have one question... IS THERE REALLY NO WAY TO GET OUT OF THE BUSSES????? i accidentally got in one and now i can't get out D: i still love this game but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥HACKING??? who the hell thought this was a good idea... hey tom? yes bill? how can we♥♥♥♥♥♥off gamers? well we can add hacking? PERFECT!!!! come on bad idea still a good game hope there isn't too much hacking. although it is farily easy to hack...
,Recommended,307690,16441228,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BarotoIND,My first game 100% achivement on Steam :D
,Recommended,307690,16662200,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,rogg,"While I would generally recommend this game, I got bored of it within four hours. I didn't even unlock the guns yet, but for some reason the game never really stuck with me. I'd rather not go into full detail, but to keep it short i loved the story but didn't really like the gameplay."
,Recommended,307690,16779933,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,BB,Consistent game from small company. The future it's brighter for the developer.
76561198198198778,Recommended,307690,16784059,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,tar52099,"Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition was a fun game to experience. I actually didn't have high expectations of the game when I first started playing, considering I got it on sale for 75% off. To my suprise, it wound up being a fun game to play with great fighting mechanics, a decent story, and suprising humor. The driving was difficult at times, but that's probably because I'm a terrible driver in these type of open world games. There are a few complaints I had, however. I experienced a couple of minor glitches in the mechanics that made me end up restarting some of the missions over. It seemed like I kind of ran out of items I could buy with the money that I received from doing missions; I was hoping for more of a variety once I got farther in the game. Also, the DLC seemed rather stale in comparison to the main game; I found myself kind of pushing my way towards the end of both of the DLC storylines. Despite all of that, it still packs quite the exciting punch. I'd recommend this to anyone looking to try a new game to pass the time with. I give it an 8.5/10."
,Recommended,307690,22325433,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,JL Gaming,"It's really fun! Amazing, actually!"
,Recommended,307690,22287619,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Kydonn,"Crazy game , just wonderfull , recommended for everyone"
,Recommended,307690,22367417,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Wade Baddie,Having issues with this game. It keeps crashing. I recommend it but still... is there a fix coming?
,Recommended,307690,22408125,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Togenville,10/10 would buy pork bun again
76561198029227032,Recommended,307690,24243146,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ghost Monkey,"step 1) join the force, become undercover cop and infltreate the chinese mafia.step 2) butcher them all violently and mercilessly, let none survive!step 3) BUY A PORK BUN.why not just go for step 2 right from the beginning? because then you will be the bad guy, its completely different if you kill them all as a cop.i exaggerate a little but its the only thing that bother me, i think it would be more fit and fun  if they were going for the reneged/rogue cop who try to cover his own crimes story line. other than that its the most fun game i played in years!"
76561198314671245,Recommended,307690,24247969,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,artna13,good game :D
76561198038262688,Recommended,307690,26872596,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Timmy,"Good game, good story. Dlc stories are a bit too short."
,Recommended,307690,27055153,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ILikeTurtlePieGuy,"Fantastic, underated game that sticks with you after several years."
,Recommended,307690,27050458,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Molesting Mist,"One of the best open world action games ever made. Combat is fluid, driving is fun and all the side missions are actually interesting. The main story is solid and kept me engrossed the whole time. Keep coming back to this!"
76561198064146831,Recommended,307690,26366605,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Dogmeat,"My best friend irl is chinese.This game let's you kill chinese people.Ah, sweet catharsis."
76561198070010739,Recommended,307690,26353778,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Vicissitude,Very immersive
76561198053601125,Recommended,307690,28410830,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,RystaarrZ,This game is awesome 10/10
,Recommended,307690,28170975,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Beasty,AMAZING game! nice story telling and sort of reminds me of shenmue LOL racist or not
,Recommended,307690,28151233,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Major Mauser,I love the game but is it just me of does the game throw you into difficult fights before even teaching you how to play the game? I could use that dojo at the begining of the game.
,Recommended,307690,28132456,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,F-Linx,dis i likepls add multiplayer
76561198170176425,Recommended,307690,28274918,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Gentle_Cheese69,"If you're looking for a great open world crime drama, this is the Wei to go."
,Recommended,307690,28249448,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,SaNaMaGiToZaKi,"If you like playing Grand Theft Auto, so you will like playing Sleeping Dogs because this game almost same like Grand Theft Auto with skilled main character... The character in this game can use some skills to attack the enemy and in this game you can attack some gangster too... I recommend you to buy this game when in sale because the price will be cheap and you will get this amazing game... I hope you enjoy this game... :)"
76561198082455263,Recommended,307690,28232971,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Jack T,Pork bun was good... the game too...
76561198002729637,Recommended,307690,28203079,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,L+,"I definitely recommend this game. You should really pick this up on any sale. If you regret it buying it, something is wrong with you.Gameplay is really entertaining, especially the martial arts fighting.The world looks amazing. It is nice to play in an Asian world for once, instead of getting dropped in another Los Angeles or New York clone.Gameplay also builds up, which keeps it interesting until the end of the game. For instance, guns are only available after a number of missions.I do miss some features though, namely more dialogue lines for vendors and pedestrians and an option to increase the difficulty. The game is too easy for me. Also, there is a minor issue with the story. It is unrealistic the triad would not be informed about how you catch criminals when playing as a cop. Everyone can see you in your uniform, sometimes in a patrol car, chasing bad guys. It would have been nice if they would have created a storyline where some triad member catches you playing as a cop.These are only small flaws. They don’t diminish the joy and satisfaction.  However, would they have been implemented, the game would truly be perfect."
,Recommended,307690,28108393,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,gsv farmskins.com,"Jogo♥♥♥♥♥♥pra♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ campanha com um tempo considerável pela historia, mostra como são as tríades em hong kong, onde ninguém sai vivo, recomendado.PRO:História do♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Gráficos bons e boa jogabilidade e sistema de combateContra:FPS se limita a 60 e não tem como tirar isso nos menus, o que acaba prejudicando por ser um jogo mundo aberto e ter constantes quedas"
,Recommended,307690,28114542,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Angoose,good
76561198025598976,Recommended,307690,28209001,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,dsnerdking,"*tldr* are you looking for grand theft auto Hong Kong? well lower your expectations a little bit and strap in.so I'm going to start this with the disclaimer of ""i really love this game"" seriously i just beat it for the second time and i'm reminded how good it is. i do feel though that the difference between having a good time and a bad one is expectations. many will draw the gta comparison and not think anything of it. be assured though that that game cost 265 million to make and sleeping dogs costs less then 100. your not going to get the same caliber of game. that being said there is allot to love if your a narrative gamer.lets start there. the story is superb. it sucks you in right away. its incredible how fast i lost the first 5 hours to this game. its well written, well acted and looks good to boot. it really resonated with me. i guess where gta looses me and this game grabs me is the scene of purpose. in this game you really feel like you have strong motivation to do everything. in gta its more ""haven't you ever wanted to shoot a rocket at a car while jumping out of a fighter jet"". ""no gta i haven't. i do now for some reason but I'm not sure why"".the not so good? well, the cars are so so. its like driving a refrigerator around. the e break is a turn faster button. its not fantastic. there is a decent bit of driving to do in the game and its definitely playable but its not super satisfying. there also isn't allot of gun play in the game. its not a big factor in ""this"" particular game but its allot like the driving. playable but not worth calling home about. they do make a point of addressing why there isn't allot of gun play in the game and this transitions me to my next topic.....the hand to hand combat is really fun. its not quite to bat man levels of smoothness but its close. there are combos and upgrades and finishers to unlock. it felt really fun to me. it was a break from the ""ha ha suckers, i bought rocket ammo before this mission"" any encounter is win or loose able based on skill. you can feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥or a chump depending on how good you are.graphics, as i said, were good on the definitive edition. the models are top notch. no problems running it with my 970. definitely good.really cant stress enough how much i love this game. its, in my opinion, a great sleeper hit that you shouldn't overlook. do yourself a favor. just don't expect gta 5. there's a reason its gta 5."
76561198043590269,Recommended,307690,28187057,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Exile,cool story and gameplay but has a tendancy to be a bit crashy
,Recommended,307690,28143575,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,mrjustaguy,My most favorite game!
,Recommended,307690,27626812,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shamus,great game i played it on the PS3 as well
,Recommended,307690,27613850,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Knaves,fun game
76561198019391869,Recommended,307690,27603676,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tyrmatfrage,"Usually not a fan of GTA-like games, but this one had a surprisingly good storyline, which played out like a love letter to HK cinema. The gameplay got a tad repetitive towards the end, but the excellent voice acting, involving plot and well-realized setting carried the day. Also, I'm amused that in a game filled with hardened criminals and dirty cops, Mrs Chu, the mother of a triad gang leader, is the most hardcore."
76561198070394615,Recommended,307690,21183941,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,waterf,"Fantaistic game.I thoroughly enjoy open world games, and Sleeping Dogs has the most engaging story I've ever played.Pros:- A story that is coherent, logical, and engaging. There have been times in game where I felt emotionally conflicted, or times I almost cried. People die, and it's sad to see them go- Consistently graphically beautiful scenery- Conscientious hand-to-hand combat mechanics. Fights are not limited to shoot-outs- Vehicles to be jealous of- Fighting of the ♥♥♥♥♥. Oh god the fighting of the ♥♥♥♥♥.- Genuine influence from Hong Kong, from the language to the building to the food stands. Want to experience Cantopop, or go to the nightmarket, or  look at the architecture? As someone who has been there, it's all phenomenal replication.Cons:- Looking for collectibles always become old after a few days- Racing on Victoria Peak. I haven't raged this hard since Rainbow RoadNeedless to say, this is one of my favorite games of all time. Everything I look for in a game is right here. I can't even think of more words to use to describe how much I would recommend anyone to play this game."
,Recommended,307690,27656372,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,H2O_Unicorn,"It's an old game but still is a very great game..8,50 / 10"
76561198289467265,Recommended,307690,27779233,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kucing Galak,nice game
76561198090004428,Recommended,307690,27770086,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,scoobasteve,"Just an all around amazing game, Sleeping Dogs' strengths far outweigh and outnumber its weaknesses. The voice acting is top-notch, the gameplay is both challenging and fun, and the main story - while predictable at times - is still incredibly well written and does a great job of making you question your loyalties. Get it now while it's on sale - you won't be disappointed."
76561198133830750,Recommended,307690,14868372,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,FreakertZ,-nice game-nice graphic-nice gameplay
,Not Recommended,307690,14871821,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Disabled Gamer,"Basically it's a very good time and I enjoyed it, but I can only recommend it to user who either have a game pad or don't use the arrow keys.I myself can only use arrow keys for movement but they are hard coded to some actions that make it sometimes very annoying to play.Ex. Down Key is hard coded to remove weapon, left and right change radio stations and controll the volume of them.I tried autohotkey but i always got some lag issue with it so i either crashed into something or 1 button got stuck."
,Recommended,307690,15009217,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Eramaankettu,"First I bought original version - kinda liked the idea of the story, but the console port was so bad to play that I didn't play it much. Definitive Edition fixes some of the problems and now the game was worth playing through."
,Recommended,307690,15058385,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Rocket,"Performed for asian women in a club, it was like bridge on the river kwai, sweaty, confusing and above all asiany."
,Recommended,307690,14787086,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,{}Bill Nye The Soviet Spy{},"This game is the like Grand Theft Auto: Four. But with asians,noodles,sales men,tea,and last but not least Kung-fu (also it's in Hon-Kong)"
76561197995204011,Recommended,307690,14699657,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dustin,Good Game. Grand Theft Auto / Saints Row game style. Lots of kung fu. I enjoyed it.
76561197999344409,Recommended,307690,14705304,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Thud Mantooth,"Gave me a reason to revisit one of my very favorite open world games. Looks god, gameplay is more straightforward, and traffic is much more realistic."
,Recommended,307690,14649021,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Butters5566,A great Hong Kong tour guide which happened to be a gangster game.10/10
,Recommended,307690,33064223,Posted: 30 June,all,Quinten 7/11skinsjar.com,dis is gud game
76561198318889758,Recommended,307690,33066936,Posted: 30 June,all,Meowning,"This game is WAY too good. And by the WAY you should get this game.As you open your eyes you see a man flying down towards you. Could it be god? You squint your eyes to enhance your vision for some reason. You see a chef hat on his head and he screams as he slowly decends, YOU WANT PORKBUN!!!! A MAN IS NEVER A WHOLE MAN WITHOUT PORKBUN!!!!By the wei you should get this game"
76561198117496607,Recommended,307690,33007540,Posted: 29 June,all,Blokbuster2,"One of the best games, maybe it is even better than GTA V."
,Recommended,307690,33020817,Posted: 29 June,all,Mullet Disaster,"I'm a fan of open world games in general. Sleeping Dogs may be a little dated at this point, but the city is interesting to me and so far I've had a great time."
,Recommended,307690,33023365,Posted: 29 June,all,Sloth,"I definitely recommend this game. Its basically a GTA V, set in Hong Kong, and its a lot easier to run. 9/10"
,Recommended,307690,33025902,Posted: 29 June,all,HxFahmi,loving it
,Recommended,307690,33027807,Posted: 30 June,all,jigglybuns,7/10 Improved on a few thingsGenerally speaking a good game with about 14 hours of story
,Recommended,307690,33017417,Posted: 29 June,all,[Kacho],"If you like Grand Theft Auto, you'll probably love Sleeping Dogs. The setting is more interesting, the story more engaging, and the combat a million times more complex and enjoyable. It's similar to an old-school arcade beat-em-up, and yet it still has fast-paced and challenging driving sections. Rather than merely having punches and guns, there's a whole skill-attack learning system which depends on timing and button combos. There's a lot of fun to be had committing crimes, exploring Hong Kong, dressing up your character, meeting many interesting faces, and you can even play as an officer of the law. In many ways, it surpasses Grand Theft Auto, though some may be disappointed with the size of its world, or the limited amount of vehicles (that is, there's no airplanes, tanks, or boats)."
76561198202363260,Recommended,307690,33074052,Posted: 1 July,all,Comrade Pol Pot,This story seems better than GTA V and this game is greatly under rated havent even beat the game and I am looking forward to its sequel
76561198140272777,Recommended,307690,33074779,Posted: 1 July,all,uscrub,I rly like the game has atmospehere has good combat cool driving except for some boats has good story.
76561198325811384,Recommended,307690,33084570,Posted: 1 July,all,HcCynic,Great take on open world genre. Best hand to hand combat in GTA-like game.
,Recommended,307690,33088570,Posted: 1 July,all,FalconArrow,"I really enjoyed the fights in this game, cool characters, and surely a great storyline.You must try this great game!Many collectibles and nice way to earn every new thing.Many missions, especially the sidemission, i liked it!"
76561198059358921,Recommended,307690,33087476,Posted: 1 July,all,hightime1011,Awesome game!  Great buy!  Hong Kong action crime story !   I recommended very fresh entertaining !
76561198194476587,Recommended,307690,33090827,Posted: 1 July,all,MoreRicePlz,"Overall pretty enjoyble game. Good story, Lots of upgrades and unlocks, Lots of areas to explore.Very GTA.. The DE version is definitely better.However there is a SERIOUS problem with the camera positioning in both general gameplay and while in any vehicles. There's no way to manually adjust camera distance to character etc and the defualt setting is ridiculous. This is the one issue i have with the game and it does impact the ability to enjoy it fully.There's no mod out there (yet) that can fix this.. I've scoured the net already.6/10 would be my honest score and it's lost 3 off its score due to the camera issue.. Good offline alternative for when other games are having server updates etc.."
,Recommended,307690,16918138,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Buckshot,"The game is worth the money, you'll enjoy it :)"
,Recommended,307690,33114774,Posted: 1 July,all,~JEDI~,"SPECIAL ID (2013) Donnie Yen :A cop goes undercover in a ruthless underworld organization to stop a gang leader, only to put himself in great danger after being exposed by his former protégé and best friend.If you like donnie yen, martial art, and asian action movie this game is for you!"
,Recommended,307690,33114502,Posted: 1 July,all,MrBeastly,"I love this game so much but there's a problem I have on the Mrs Chu's Revenge mission,so when I start trying to get Johnny's location, the person icon is all the way at the bottom of the phone so I couldn't get it, I clicked the icon multiple times but the mouse doesn't go that far down and now I don't know what to do."
,Recommended,307690,33274436,Posted: 5 July,all,Frutson,"It's like better, more fun gta with good story. I'd really want to see a sequel.I'm also really dissapointed in myself that I bought it so late."
76561198157937862,Recommended,307690,32008886,Posted: 27 May,all,Crème Freeesh,"What a epic game. Set in the city of Hong Kong. If Jackie Chan and Rockstar studios had a love child, this game would be it. The combat is fresh, not all guns and glory, its in your face hand to hand combat while using the environment to your advantace combat. The story line is well written and captivating.This games a very real chinese experience, running down the street being offered a pork bun or noodles, the night markets are also quite true to life with venders trying to lure you in as you walk past. (The ingame insults will definitely get you laughing)The environment is a perfect reperesantation of a Chinese city, if ever you decide to visit China or more here, dont look and pictues and read blogs, play Sleeping Dogs. I started playing Sleeping Dogs after I moved to China and My Gawd, the experience that this game offered to the real this is so on point which made me feel like i was living my life in China through the game but with the exeption of deing a kungfu master and also have an epic garage of cars and bikes.This game gets a 10/10"
,Recommended,307690,32014967,Posted: 28 May,all,Tee_i_am,"8/10 - Would eat pork buns again.I just finished the game, and I was not disappointed at all.  Open World that's mostly fighting, with some gun play, some racing, some parkour, and other random quests.  I got this while it was on sale for 5.99, not really expecting much, but I'm very happy that it exceeded my expectations.  The Definitive Edition's graphics look extremely nice, still holding up and at times surpassing a lot of the newer games being released."
76561198052359361,Recommended,307690,32014279,Posted: 28 May,all,MagicBlaze The Insane,I really enjoyed this game uninstalled GTA5 because of it even it is a rather short game but its been really well done and for the price I really cant complain at all. 10/10
76561198161410839,Recommended,307690,31984789,Posted: 26 May,all,doh_bear,"Highly recommend, fantastic story, buzzing city and great mechanics, during a sale its an absoloute steal."
76561198123588699,Recommended,307690,31826621,Posted: 18 May,all,Tortlre,"Such a great game. The combat is insane, with just the right mix of kung-fu and guns. The enviroment is also a huge part of what makes this game great, with every corner having something to do.What makes this a must-have however, is the story. This is one of the few games where I've thought to myself, ""Do I trust the character that I'm playing as?"" It's such a great story, and it's unfortunate that the developers seemed to have struggled with telling that story. There were several times where I was questioning why I was doing a certain mission, or what happened to a certain character, etc. The point of what I was doing at times was lost on me, and that hindered the experience somewhat.Other than that, Sleeping Dogs is a game that every person should play through at least once.Also, driving on the left side of the road is a lot harder than it seems, even in video games."
76561198311620705,Recommended,307690,31826764,Posted: 18 May,all,PLUDACRIS,"controls and movement are wonky. Story is good so far. the driving is bad imo. this almost should have been a linear game, maybe a smaller open world? just my opinion. if you can get it on sale and you like open world games youll enjoy this i think"
,Recommended,307690,17290410,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,The Lone Derp,"Sleeping Dogs is a stunning game about an undercover cop who has to make his way into a gang for the sake of Hong Kong. It has a good plot, smooth gameplay, and it's rich in action.10/8 m8.Favorite game of all time."
76561198159458295,Recommended,307690,31863576,Posted: 20 May,all,Disgruntled Bladerunner,Played to try and be some Chinese Super Cop.Got more feels than action instead.
,Recommended,307690,31860833,Posted: 20 May,all,amontiellomusic,"At first, I thought this was just another GTA or SAINTS ROW clone, and then I was proven wrong.This game is definitely something special. Don't get me wrong, there's a LOT of similarities between this game and GTA, but it seems more fluent than just being a clone type of game. It puts out its own vibe so to speak.Anyways, I will definitely say that it runs smooth. I played it on a Mac and didn't have a single problem with anything. It was kind of amazing, all things considered. This is a pretty big game, and it has a lot of things that Macs cant seem to handle, but I always like to see how things work on Mac compared to the Alienware. There wasn't much of a difference.That aside, the actual game content is amazing. The Definitive Edition includes all the DLC I believe, and all of that is really worth a play through. One of them just goes ancient ghost story on you and turns things into a Halloween type deal....and it's pretty awesome lol. Can't go wrong if you get all the DLC packed in on the definitive edition. Pick it up on a sale and you're solid.I give it a 10/10 for exceeding my expectations upon purchase. It definitely made it into my favorites section in my library."
76561198049397690,Recommended,307690,31869563,Posted: 20 May,all,Benjamin[IL],Nice game! great story :D
76561197992523098,Recommended,307690,31832569,Posted: 18 May,all,Awful_Lawton,"Got it on sale, worth it and more.Sleeping Dogs 2?"
,Recommended,307690,31834901,Posted: 18 May,all,Trane,"Good Game,Good Story"
76561198110574992,Recommended,307690,31873062,Posted: 20 May,all,XenoEvil,"Sleeping Dogs is essentially a GTA game set in Hong Kong with a bigger focus on its hand to hand combat rather than gunning down cops and thugs. I would say the game's focus on its fighting system makes it stands on top of the GTA games. Unlike any of the GTA games, Sleeping Dogs puts plenty of satisfying cinematic flare to its gameplay. You arent just meshing buttons to beat up goons, you have to utilize various different attack combos, grab moves, interactable enviroments, and counters moves and all gives the game a sense of fluidity and fun that you would see in any good action film. Even the gunplay (even if scarce and limited) is quite fun because of how being flashy works really well in this game. I never get tire of jumping over cover, enter slow-mo to shot some enemies off the sides and then parkour over some obstacles an enemies is hiding behind and automatically performing a takedown attack. This game captures the feeling of a classic action film.The game got sick kung fu fighting gameplay, cinematic slow-mo gunfight, great voice acting in both english and cantonese. If classic Hong Kong cinema like Hard Boiled or Police Story are your thing, than this is a game for you"
76561197989704407,Recommended,307690,31851757,Posted: 19 May,all,Ultimate Beta,"Lots of personality, character and charm. Sleeping Dogs is a game I highly reccomend and isnt afraid to think outside of the normal and decides to focus heavily on fist fighting combat as opposed to chest high walls and trivial shooting galleries, Sleeping Dogs is filled with interesting characters, moral conflicts and a perfect jackie chan crime thriller."
,Recommended,307690,31879214,Posted: 21 May,all,Willphire,"If you haven't played this game, you have to pick it up. Especially if it's on sale. I first played the original version on console when it was first released and I had to go back to it when I saw it was on sale. This game has some of the best, most satisfying, combat ever. You feel like an absolute badass whenever you fight enemies. The story is great and very polished, it could be an amazing movie. The voice acting ties it together with only a few characters sounding a little flat. With out delving into the story there's still a lot of content, not to mention the DLC included with the Definitive Edition. Seriously buy this game. While some may see it as a ""GTA clone"" It has enough character, world-building, and satisfying combat to set it apart from the rest."
,Recommended,307690,31814618,Posted: 17 May,all,Cuzco,"My favorite game of ALL TIME,ive replayed it 20 times and still love it10/10 would reccomend"
76561198158018196,Recommended,307690,31847737,Posted: 19 May,all,"Dan ""Get In the Van"" Schneider",A typical GTA/Saints Row clone with enough uniqueness that it keeps you interested. Voice acting and writing is pretty good as well.
76561198125951768,Recommended,307690,31847981,Posted: 19 May,all,Mischief,"Sleeping Dogs is fun and unique it has awesome combat system, witty missions with a pretty intense story, and interesting minigames.  At the core just think of GTA plus Kung Fu but its sooooo much more!!!"
76561198002566709,Recommended,307690,31909781,Posted: 22 May,all,Leonin,"This game is a hidden gem. Good story and combat system, even though its a little bit repetitive at the end. The atmoshpere is really good.But the best thing for me is a soundtrack. Really, its just so good, when you get in a car, turn on the radion and just drive.. damn. If you remeber that feeling from The Vice City trust me this is a whole new level.Thank you so much for this!"
,Recommended,307690,31957882,Posted: 25 May,all,Dog Face,"Fun story and side missions, pok gai."
76561198073581822,Recommended,307690,31596538,Posted: 6 May,all,LUCYFUR666,"the combats pretty fun its alot like batman arkham but it has like really cool martial arts and enviorment kills and stuff. also its set in hongkong i think, you can pretty much do whatver you want from punch a old lady to look at a women seducing you then a pick poket steals your wallet then you gotta beat him up and get it back (it happened to me). its really fun and has creative side quests and alot of additional content. the only thing i dislike is the controls with the key board id reccomend buying a plugin 360 controller not the wireless btw unless you have a accesory that lets you do that kinda thing.also the main  story is pretty unique as well theres not alot of undercover cop storys in gaming so its a nice change from your typical bad♥♥♥♥♥that can kill anyone and anything.id give it 10/10 the only complaint i have is the controls and thats on me tbh."
76561198284662600,Recommended,307690,31604200,Posted: 7 May,all,Bender,the graphics are real good in mac eventhough it lags a bit. its atmosphere is real beautiful and the cars are real fast and can handle real well and it already includes all dlcs for free including the year of the snake and the halloween one.
,Recommended,307690,31617908,Posted: 7 May,all,Chroma,"Highly recommended, especially if you are a fan of 80s/90s Hong Kong action cinema."
,Recommended,307690,31616032,Posted: 7 May,all,Flak Dragon,"I loved this game. It has an immersive story, excellent graphics, and great voice acting. Playing it reminded me of the old police kung fu movies back in the day and it was such a nostalgic trip for me. An open world RPG where you're loyalty is tested between different factions with each action you do, this game is a must buy."
76561198153653075,Recommended,307690,31604983,Posted: 7 May,all,lisvit,"After arresting all gangs in hong kong, i thougt i was a whole man, then i ate Pork buns and i became a real whole man."
,Recommended,307690,31650692,Posted: 9 May,all,TM|Envy,Awesome game with cool graphics and hardcore storyline
76561198117629862,Recommended,307690,31670415,Posted: 10 May,all,bryemye,Great game with a ~20 hour main story. The combat is fun. I enjoyed the story for what it was. It feels nowhere near as huge as the GTA games but what is here is very good.
,Recommended,307690,31667736,Posted: 10 May,all,Echogecko,Minor bugs that tend to come with these types of game.I played with a 360 controller and the combat was extremely fun.Martial combat handles similarly to the Batman Arkham games.GTA + Bruce Lee Movie + Fluid Combat = A solid 20+ hour playthrough.Give it a chance.
76561198143253057,Recommended,307690,31696887,Posted: 12 May,all,BlaCK,Very good game. Love it. 🔥
76561198036888371,Recommended,307690,31704484,Posted: 12 May,all,Maxan10,"It's something like GTA with not so good graphics . I find the game really fun and there are a lot things you can do . I also faced two problems . First one was that the game couldn't ""see"" my controller so i am forced to play with keyboard and mouse . The second was that it crushed a few times , but thankfully it has auto-save ( i also save my progress my self to be safe)."
,Recommended,307690,31687967,Posted: 11 May,all,Keenan ★,"I purchased this game twice, once for my console back when it was released in 2012 and a few days ago seeing as it was 75% off. The game has aged well, even graphically its superior to games I'm seeing released to this day. The story is very generic and you can probably guess every cutscene if you catch the drift however the combat is what picks this game apart from the others, it can be slightly repetitive however still enjoyable.With the definitive edition you're getting over 20 DLC's for the game ranging from side missions to cosmetics, all of which are done well. For the bargain it is (£4 on sale and around that on websites that sell game too.) you're getting a steal.Must get for me!"
76561198094579192,Recommended,307690,31687669,Posted: 11 May,all,Don Corto,"Great game with an awesome story. I love how the game works and how the combat is. I love the story and the clash between the triads and your friends and your job as a detective. Really strong story. The games focus is hand to hand combat with martial arts influence which is awesome. Not alot of games like this are focused on hand to hand combat with a martial arts twist. There is plenty to do in the city and on that note, the city itself is beautiful. It is so alive and feels great. It is large with plenty of content to do and you will have plenty of fun with it.  Looks alot better than the first one.  Great game 8.5/10"
,Recommended,307690,31703289,Posted: 12 May,all,Red,"First of all, don't come into this game thinking it's GTAsian. Yes, it has a similar gameplay style, but the overall feel of this game is completely different. Sleeping Dogs takes a serious approach to the genre, opting for a more story-driven experience without compromising the overall integrity of the open-world. There are tons of side-missions, collectibles, and things to purchase.The gameplay focuses mainly on hand-to-hand combat with a fairly large upgrade tree to unlock more moves, combos, and abilities. There's also a good bit of melee and gun combat, but the shining star of the game is it's hand-to-hand encounters. The game also contains a free-runningesque system where you can vault over obstacles, jump gaps, and scale overhangs like you were a ninja. It also has a slow-mo feature when vaulting over things when behind cover with a weapon, or shooting while driving. Not to mention you have the ability to hijack vehicles while on the move (Just Cause anyone?).There are some issues with the game however. The most glaring ones are the abysmal gun combat and the less-than-fluid driving. The gun combat just feels like it was caked on at the last second and the auto-lock feature is more of a burden than a help. Then there's the driving...okay...the driving ISN'T terrible, but it's not good either. Some vehicles perform well, and others turn at a dime or fidget when you try to avoid obstacles.With a final verdict, I'd like to score Sleeping Dogs a 8/10.Pros:-Story-Characters-Hand-to-hand Combat-Free-running-Tons to collect!Cons:-Gunplay-Less-than-fluid Driving"
76561198192197629,Recommended,307690,31762079,Posted: 14 May,all,microzome2015,one hell of a game one of the greatest
76561198072861764,Recommended,307690,31780971,Posted: 15 May,all,Artix,"the game is amazing, the plot is very similar to GTA but it has many differences; however, if you enjoyed playing GTA you will love this game."
,Recommended,307690,31782981,Posted: 16 May,all,Brolas,"A man who never eats pork bun, is never a whole man!"
76561198217080609,Recommended,307690,31571249,Posted: 5 May,all,ArtinHeHe,"In my opinion, it's by far the best third-person open-world action game!"
,Recommended,307690,31753957,Posted: 14 May,all,Juggernaut,GREATCOMBATSYSTEM
,Recommended,307690,31779433,Posted: 15 May,all,⎛⎝dowutevadaFUCKyouwannado⎠⎞,"Fun game, definitely great story. 9/10 wish they emphasize more on the activities."
76561197990690136,Recommended,307690,31777204,Posted: 15 May,all,{N} HunterZero,Open World + Gritty Hong Kong Crime Drama + Awesome Controls = Sleeping Dogs.So good I bought the original game and the Definative Edition. Would buy it again.
76561198005816239,Recommended,307690,31754208,Posted: 14 May,all,Ink,"Awesome game, shame it ends so quickly."
,Recommended,307690,17764799,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,froppy,"Although it does seem like unoriginal combat mixed with some GTA, Sleeping Dogs bares a good story, good characters, the great setting of Hong Kong and the feel of it. The game trys to make it seem like a Hong Kong action film, and with the slo-mo shooting, brutal kung-fu, and jumping from cars to cars and from rooftops to rooftops, it does this with flying colors.9.5/10"
,Recommended,307690,31758753,Posted: 14 May,all,pi6286,Get this game right now it has awesom kungfu with a amazing story and the driving is pretty intresting.
76561198140294826,Recommended,307690,31807525,Posted: 17 May,all,Mrs.Ciri,"The game is not bad,that look like gta,I liked this game I recommend buying."
,Recommended,307690,31937198,Posted: 24 May,all,Highspeed,"This is a great game.And I even have an idea for an update.Perhaps including various forms of martial arts that Wei can learn.Like Ninjutsu for example. He is an undercover cop after all. And one way to catch criminals is to paralyze them. But in some cases, you won't be able to use a tazer for that task. And Ninjutsu helps you target different areas on the body with very sensitive nerves which in turn will leave your enemy paralyzed long enough for you to escape.For example, when Wei punches a thug in the armpit, the guy would end up being paralyzed because his nerves would overload and there's a good chance that his heart would either slow down or even stop"
76561198209657545,Recommended,307690,31611843,Posted: 7 May,all,Fizzzit,"Extremely amazing game, one of my favourite games of all time. highly reccommend this game"
76561198024984866,Recommended,307690,32077380,Posted: 30 May,all,Circles,"It's a just above average game. Get it on sale and you won't regret it. It has plenty of fun moments, but many flaws. They were close to getting it right."
76561198043787349,Recommended,307690,32132390,Posted: 2 June,all,Laksa,Awesome game. If only there are no invisible walls i would give it a 5 stars!
76561198107929668,Recommended,307690,32189170,Posted: 4 June,all,JM /10/,many good
76561198087471407,Recommended,307690,32203249,Posted: 5 June,all,ContraMundi,"- 20 to 40 hours of gameplay - pretty good deal if you get it on sale.- ""Open World"" - you can go anywhere, but there isn't much to do. No items to gather and sell to vendors, no ore nodes, no hidden missions. There are lockboxes with cash and health upgrade shrines, though- Driving is pretty good once you get used to it, however your car is practically invulnerable, meaning you can ram several SWAT armored vans into smoldering heaps of rubble while driving a flimsy sedan. But it's a lot of fun doing that.- Police are cannon fodder.- Sometimes you are the police?- Great story.- Great setting.- Guns are trash, just punch everything. Combos are your friend.- Your ability to block at exactly the right moment will determine everything. And I mean everything.- ""Why don't you have a pork bun in your hand!"" ""Hey sexy man, let me dress you!""- Only a few enemies present any danger to you. You can punch everyone in a crowd and they can't do anything to you. Women never fight back.- Get messages, drink soda and eat pork buns regularly to be awesome.Good time overall though."
76561198345708158,Recommended,307690,32199952,Posted: 5 June,all,Ivan Muzaqqa,The Best Open World Game
76561198328298800,Recommended,307690,32530801,Posted: 18 June,all,Input Your Name Here,A great game!
,Recommended,307690,32495655,Posted: 16 June,all,Enmity,"Fresh change from GTA, most might think it's a replica but it's FAR from that!"
76561198161602027,Recommended,307690,33132776,Posted: 2 July,all,Professional Sandvich,"Review for Mac Users, but does cover general issues:This is one of the best running open world games on Mac I've yet to find. Sleeping Dogs itself is a great game. It's story is nothing unique, if you've heard any Hong Kong cop story, the twist is obvious but still satisfying, but as a whole has some moments which made me feel genuine feelings, a rare occurance in this day and age.Gameplay wise, this game is nothing special. It's melee combat is an easy to learn mish-mosh of blocks, counters, and combos, that feels satisfying to progress. Gunplay is basic, nothing you haven't seen in a cover based shooter before, but the addition of bullet time adds a bit of a twist. Driving is very arcadey, but works well, and unlike other open world games running on Mac, doesn't slowdown the game at all.Graphically, this game looks as good as someone can hope for running on Mac, the moments where it rises to a higher framerate are beautiful, but are rare and far between. Rain doesn't slow down the game, a welcome exception to a rule, nor due the moments with many enemies on screen.Overall as a game, 8/10.As a game you can play on a Mac, 9/10, it makes a great alternative to other open world games if you play on mac, and is easily a game you could spend extensive hours playing."
,Recommended,307690,33286196,Posted: 5 July,all,Cricket,who want to wreck the town with Batman's car?i'm sure we all do
,Recommended,307690,33294382,Posted: 5 July,all,めー,"A Hong Kong action film in video game form, where for some reason everyone speaks English.  The definitive edition has some nice graphical improvements which are definitely noticable.  The game itself has a pretty decent story, over-the-top action and some interesting side-missions.  I'd get it on sale."
76561198140032037,Recommended,307690,33297053,Posted: 5 July,all,nathanstyle365,Beautiful!! Point Blank And End Of Story.
,Recommended,307690,33393641,Posted: 8 July,all,Seijaku.kun,"Weird driving mechanics (but you get used to them), and fantastic fighting mechanics. A pretty big open world and mafia all around... What else can you ask for?"
,Recommended,307690,24512760,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,"Long Dick Johnson, M.D.",Pok gai!
,Recommended,307690,33393543,Posted: 8 July,all,Mik supachok,good game
76561198083951991,Recommended,307690,22063910,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ynug,is cool asian
76561198073152672,Recommended,307690,33424455,Posted: 10 July,all,SwagosaurusRex,"Rush Hour, the game."
76561198157957203,Recommended,307690,33421940,Posted: 9 July,all,Mønstro,great game.
,Recommended,307690,33404521,Posted: 9 July,all,lachyjames2,"I haven't played much of this game, yet. I only picked it up during the summer sale.The game's intuitive Kung Fu style combat system is both interesting and refreshing. There are a range of cars and bikes that all handle well, and the leveling system allows players to have a lackey bring there car to them and purchase new cars. The missions, though sometimes repetitive and easy, were fun and the story was interesting."
,Recommended,307690,30218716,Posted: 27 February,all,LordHendra,Great game! Good optimization #SupportSquareEnix #IndonesianGamers
,Recommended,307690,30186530,Posted: 25 February,all,Leonin,"After 100% achievements completed in this game,  I can say without a doubt this is a must own in every open-world game fans library.   It does a great job of break up the usual repetitives,  The graphics haven't become dated and runs smooth as butter.   It's definetly played better with a controller because it is just a console port afterall.   Its action packed, incredibly fun,  The story is worth watching the cutscenes for and even though the story comes to a wrap nicely,  you'll definetly wish there was a Sleeping dogs 2 on the horizon.My cons with it would be the stupid car doors,  You get out of your car just close enough to a building that the damn car door blocks your way so you have to walk around the stupid damn car or jump over it.  That and just some of the things you can't jump over can be frustrating or some of the walls you can run up on.   You'll find yourself running upto somethinig that in some spots are an easy feat for you to jump over and bam, nope, gotta walk around it like its pokemon on gameboy.   Jump off a second floor to the ground, oh sure no problem,  2 foot wall between you and the bad guys on the other side,  nah can't jump that gotta walk around z.z"
,Recommended,307690,30182046,Posted: 25 February,all,ajib,MUCH BETTER THAN GTA. I LIKE BECOME HONG KONG TRIAD. SQUARE ENIX THE BES :D
76561198064448871,Recommended,307690,30197882,Posted: 26 February,all,Egg Of Steel,"Nice main story and dlc mode, finish all the main story, sub story, dlc and so on, but trial cant up to level 10, no more trial quest can do after ending story"
76561198120611121,Recommended,307690,30196064,Posted: 26 February,all,DavidMaine14,"Very enjoyable game. Car mechanics are a bit weird (don't move the mouse while driving). I got to date a character voiced by Emma Stone. Kick a lot of guys asses in martial arts. Shoot thugs (nearly always using the mouse). Soundtrack is great (Subjective). Overall, great experience don't let the questionable ending ruin it (it didn't for me). Also, I have yet to try the DLC except for the Zodiac Tournament Pack, was enjoyable & hilariously cheesy."
76561198344915285,Recommended,307690,30197099,Posted: 26 February,all,007-James Roti Bond,great game!
,Recommended,307690,30159020,Posted: 24 February,all,Uvuvwevwevwe Onyetenyevwe,feels awesome when u punch others
76561197972514331,Recommended,307690,30152016,Posted: 24 February,all,bblack133,i find it more difficult than i want.it would be nice to play at a lower level
,Recommended,307690,30141457,Posted: 24 February,all,REXX,not bad laa
,Recommended,307690,30903665,Posted: 2 April,all,Wilson Wilson,Great game
76561198197595601,Recommended,307690,30200121,Posted: 26 February,all,玄德,Ingenious game
,Recommended,307690,30206998,Posted: 26 February,all,titpecker,great game lots of action
76561198133343586,Recommended,307690,30202878,Posted: 26 February,all,grayhood,Amazing!
76561198052554580,Recommended,307690,30198645,Posted: 26 February,all,daschus,"9/10.  This is a pretty fantastic game in terms of open world GTA-esque games.  The main story is solid and there is enough side quests/collections to keep you occupied.  The controls on PC are decent - sometimes you can't run away/move away when you're fighting because your character goes into a martial arts stance, but it is surrmountable and only hampers on occasion.   The best part is that no fights are scripted.  You can beat people up with a ton of combinations, find guns and kill them, run them over with cars, etc.  You do not have to hit X five times in the knee in order to stun him then hit the F key during boss fights.  I love being able to do things my way.  Other quibbles include losing guns/buffs/clothing before/after some missions (not all, but it seems random as to when it happens).  It's more of a PITA because you need to rebuff than a hamper to the game.  Guns aren't necessary anyway, and when the enemy has them, one is always nearby for you to grab up and use.  There are no mods for this game, which makes it fall into the One Time Play category, but it's worth the one time."
76561198057309553,Recommended,307690,30136235,Posted: 24 February,all,Mr. Bong,"Being a practictioner of Kung Fu myself I have to recommend this game for it's overall feel and the setting itself - good ol' Hong Kong the centre of the world for Kung Fu students but I do definitely have some complaints about the game.First, I have to point out the game's biggest weakness - the driving system. OMG! I would rather not drive at all and just walk everywhere because driving is terrible. The hand to hand combat is clunky and sometimes unresponsive and gun fights are at times frustrating.The storyline itself is a bit weird and does not make sense. There are situations in the game where you just sit there thinking, ""What the hell is the point of that?"".The game has really decent graphics, the music soundtracks are completely based of Asian musicians including Asian Hip Hop, Asian Classical music (my fav) and even Asian rock music. The streets of Hong Kong feel quite alive even when the pedestrians are doing strange things like walking in circles or getting stuck running/walking into walls/corners and the traffic just fades into view from thin air.There are some really cool scenes and most hand to hand combat experiences can actually look and feel pretty cool when they work properly and you aren't sitting their mashing buttons to make them work - I have had issues with countering so many times where I have hit ""E"" and Wei just stood there and took hits I was clearly countering (at least on my keyboard), sometimes AI seem to predict movements with lightning speed and you will swear the game itself is just trolling you when you go to hit someone and they immediately hit you, or when they near a destructible object and seem to be aware every time you try to grab them.I don't think the game has a solid learning curve that really teaches you how to deal with certain situations like being grabbed from behind.One of the most exciting things I have found in the game so far is buying Ip Man's clothes and occassionally pulling off wicked Wing Chun continuous punches.The game is fun overall, be careful walking through the markets, I literally got a real life headache just walking through all the sales people screaming at me.Ultimately I hope they make a series out of this game as I would love to play a game like this that runs much smoother, has better driving and a more fluid combat system for both hand to hand and gun play.I do definitely recommend the game but try to aim for purchasing it on a sale. I would value this game around $15 USD myself. I got it for $8 USD so overall it was a score and is keeping me occupied right now.Definitely not as fluid gameplay as GTA 5 but plays kinda similar in style being a open world game."
,Recommended,307690,30243775,Posted: 28 February,all,alliennas,"Strong story, good graphics. Close to GTA V (which is more complete, more to do in your free time), but this game is simplier, and more enjoyable."
76561198134006456,Recommended,307690,28131336,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,DYCE,"Great game, though if someone knows how to get the guns, like the ones for 47 and just cause to respawn that would be cool."
,Recommended,307690,29256151,Posted: 14 January,all,Gruntdonttoot,A man who never eats a pork bun is never a whole man.
,Recommended,307690,29931907,Posted: 14 February,all,NotDorris,I was enjoying this game up until i found out i could sprint and flying kick civilians in the face as well as smash their face into phone booths. then for the next 2 hours i proceeded to cause chaos in the city by fly kicking everyone i saw and anyone who thought they were good enough to stand up against BigDickTheThird (thought it was a better name) took a trip to memory lane to when their own father smashed their face into a wall. the game for a god.
,Recommended,307690,29515768,Posted: 26 January,all,ninjachicken1337,you can steal ladies handbags. enough said
,Recommended,307690,31185675,Posted: 16 April,all,Khal Boh,Great story line
76561198055829593,Recommended,307690,28805629,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,I Eat Ass,"This game got everything you could ever ask for in any way : Guns, fighting, cars, music, great story. Long story short, it's awesome. Definitely recommend it to anyone into action games, racing and others. Such an underated game and if bought for 75% off, its a steal ;)."
,Recommended,307690,28781025,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,zero expectation dota,game aint bad. basically Hong Kong GTA.just sucks that i cant get all the steam achievements.edit: just got every steam achievement! :D
,Recommended,307690,28726683,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Daktyl,"One of the greaters games I've ever played, enjoyed it more than a whole GTA series. Atmosphere is just astonishing, maybe plot could be a little bit deeper to make the game longer and more emotional but there's nothing to complain about. Gameplay-wise Sleeping Dogs is a mixture of a lot of various games like GTA, Batman, even Hitman. Everything sets the scene pretty well to entertain us in the way that we want and like. DLCs are solid, bring even more fun to the table. If You haven't played this game yet, don't hasitate, give it a chance and You won't regret, especially when it's on sale ;)"
,Not Recommended,307690,28698048,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sgt.SelfHarm,I loved this game on the Xbox 360. It had great gameplay and a driven story. However on my PC I have an issue with the audio that makes the game unplayable. It sounds like using a wireless headset next to a microwave. I've put in the request for a refund which is a real shame since this was one of my all time favorite games.Tried the game on a GTX 750ti and RX 480 the crackling consists on both of the audio drivers and I cant recommend the game knowing that it has this issue. I also tried a reinstall nothing changed.I've checked around for fixes and cant find any but I managed to find a very small number of people who have the same issue. No fixes to report and no Consistancy in our Hardware.
,Recommended,307690,29201620,Posted: 12 January,all,Hippo,"I had this on ps3 before but about a year ago i bought it for PC.There were problems with lag. It ran at 12 frames and it was really annoying. But i did some♥♥♥♥♥♥and the game worked. And oh my good is this game fun. You can play it over and over again, and the almost endless content is amazing. I am so sad that the studio closed down. RIP secound best game of 2012 next to hotline miami"
,Recommended,307690,29202419,Posted: 12 January,all,Sylvelyon,.
,Recommended,307690,29210511,Posted: 12 January,all,carloslbarrios34,"This game is a masterpice. The driving feels great, each car feels unique. Melee combat is smooth, especially at 60 fps. Excellent gunplay. Missions are fun and don't feel repetitive. All characters are likeable and by the end of the story, which is written beautifully, you care about them. This game deserves much more attention than it ever recieved and it's a shame we will not be seing a sequel."
,Recommended,307690,31053833,Posted: 9 April,all,hknglgcli,nice game.
76561198053813308,Recommended,307690,21004809,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Pingu,"'I wish I could rive your rife, just for one day'"
76561198116624136,Recommended,307690,30200524,Posted: 26 February,all,Dizzzzzzzzzzzlin,jaw dropping goodness.chinese slurs (in english subs)I have not stopped having fun since i started playing this game.rockstar and square enix must be brothers from other mothers.This game is a unreal must play if u have not played it.9.5/10 easily.
,Recommended,307690,30219527,Posted: 27 February,all,Xin chào tôi là su hào,"Remember Get Face lv10 before buy any fancy clothes,car.... or u will regret it like me.Anyway great game"
76561198124482181,Recommended,307690,29581531,Posted: 30 January,all,bassmickey,"I went into this expecting a generic GTA clone... boy was I in for a surprise... instead I found an unique world and a fun combat system, the likes of the yakuza series. I'm loving it!"
,Recommended,307690,29599532,Posted: 30 January,all,ImpostoR,"Let me start this off by just saying this is not another GTA clone.The game STRONGLY orients towards hand to hand combat instead of guns.And it does a great job at that, the combat is unique and very enjoyable.It also puts a twist on the usual cops & thugs theme.The streets of Hong Kong are amazing, the atmosphere is stunning and the soundtrack is fitting."
76561198050847096,Recommended,307690,29494961,Posted: 25 January,all,Sweetfury,"As an Asian, Open-world Hong Kong theme very imppressive. Better than GTAV or Saint Row if you love bare-hand combo style combat. Storyline is great! Feel like starring Hong Kong mafia movie.Is worth your money."
,Recommended,307690,29462556,Posted: 24 January,all,Xnehaxixh,"Awesome Game! Beats GTA V for me.-Storyline 10/10-Characters 10/10-Action and Combat 12/10-Music  9/10 (he w8, I am not chinese!)Hey devs, please make Sleeping Dogs 2 somewhere in Japan or South Korea!"
76561198154569341,Recommended,307690,29408883,Posted: 21 January,all,Dora,"great game but the story was to short, i finish this game just for one day but still satisfied when i bought this game :D"
,Recommended,307690,29845866,Posted: 11 February,all,teodorra17,"great story, great graphics, a little bit short but its good 10/10"
76561198083684905,Recommended,307690,29850844,Posted: 11 February,all,Semper_Nike,"Chinese GTA with parkour, what is not love?Oh, right... the morther f****king notifications poping up making me die at every drugbust"
,Recommended,307690,29884040,Posted: 12 February,all,Mein_Titler csgoroll.com,"Great game!!!!Rated 10/10 .Beautiful Lighting and Reflections along with other minor details, and actually focuses on how the place looks in real life, rather than just setting random shops.Strongly Reccomend it to people who would like challenges, good stories, good sidequests, and a good game."
,Recommended,307690,31059973,Posted: 10 April,all,Porter,"It's like the kung fu version of GTA set in Hong Kong, but better than GTA. Whats not to like?"
,Recommended,307690,32682807,Posted: 23 June,all,Berserk | CSGOROLL.COM,Great buy for great price!
,Recommended,307690,32713721,Posted: 23 June,all,Carmichael,"Amazing game with a classic Hong Kong style mafia-themed storyline. One of the things I love about this game is its tribute to Hong Kong culture and its language. I always get a kick out of everyone speaking understandable (not broken) Cantonese.While the story was decent, what made it work was the incredible voice actors. Wei sounds so badass when he's threatening other people: it's a treat listening to his voice in action. The next best thing was the gameplay. The fighting system felt so rewarding with every punch and kick. You can feel the pain when you see Wei break someone's arms or legs. Sometimes, when I get bored of playing the storyline, I can just go out on the street and create havoc over HK.Speaking of HK, I loved the dynamic of the different areas where you can see the contrast of the rich and poor areas of HK. Although not real places, it felt really genuine.I highly recommend this to people who like GTA style games but perhaps want a different style and theme from American culture."
,Recommended,307690,32715123,Posted: 24 June,all,Litz,"10/10 Fighting, 10/10 Driving, 10/10 Shooting, over all 10/10 game"
,Recommended,307690,32672279,Posted: 23 June,all,icus,liked the game
,Recommended,307690,32710016,Posted: 23 June,all,Yanto Bin Mahmud,great game..30/10..
76561197969585172,Recommended,307690,32891412,Posted: 27 June,all,Dustin #RavenNation,Awesome game!!! I spent two days♥♥♥♥♥♥fighting.... You pick strong♥♥♥♥♥♥!!
,Recommended,307690,30770277,Posted: 27 March,all,PsychoWren ♥,"It looks nice...Oh, and it's the same game which was also ♥♥♥♥ing great."
,Recommended,307690,32908652,Posted: 27 June,all,The Day That Never Comes,Nice game
76561198080923142,Recommended,307690,32871759,Posted: 27 June,all,Daredevil,Wataaaaaa simulator.Warning: Bruce Lee real life tutorial not included!!!
,Recommended,307690,32841418,Posted: 26 June,all,rendyS,"The game is awesome, the stories, even the cutscene. This game is really recomended for those who loves playing some fighting game."
76561198142032487,Recommended,307690,32860257,Posted: 27 June,all,Khaon,"i like the game because of the martial arts,but maybe they must add barbers."
,Recommended,307690,29737591,Posted: 6 February,all,Hymen Buster 5000,GET TO BEAT THE F*CK OUT OF SOME STUPID♥♥♥♥♥MFERS!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,307690,32630375,Posted: 21 June,all,Hayashi,"Pretty fun, played alot on the old version and decided to grab this on sale. seems to not run as great tho so if u have the old version dont even bother its not worth it, no visual upgrades."
,Recommended,307690,32541806,Posted: 18 June,all,✯Death,You play as Bruce Lee's son that has invincible p*nis.10/10
,Recommended,307690,32633989,Posted: 21 June,all,EFFECT,I like the style this game went with and I like the fighting. Though driving is a bit sloppy and Wei only takes 1 sip from his soda then throws it to the ground.Come on Wei.
76561198008914218,Recommended,307690,32688366,Posted: 23 June,all,Popinjay,The bits that Ive played of this game are amazing.  For the price its a steal.
,Recommended,307690,33582181,Posted: 16 July,all,Caparzo,You either can say this game is like Grand Theft Auto: Hong Kong or you can say this game is like playing a Hong Kong action movie.10/10
,Recommended,307690,33584847,Posted: 16 July,all,Flaw,"Seriously ,it's really a nice game ,the whole game will give you a special experience which I can not express with the words and can only feel with your heart .The feeling ,is kind of empty and lost ...Anyway ,it's a good game worth to be played and you may have a totally different experience ."
76561198315300044,Recommended,307690,28530401,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,corwangroux,"Sleeping Dogs was initially described to me as Asian GTA, which I suppose is fairly accurate on the face of it. However, when I played it, I found that while Sleeping Dogs was certainly created in the spirit of the Grand Theft Auto franchise, it brings a much more engaging and morally gray storyline with its undercover cop protagonist.What truly makes it shine, however, is its melee combat. The combat mechanics for firearms were nothing special, but who cares when you can use your kung-fu to beat down the baddies? Melee combat in Sleeping Dogs didn't just make my character look badass, it made me feel badass as well."
,Recommended,307690,30357307,Posted: 6 March,all,オキドキ JOSE Skin.Trade,god daamn awesome!
,Recommended,307690,30358313,Posted: 6 March,all,sit and look pretty,"It's setting is in Hong Kong, and I was raised in Hong Kong, why would I not support it LOL!Tho the characters and setting are not ""Hong Kong"" enough, It looked more like China town in USA.Would give it 8/10 cause gameplay was not bad."
76561198339435103,Recommended,307690,30348011,Posted: 5 March,all,Thepotatoman90,why do i have studering in this game like a lot every time i fight or drive a car other then that problem its a amazing game
76561198058742922,Recommended,307690,31225674,Posted: 18 April,all,00theduke00,A man that never had a pork bun is never a real man
76561198150152819,Recommended,307690,31303295,Posted: 22 April,all,jeffreyflood87,Damn good game...
,Recommended,307690,31273826,Posted: 21 April,all,Eiiiiy,"A man who never eat pork buns is no man at all..hint: Always buy pork buns...would play again,,"
76561198102135274,Recommended,307690,31230138,Posted: 18 April,all,Mr_Giggles,"Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition is arguably in my opinion my favorite game of all time. Although this game lacks in graphics, it makes up for this by providing a unique setting in comparison to other open world games. Unlike the Grand Theft Auto franchise Sleeping Dogs is set in a new vibrant city that hasn't already been explored by previous titles or other franchises. Sleeping Dogs also makes up for it's semi-lackluster soundtrack by featuring the best storyline in any game that I have ever played. Overall, I would rate Sleeping Dogs 10/10 not IGN."
76561198253495448,Recommended,307690,31368280,Posted: 25 April,all,Razmirth,"Picked this game up about 6 months or so ago. Didnt expect much from it to be honest, but i was pleasently surprised.I highly reccomend the game for anyone who likes a strong story. There are definitely some slow points in the game, running back and forth all over town (take cabs if you wanna get to mission objectives faster) but there's tons to keep busy doing. Its like grand theft auto, but i found it better story wise. Characters are extremley convincing, like real life guys you'd meet. great Script writers!"
76561198216034827,Recommended,307690,31383629,Posted: 26 April,all,Chrypt,It's amazing
,Recommended,307690,31388205,Posted: 26 April,all,Ibuki Mioda,One of my favorite games that feels like GTA but on the side of the good guys for a change while under cover with a lot more hand to hand action.   Really sad that they won't be releasing a continuation to the series after their budget was completely cut off.
76561198009302007,Recommended,307690,31391163,Posted: 27 April,all,DeadPixels,A must play for fans of old school martial arts films.
76561198237965852,Recommended,307690,31728950,Posted: 13 May,all,adir2773-sandcastle,a really good gamereally good storynot the best look but i understand beacuse of the year ....anyway its a8/10but one last thing spolier alartgo down<the characthers die one after one  and it just sad >
76561198085430450,Recommended,307690,31717740,Posted: 13 May,all,Blind Luck Inc.,"I recommend, but give it about 6-7 out of 10.Nice stress relief for discount, but with several gameplay cons:1) getting too easy very quickly.2) way too ressourceful, garage full of cars that I never use.3) Replayability is zero.4) Sidemissions very repetitive.In overall: playable and fun, if You are new to this kind of games. Good thing that you can choose what side missions to play and how many you want to skip."
76561197990132467,Recommended,307690,32872438,Posted: 27 June,all,Ogre,GTA with martial arts. FUN. Driving isn't as easy as other games (GTA) especially if your not used to driving on the left side. Great game overall.
,Recommended,307690,30383876,Posted: 7 March,all,¡¡The Headline,"This is what happens when you take Saints Row and GTA, throw them into Hong Kong, and add in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of Cantonese that sounds like gibberish to somebody who can speak Standard Mandarin. In other words, a good ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198143214992,Recommended,307690,33040395,Posted: 30 June,all,Skrillex's mum,"Well the game it's self is pretty good, however I would prefer a first person mode to it, but the main thing is if you don't have a strong GPU I highly suggest getting something else."
,Recommended,307690,33035255,Posted: 30 June,all,BangKris99,old but gold
,Recommended,307690,33035964,Posted: 30 June,all,djneo,Pure awesomeness :)
,Recommended,307690,33035208,Posted: 30 June,all,kobbiCSGO♥33;dA-k1Ng,.
,Recommended,307690,31717599,Posted: 13 May,all,Slowsodium,An amazing game. Worth picking up if you have the chance.
,Recommended,307690,31648140,Posted: 9 May,all,Roger Purple,"good game, great story"
,Recommended,307690,33115919,Posted: 1 July,all,z4a7wq,good
76561198402191788,Recommended,307690,33051134,Posted: 30 June,all,d4kingroach,"ive been having alot of crashing on this game, the game is fun to play though"
,Recommended,307690,33049531,Posted: 30 June,all,lee111,"Just replay this game for the 4th times, really fun game play and great story. It's really sad that we may not get Sleeping dogs 2 :("
76561198064615380,Recommended,307690,33228235,Posted: 4 July,all,SOLID.AhKai,"a game with the combination of GTA and Kung fu, gangster and police, the only thing i no really like is it is really hard to get a gun in this game. i will give it 8.5/10"
76561198271977371,Recommended,307690,33677082,Posted: 20 July,all,boblangridge813,I think it's a good as GTA 5 great graphics and smooth gameplay
,Recommended,307690,33687550,Posted: 20 July,all,BL[ .. ]NK,Perfect game for a perfect time!
76561198009706358,Recommended,307690,33664629,Posted: 19 July,all,poomps77,Probably as good as GTA probably even better. The environment and the story line is great. The Characters are amazing. The only thing wrong with this is the driving is pretty blocky. Overal I'd give this a 8/10
,Recommended,307690,33683392,Posted: 20 July,all,RED,story is amazing and moreover fights are awesome. most 0f the fights are bare hand and moves are really good. i really love it
,Recommended,307690,33206107,Posted: 3 July,all,Spiderus' Cock,gostoso
,Recommended,307690,32978047,Posted: 29 June,all,The Memessiah,Pretty good. It's like Yakuza meets Grand Theft Auto.
,Recommended,307690,33637353,Posted: 18 July,all,Ryan,"Buy it when summer sale, old times i have original version at physical disk.So maybe for you who want to buy this, i give the comparison with original version1. First DE version have high light for the town, the town more highlight, and some new lamp and add textures building added.2. DE Version have brokeable environment for some building.3. DE Version is Next-gen Version of Sleeping Dogs (like PS4 or XBOX ONE ver.) and you must know, the Spec is increased than original version.5. Original Version have better FPS and Grapichs (this is my opinion), DE Version is so laggy at my computer. In Original Version i can play game with All Setting as High, but in DE Version Change to Normal or Low still Lag at my Computer.6. DE, All in One (you didnt need too see dlc again because all dlc already in).7. DE change new Conrol and fix many bugs from older version, but for me original version control very suit for me than this version.8. DE ver. Support 4KThat all comparison from me.For the Story is Rank 5/5, Very Awesome, if you need game open-world who can fight with GTA Series, I very recommended this game.For Gameplay is very fun, This game focus to Hand to hand Combat, GTA with Asia Style.Maybe minus at gameplay only Not Realistic Driving Control, but its still very fun.and for Grapichs is High Noon, See your spec for better gameplay at HD!"
,Recommended,307690,33641062,Posted: 18 July,all,JugSF 🌊Deterrence🌊,"I really didn't expect much going into Sleeping Dogs and my expectations were very low. To my surprise however, this game is very good and I love it alot. Probably one of my favorite games of all time to be honest. In my heart I wanna give this game a 9-10/10 but I think this game deserves an 8/10 due to some issues and I think normal people would give this a 7-8 out of 10. The problems with Sleeping dogs is that the ai is really easy to kill and you aren't gonna be challenged too much. The main problem is that the story felt way to short and anticlimatic. I was really hyped for more missions but the game kinda just ended when I wanted more. Sleeping Dogs does have a lot of Pros however. First, the combat is really satifying and if you just wanna kill things, this is a good choice. Animations feel satifying and you feel as if you are getting stronger and combat gets more fun the more you play. The atmosphere and enviorment is aesthetically pleasing and venturing through hong kong street lights and crowds of people looks interesting and pretty. The radio stations, music, and catonese that people in hong kong speak also adds a lot to the experiance. You feel like you are in Hong Kong and the developers did very good job unlike other games where everyone speaks just english or whatever. I do find that the main strength of Sleeping Dogs is the characters and story. You like and get attached to some characters and hate the guts of others which creates a tear of trust for both the player and Wei Shen. I found Wei Shen to be a charming protagnist. The story is also good and the earlier mentioned tear of trust in the story causes a lot of build up in the story. The ending however doesn't really take advantage of this tension and it's anticlimatic. After finishing the game, I felt as if I wasn't finished but I feel like that in a lot of games when I finish them so interpret that as you please. I just wished the main story was longer and the ending was better, then I would give this game a 9/10 or maybe even higher. If you are into cop movies, or kung fu movies then give this a shot. I'd also wait for a sale before buying. Even though I gave the game an 8/10 I still highly recommend Sleeping Dogs."
76561198066714729,Recommended,307690,33643869,Posted: 18 July,all,nomis4467,"Pretty good for a short game, completed the main story in about 10 hours."
76561198020130778,Recommended,307690,33644378,Posted: 18 July,all,FireBirdHank,"One of the best games I've ever played - it's GTA Hong Kong, highly recommended."
76561198025035512,Recommended,307690,33820139,Posted: 26 July,all,DrCowabunga,"Sleeping Dogs is my favorite ""GTA Clone"", and definitely exceeds GTA in the hand-to-hand combat department."
,Recommended,307690,33820080,Posted: 26 July,all,BakerJB,Great game for an alternative to GTA with very little frills. Personally I enjoyed the game until the store ended. Yes there's more to do but who wants to do that? Not that well optimised for low end hardware even if you turn everything down. If you like open world games that are violent as hell with more of a martial art's spin on GTA go for it. Just don't expect much from an older game.
,Recommended,307690,33885328,Posted: 29 July,all,rAJI,I ♥♥♥♥IN LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!
,Recommended,307690,33887854,Posted: 29 July,all,Syrion,"An excellent game, overlooked in the ""open world"" genre. Its Hong Kong is one of the best-designed and most realistic cities in all of gaming, and its protagonist is well-written and sympathetic. The melee combat is on point, with weight and challenge. Its only weaknesses are driving and gunplay."
76561198039993852,Recommended,307690,33914985,Posted: 30 July,all,Compute Bayawak,I love this game
76561197995196273,Recommended,307690,33863908,Posted: 28 July,all,j.lmcmaster,"A mix of GTA and stranglehold.You are in Hong Kong, catching up with a few old friends and bang, blood and guts.This game has a John woo feel to it with a pinch of hard boiled.Plays like GTA and will keep you occupied for a minimum of 10 hours. If you play to get everything then double he hours."
76561197976318470,Recommended,307690,33913853,Posted: 30 July,all,Brian,"Rating: 8/10This game plays a lot like GTA.  There are the usual repetitive side quests that you can ignore and stick with a central, mostly linear, story.  The hand to hand combat system is a lot of fun and reminded me of the Batman Arkham series.  There is an experience progression system with new skills as your rewards, but these skills are not needed to complete the story.  It is possible to max out your character, but you will have to do a lot more side quests.  I really appreciated that you can obtain a valet to bring you your car wherever you wind up in the city.  Each type of side quests you have to do at least once as part of the main story.  The main story is very engaging and I couldn’t wait to find out how it played out.  Besides some of the side quests being boring, I found this to be a really great game and wish that it was longer."
,Recommended,307690,33919628,Posted: 30 July,all,MEMER,A really fun open world crime game. Play as a cop and underover triad thug in hong kong. This game sort of follows a grand theft auto and mafia feel and I love those kind of games. would definitely reccomend on sale. At $5 this game was a steal.9/10 would order pork bun again
,Recommended,307690,33865689,Posted: 28 July,all,Blood_Wraith,"Good thing they didn't put an underscore in the title, it might have sucked then."
76561198099448780,Recommended,307690,33879482,Posted: 29 July,all,thebutthacker,"well its not a master piece, but it is still a very enjoyable game, it has some bugs in it(but they wont affect your gameplay at all).also when u fight u feel like a badass!(btw i bought this game for 5 bucks)"
,Recommended,307690,33901596,Posted: 30 July,all,Brian,It's good
,Recommended,307690,29132313,Posted: 8 January,all,snowiblind | 420 Sand Dunes,"Don't mind my hours here, I have like 50 more on XboxPros:-Vibrant, fluid atmosphere; city feels amazing-Looks nice, decent/ok optimization- Pretty good storyline, but short-Addictive fightingCons:-Rip driving camera-Not much gunplay, mostly button mashing fighting-Storyline is short as your♥♥♥♥♥♥(up to you)You get everything included in the DE and the brightness is toned down (I like it, other people might not), but if you have the original, don't buy this version (since getting the DLC would be cheaper)"
,Recommended,307690,33985991,Posted: 2 August,all,ZhuSeth,One of the more underrated sims. Basically Arkham + GTA but with a little bit more linear gameplay.
76561198060204319,Recommended,307690,34000246,Posted: 3 August,all,Hilury Clomptun,"Absolutely amazing game.  I played through it on console once and again on pc.  This has to be one of my favorite stories in a video game and it really makes you feel connected to the characters.  It has very fun gameplay, although it can be boring sometimes so you just have to get creative with the way you play.  I am working on my third play through right now and i still love it as much as when i first got it.  I would reccomend this to anyone who loves a good story with fun gameplay.  It also may have issues for some people as i have seen in the other reviews but that isn't something that everyone experiences and if it does not work with your computer you can always return it or otherwise.  This is a must play and i am so sad that united went out of business because this game may never get a well deserved sequel.  Overall i give this game a 100/10"
,Recommended,307690,34069490,Posted: 6 August,all,Robtimus_Prime,"What a phenomenal game. The setting is something, thus far, quite unique to me. There are familiar elements to games such as GTA or True Crime, but with enough adjustments to ensure it isn't a straight-up clone of those titles.It's also quite refreshing to drive a car in a game on the left side of the road which, living in the UK, was strangely alien to me after so much GTA, but you do get used to it.Really terrific, I do recommend this."
76561198308423020,Recommended,307690,34081603,Posted: 7 August,all,Sergen cs.money csgogem.com,"Nice storyline, nice graphics, Sleeping dogs one of those games that you have to play no matter what, well I really wanted him to get a girlfriend in the story thought he would get along with someone but it never happend. Wish there was a part 2 to this game"
,Recommended,307690,23710463,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Qin Shi Huang,Good
76561198037248901,Recommended,307690,34086030,Posted: 7 August,all,Brick Wallbody,"One of the best open world GTA style games I've ever played. A must own for Kung Fu movie buffs. The story is okay for the most part but it picks up towards the end. It's the other aspects of this game that make it shine. I like this better than any GTA game I've played. The city feels very alive and the immersion is pretty well executed. Street vendors yelling out for you to buy stuff, people making random comments about something you just did or they are talking trash on each other. At times I felt like I was in Hong Kong. The hand-to-hand combat is super fun. I do have to ding it for being to simple but it's also fun to feel like a complete BA sometimes and just WHOOP 20 guys with no problem. It plays out JUST like a Kung Fu flick. The gun play is about what you'd expect from a GTA style game. The driving is par for the course, not grand, not total junk. For fans of GTA games, I give this a 6/10 but for fans of GTA games AND Kung Fu movies, it gets an 8/10 easily. If you've ever wanted to feel like you were in a John Woo film, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,307690,32747569,Posted: 24 June,all,George,"For £4 you cannot live with yourself you don't pick this game up. This game is practically Hong Kong's version of GTA but the main fighting is with martial arts and melee weapons. This game is quite fun but can be quite challenging at times, it gets hard when you have to go 1 on 9 with strong guards. This game has some nice optimisation, I can run it on 60FPS on highest settings with a 780TI and it looks pretty nice. I mostly heard about this game a few years ago when smosh made a video on it, I have always wondered about it just wondering how it performed on pc compared to xbox 360.This game is amazing, I highly recommend this game but the one gripe I have is the fact is doesn't have multiplayer, with multiplayer it would be a thousand time more fun. Buy the game.I recently finished the game and I have to say, that story was brilliant, it had so much to give and it was different it wasn't repeated the game was just so good. I enjoyed playing it all until I realised I was on the final mission which was a real let down as I didn't want it to end. The idea of this game is so different, being an undercover cop and going through the streets fitting in with a huge gang and leading them through things, killing other gang eladers that negatively effect your gang. My favourite character is Winston as he was just such a good character and I found it a real shame when he died at the hands of the 18K at his wedding. This game was brilliant and I recommend it highly, the story is fantastic along with the idea or jumping out of your car onto another and stealing it as it drives away.Graphics-10/10Story-10/10Combat-10/10If I haven't already said this game is my favourite game.The mechanics of this game make it worth while. The idea of soaring through the sky and latching onto a car and flinging yourself into a seat is one of the most iconic features of the game. This game goes neck on neck with GTA but unlike GTA this game is constant action, combat in most missions and a good story, the story starts as you are taken in by the cops and you are known as detective, the game follows a detective sneaking into one of the most infamous gangs in Hong Kong and infiltrating them, bugging air vents or even just shooting people for their defense, but at the same time you end up fitting in, I believe he finds a conenction with them, how Winston adores his family and so on. The saddest death is Uncle Po's, where he is murdered as he sits in his hospital bed and Pendrew infiltrates and practically spikes his life support. It is just such a heart breaking scene. I almost guarantee any of you will LOVE this game, from the graphics to the game play experience, it is MARVELOUS."
,Recommended,307690,34117497,Posted: 8 August,all,Nat loves Madi,"Fun game, has quite a bit of content and driving is fun! Pick up on sale"
,Recommended,307690,34140863,Posted: 10 August,all,Gloss,"i now know how to curse at someone in chinese 10/10in all seriousness this is a really great game, very story-driven and actually made me care about the characters. though it's pretty short and the ending is a little abrupt, the core mechanics are solid and it's incredibly fun."
,Recommended,307690,34138881,Posted: 9 August,all,thehavock,"Awesome Game!It deserves to be played at least once.Not as lengthy or famous as Saints Row or GTA but a must have in your Game Collection.Loved the Story; the fighting it´s engaging; tons of collectibles; Believable voice acting; lots of stuff to do in the city; Fun from start to finish.I just wish it was a little longer, took me around 20 hours to complete the game with the DLCs.Everything it’s amazing. ( except the driving parts, but since I suck at driving in most games I think this one it’s on me)."
,Recommended,307690,34135500,Posted: 9 August,all,thanbo,"GTA that focus more on close quarters combat, a lot more on-scene characters."
,Recommended,307690,34114138,Posted: 8 August,all,Blackhawks,"My Review For Sleeping Dogs: Definitive EditionPositivesGraphics were amazing for Hong Kong Style.The combat was great for the hand to hand.The side missions were not all the same/repetitive.It def gives you the feel of being stuck between the two worlds Undercover/Triad.NegativesI had like 2 missions restart me telling me i walked away to far from them when they didnt really start at all. Not much of a negative though, It just restarted me 5 feet away.Once you get down how the enemies fight, its pretty easy to counter their attacks ( Once again not much of a negative , its still overall really fun to take on abunch at once. )OverallI would give this game a9/10I really enjoyed it for being an open world I def could have kept doing side missions while doing the main missions.  To give you an idea of what my game was like In sleeping dogs my girlfriend cheated on me so i confronted her we fought i put her in my trunk, drove the car off a cliff into the water after that i had a pork bun and went and watched♥♥♥♥♥♥fighting."
,Recommended,307690,34351920,Posted: 19 August,all,Backupcavalry,"One of the best combat systems I've ever seen, although it's a pity the devs has such a huge stick up their butt about keeping balance / cohesive vision / whatever the hell is stopping me from using whatever costume or weapon I want when I want to. Kind of dense to put in all these cool DLCs that you can't use in the majority of the content."
76561198262531442,Recommended,307690,34347451,Posted: 19 August,all,munwei.chan,Fun and immersive. Looks and sounds just like Hong Kong!
,Recommended,307690,34363814,Posted: 19 August,all,Takumi,"Confucius say: ""A man who never eats pork buns is never a whole man!""I absorbed so many Chinese wisdoms with the help of Bruce Lee/Jackie Chan/Jet Li."
,Recommended,307690,34366594,Posted: 19 August,all,i have aidslin,"This game is great, it looks really good and is a ton of fun. The only cons are that I'd like a little more freedom in terms of plot and customization. Regardless, the combat is great, driving is fun, every side mission is fun, voice acting is great, and as somebody that's been to Hong Kong it feels like you're there.I never even write reviews but wow is this game underrated."
,Recommended,307690,34360619,Posted: 19 August,all,GodDamnHero gift-drop.com,It's a nice game.
,Recommended,307690,34374309,Posted: 20 August,all,AutumnJelly,"Fun game, a bit short though and there's not really that much you can do. Yeah it's open world but there's not much free missions you can do or some other features. The story is decent at best. Collectibles aren't worth the trouble. 6/10 overall"
76561198070055549,Recommended,307690,35175580,Posted: 24 September,all,vrabbb,good game
,Recommended,307690,35170905,Posted: 23 September,all,Rad Guy,Good.
76561198180697873,Recommended,307690,35169378,Posted: 23 September,all,Droid8Apple,"The question isn't ""is this a good game""... it's ""would you enjoy being an undercover cop/triad ganster ninja who uses kung-fu + guns, umbrellas, shopping bags, butcher's cleavers, etc to kill and brutally beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of anyone you come across?""Honestly though, I don't know what rock I lived under to miss this. It takes elements from the other open world games we all know and love, yet still feels like it's own thing. The combat is fluid and fun and is almost as satisfying as Batman games, sometimes it can actually be moreso. There's different things to see and do, from stopping for a cup-o-noodles (boosting your health regen for a certain time thereafter) to doing a flying roundhouse kick while dressed as Rico, Deus Ex, or Agent 47 off the top of a bus and cracking some random pedestrians' face off of your foot.The truly best thing is that today (the day of this review) I bought the game (normally priced at $30) for $4.50... yes it's a couple years old but it still looks beautiful in 2017 and is one of the few games that my 1070 can't push past 1080p (with absolutely everything cranked to the maximum which is how I play every game; stepping up resolution until GPU usage is at 100%). Bought it today and played 9 hours straight.TLDR- It's a GTA style of game... except you're ninja... you didn't buy it yet?"
76561198028561425,Recommended,307690,35168894,Posted: 23 September,all,Stackers,"It's been a long time since I was hooked by a new game. Bought this today and already almost 8 hours played. What a game!I'm not usually one for trying to 100% a game, getting all the collectibles etc. But I think I will with this as everything is part of the story and has a reason.Get it! You won't regret it. For £3! :O"
,Recommended,307690,35170864,Posted: 23 September,all,Loring,endorses bike safety
,Recommended,307690,33944290,Posted: 1 August,all,Emily,A roundhouse kick un the face is just so satisfying 10/10
,Recommended,307690,35180222,Posted: 24 September,all,iimMrBrightside,"What might be classed as another 'Grand Theft Auto Clone', Sleeping Dogs is the spiritual successor to one of my all-time favourite franchises, the 'True Crime' series."
76561198202682852,Recommended,307690,35180226,Posted: 24 September,all,Nermian,It's a good game - I'd describe it as Grand Theft Auto but Asian. Imediatly you will see that the controls however are its very own thing. At first you may wonder why the vault and run button are the same but then once you play it and get everything like the combos and even the guns later in the game you will realise why the controls have been set like that. Its a good game. But i suggest using the 2 hrs to see if it is really for u before refunding it
76561198045989928,Recommended,307690,35189306,Posted: 24 September,all,mat.d.ohio,fun objective-driven open-world game with solid fighting mechanics
76561198141048076,Recommended,307690,35018003,Posted: 17 September,all,jaywong0912,Good games for Hong Kong gamer.
,Recommended,307690,35015288,Posted: 16 September,all,Rghteraclas,"This is my favourite open world game. I play AC series, GTA, Saints row, and many other open world games but this remains at the top of my list.My playing hours will not grind to a halt anytime soon because i intend to 'live' in the sleeping dogs world and explore every nook and cranny.Many people complain about the combat but you really need to understand how martial art works. The game reflects the underlying elements very well in this aspect imo.Graphics is phenomenal for a relatively old game. Performance is great. >100 fps at 1080p high and around 60-70 fps on extreme settings. My GPU is Gtx 1060 strix OC."
,Recommended,307690,35004153,Posted: 16 September,all,Lawlessness01,If GTA took place in Hong Kong and had hand-to-hand combat.
76561198045147690,Recommended,307690,14358254,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,[ONS]Emanouche,"I love the game and have it on my 360, I was excited to see that the definitive edition could run on my poor GPU (Intel HD 4400) since Intel HD 4000 or higher was recommended. My comp is well above minimum requirements and even on low settings I cannot run it with a decent FPS (I got about 10-15 on low). Thumb down for false advertisement. Edit 9/16/2017: Upgraded PC, and the game is good, but still bitter about the false advertisement. Great game though."
76561198164789207,Recommended,307690,35002594,Posted: 16 September,all,FireSt0rm,Good
,Recommended,307690,35018284,Posted: 17 September,all,Ykelle,GTA HongKong with Batman style fighting.
76561198087313362,Recommended,307690,35064741,Posted: 19 September,all,john_ergine,"Sleeping Dogs and its version of Hong Kong has a great feel to it. The story is OK and the depicted world really violent and bloody. As open world crime games go, this is a winner. The melee fighting system works great and the whole idea to give guns a lesser role is fresh.The graphics could be a little better, and sadly, this game is buggy as heck. Nothing game breaking, but enough clitches to constantly yank you out of immersion.Also, +5 for a Ninja Tune radio station."
76561198358733851,Recommended,307690,35222754,Posted: 26 September,all,EternityACE,"One of the best games ive ever played, its just so good ""speechless""Pork bunnnnnnnnnnnnnStory- 9/10graphics- 10/10combat- 8/10style- 9/10lifestyle quality- 9/10interactions- 9/10overall -9/10"
76561198326268779,Recommended,307690,35223066,Posted: 26 September,all,Bigdickman,"Really a good game I would say. Especially for the lovers of martial arts, this game provides you a good experiment to really  become a master and be in the world of 20th Hongkong."
76561198092837314,Recommended,307690,35224644,Posted: 26 September,all,Jshellrunner,"This game is the hidden gem of Square Enix's older games. If you like GTA related games, you should get this and experience GTA set in Hong Kong, circa 2012. The main story is intense and unpredictable as typical Hong Kong undercover thriller and TV drama. There are tons of side quests, collectibles and 2 free DLC stories alongside main story for achievement hunters. Lots of clothes and vehicles available to test out, including secret ""batmobile"" DZS-90. Grab it now at insane 85% discount now! Btw I bought this game at 75% discount (around RM14 or USD 7.5) early 2017."
,Recommended,307690,35225419,Posted: 26 September,all,M1G,10/10
76561198310235717,Recommended,307690,34989919,Posted: 16 September,all,parent.j.f,What an achievement! I managed to clean the street of Hong Kong from the evil triad in about 15 hours using kung fu and an auto-healing body.  I just feel bad about myself not having date a little bit more the kung fu chick tho. She was a very promising mate in all regards...
,Recommended,307690,35098067,Posted: 20 September,all,kristofferdennis,"One of my fave games of all times. Awesome story, excellent combat mechanics and great graphics. I highly recommend this game to martial art fans who love Hong Kong action movies! :)"
76561197965046644,Recommended,307690,35100160,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"I highly recommend this as it felt like a Chinese Action film. The game focus mainly on CQC (guns are in the game but aren't the main focus when it comes to combat) but does it very nicely with the ability to pull off combos or use the environment to take out your enemies. The game is also open world with a bit of side activities to do (nothing compared to GTA 5 but it does keep you on your feet).Please Note that this edition does have all the DLC, fixes a few bugs and makes the game look a bit more sharper with the graphics. I recommend this if you don't have the previous version.Overall if you like open world, fighting and crazy action games then you might find this enjoyable."
,Recommended,307690,25558714,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ØniKanji,"Fun game, just more dated than I thought. My only problem is that combat is very easy."
,Recommended,307690,35002190,Posted: 16 September,all,Our Lord and Savior Will Smith.,"It seems like a good game, but it's not really my cup of tea."
76561198356714344,Recommended,307690,35168886,Posted: 23 September,all,河中散棄,讲实话，这波十三块钱我是很满意的，真的非常好玩，比GTA5还有趣，连击系统超级爽，PC端也可以操作的很舒服，不过就是会比较损鼠标。
76561198195034365,Recommended,307690,35175282,Posted: 24 September,all,ZerØ ツ,Really good game. LOVE IT <3
,Recommended,307690,35217630,Posted: 26 September,all,✪ AronR,This game so awesome i loved it
,Recommended,307690,35217489,Posted: 26 September,all,xxxtentacles,"great game, highly reccomended"
,Recommended,307690,35249482,Posted: 27 September,all,Jay,really
,Recommended,307690,35249591,Posted: 27 September,all,PhantomSoldier,much better graphically than original plus more side quests and more fighting moves.
,Recommended,307690,35262534,Posted: 28 September,all,"Kenny ""The Cleaner"" Omega",Went from busting a drug deal to singing karaoke and infiltrating a hospital within the span of about 30 minutes.Would recommend.
76561198135972369,Recommended,307690,35263209,Posted: 28 September,all,[K]aiju 👽,Its really good. was hoping for a sequel
,Recommended,307690,35270682,Posted: 28 September,all,Mr.Duke| hellcase.com,"Awesome, love the fighting and the story"
,Recommended,307690,35258022,Posted: 28 September,all,Kumiho,Definitive Edition drops zero trading cards.:(
,Recommended,307690,35255242,Posted: 27 September,all,Samyxd,"Incredible history, unique combat style, a lot of hours of gameplay and too much things, excelent game."
76561198015659601,Recommended,307690,35258935,Posted: 28 September,all,GamePsycho,"Why didn't I buy this game before???? Oh right, price.Anyway, it's GTA meets Lethal Weapon.Pros:- Story- Graphics- Fighting- Pork buns- and the list goes onCons:- He doesn't really keep a weapon at all times (I like to be ""packin' fo ma"" protection)- Driving on the other side (Hong Kong is crazy)- People (I'm not a people person...just saying)Ok, comedy aside. It really is a great game with a deep story,♥♥♥♥♥kicking, blood filling cop story. Controls are easy, fighting interface is adequate (ex: if you get jumped by 10 guys, you don't necessarily die - you can fight them all). There are no real cons for me. And NO, I'm not good at writing reviews!"
76561198107649994,Recommended,307690,35273037,Posted: 28 September,all,PotaTornado666,"Just finished the main story and most of the side activites. I still have some unfinished business which I'm pretty sure I will come back to.Sleeping Dogs is in my opinion one of the most unique open world crime games out there. To be honest I enjoyed it more than all the Saints Rows for instance (even GTA 4... Don't hate me)So, to summarize it all:Pros:-The game looks great. It's a remaster of a game from 2012 so nothing too mindblowing! Still holds well in my opinion though.-It's darker, grittier than GTA for instance. It's gonna get bloody a lot.-Combat is really amazing. Most of the time you're gonna rely on kung fu which can be fun and you can learn new combos and attacks. There are also handguns, shotguns, assault rifles and you also get a cover system to use. Firearms don't really feel unique but vaulting over cover while you're shooting up gangsters in slowmo makes 'em fun to use.-Hong Kong is alive. The environment is detailed, you can see people in stores, in parks chilling on benches, talking and that kind of stuff.  Basically it feels like wandering in a huge metropolis so that's a plus.-Lots of side content: There are races, side missions which fill up your ""Face lever"" and gives you ingame bonuses, opens up content. Lots of missions as well.-Variety of vehicles, clothes, food to eat (gives you temporary buffs)-Simple but interesting story and main character. I also liked the ending which is considered ""meh"" by many people-Good voice acting-Has all the DLC.Cons-It can be repetitive. The side content is the main culprite here. There are a few ""do this for me a hundred million times"" kind of side missions. Luckily not too many.-Simple story. Plot twists can be obvious sometimes. Still liked it though-(Personal opinion here):In my opinion it would have been cooler if the devs have used the chinese language more. Some people speak chinese in the game but it's not enough.-Minor graphical bugsOverall: I thoroughly enjoyed Sleeping Dogs. This was actually my third time finishing the game (first one on Steam). I think you can have at least 12-15 hours of fun with the game without the side content but let's face it: It's an open world game! You wanna do side stuff aren't you?So yes! I absolutely recommend Sleeping Dogs if you're looking for an original, stylish open world game. I hope that most of you are going to enjoy it as much as I did!"
76561198079324540,Recommended,307690,35281008,Posted: 28 September,all,Wishdusk2,"You start out in Hong Kong, and you stay in Hong Kong.Imma just say itPros:SO MUCH TO DOPARKOURSO MUCH TO DOMORE PARKOURAHHH SO MUCH TO DOLOTS OF MELEE FIGHTS AND COOL SLO-MODid I mention thats theres so much stuff to do?..But in all seriousness, after 7-8 hours of playing and more to come, ive constantly been doing the Triad and Cop Missions and i havent even gotten 25%of the game done yet. Theres a lot of cool slo-mo parts where you can try to sneak an extra move in after grappling someone. Game doesn`t need a super high graphics card to play on max settings, I have a GTX 960 and I run between 60-90 fps with mostly max settings. You actually feel connected in the story.Cons:The pistol aiming is weird and settings clunky and very inaccurate.Some of the fights are actually pretty difficult.When theres a chat going on in a vehicle and you crash itll instantly stop the dialogue and wont replay it.Some of the races are BS. Some bikes and cars are miraculously 20 times faster when you pass them and they quickly reclaim the place they were just at.Other than that, I would totally recommend this game. Its fun, its by square enix, so for a game that came out in 2014 it has better graphics than CoD WW2."
,Recommended,307690,35278295,Posted: 28 September,all,my name jeff,"An incredible game! Definitley one of my top 5 favorite games of all time. It has an awesome story that is super interesting throughout the entire game. It has an awesome combat mechanic (similar to that of the Batman Arkham games) with a good amount of shooting as well. The driving, although not the best throughout gaming, has a couple of unique features that you will come to discover. Sadly we won't be seeing a Sleeping Dogs 2 as the developer recently went out of business (most likely the reason the game is so cheap right now) For $5 I defintley would recommend picking it up"
,Recommended,307690,35280581,Posted: 28 September,all,kool.kevin2006,♥♥♥♥ those hacking mini games
,Recommended,307690,35238199,Posted: 27 September,all,Zuberyl,"Can't leave the apartment without jump kicking someone right outside my door, kungfu/10"
76561198079734906,Recommended,307690,35254291,Posted: 27 September,all,Charlotte's A Hoe,"I love it! Definetely buy the game when its on sale! Can't beat a great storyline. Just like most of the ppl here say, like GTA but in Hong Kong."
76561198255347936,Recommended,307690,35250813,Posted: 27 September,all,NelsonGoat,"the main story is a bit short but very nice though. the combat system is vivid with sound effects. karaoke concept is very nice. types of event are repetitive. things to do after completed main story is not many, a bit less on variety of entertainment."
76561198032068105,Recommended,307690,35188787,Posted: 24 September,all,matt1184,"So far, so good; I do wish the car hijack distance was a bit better and that driving with better, but it is not bad at all.  Especially if you can get it for $5 like I did.The game is a little racist; the white chicken never wins."
,Recommended,307690,35248296,Posted: 27 September,all,El papi,"I liked Watch_Dogs, and this game even more. Pretty short unfortunately."
,Recommended,307690,35248390,Posted: 27 September,all,★ MIC ★,the one and only weiner chin
76561197994916087,Recommended,307690,35189411,Posted: 24 September,all,Grokalibre,GTA-like with fun combat and good minigames.The setting and plot are good too.
76561198397789355,Recommended,307690,35142094,Posted: 22 September,all,Size546,Meh. For some reason the frame rate was terrible. Other than that it was a good game
76561198160633262,Recommended,307690,35231333,Posted: 26 September,all,quinnypig22773,So far this game is real fun game.
,Recommended,307690,33448261,Posted: 10 July,all,Youmu konpaku★StatTrak™,Hey.Wei.Winston want you to beat Dog eyes !
,Recommended,307690,35234555,Posted: 26 September,all,Björn,GTA featuring Jet Li in Hongkong
76561198311773232,Recommended,307690,35237896,Posted: 27 September,all,Nois3,"9/10just 30.000 rupiah,"
76561198120666777,Recommended,307690,35236413,Posted: 26 September,all,gluefactorybjj,"I purchased this on sale and I have to say that this was a real surprise, especially since I knew it was a refresh of an older title.  Sure, some of the graphics are kind of ""angular"", but the movement, driving, fighting, etc. are surprisingly good.Recommended.PS.  I don't like co-op/multiplayer games, so my reviews will not cover that aspect of the games if they are available.  I also tend to be a ""stealth/sniper"" style player so I take longer and I frequently leave my games running in the background while I do something else, so my game hours will sometimes be ridiculously high..."
,Recommended,307690,35231296,Posted: 26 September,all,Fedrix_Eric,"good game just 30.000 rupiahs, i have ps3 version and pc now"
,Recommended,307690,35361088,Posted: 30 September,all,Princess Reginald,"Remember True Crime: Streets of LA? Its like that but Chinesey.Also for £2.99 its a steal!Addendum: When you save mid mission, you expect to continue from that point. Nope! You have to do it all again. ffs"
76561198263696270,Recommended,307690,35393451,Posted: 1 October,all,Muddz ツ,i think its the best 5$ ive ever spend on a game.like GTA  with cooler fighing mechanics and cooler tricks and even kong-fu.well game mechanics and graet story.this is an awesome game i strongly recommend it for anyone who likes to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of enemis and even normal peaple xd.anyway buy it just an all round good game.
,Recommended,307690,35384871,Posted: 1 October,all,Rick,7/10
,Recommended,307690,35387888,Posted: 1 October,all,-THIRDY-,I like this more than GTA 5. Very good Story. Fight scenes are intense. Not too easy not too hard.
,Recommended,307690,35407608,Posted: 2 October,all,AYLOLHENDI,gud game dumbass ok play this
,Recommended,307690,35408102,Posted: 2 October,all,Con,BEST GAME ! worths your precious time
76561198254932799,Recommended,307690,35439313,Posted: 3 October,all,Owilla,"Sleeping Dogs is definitely one of the most underrated games ever.It emphasizes a lot on story telling and the world is delicately designed with tons of details and liveliness to serve that purpose (not super large though).If you enjoyed games like Mafia and earlier Assassin's Creeds, you will 100% like this one. Their flows are quite similar."
,Recommended,307690,35439173,Posted: 3 October,all,Captain Calamity,absolutely amazing. awesome story. awesome driving. awesome cars. awesome side missions. awesome activities. the hand to hand fighting is ♥♥♥♥ing phenomenal. play it. just play it. only issue is the camera is a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,307690,35436464,Posted: 2 October,all,Uncle Not,GG
76561198100248967,Recommended,307690,35445659,Posted: 3 October,all,Dab,I was addicted when I got this game blyad it was really fun
,Recommended,307690,35439151,Posted: 3 October,all,RK_47,Real Fun.Good Graphics (Not the best or worse)Some Added things u wont have in GTA.U Can Fight Like Bruce Lee With Awesome Kung Fu $h!t
76561198179613970,Recommended,307690,35440800,Posted: 3 October,all,Ʉ₦Ӿ₱Ɇ₵₮ɆĐ,MY SLEEPING DOGS IS NOT WORKING ALWAYS CRASH WHEN I STARTING NEW GAME
76561198141785647,Recommended,307690,35425043,Posted: 2 October,all,Yigor,"You can briefly smell and feel the culture even if the graphical athmosphere is not perfectly realistic. The sound choices, random street dialogs in this game are truly amazing! You can hear people talking, selling stuff and even offering special discounts, lol. In-game musics are like what makes this game a masterpiece (in-car musics). At the first time, fighting might be hard to get used to, but you can predict and react their kicks and punches which you feel more and more in the game athmosphere as you start to feel like a street gangster. This game definitely satisfied me as street fighter who jumps from fight to fight that I will no longer need to go to China and fight with others and get some unwanted trouble, thanks to Sleeping Dogs. Personal rating: 10/9 if the car and motorbike controls were better, I would definitely give it 10/10 blindly. Recommended."
76561198074587713,Recommended,307690,35240708,Posted: 27 September,all,El Solo Lobo,Chinese Gta with kung fu n sht .All in all a very good game.
,Recommended,307690,35312770,Posted: 29 September,all,Punished Succ,"for £3 its a steal, the hand to hand combat is smooth and great to punch and kick some fat gangster in his♥♥♥♥♥♥The story is interesting though i hoped there was multiple endings depending your loyalty to the law or the triads but hey its not bad still. This is will probably take you 14-16 hours depending if you do side missions or try and find the upgrades."
76561198047846026,Recommended,307690,35312476,Posted: 29 September,all,TheNightwing,"This game has cars, guns, kung fu and asians. What more could one ask for?World peace? A lifetime supply of those little biscuits you get with ones order of cafe au lait?Well yes, actually"
,Recommended,307690,35312213,Posted: 29 September,all,Mazu,"Great game, full of action and drama. Not only that, but it's a great deal if you got it on sale as it includes the main campaign and every single DLC, which adds to replay value."
76561198419635795,Recommended,307690,35307297,Posted: 29 September,all,Krisnamaz,"can't stop play this game, fighting, plot, graphic is amazing.i realy recomended this game."
,Recommended,307690,35304937,Posted: 29 September,all,Wasa,I had so much  fun playing this and all the side missions
76561198050314298,Recommended,307690,35293157,Posted: 29 September,all,ALFATTACK,Very good
,Recommended,307690,35418310,Posted: 2 October,all,MrNatas,"Sleeping dogs is a great variation on the GTA theme, and features a very faithful rendition of an East Asian urban ambiance.The story is compelling, the game itself is immersive and, by the time it's still a fantastic take on the open world approach.Now, this title is anything but new, and if it has received a thorough graphical face lift, it remains that the gameplay could be modernised a little further. Technically, some effort could have been done to give the game the supplementary layer of polish it deserves: many glitches are still around and if they are sometimes funny (a dude repairing a scooter that's not actually here, very, very stupid drivers, physics engine going off track...) they become annoying when they interfere with the actual gameplay (melee combat).Despite this, Sleeping Dogs is still a great, entertaining, satisfying experience with quite a lot of content. I have not found myself bored a second while playing, and I've actually been absorbed into the action and ambiance way more often than I've raged against this or that glitch. Well worth the price.The goodWonderful ambianceImmersiveSome action sequences are HK movies worthy thus very rewardingLooks goodGreat voice actingThe mehTechnically and gameplay wise, nothing really innovative by today's standardGlitchy NPCsThe camera can get a little annoying at timesSide missions can get a bit bland after a whileThe badInconsistant melee combat gameplay. I'll insist on this: in principle, the mechanics are great. There's a ton of ways to beat down your opponent and develop your a playstyle that suits you, but it's rather spoiled by very strict and not very clear timing windows for interrupts, counters and combos, so much that it gets difficult to build a consistant strategy when facing a large number of enemies.Every now and then, a glitch will make you fail a mission."
,Recommended,307690,35411100,Posted: 2 October,all,Kkwazzawazzakkaquikkwalaquaz,11/10
76561198140394607,Recommended,307690,35415622,Posted: 2 October,all,Edzo,very good game for chilling
,Recommended,307690,35454521,Posted: 3 October,all,Gwanthio,Great game with great story.. 8/10
76561198422128739,Recommended,307690,35378391,Posted: 1 October,all,koub3rtas,"I have beaten this game in PS3 but I am playing it these days again in a PC. It has amazing graphics for the time it came out, a very amuzing story but it has it's difficulties as a game, if you have not played some time with a keyboard and you cannot remember the moves. Hacking the cameras, requires the knowledge of the trick... and I have spent some time into finding it.For all I have to say, this game should be in your mind for playing it. Make a try, I think you won't loose."
76561198063073427,Recommended,307690,35424110,Posted: 2 October,all,Hailren,"This games story is pretty dang good I got hooked on it and couldnt stop playing. Got this game on sale and I gotta say was worth every penny. If you're looking to buy a GTA style game set in a chinese mafia style setting, this game is for you this is a must buy."
,Not Recommended,307690,35428659,Posted: 2 October,all,MysteryBlokHed,"This game seemed pretty good, and that's why I got it. But there are definitely things wrong with it.To start, the driving is terrible. None of the vehicles can turn properly, and the camera always goes all over the place.And although the melee combat is good for the most part, in some (common) cases, you'll need reaction times faster and timing better than a normal human has.All together, this really makes the experience really bad, so I wouldn't recommend that you get it unless this doesn't bother you."
76561197970883976,Not Recommended,307690,35434181,Posted: 2 October,all,Medicanman,"What a PITA POS. Starting with the Visual c++ problem to the screen freezes this ""game"" is over priced at $5.It ain't worth it folks. Save your sainity and play with a light socket instead."
,Recommended,307690,35430890,Posted: 2 October,all,Pochinki is my future,">Bus Mission>Getting chased by 3 thugs car>slide and smash like mario kart>Passenger screaming in agony>Road Kill dozen of pedestrian>Accidentally hit police car>ended getting Chased by cop aswell>Try hard to escape>Mission Finally Over""This is my most exciting day ever""Hongkong people 10/10"
,Recommended,307690,35457557,Posted: 3 October,all,Gothic7145,"It might lack the size and production value of an open world game in comparison to something like GTA but this game packs a well-told and interesting story, some bloody amazing martial art fighting mechanics and a good mixture of gritty gang culture moments with humourous and light-hearted segments. The side missions are usually quite entertaining to play which is something rare for an open world game. Sometimes the movement controls - mainly the driving - can feel a little off at times but this game knows what it is and it pulls it off with style.Recommended if you want a good action story with awesome fighting and some charm and style mixed in on the side. Not sure if the game would get you much past 20+ hours if you're doing the story and collecting everything but this game boasts quality over quantity which is pretty refreshing given the amount of open world games that just churn out repetitive crap over a far too big map."
,Recommended,307690,35457830,Posted: 3 October,all,Voxophone,Really accurate simulation of Hong Kong or Cantonese Chinese in general.
76561198193112798,Recommended,307690,35475237,Posted: 4 October,all,Lektop Kantor,"WARNING :  Do not mistaken this with WATCH DOGS !! Like I did !!But this is a great game nevertheless. After several hours playing, I am tempted to get a tattoo and wear sleveless shirt everywhere...."
,Recommended,307690,35497844,Posted: 5 October,all,garys food review,Ill send you back to hong kong
,Recommended,307690,35500594,Posted: 5 October,all,DOCTORFUCKYOURSELF,"Awesome story, fun fight gameplay.  A good game, its worth it."
76561198228941028,Recommended,307690,35499828,Posted: 5 October,all,casual_gamer_guy,"Great game. The overall game world is well done, from the overall look to little details such as NPC behavior and lines. The story works well, and there are some humorous elements here and there. I feel the gunplay and the handling of camera during driving annoying at times, but neither are major issues. Having said that, most fights are melee combat instead of gunfight, and the melee combat system, as well as move set are good."
,Recommended,307690,35492371,Posted: 5 October,all,Turd on the Run,"If you don't know, let me start with giving this tiny piece of information: Sleeping Dogs was actually supposed to be the third installment in the True Crime franchise, called ""True Crime: Hong Kong"". Although I tried so hard to love True Crime, I eventually realized that it's not my cup of tea. It was actually good for them to scrap this idea off because Sleeping Dogs feels like another game on its own, surpassing True Crime in every possible way, basically including an impressive story and diversive gameplay.You step in the shoes of Wei Shen, an undercover HKPD detective who is tasked with infiltrating and bringing down Sun On Yee - a very powerful Triad organization reigning in Hong Kong. To admit, the story has some easily predictable twists, but the story still comes out as one of the strongest suits of this game. This cut-throat, dog-eat-dog story has a satisfying finale, but something about the ending still seems cheesy to me: SPOILER ALERT!It's kind of ridiculous for Broken Nose Jiang to let Wei off the hook after acknowledging his true identity as a cop even if Wei was a great help on her journey to take over the Sun On Yee leadership.Although they share the same formula, describing Sleeping Dogs as a ""straight GTA rip-off"" is not fair at all. The atmosphere and open world created for Sleeping Dogs is astonishing and the developers at least tried to do everything they could to make sure that Sleeping Dogs is distinguishable from GTA and its clones. Let's start by hand-to-hand combat. You'll be busier with your fists than you'll be with your trigger finger because hand-to-hand combat is the main core of this game. Hand-to-hand combat already feels unique even by the beginning of the game, and you can improve the experience more by unlocking new moves (like leg breaking, arm breaking, stun moves, combo strikes) by getting Triad XP or going to the martial arts club. Gun fighting is way less emphasized compared to hand-to-hand fighting, so it's not the best selling point of this game but it is still fun though (Vault Shoot, everybody).Speaking of Triad XP, the missions reward you with Triad and Cop XP which give you some special perks for leveling up. Both Cop and Face XP (which is efficient in a lot of ways, for instance buying new clothes and vehicles) are easy to level up but Triad XP is a little bit troubling because once you finish the main story, there's very little to do for leveling it up (there are few side quests that can boost your Triad XP, so you generally end up replaying the missions for getting the max Triad level).The game may not be that rich in terms of side quests, but they still manage to keep you busy for a long time: Going for 100% completion takes about 48 hours, which is noticably fair. The side quests include street racing, debt collecting, stealing cars, hi-jacking security vans, doing favors (which kind of works like GTA IV's Random Encounters, but shallow in context). Praying at health shrines boosts your health bar, and opening lockboxes sometimes rewards you with unique clothes. Oh, and you can also bust drug dealers as a free-time activity which works like this: First, you clear a street corner off the thugs, then you hack the camera. After that, you use your survelliance system to identify to drug dealer and command your fellow officers to arrest him. Busting drug dealers was probably my top favourite side quest.Definitive Edition comes with two distinctive story DLCs, namely A Nightmare in North Point and Year of the Snake - they add approximately six more hours of gameplay. To be honest, A Nightmare in North Point becomes pretty boring after the first 15-30 minutes because the game is lacking in extra content and it's just about kicking ghost and demon butts. Both DLCs do not live up to the glory of Vanilla Sleeping Dogs, but Year of the Snake is the better one. In Year of the Snake, you control Wei as a beat cop going after a crazy cult in the main campaign, and making patrol shifts as side quests. It also enables you to handcuff and tazer enemies when fighting them.The game has some few issues regarding the grappling/interacting button like:- The grappling button ""E"" doesn't work fine for me, switching it to mouse wheel did the trick though.- For some reason, I can't interact with street vendors to buy food or clothes. Getting away from them or starting a fight can work. If not, reload the game.- Wei sometimes refuses to get in vehicles because of the same reason. The solution is the same as above.The real question is ""Should there be a Sleeping Dogs 2?"". Absolutely. Sleeping Dogs has proven to be successful, interesting and innovative enough to deserve a second game. However, I think they should give Wei Shen a break here. As much as Wei is a great protagonist, going too hard on him would be ""watering him down"". I know that one of the distinctive features of Sleeping Dogs is that it heavily feeds on Chinese/Far East culture, but I also see good potential otherwise. What about a game set in 70's Boston focusing on Irish Mob? Or a Donnie Brasco-esque game with Italian Mob theme? An undercover cop cracking down on French Connection maybe? I think they're good enough to put in consideration and work."
76561198037753071,Recommended,307690,35498299,Posted: 5 October,all,joneszen,"Love this game, I silently wept when I discovered that Sleeping Dogs 2 would never come to light."
76561198255449238,Recommended,307690,35454748,Posted: 3 October,all,V.A.N.G,Motocycle has the best physics 10/.10
76561198311849420,Recommended,307690,35471164,Posted: 4 October,all,Texyalen,"85% discount pruchase this.fist fight GTA , 100% recommand this game."
76561198088834460,Recommended,307690,35513258,Posted: 6 October,all,Avengerwill,Martial arts verision of GTA V
,Recommended,307690,35517616,Posted: 6 October,all,Jangustaff,"I got it on sale, very good. feels like watching celestial movies."
76561198360504838,Recommended,307690,35516174,Posted: 6 October,all,Strith Aries,"I enjoyed this game very much. There are so many aspects to this game that the things that didn't go well for me and frustrated me to high heaven (I'm impossible at racing at high speed in those threacherous curves; I felt like a pinball) that I still have a very positive feeling about this game. I only completed (more or less, there are many side missions left to be done) the main story thusfar, and had a peek at the two other chapters that can be played which are completely seperate from the main story I noticed (the trained melee skills don't all have the desired effect anymore, such as F+E combination)I found it very addictive; it's been a while since a game had me playing all through the night again and again ...I played with keyboard and mouse combination (This information I always look for in reviews, so I mention this in case it is of importance for others as well).I enjoyed the different costumes; wearing one of them (forgot the name) : in a fight it would pull out a lightgiving lance of some sorts and whacked quite nicely on my opponents ... and the variety of different cars and scooters such as that little scooter with a yellow cloud underneath, I'm still not sure what that is about to be honest ... I also wonder whether that experimental car from the quests will be added to my list of cars should I ever complete all the side missions.You get to race (mainly with cars, but also with motorcycle and even with boat), clean up triads through police investigations, gamble (rooster fighting and mah jong (even though it reminds me of yahtzee), help others (mainly by being mischievous such as racing and blowing up others), help the triad members by stealing cars, escaping rival triad groups or beating up people for ransom, .... The list is rather extensive, and you get to explore everywhere just about (it did frustrate me that I couldn't hop over tiny borders or otherwise acceptable heights of fences ... you can only climb where it is designed that you can climb; that's about the only downside to the game I can think of. It's not entirey open world in that aspect.There are collectibles to be found : health shrines, jade figurines (turn them in to learn new melee skills) and lockboxes (money + accesorries or clothing). After certain quests these items appear on the map (under collectibles). I'm happy to say I explored well and found most without them popping up on my map. Bar 3 healthshrines that are hidden well (I suspect an underground that I have yet to find). The collectibles bring you to every corner in the game and the little corners that you would otherwise skip such as a dirt road leading to a small piece of beach, a place to stop along the highway .... lockboxes can be spotted easily, just look for the red figures nearby (most of them are guarded by thugs that need defeated first). You can practice your fighting skills in 6 rounds of martial skills, or in the den where your old master teaches you in return for a statue you can fight a specific group of fighters as well (when you don't have a statue to return that is). Lots of things to do, lots of opportunities, lots of fun assured. It was well worth the money I paid for it. And I'm so happy it wasn't a zombie game! (new games tend to be always zombie zombie zombie)"
,Recommended,307690,35510932,Posted: 5 October,all,Cata.,"This game is definitely a great choice. I'll list the good things:+ You play as a badass, martial artist undercover cop that can beat the absolute living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of anybody.+ It comes with all the DLC.+ It has refined graphics and gameplay.+ The story is compelling IMO and has lots of missions to complete and is fun to play through.+ Honking your vehicles horn is more annoying than ramming into it several dozen times.+ Combat is fun. I just love vaulting over obstacles and pushing people into the ground, smashing their small head into pulp then picking up their limp, lifeless but still alive body and throwing it into a wall vent where they skull, neck and everything below is blended into an hong kong triad ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥smoothie which makes everyone around♥♥♥♥♥♥their pants and ♥♥♥♥ off while you grapple them into walls.Yeah.Fun."
