user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198012474009,Recommended,307670,19933214,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,One Tasty Piece of Bitch,"An excellent and stylstic mutation on the XCOM formula. A lot more character, but unfortunately a bit less substance.PROS:+ Unique and mostly well-executed theme. The barren hopelessness of the Old West combines well with fire and brimstone. Sluggish but hard-hitting Western firearms combine well with demonic powers, even if the source of these powers aren't all that explained.+ Story is creative and compelling, drawing well from the ""Weird West"" genre. Several characters' stories intertwine into a bigger plot.+ Mimics a lot of what XCOM does well: positioning, unit building, a variety of guns, consumables, and throwables that are mostly fairly useful.+ Large amount of equipment available. Clothes provide buffs, throwables are one use but can heavily disable enemies, consumables replenish or modify stats, and there's a decent variety of guns. After the standard Winchester, Colt SAA, Henry and the ilk are taken care of, they delved into a weird selection of failed prototypes that time forgot, as well as a few interesting creations of their own. While some direct upgrades are present, there's good reason to stagger your types of firearms and equipment used.+ ""Deck"" system allows you to stat buff characters using playing cards you find in your travels. These modifiers are very powerful but need to be carefully allocated and usually have a tradeoff.+ The ""Luck"" system is a great ""check and balance"" system to XCOM's RNG bullsugar. All characters start off with a luck bar which can be modified with consumables. Luck is used for powers as well as the more luck in your luck bar means you're harder to hit. If an enemy misses you with a 50% chance of hitting you, you lose 50 luck, meaning you're safe from damage but will be easier to hit. Additionally, helpful AoE and insta-kill powers will consume 80-90 luck, gambling an all-out offense by sacraficing your defense. Milder 10-30 luck powers can also be used. GREAT system.+ Difficulty is tweaked well. There's a casual romp, a decent challenge, and a flat-out punishment should you desire any of those.+ Sound assets are well done. The only voice acting I've encountered is your humble narriator who plays the part excellently.+ The writing in the travel sequences as engrossing and intelligent. Text isn't often wasted.+ Maps are well designed on the technical plain. Asthetically, they can look a tad samey but are gorgeous nonetheless.+ On the technical side, the graphics aren't impressive. On the asthetic plain, the visuals are grimly beautiful.+ Minimal performance issues.NEUTRAL:+- Themes might counteract each other too much to some. Those looking for a good Western might be put off by shrieking demons and cannibalism. Those looking for a good horror game might be washed out a bit by historical context.+- Between battles, there is a map your little marker can traverse. To compare it to anything, it's like a ""choose your own adventure"" book, or the system jumping in FTL: Faster Than Light. Each scenario has their own spin on this. One scenario leaves you struck for cash and restricts your travel with crimelord taxes. The other segment makes your character progessively more insane and debuffed as he ""jumps"" to different locations. Others leave your travel much more free but have different systems like managing your small army of explorers or following a compass.While it's neat that each scenario has a new mechanic to work around, the fact that each scenario only lasts about 1-3 hours means once you've fairly effectively learned how to curtail setbacks, you're forced into a new scenario and have something entirely new to learn. It's interesting but removes the engagement of strategy learned over time.+- Scenarios involve lots of reading. Between the paragraphs of flavor text are little bits of vital information used for making decisions. While the writing is definitely well done, I am a man of horrid attention whose pet peave is having to read in video games. The game could have benefitted from a bit more voice acting.+- No manual saving. This would be a flat-out con if the scenarios were longer. As it stands, I think not being able to revert a save in a two hour engagement adds tough, but fair consequence to choices.+- Some levels offer a stealthy ""setup"" phase. It's a neat little risk-reward feature where giving your posse stealth-related bonuses, stripping them of tougher weapons for higher concealment, and staggering them throughout the battlefield can potentially make the objective a lot less painful. However, the sluggish pacing of mobilizing units and exploring the map in this phase, as well as the lack of fleshing out leaves it as neat, but hardly noteworthy.+- The music. What's there is not Call of Juarez or Red Dead Redemption impressive but it's more than serviceable. Some great rustic slide guitar tracks sit alongside organ and choir-driven demonic chantings. HOWEVER, these tracks are quite short and loop frequently. Couple that with the fact that there are only about five or six tracks in the game and you will be SICK TO DEATH of the music by the game's end. Definitely needed more themes, but those that are there are enjoyable.CONS:- The enemy variety; compared to something like XCOM, was a bit lacking. The only diversity in enemies comes from their differing stats and choice of firearms. The only thing special about demonic enemies is their truckload of HP and occassionally you might have to shoot one of their alters to pieces in order to make them vulnerable.- No ""Overwatch"" feature! (This is sacraficing an action point in the turn to set up your units to attack anything that moves in front of their view during the enemy's turn.) This is something I gravely miss from XCOM. Mockingly enough, all the enemies are in passive ""Overwatch"" if you approach them too closely.- Scenarios can be replayed for different choices but there's not much reason to play beyond that. You can spend a lot of time outfitting characters for a scenario that's over in about 1-3 hours. The only way to return to that posse is to restart the scenario with none of the gear. As detailed as character building is, you don't have long to use them.- Character avatars are simplistic and often misrepresent the character's appearance. Running out of text in this review here; put simply, character portraits and most awesome looking firearms are not mirrored on the 3D battlefield.- Some scenarios have random loss of party members. One scenario in particular had pushed me to the point of fury in which about three party members were shuffled in and out toward the end. It's extremely frustrating having spent a good fifteen minutes purchasing and organizing equipment and skills amongst gunslingers just to have two of them swapped out in the last second and have all their carefully chosen upgrades thrown back into the upgrade pool.In this respect, the narriative annoyingly interrupts the gameplay.- A couple different endings. They're both a tad underwhelming considering all that multiple parties have done to get there.- A couple crashes to desktop, as well as the character outfitter UI lagging inexplicably sometimes.OVERALL:A great strategy game. Some great ideas that do fights extrarordinarily well.Outside of fights, the writing details bizzare and unique locales justly. If you're looking for pure XCOM ""build your units and put them to the test"" gameplay, you might be dissappointed. Narriative takes the front seat, meaning your planning can be occassionally compromised and your progress often reset just so the story can be told.What I'd like to see:A prolonged campaign, perhaps similar to XCOM's ""Long War"" mode or even just its normal 20-30 hour campaign. Also; while the AI is usually smart, I'd like to see its tactics/units change a bit more. Perhaps even a more nuanced soundtrack?"
76561197989373138,Recommended,307670,32238891,Posted: 7 June,all,Cobalt_Blue,"For a long time I thought Xcom : Enemy Unknown had the best tactical combat mechanics in any game and I was constantly on the lookout for new and old games that had something similar to offer. That led to me to find Divinity : Original Sin and Wasteland 2, both of which I would recommend to any RPG fan. Both of those games and a few more (Shadowrun) used the tactical, isometric style of Xcom to great effect.And that is how I came upon Hard West.My initial exposure to it came from AngryJoe's youtube channel, and I was instantly opening up Steam to buy it. I really didn't look much into the story or anything, I saw Xcom in the wild west and dived in.Now, depening on your tastes, the 19th-century American west frontier is one of the richest wells of creative topics. It has been used in countless movies, quite a few books and some TV shows. In gaming also there has been a niche of titles set in the era of cowboys, but only a few really stick to memoey. And isometric, tactical games based in the wild west are few and far between (Desperados 1 & 2 being the most popular).So Wild West fills a niche that not too many companies have been able to meet. And it does it quite well.The three strongest aspects of this game are it's combat mechanics, voice acting and the world it creates in-game.The combat mechanics (which are the main focal point in the 40 odd missions) is quite tight and strategically pleasing, if a little simplified. Missing a 75% shot still raises your blood pressure and having a 25% shot land still makes you jump a little in your seat. Other than the basic gun shooting, there are also certain abilities and items characters can use (which the player picks up as they play). Though they add a nice diversity to the combat, I found myself relying on my six shooter (and the stupidity of the AI) to win most engagements.The voice acting is very enganing, especially the narrator. The gravity of the life of someone who has lost it all and wants it back is potrayed well. Even though most of the voice acting comprises of the narrator, I find it enough to keep me engaged in the more dull parts of the game and have a little more sympathy for the main characters. The comic book-style cutscenes also help in setting up scenarios while maintaining the old-school nature of the game.But all of this would be empty without the world the developers have created. From the dry, sandy colors, to the rich side-stories within the main storyline; the world feels both beautiful and bleak. Exploring each of the 8 scenarios feels rewarding even when met with a dead end. The writing is quite good and themes of love, revenge and madness are explored with an old-timey eloquence. The cultural nuances of both the colonialists and natives are respected and played upon. It feels rewarding to go explore and try out new things in the world.All these factors stand out and make the game really enjoyable even though it has it's fair share of faults.The three main problems in this game that would put me off were the graphical design and color, the interweaving storyline and the AI.AI has always been a factor is such games (even though Xcom's AI was nothing to be joking about), and in Hard West it does make it's fair share of stupid decisions. Staying in one place instead of ganging up, taking ridiculously bad shots constantly, and just walking out of cover. Some of these can be forgiven, but it does take away from the immersion.The storyline is convoluted. It's quite easy to follow for the first couple of scenarious, but after that it weaves into side-storylines concerning different characters and somehow culminates and merges in the end. In the game's defence I have not completely finished the story so it might become more digestable later (though from other reviews, I think otherwise).In terms of graphical design, the style is more comic-book (even in the main-game graphics). I understand that, but such a style does leave something lacking in terms of crispness of the characters and environments. Also the faded color scheme (though fitting with the desert theme) are not really the most pleasent on the eye and can cause headaches if stared at for more than 2 hours at a time. And I also faced quite a few laggy moments during more tense firefights consisting of multile opponents. Though this might be due to my own system configuration.Overall this is a really nice, engaging tactical combat experience set within a uniquely crafted world with wonderful voice acting and rewarding gameplay. It shares it's drawbacks with a lot of other games like it (crowd-funded isometric strategy games) but the positive aspects outshine the negative ones, for the most part.Would recommend. Now excuse me while I smoke my pipe and take a sip of this sarsaparilla."
76561198008183506,Not Recommended,307670,19199861,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Post Meridiem,"I do think this has excellent production values for the price range, and a lot of care & imagination went in to it so all credit to the devs.There's just 3 things keeping me from giving it the thumb's up & possibly from persisting with it:* As others have said; the lack of a save system is a bit of a downer, especially as the battles can be long (and more than a bit tedious in the case of the lengthy stealth ones) and you're basically making uninformed 'story' decisions on the world map.* It's a let-down to have no overwatch option (though all AI's do!), or defensive options of any kind - as others have said, a suicidal run-up-for-point-blank-shot by the AI basically trumps everything from a strategic point of view.* I read up quite thoroughly before buying, but saw no mention of the campaign system; basically the game is split up into chapters that you can replay endlessly, and NOTHING you do persists between runs (except unlocking 3 signature items on a universal vendor from each chapter).Personally I found this massively disappointing, as it really removed any sense of role-playing and gravitas from the 'story' decisions you make; there's zero weight to ANYTHING you do (aside from triggering those 3 unlocks), so long as you can make it through the mandatory battles.This also (for me at least) detracts from the 'poker hand' system of character upgrade cards; you only get so many in a run-through - mostly random - so you can't count on any kind of synergy, and by the time you might assemble a 'hand' anyway you'll likely only get to play it for one battle then the chapter is over & it's gone forever."
,Not Recommended,307670,29019481,Posted: 4 January,all,NightHawk8P,"If you're expecting a dark and gritty western setting based on XCom's combat system, this will deliver, but a few things put me off enough that I wouldn't actually recommend the game.First off, no Overwatch equivalent means a good number of your turns are going to be spent doing nothing, or moving and then doing nothing.  This is fine from a design perspective if you give me something else to do on my turn.  This alone I could deal with, and I beat the first campaign and started the second, but...Second, your characters, inventory, items, etc. do not persist through different campaigns.  This killed the game for me.  If I'm playing the same characters, and one campaign follows the next, why do I lose everything?Third, I'm not a big fan of having such a small party with such a small number of ways to customize them.  The card system is really cool, and the weapons are interesting, but there isn't enough information displayed on them for my liking.Fourth, if I'm not playing with Iron Man mode on, let me save and load whenever I'd like.  Don't let me save during a mission if you'd like, but every game with a single save slot that autosaves runs into problems as you'll likely see on the forums.  I get that you want choices to matter, but how about letting me make that decision? I thought when I was playing without Iron Man mode on that I could reload to earlier than the beginning of a mission but NOPE.  Again this alone wouldn't have been enough for me to stop playing and regret buying this but everything combined is too much.I do like the setting a lot, the writing and voice acting are fine to good, how you interact with the world outside of the missions is cool and was ultimately what kept me interested throughout the first campaign, but there isn't enough to keep me interested.I would love to see what they could do with a Hard West 2 though.  This concept has a lot of merit."
76561198195968330,Recommended,307670,19169461,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,simurgh,"Impressions on this game after a few hours playtime, for those who are interested.– No XCOM feel for me at all, unless all TB squad games are now XCOM clones, like it invented the genre. Reminds me more of Silent Storm or JA2.– Great narration, story driven campaign, with grim western feel and CYOA elements. No base building, but mining for cash/other ways to get items– Supernatural horror elements, doesn’t feel “magicky”– Cards offering special abilities are well done & cleverly integrated, doesn’t feel tacked on– Combat is pretty simple – a little too much for me – with use of cover the most important thing. Being out of cover is sure to get your people killed. Bullets are deadly.– Only noticed a couple minor glitches so far and runs smoothly on high on my non-gaming laptop- Not so sure about replayability, feeling it is somewhat limitedOverall enjoying this one, nice effort from the devs."
,Not Recommended,307670,28283287,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Insanitys Muse,"I liked this game at first. And honestly, the core is fun, the setting is good, the save system wouldn't be that bad - except for the decision of where to put some of those checkpoints.You thought unskippable cutscenes and dialogue in other games were annoying? How about replaying 5-10 minutes of a ""scenario"" where nothing you do, literally no decision you make in that time, has any impact on the rest of the level or the game, but you have to replay it if you fail the much harder and much longer second half of that level. This is super early in the game and enough to make me never want to bother launching it again.The game is not that difficult. The game at it's core is fine. But idiotic and arbitrary decisions like that are just insulting and I refuse to endorse it."
76561198002530703,Not Recommended,307670,24507395,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ghizguth,"'Hard West' is a tactical turn-based combat, squad oriented game, with loot to be collected and abilities to be gained from poker cards, all set in the old West.The setting and the atmosphere of the game are arguably its best-selling point. This feeling, that every action you take, even during the story, no matter how morally justifiable or good, is not gonna pan out in the end, reminded me a little bit of the Ravenloft universe. In the reality of the game mechanics, you can get items, money or weapons for your decisions, but in that fateful instant, confronted with your choices, despair holds your heart in its hands. ""No, it's not going to be alright"", the game seems to whisper in your ear, at all times.Emerging from the setting, you have the concept of ""luck"", the idea that enemies will hit when your luck has run out. Each shot you or the enemies avoid diminishes the respective luck-gauge, depending on how easy the target was to hit. Stand out in the open, and dodging a bullet will take a huge chuck of luck away, while standing behind high cover takes out far less. The easiest way to replenish luck is to get hit, which is really a double-edged sword. But getting hit isn't all bad, even though it may seem so at first: yes, you run the risk of dying, or getting stuck with a permanent debuff (""face mutilation"", ""gut wound"", etc.) but after a while, these debuffs turn into small bonuses, if you can survive a few fights with them. It is very similar to the traumatism mechanics in XCOM2. The luck based, original game mechanic however allows for some calculated risks and, at times, aggressive manoeuvring, making the combat rather enjoyable, for a while.… and for a while only. Sadly the game suffers from a general lack of polish and good ideas and intentions go to waste.While the combat is entertaining, its impact on the harshness and difficulty is somewhat lessened by the complete lack of introduction of certain characters joining your group. And these don't even stay between chapters. It is thus hard to get attached, or invested, especially when the story jumps all over the place and seems to be, at the same time, simplistic and yet hard to follow. But perhaps my interest had already waned by that point. Point is, apart from the main character of each chapter, we are not given much reason to care for the other party members, and even if there was one, the fact most of the characters don't stay diminishes any choice of an attachment happening.Another aspect the game struggles with, is optimization. The game could run better, and while it is by no means an ugly game, the resources demanded for a fluid experience seem high for the end result, especially during the planning phase / map interaction between missions and fights. Worse off though is the interface: the menus lags from time to time, animations freeze, stuff like that. Coupled with repeated environments, this does not make for an enjoyable experience altogether.After a couple of chapters, the player gets introduced to a few more mechanics on said, poorly conceived map: time of day & food. The interface for the later one clearly shows a lack of thought in terms of its implementation, requiring multiple dialogue choices just to feed everyone. And you can't really skip them easily out of fear of skipping meals entirely on a missclick. Of course, this shouldn't be a problem either but… Oh, what's that? You don't play in ironman mode and would like to reload? Well, too bad! You can't reload saves, you can't manually save; the game just reloads should you die in combat. What is the point of not playing on iron man mode if it behaves almost the same? Why can't I reload to explore the consequence of different choices without having to go through the whole chapter again? Sure, it adds replayability, but at this stage, I struggled with motivating myself to finish the game even once.The more I played, the more I realized that the starting idea and game mechanics are solid, but the end result still needed more work. A more focussed approach, centred on what works, ie. the combat and its gameplay, would have done wonders for 'Hard West'. I understand that the confined map exploration is a way of giving the players options and branching paths, but the dialogue with the strangers you meet don't add that much, can seem obtuse and unintuitive, and are just… skippable most of the time: you are not missing out on much, apart of a tiny amount flavour text for a fetch quest. What I first considered to be a gloomy and oppressive atmosphere didn't last long in light of a certain tedious repetition: check here, check there, check everywhere and follow the arrows.'Hard West' is not a bad game, but it is a rough one. Now that XCOM2 is out, -and even allows mods, which make fights much more clear in terms of abilities, line of sight and flanking mechanics-, it is all the more difficult to accept the shortcomings of this game, admittedly with a much smaller budget, but with lesser design choices at its core.  'Hard West' holds admirable ideas, and even clever ties between the gameplay and the narrative, but it is ultimately let down by poor execution. I'm rather disappointed by 'Hard West'; I expected to enjoy the game a lot more based on the setting, its story and its mechanics but it simply does not hold up. XCOM 1 & 2, Shadowrun, SteamWorld Heist, and others I suppose, make for more worthwhile alternatives."
76561198173990529,Recommended,307670,24289370,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,rookie31st,"After completing entire campaign, I have nothing bad to say about this game. Although some gameplay aspects seem to be rather ridiculous (like evading enemies by avoiding small cone-shaped area in front of them, or using certain objects to ricochet bullets in any direction at nearly any angle and even backwards), its storyline, environment, graphics and combat system are interesting and appealing. I really enjoyed this game. I found combat missions challenging but not really hard even when played on hard with ironman and injuries enabled. Each scenario can be replayed at least few times because player has to make choices multiple times and choices make some difference. I usually stay away from games with magic and other supernatural stuff, but this title seem to have just right amount of it. Lack of manual saves is subject of some criticism, but I find existing checkpoint saves fair and sufficient (game saves automatically whenever you exit to main menu, as well as at the beginning and after the combat mission). I hope this title is developed into many equally entertaining sequels."
,Recommended,307670,30829885,Posted: 30 March,all,Craftian,"“I like the way you die, boy.”Developed by the Polish studio CreativeForge Games,Hard Westis a brutal turn-based strategy game, in a similar vein to that ofSecret Ponchosand theXCOMreboots. With a fascinating Old West aesthetic steeped in supernatural horror, the only question you have to ask yourself now is: do I feel lucky?Well.. do you, punk?Drawing inspiration from the table top role-playing ofDeadlandsand the far reaches of the Weird West, you assume the role of a central character for each of the eight available scenarios; chapters that tie-in to the overarching narrative of the campaign. Linked by fate, greed and the ever-watchful eyes of the powers that be, the non-linear and interwoven plots involve the likes of the cruel Inquisitor, the vengeful man with nothing to lose, and many more.As various factions begin to converge from all sides however (and your trail of bloody vengeance and destruction along with them), only one thing is for sure: it’s about to get ugly.With a fantastic soundtrack composed by Marcin Przybyłowicz (ofWitcherseries fame),Westis practically oozing with style, backed up with an equally great art style and stark, gritty visuals. Gameplay on the other hand is split between map-based exploration across the various areas that are available, (filling in the player with written dialogue and rudimentary choices on occasion), as well as the combat encounters themselves, with a wide range of battlegrounds for carnage to ensue.You’re mostly free to play the way you want with both rewards and consequences be damned, but balancing each of the micro-management or metered features per scenario adds another element of difficulty (and potential stress) to surviving the world. Thankfully, the UI has been well implemented, generally avoiding any unnecessary clutter in-game, but text can be difficult to read at times, with whole blocks of it partially merging into previous lines.The drawcard ofHard Westcomes from its table top origins, allowing you and up to three amigos to each form a deck of powerful, ability-based cards. Known as Hucksters, characters with a powerful hand or set are allocated further bonuses to their base stats, complementing the generally significant increases that each card allocates, along with either a passive or activated ability.Whether clearing every enemy in the posse’s line of sight with a hail of bullets or tearing your foes asunder in Demon form, unleashing powerful and satisfying attacks onto unsuspecting enemies is as awesome as it sounds.Just when you’re settling in to make your enemies’ corpses into glorified chew toys and the West your own personal playground however,Hard Westreveals the glaring issues of the many features it seeks to imitate, needlessly adding in limitations to an overall design that had seemed to work so well.While XCOM is still the clear influence here, (Enemy Withinbeing an incredibly addictive favourite),Westis sorely lacking in core gameplay and the careful, strategic payoff that Firaxis did so well.It all feels rather impersonal, which is ironic, considering that the bulk of the game is narrated by Death himself.There is a fairly simplistic level of customisation to each of the characters, along with a range of weapons and unique, other-worldly items, but many of these often come too late to be truly appreciated or require specific objectives to unlock. This is especially problematic when considering thatHWis by no means a long game and that it doesn't really provide an incentive to come back either.The reliance on auto-saving with no option to manually save your progress can also be frustrating as the game will often inexplicably freeze, leaving you wondering whether you’ll have to restart after the impending crash.Unlike the straightforward and easily manageable cover system of XCOM,Hard Westrelies on a luck system, calculating the highest value between A and B for either a successful shot or depletion, meaning that regardless of whether the target is in half, full cover or right out in the open for the entire map to see, a hit or miss is quite literally down to pure luck and this cuts both ways.Why couldn’t gameplay simply have relied on percentage chance to hit? Why indeed. Combat suffers greatly as a result, drawing out huge, potentially epic gunfights into a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥contest that relies on the mercy of RNG.Adding to the fact that basic movement relies on goingaroundobstacles rather than, say, jumpingoverthem orthroughthe window, wasting time and precious AP breaks the flow of combat completely, not to mention the overall enjoyment of it.Even worse, the range of powerful and well-designed abilities on offer are triggered by a certain luck value, meaning that you’ll often need to counter-intuitively get shot to replenish it while also (obviously) avoiding enemy fire as much as possible, thus undermining the entire reason for combat to exist in the first place.Positioning doesn’t mean♥♥♥♥♥♥ and attempting to flank targets will not only fail to increase the likelihood of hitting your target but also the party member killed instantly, thanks to the reaction shot in which enemies instinctively fire if you get within close range, even when protected by cover. This is as devastating as it sounds, especially on higher difficulties with characters that are needed to progress.Granted, some of these features can be avoided or changed with the gameplay mods at the start of a campaign, but it begs the question as to why they weren’t included in the first place. Having to customise your game to avoid poor and often central design mechanics is, on principle, the same as enabling god mode or noclip; it’s cheap and underwhelming.Similar to the issues that many people raised withDarkest Dungeon, the developer's decision for the game to be defined by chance completely negates the sense of player input and the time players spend to gain skill and tactical knowledge. There’s no sense of accomplishment here, only style with meagre substance.Despite the many flaws ofHard West, I do still think that this is worth a recommendation, even if it’s as close as it gets. A good effort for a fairly humble Kickstarter project, crippled by completely random factors and ill-fated combat mechanics, it’s worth picking all the same, even just for a fistful of dollars."
,Recommended,307670,19539732,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Derch,"I'm a sucker for westerns, comic books, and turn based strategy games and this one nails all 3.  The look and feel of the west is great from the sound effects, music, narration, and art direction.  The cell shading, fantasy/horror plot, and story telling really nails the comic book vibe.Then you have the game play, I've played my share of games in this genre and this one does cover/terrain as good or better than any others before it.  You are pretty much a glass cannon no matter your build and if you stand in the open you loose.  Careful movement and placement are a huge part of the outcomes of the battles.  jOn the mechanics side, the luck system is a nice resource management system, the cards add a lot to combat and making hards for buffs is a nice bonus to make it more complex.  They could add the whole deck to make it better, once you get so far it does get repetetive.The downsides are there as well.  Inbetween fights is not the best, the stories were good but it got bland.  The chapters are short and you start over after each one loosing a sense of progress with your team.  After you finish a chapter you go back to the main menu taking you out of the game and ruining any imersion you have.Not a perfect game, it has flaws but a really great game and I hope we get a sequal because if they iron out some of the flaws it could be a really epic game."
,Recommended,307670,32456407,Posted: 15 June,all,TS Son,"This game caught my eye a few months back, but the negative reviews scared me off. recently went on sale for 5 bucks and figured I'd check it out. Really glad I did. I'm a long time Isometric player from Baldur's gate to X-com, to Pillars of Eternity and Tyranny, to Shadowrun. Of all the tactical isos I've played, this has been the least RNG based, or at least Iv'e felt it's been the least RNG based.A lot of the negative reviews talk about mechanics in the game and poorly represent them. This game isn't not like your typical turn based tactical isometric, It's not too far off from X-COM in the way the campaign is handled, but even there it's pretty different. here are the features that originalyl had me weary:Luck: Luck is not what it usualyl is. it's more of a shield that is also your resource pool. when a character attacks, they first have tog et through the attacked character's shield, or luck, and then they can hit their HP. This makes deciding whether to use an ability that consumes luck or not a critical decision. I read somewhere that luck affects hit chance, I can say with certanty it doesn't. Hit chance is affected by range, cover, your base aim, your gun's bonus or penalty, and the character being attacked's defense.Not saving: The way this was expresse din the reviews was super misleading. Let me explain.Instead of walking around and so forth, the game's campaign is broken into chapter, and each chapter is set up more like a game board. You move your peice to a location, and a scenario plays out. Sometimes the scenario is a mission (combat) sometimes it's decision time, sometimes it's a trader, sometimes it's a conversation leading to other locations. The game auto saves after each scenario. You can't save during combat, which I assume is to prevent save scumming.Enemies getting reaction shots when they see you: This mechanic can be turned off if it doesn't appeal to you. I personally turned it off.in fact, the game has a bunch of modifiers that can be turned on/off to fit the experience you want. I'd recommend checkign this out as many of the negatives I was weary about were addressed in the modifier section.All in all I'm on chapter three and very happy I picked this up, it's different from any other tactical Isometric I've played, the writing is realyl solid, and old west themes are very hard to come by in gaming in general. If you're curious about this game, I'd say check it out, you'll know very quickly if it's for you or not and can get a refund before you hit that 2 hour mark if it's not."
,Recommended,307670,26635467,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,alcoholer14,"Preordered this game.Played it.Refunded it because of bad optimization and auto-saving - 4/10After half a year decided to give it another chance and bought it againGame definitely became better - 7.5/10Still no manual saving, but it isn't a critical feature as i thought before.It's not a hardcore tactical turn-based combat game (it can be with iron man and hard difficulty). It's story-driven game. Different scenarios have small unique and interesting strategy mechanics."
76561197993394325,Recommended,307670,19175855,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Jedi Master Radek,"That thing is seriously awesome!  Here are my 6 hours in observations:-Difficulty is quite serious. For now, hard feels actually hard. Far harder than Dragonfall on very hard or Wasteland 2 on ranger in Arizona-AI seems decent. Enemies are good in flanking. Usually when enemies are leaving cover they do it to make more damages to the player, althrough sometimes they stay in the open carelessly. Also they don't know how to effectively fight against players using top building floors.-No hp sponges. 2-3 bullets and both enemies and players die-First mission after tutorial has a good encounter design. (defending a house)-There is a possibility to start the tutorial as a tutorial or as a normal mission. There is written a promise that it is short and to the point which is true. The best part: if player declines playing it as a tutorial then he must deal with a quite strong opponent on the start which is not attacking during tutorial:)-As most enemies and player can't stand more than 2 hits, positioning is vital. Fighting is deadly and fast. Enemy can quickly turn tables with a good shot.-Encounter design is fantastic. Had a rescue mission which looked as it was supposed to be done with minimal killing. Game respected my choice to kill everybody and after eliminating everyone on the map mission was successful without a need to complete an objective of opening the prison doors. Had an optional mission which starts the player surrounded and outgunned. It was thrilling and challenging. Maps are small, often reused, but different enemy placement makes encounters feel distinct.Big number of covers and hight places offers many approaches on how to tackle objectives.-Ricochet ability is fun.-Luck mechanic is really interesting. It works as a mana pool for abilities, but it protects from being hit. The more severe a hit chance is the more luck it takes to stop it. Luck is automatically used for that purposes. Being hit and losing hp replenish some of it.-There is some environment manipulation. Could open wells doors to improve its cover. Environment can be destroyed like windows.-Abilities are presented as cards which can be assigned to characters. Looks like 1 ability cannot be used by 2 different characters. You can take 5 of them on missions. Depending on which one you have chosen, you can get a passive buff on top of their standard uses. I suppose those bonuses are poker inspired.-Rotating camera is horrible. Don't understand why they can't bind it to the mouse. It's worse than Wasteland 2 camera. Also when the enemy from different hight attack, camera should change the height, now it is always on the same level when it was left during player turn.-Height seems to influence aim and range.-Enemies can do overwatch. It looks player cannot use it. I had many times when I was begging for overwatch.-The biggest surprise: CYOA. This part is good enough it would be acceptable if it was a game in itself. There are many C&C moments which actually include consequences! Game autosaves, so I didn't retry anything but results were enough specific it seems highly unlikely both options led to the same outcome. In scenario I played the main goal was collecting gold, which was quite complex with many tools, ways to do it and hidden mines. Got even an optional mission.-Writing and story are really good. Love the character of the devil who is a mysterious, well dressed gentleman who appears and disappears on the whim tempting people.-Game has a nice aesthetic and art direction.-Looks like there are secondary objectives/consequences to missions (having to pay gold if hired merc dies)-Always had luck with bugs but so far haven't encountered any. Enemies think a little too much before turn. Game runs smooth, but I have a good pc.-There is an ironmode and a mode in which being low on hp gives debuffs, but there is more xp.(or skill points, whatever is used)Had a good feeling when buying it, but (as for now) it surpassed expectations. I recommend this. We may have got a sleeper hit."
,Not Recommended,307670,23759654,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,FatArabKid,Do not buy this game.The lack of a save option is a 100% Game Killer for me. And I never use that term lightly.I played the game for a little over an hour and all was going great. Until I made one wrong move and decided to begin a battle in a town that was completely overrun by bandits. It was like 2 of my peoples against a dozen of them. Completely unwinnable. No big deal. Go back to the last save and wait till I level up and crew up and go back and kick those bozos in the teeth. Right?Wrong.I can't.There is no way to load a previous save. I have to fight and die in that town and start over.Not too bad for an hour and a half. But imagine having to do that once you've put 10 hours in the game. Or 20.And THEN...I come here and read what other players had to say about the lack of save system. And I am absolutely FLOORED by the response of the devs of this game.But whatever.Free country.Conduct your business how you wish.But I will be requesting my $ back right after I post this.
,Not Recommended,307670,20666151,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Stormfury,"Bought this game as it was touted as a cross between Xcom and the wild west.  The game itself isn't bad, but it's basically a bunch of individual episodes.  So there is no long term campaign or building up your characters as you progress through the story.  It's a series of about 7 stories where each one has different characters with differing abilities.Combat is interesting and different, but for my $ this wasn't exactly what I was looking for.  That said it's worth a go once it's on sale."
76561198084607173,Not Recommended,307670,23812565,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SquigglyJ,"I cannot recommend this game.It's a shame because I really like the gameplay. I finished about 2 scenarios and when I came back the next day nothing was unlocked and all of my progress has seemingly been lost. (including a complete first scenario). I'm not just whineing about the save system here, things I've already unlocked have disappeared. The devs have apparently been aware of this issue for six months. Their amazing fix is to use de-bug in game to unlock all of the missions, rather then fix the gamebreaking bugs. Using debug feels like it's against the spirit of the game but I guess if I HAVE to use it to actually play the game I will. It pisses me off that there are bugs this bad yet rather then being fixed dlc is released, pathetic. If this is actually fixed I'll change my review to positive because once again, I loved everything about the gameplay."
,Recommended,307670,19228139,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Shake Appeal,"Whoa, this rips. It's like XCOM but simpler, faster, more stylish. Kinda like popcorn XCOM. Love it to bits. Both the strategic and tactical layers are kinda shallow, and you will still wish there was an overwatch button a dozen hours in, but still you keep clicking on cowboys and cultists until they die.The things that are bad about Hard West are still more interesting to play with than any AAA game this year, so if you like turn-based tactics, it's a solid buy.Kinda want a more fleshed-out and less linear sequel. Also: multiplayer. This would be a really fine multiplayer game."
,Recommended,307670,24444208,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,CitizenX3639,"Thanks to the Developers at CreativeForge games and the Publishing group of Gambitious Digital Entertainment for providing a game that provided hours of entertainment and escape.Hard West is a strategic turn based game set in the wild west with minor RPG and choose your own adventure elements. The one surprising addition is it's all told with a fantastic dark written narrative(some voiced) that I could swear was written by Stephen King himself. Impressive in every way I found myself addicted, not since Xcom EU,  to the world of Hard West.The story of Hard West is told through 8 separate chapters that branches into 3 different, though all connected, stories. These chapters consist of a choose your own adventure plot and 5-6 combat scenarios. The main story follows Warren who sells his soul to the devil for revenge. Another story centers around a meteor that is driving everyone mad and the last is an origin story for one of the main antagonist. Defiantly not your typical western but these stories are dark and all include terrific memorable characters, writing and haunting situations. The story is voice narrated by the Devil  and is excellent while all characters in the game are given a grim painted portrait.  I wish there was more voice or even more of the text was read but the writing is really good. Sometimes near the end of chapters it can kind of get confusing on what just happened, but if you like dark tales trust me you will not be disappointed.If you are a veteran to turn based combat then you will be able to jump right into Hard West with no problem. Full cover, half cover, percentage of shots, special abilities are all here. This has mixed results, though fully competent, percentages did not seem to differ that much especially when elevation should have been a factor and low % shots seem to hit more than they should. I am guessing this is probably done to counter your character having very limited health through out the campaign. You see in Hard West as you begin each chapter everything resets with little inventory and limited supplies. I loved this as it made each chapter feel like its own game.One of my favorite aspects of Hard west are the weapons which are true to the era such as rifle, shotgun, six shooter, etc but also include actual prototypes that are just plain medieval. A shotgun with 9 barrels and the ductwork pistol that has 4 barrels are just a few of the unique weapons you will be able to equip. As I said with percentages range of weapons does not feel fully balanced either. Even if you have increase in sight and buff factors using a shotgun and getting a decent % from clear across the map just doesn't seem fair.The main missions in Hard West can range from rescuing companions from jail, robbing a bank, bounty hunting, and of course just trying to survive. Every mission is different and the settings and maps fit perfectly for the world(also looks outstanding). A lot of the missions are optional as are locations but the rewards which include playing cards, weapons, resources and possible companions are worth exploring. Each map also includes these mini adventures which again are optional but what it does is breaks from constant combat. They could involve drilling for oil, hunting, solving a riddle, etc. You will be rewarded with much needed cash, resources and more story.One of Hard West twist on building your character is with playing cards which are earned by completing missions or simply doing a deed. Each companion(4 max) can carry a max of 5 cards(XP unlocks slots) and these can give you more defense, movement and abilities such as the magic bullet which is a sure shot or unholy powers that turns you into a demon for a few turns that increases your health and other stats. As each characters stats(defense, aim, etc) are stagnate balancing the cards became a little game of give and take and also creating hands such as full house, straight, etc gives your character an additional buff. Its a unique idea that fits perfectly in this setting and theme.As I stated earlier you are not given much health in Hard West and that creates tension and making sure you make the right move at the right time. One factor that helps you from dying quickly is the added luck feature. This is a meter(like health) that drains each turn you are targeted. It keeps you pretty much invincible, somewhat, until it drains and if you are shot or use a potion it will restore some of the meter. Luck is also required for any of the special abilities so balancing inventory space(2 max) is sometimes crucial.After I completed my first playthrough for Hard West I immediately replayed the game on ironman mode. I have not done that since X-Com EU. And after completing ironman I jumped into and completed the DLC which I rarely, if ever, play DLC. Hopefully this is just the beginning because as Kierstein Dunst proclaimed in Interview with a Vampire, I want more.PositivesOne more mission addicting. 25+ hrs of gameplayThe graphics, character portraits, voice, music and guns all fit the world perfectlyStrong, dark Stephen King-esq like narrativeUnique setting, mood and abilitiesEach chapter brought own set of rewards, challenges, choices and resource mgmt.Lots of pre game options for difficultyAI is pretty goodEasy navigation with either controller, or K/B and mouseNegativesPoor tutorial. Didn't understand 'Heat' until the end of my 2nd playthroughElevation(+ or -) does not seem to be taken into considerationNo unique specialties for any one characterNo option to speed up the AI turnCombat music becomes repetitiveDidn't find it overly difficult on either hard or ironmanThe UI drastically needs options to remove mission objectives/ scalingMore voice acting would have been welcome"
76561197961194793,Not Recommended,307670,19833858,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,AT1st,"First, this game is not essentially bad and I think the ~70 metascore does it justice. For its price I even would recommend it but I somehow felt cheated (by other reviews) and wanted to warn other users about the shortcomings of the game.I love TBS games and what I read about Hard West and saw on the screenshots convinced me to buy it. Somewhere I read that this game can be compared to Jagged Alliance (2) or Silent Storm but this is just wrong. Hard west is nowhere close to the brilliance of those 2 games (or the old X-Com parts). It is rather a dumbed down version of the new X-Com with some fresh ideas and an unused setting but it just doesn’t catch me (and probably most players) in a way the famous games I already mentioned did.The unique features of that game are the luck and the perk (poker cards) system.Luck is a really clever idea (at first) to counter the RNG frustration that most games of that sort have. It also is kind of necessary because you can’t save/reload during combat and when an important character dies it is game over so the luck system basically eliminates most randomness of the game. And after a while, you realize that in fact this is missing. There are nearly no moments of joy because you scored a lucky hit and there are still moments of frustration, but because of other shortcomings I will mention later.Luck works this way: Most characters start with 100 luck. When you shoot at someone with e.g. 40% hit chance you don’t hit him (usually… I’m not sure about the exact rules, it is possible to hit someone with ~60% chance at least) but instead subtract 40 (the hit chance) of his luck. So when the next character has a 60% chance to hit, he effectively has 100% now because the enemy only has 60 luck left. Depending on the weapon (they have different effective ranges) and the character (aim value) you can also have 100% hit chance right from the start. For your characters it usually means that they are positioned in a way that the enemies have a 20-30% hit chance so every 3rd or 4th bullet hits them.The other big combat factor is cover. You are either in no, half or full cover. When behind full cover most of the weapons will only deal 1 hitpoint of damage (which is really few, because most characters have around 10 hit points and you can get items or perks that heal). Half cover also sometimes reduces damage to 1 but certain weapons will penetrate half cover with higher damage and without cover you can take up to 8 points of damage.Combat would be really getting slow if everybody just hides behind cover but luckily you can catch enemies in the open by flanking them and there are several special perks that grant ways of attacking that are kind of overpowered.The perks are available via poker cards (9, 10, Jack, Queen, King, Ace, Joker) and some have a great influence on your playstyle. You will also get bonuses when you select cards on one character that lead to a certain poker hand (like +40 luck with a set). I will spoil one example for perks and how that can influence the game:In the second campaign you are playing an “undead” character. He has a perk of equalization which will give all characters in combat just 1 hitpoint meaning instant death on hit. He also has regeneration in the shadows and shriek (which damages all visible enemies). So a valid tactic is to use equalization at the start of combat. Evade enemies for some rounds to regenerate hitpoints or use either a healing or luck restoring item (those active perks need luck as resource to use them). Then just run into the middle of the enemies and use shriek to kill them all. There is also one perk called transfusion which switches your hitpoints with the enemy, very handy (and risky) in a boss fight.So the perk system is a nice idea because they give some cool options to your playstyle but there is one major issue and the reason for me why this game is far from ingenious: The perks and characters are totally replaceable! So welcome to the bad sides of the game:You play 8 campaigns, each around 2 hours play time (I played through 3 of them at the time of this review) and they always start from scratch meaning you will lose everything you got from the previous campaign. If this wasn’t enough the “story” will let team members just leave whenever they want, often substituted with a new (or old) one. But in fact, this doesn’t matter at all because your team just defines itself by its weapons and perks so there is no other progress than unlocking poker cards or scavenging/buying weapons or gear (there are also 3 gear slots, 2 useable items and one passive trinket). The characters have basic stats but I think they are all (roughly) the same and they don’t increase with level ups or something like that, only by items. At the end this just means you don’t care about the characters you play at all.The other major flaw is the overall presentation of the game. The combat areas are nice but the rest of the game is presented on an overview map and one popup message after the next. The complexity reminds me of a mobile game but nothing close to X-Com or Jagged Alliance…So the usual flow is: Win a battle, unlock some new cards and weapons, click away some messages on the map, move to next location, click through some messages, make some (unimportant) decisions, unlock new location, click on it, attack now or later (I don’t know why later is an option anyway), next battle, rinse and repeat. It is really uninspired most of the time…So the focus of the game is combat, but not only is it getting repetitive and the luck feature makes it very calculable and somewhat boring, it also has other issues. The main problem is how line of sight in regards of cover is calculated. You sometimes flank the enemy and have full vision on him but the game still sees him under full cover. This is happening because it only seems to check the coordinates meaning as long as you are not on the same “height” as the enemy the wall he is behind is still seen as between you and him. Not sure if my explanation is intelligible… Once you know that problem you can avoid it by turning the camera and be sure to move into a position that removes the cover. It is still a big annoyance and just feels wrong and it happens quite often that you use an action point to move into place and once you are there, you have to move back because you realize the values (cover and hit chance) are not what you expected them to be.The cover system itself has a visual problem in my eyes, because you are standing behind a solid wall, in order to shoot you just take a glance around the wall when it is your turn and hide back behind the wall after you shot, but still the enemy will hit you (through the wall) the next turn.Also the overwatch feature is a little strange. Each character has a small circle around him and when you enter it in your round he will open fire (which is quite deadly). I don't know if you need to have action points left in order to do that (none of my chars ever fired during an enemy turn) and if the enemy even turns around to fire (the circle suggests that). After I nearly got killed because I entered that circle (and deaths mean to start over) I rather avoided them instead of finding out how exactly they work.Short version: The game has a fresh setting and uses some nice new ideas but it lacks content and stays in mediocrity therefor.It either would need one big campaign with real progress and character development or the combat needs to be more refined and varied e.g. destructible environment, or both, to be on par with the big titles of that genre!It is still ok for its price and one positive fact I forgot to mention: I never played a (big) game with such short loading times! :)"
76561198016479032,Recommended,307670,29046874,Posted: 5 January,all,Moondrake,"Hard West is divided into several scenarios. Each scenario tells a story, often without much obvious connection to any of the other scenarios aside from the satanic theme, and consists of performing actions on an overland map as well as performing missions that involve tactical battle. The experience is largely enjoyable, but the game does have some flaws.One of my pet peeves occurs during the 'setup' phase of a mission. I really like the fact that you are free to do so much prior to beginning combat, but because your characters are given such a short walk distance during that phase, it can take FOREVER to complete your objectives. This is an abitrary and artificial limitation that adds nothing to gameplay and simply wastes my time.There's a flaw that is fairly controversial and will undoubtedly annoy some players more than others. What's more, there doesn't seem to be any technical or gameplay justification for it and the ramifications are sometimes really difficult to swallow. You can't have more than one save point during a scenario and you can't save during a mission. If you'd like to do something a little different prior to your current point in a scenario, your only choice is to start over from the beginning. This feels like another waste of my time and there have been a few occasions when I've quit playing for a week or longer simply because I didn't feel like doing everything over again. Once I got back into the game I always enjoyed redoing what I'd done before, but I can't even think of another game that has caused me to set it aside for a week simply due to a lack of save options.Without a doubt the worst experience comes when you've spent a long time on a mission that has proceeded very successfully when suddenly, out of the blue, a story critical character gets killed. That instantaneous transition from complete success to utter failure is really painful, and the lack of save options means your only choice is restarting the mission from the beginning. If I made a mistake that led to the disaster, I suck it up, but often these failures occur due to something that couldn't have been anticipated or avoided without meta-knowledge. When that happens, it's damned infuriating.The only other flaw I can think of is somewhat niggling. The music, while done well, gets quite repetitous because there simply isn't enough of it.You may think, given the faults I've mentioned, that I don't like Hard West. Nothing could be further from the truth. The graphics are pleasing, the tactical combat is a lot of fun, character customization is intriguing, and the weapons are a kick. There are also some really interesting gameplay customization options available when you start a scenario that can dramatically change the way the game works.Speaking of combat, the game seems to get a lot of criticism for its lack of an 'overwatch' mechanic for your characters. While it's true that enemies can automatically fire at you but your characters can't do the same to them, it is pretty easy to avoid. The enemies don't have overwatch so much as a circle of personal space around them. If you invade their personal space, they'll shoot at you... so don't. While this might at first seem unfair, on the flipside, they can't cripple you with every hit or damage everyone in sight with a scream or become invisible when out of sunlight (to name just a few of the possible character abilities). If you REALLY hate it, you can simply turn it off.Character customization is accomplished via cards and this activity is particularly enjoyable. Each card awards an ability to the character who possesses it while also affecting a stat. What's more, you can construct poker hands with the cards, which can also affect a character's stats based on the hand. The card abilities are nearly all fun to use and I never tire of adjusting abilities, stats, and poker hands on characters.There are some REALLY strange weapons in the game and it is interesting that all the weapons actually existed. I can't help but laugh at the notion that some 'rocket scientist' thought a nine barreled, sawed-off shotgun that fired all nine barrels at once was a good idea. Having experienced the kick of a shotgun it's hard to imagine how anyone could have survived firing such a monstrosity. Some of the weapons provide unique abilities, such as fan-firing or giving two shots per turn. They can affect stats too, such as increasing or decreasing aim.Cover doesn't work like you'd expect it to. It doesn't provide protecton from getting hit so much as it decreases the amount of damage done when hit. Whether or not somebody will get hit is most affected by their luck, which decreases each time a shot at them misses. It's most peculiar that even very low percentage shots will usually hit if somebody's luck has been drained, which makes the percentage to hit feel superfluous. These mechanics feel odd when compared to XCOM (which is inevitable given the similarities in gameplay) but they work and seem balanced.While the satanic themes of the stories are somewhat depressing and don't quite strike a chord with me, they aren't bad and they provide justification for all the demonic skills and abilities available to your characters. I was originally put off when I discovered that the scenarios didn't provide a contiguous story, but I've adjusted my expectations and now I look forward to discovering what story each scenario will bring.All in all, I can't help but recommend the game. It looks great and has good gameplay and interesting mechanics. While it's not as good as XCOM, it is also a fraction of the price, so adjust your expectations and I think you'll have fun."
,Recommended,307670,24336590,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Laotzume,"This game was alright. Worth the $10 I paid for it at least.It has a decent story. Combat is pretty simplistic. It's a much scaled down XCOM or Shadowrun.It would've been much better if everything you did in one scenario carried over to the others. (Weapons, gold etc). But they are all too contained. That is my main complaint.All in all, decent game 7/10."
76561198005158077,Recommended,307670,27530841,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KerbostanKommand,Solid turn based action that goes from a solid wild west story to several cool weird west scenarios. The story comes out across several individual campaigns that all tie subtly in together to create a great drama where choices made matter in those bursts of combat later
76561198020479238,Recommended,307670,19149623,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Plebeian Bob,"This game in one sentence:An Xcom style turn based strategy game, set in a supernatural western world, with a heavy focus on narative.Watch me play the game and talk about it like I know what I'm doing.Pros:_Cool, interesting setting._Competent combat._Unique gameplay mechanics. (more details below)_Good voicework and script.Cons:_Graphics ain't gonna blow you away._Could use a better tutorial._UI isn't the cleanest.Is it worth the $20 price tag:You bet your♥♥♥♥♥ Billy. It's fun and unique, and stands on its own strength. I mean, I put down Fallout 4 to play this. Enough said.Now for more details...The gameplay hook:A turn based shootout sim focused on cover and positioning. You take cover and carefully plan your next move, while taking every pot shot at the enemies you can. Combat is very familiar here: You move, try to flank your enemies, shoot, move, reload, use abilities, etc. It's super competent, and fun. Not to say there's nothing new here, but we'll cover that more below. Hard West trades in XCom's base building and research for a choose-your-own-adventure naration between combat missions. It feels more like an RPG with meaningful choices and an emphasis on story-telling. There's also a skill system that feels a lot like the perk system in older Fallout games and give your characters a lot of uniqueness.On the topic of interesting game mechanics:Characters have luck, a visual representation of their survivability. A shot that might look like a hit could miss if your character's luck is high enough. As good thing happens, though, their luck will start to drain, putting a more literal meaning on the phrase ""out of luck."" It's really cool, fits with the Western setting and is an interesting mechanic. The game's unique supernatural edge also makes gameplay more interesting. For example, one of the skills you could pick up gives you the ability to canibalize corpses to regain health. It also gives you some oportunity to fight demons and cultists alongside your standard bandits and cowboys.Thanks for reading!If you liked the review, consider hitting the thumbs up so more people can see it, andjoin my Steam groupin order to be notified everytime I review something, as well as meeting and interacting with new people.Subscribe to my Youtube channel, where I cover new, obscure games in video format. It really does help me out a lot morale-wise to have people watching content I put together.On that note,follow me on Twitter, too!"
76561198004510510,Recommended,307670,20054916,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,lawlerx,"So, after playing the first scenario, a few things to note:-The comments about the story feeling a little disjointed are somewhat accurate.  After each scenario, the game sends you back to the main menu as though you'd just finnished a chapter in a book, but the next chapter wasn't out yet.-The combat is straight out of XCom/Jagged Alliance.  That's not a critisism as much as it is an observation.  If you don't like those types of games, you won't like this one.-Even though it seems like there are different approaches to reach the objective for a map, so far they just boil down to ""kill any and everything that moves"".  That may change further along in the story, but the only ""stealth"" mission I did still ended up forcing me to gun down all the bad guys to escape.-Characters come and go pretty much on a whim.  Fortunately you don't lose any equipment as the character dumps their gear in your inventory pool when they bail, but anticipating an upcoming battle only to end up having to go in a gun down with nothing to say about it is kinda rough.-Difficulty options and ironman modes add replayability.Overall, the game seems solid and decently put together.  Yeah, one gun looks like the next but ultimately, if you see a guy with a rifle, he's got a rifle.  If that rifle has a scope, it's a sniper rifle.  Pepperboxes have their own look as do revolvers and shotguns.  It would be nice if everything had its' own unique image, but there aren't any surprises.All said and done, Hard West is a very functional tactical strategy game set squarely in an old west setting with a supernatural spin.  First impressions give it a solid 7/10."
76561198020018180,Not Recommended,307670,30849272,Posted: 31 March,all,Smoofy Smoof,"A fun experience marred by terrible and repetitive combat. The tutorial was simple enough. I thought it was interesting that you could manipulate objects to make better cover, something I haven’t seen in this type of game before. Also, I was pleasantly surprised by the world map and the constantly evolving story recording a stream of my bad decisions. Even when my main character couldn’t “take it” and left my party I thought that was pretty interesting and even writing this review is still making me smile.What I can’t look passed is the broken combat system which makes up a majority of the game. The AI is either a poor shot or a trained marksman. Some enemies will miss you within in arms lengths and others will pick you off in one hit from the other side of the map. On top of that there is no overwatch system for countering attacks… well, more accurately; there is no overwatch system for the player. This turns an otherwise strategic game of skill into a shootout of pure luck, with the majority luck on the NPC’s side.Now this would normally be fine and a good learning curve, except there is no save system. Instead you restart the battle and hope luck is on your side. Not having a save system anymore is unacceptable in games. When I was 15 and my mother was still making me peanut butter and jelly sandwiches I just didn’t care. I could spend hours playing bad games and it wouldn’t bother me. Now, that I’m an adult I don’t like to waste time without progress, especially when wasted time is the fault of a poorly designed combat system. For these reasons, I can’t recommend this game, but what I will say is the world map part of it is an absolute blast and if all I had was that and no combat, I would have rated Hard West a thumbs up."
,Recommended,307670,19814776,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Nurg,"Note to other reviewers: The game HAS an alternative overwatch system, ""reaction fire"". Your units never use it because the enemy AI never moves into the zone which triggers it, because that would be dumb. You CAN run up to an enemy for point blank blasting by starting your move out of their line of sight. If they don't see you coming they can't use reaction fire (And the red circle won't appear). A full overwatch as in XCOM would break the other mechanics of THIS game. This is not XCOM. (XCOM2 February, YAY!)++ Tightly designed turn based combat, fixed damage, high mobility. Very satisfying when you get under its skin. Favourite tactic: Charging into point blank range with a group of enemies and using the Barrage or Chain-Kill skills to shoot them all down at once. Do it right and you have 100% chance of success thanks to the ""point blank"" aim bonus. I've seen several reviews that say you can't do this.++ Deterministic chance-to-hit. 75% chance to hit doesn't mean random, it means it will cost 75 luck to dodge the shot - or the target takes fixed damage and gains luck points. It's really elegant and drives lots of new tactics. The only randomness is that you don't know how much luck the enemy has. - Note: This is how I understand it, please someone correct me if I'm wrong.++ Linux support. I haven't used it much because the Linux version doesn't work with my Steam controller but massive thumbs up for Linux support!++ Western setting, fantastic. Love the art style.++ Budget price.-- No saving in missions - major oversight. It needs to auto save every turn and save on quit. I always play Ironman so doubly important.-- Not so keen on the magical, weird, demonic, satanic elements. Just a personal preference but more pure western stuff please.-- Game is too easy on Medium Ironman. I'm about to start my Hard Ironman run so I may have to retract this line.-- Small, squinty fonts are hard work on even a really big tv+couch.Conclusion: Love the game, everyone should buy it and support it, and try harder to understand the actual mechanics instead of moaning without understanding. It doesn't have the depth or longevity of an XCOM but it's not priced like an XCOM either."
76561198113231765,Recommended,307670,19214873,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Leland Gaunt,"Fantastic game that feels like an amalgamation of XCOM, Sunless Sea, Desperados & Quentin-Tarantio-movies.The story is presented through single scenarios that must be unlocked, but not necessarily be played in chronological order. Each scenario is closed in itself and presents a part of the main storyline, the prologue or side-stories. All of them will ultimately run together for the final scenario.The game focusses strongly on the narrative side, most of the events are presented through text. You will be able to roam a portion of the Weird West and interact with landmarks, towns, etc. through which you can buy/sell equipment and also delve deeper into the Weird West.Combat is well-thought out, the system of cover and the weapons-damage dependent on it requires you to move a lot and try to flank the enemies. Sadly, they will do the same and are quite smart at catching you off-guard, which is more often than not the end because characters (enemy or PC) can survive about 2-3 shots at the very most.Thankfully, you can customize your characters fixed stats by equipping trinkets or poker cards, which will also unlock abilities. Should you get and actual poker hand, you'll get extra bonusses.The characters are intriguing and the storylines hold many suprises and are generally well written and interesting. It's amazing how they eventually string together for the finale.I definitely recommend this game, go get it while it's on sale!Oh yeah, you have only one autosave, so whatever you do, you did it ^^ Ain't no turning back when you hustle with the devil"
,Recommended,307670,19382275,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Sam Newberry,"Pros:+ Great Weird West setting with shamans, demons, cannibal farmers, ancient curses, grave-digging etc.+ A little touch of steampunk: mad scientisis, strange devices and array of ""high-tech"" firearms.+ Involving, grim and moody multi-layered plot telling about revenge, damnation and love.+ Choose-your-adventure gameplay: you travel from point to point encountering various (text-based) situations, making choices and dealing with consequences.+ XCOM-style tactical combat, simple but thrilling.+ Original and flexible system allowing you to build the dream-team of gunslingers by collecting cards and making poker combinations (each card and combination give some buff to stats and/or grant special ability).+ Two endings.+ Steam trading cards for those who need it.Cons:- Lack of close combat and melee weapons - you can only shoot guns and throw grenades, no knives, no tomahawks and such.- Very short and sometimes too straightforward combat encounters.- Visuals are sometimes lacking - for example, you can see your fancy steampunk repeaters only on the inventory icons, character models are drawed with generic six-shooters ang rifles in hands.- Music is good but very repetitive."
,Recommended,307670,33968719,Posted: 2 August,all,wozmir,"Hard West is a hard game, but with the addition of quick save, it got better; simply put, some missions are LONG. Or divided into two parts, adding quicksaves made loses more palatable. But let's get back to the review:Pros:- weird west setting (I think it's the only video game in this setting really)- solid mechanics (ricochet anyone?)- satisfying new ideas (poker cards, daemonic powers)- wacky story (sometimes you're the baddie)- working AI (not squad-based tactics, but anyway)- A good few (7 I think?) completely different campaigns- Good music and sound (music from Przybylowicz, Witcher 3's composer)Cons:- simplified campaign map gameplay- not that many missions really- predictable AI- quite steep learning curve- missions can sometimes be a slog, flanking isn't rewarded/punished enoughSummary:If you're a fan of Weird West or Westerns, it's 5/5.If you're a fan of TBS and X-COM, it's 4/5.If you're  neither of the above, a solid 3/5."
76561198067268268,Recommended,307670,31087548,Posted: 11 April,all,irrelevant_elephant,"Minor SpoilersPROS+ Dark/Gritty Western SettingThe Weird West is a harsh and unforgiving place filled with much brutality. Get a mob to tear a man apart. Inject a lethal dose into a morphine addict. French kiss a physically repulsive man without vomiting. Grab an item which is at the bottom of an acid filled barrel. These are some of the situations you may find yourself in. Many characters you meet are either angry, hostile, sick or mentally disturbed, fortifying the abrasive atmosphere of Hard West. In addition to this game are satanic cultists, rituals, demons, nightmarish landscapes and the devil himself.+ Graphics/VisualsThe graphics are an eye-popping cell-shading similar to Call of Juarez Gunslinger. The guns in Hard West look utterly devastating, one being a pistol with 48 shots in total. Imagine a cylinder with six bullets, multiplied by eight, and all revolving around a drum. That is what you can expect in terms of firepower. The UI elements and menus have great color and sharp contrast which complement the game's art style.+ Card AbilitiesDuring a campaign, you collect cards which grant combat abilities to members of your choice. One example is Ricochet which allows you to shoot an enemy without a direct line of fire. By selecting nearby objects in a sequence, you create a ricochet path for your bullet to travel along. Equalization reduces everyone's HP to one, an effective yet risky way of dealing with enemies. Then there is ""Shadow Salve"" which will heal one HP per turn, so as long as you are in a shaded area. These are a few examples of the various cards you can get.+ DialogueWhen not fighting you are traveling an overworld map visiting different locations. Exploration triggers CYOA events which provide possible responses and actions. While some choices reward resources and information, others will punish with infliction or lost opportunities. Some text options unlock, like skill checks, by meeting specific item requirements.CONS- No ProgressionHard West contains a series of scenarios which do not carry over your progress. As a result, you will have to regather posse members, cards, guns, and other items. An exception to this fact are the unlocked weapons which are purchasable at a universal shop. That said, you will have to acquire these weapons after each scenario. Resetting progress is okay for the side storylines since they involve different characters. However, said progression should have been persistent for the primary campaign.- Combat Inconsistently Fun and ShallowI find the fun factor of fights relies heavily on having a full posse and a variety of cards for abilities. When beginning a new scenario, you start with only two members and no skills. Initially, battles will be boring, and only after acquiring allies and cards will they get fun. The resetting of progress compounds this flaw resulting in intermittent boredom. Combat was also lacking enemy variation.  Flying demons, horseback cowboys, shaman, and possessed wild animals, would add much-needed variety. Melee options like brass knuckles, knives, clubs, and so on, were sadly non-existent. Finally, I missed overwatch; yes, I did know it was absent coming into this game, but I was trying to keep an open mind. In fairness though, the omission of overwatch was not that bad compared to the other flaws.- Missed Combat OpportunitiesThere are times during dialogue when you anticipate a fight coming, but instead, get a description of the conflict; this felt lazy to me. Hard West would have benefited from inserting combat into these situations.- Not Enough MusicThe music is good, but limited soundtracks result in a repetitious auditory experience. Even just a few more songs would have made a difference.- Performance IssuesThere were some minor, yet annoying performance hiccups during my time playing. Hovering my cursor over interactable objects in battle would inexplicably drop the framerate. I also had an issue where using menus would gradually become slow and unresponsive. For example, when opening the card screen, there was often a pause of several seconds. When bartering, clicking 'Trade' sometimes yielded no transaction despite audio feedback.- Lack Of CommunicationAt the start of the game, there is an optional tutorial. If you, however, need to refresh your memory, then you will have to restart the entire campaign. It would be more convenient if there were a tutorial log in the Esc menu. Nowhere in the game is 'Heat' explained meaning you will have to look it up; it makes you wonder how they overlooked that.ConclusionHard West's flaws hold it back, most notably the absence of any real progress and lackluster combat. That said, the foundation of this game is solid, and a sequel could have potential. The unique western setting and art style help to maintain an acceptable experience. If the setting appeals to you, can accept the shortcomings, and buy on sale, then this title will be worth your investment. Ultimately, I give Hard West a PAR of 2.IMPORTANT: I use PARS instead of a standard 1-10 scale. For more information, please visithttp://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067268268/imagesand click on the picture named ""Positive Asymmetrical Rating Scale."""
,Recommended,307670,19152711,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,[RT] Jdog90000,"So far so good, I was able to finish the first scenario on medium, and there's a lot more content and difficulty levels. I like the Wild West gameplay and the turn based style works well. Good keyboard and mouse controls and it performs extremely well for me. Levels load in under 10 seconds and I haven't had any glitches or bugs.The story is actually pretty good as are the graphics.Definitely worth $20."
,Not Recommended,307670,28197516,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,The Pizza King,"This game is full of all manner of glitches and AI problems. The amount of time needed to make all the adjustments just to play it is unacceptable. When the game functions properly, its fun. But 8 times out of 10 I have to restart a campaign from the very beginning since the craptastic autosave feature (a game feature that should have died in the 1990's) doen't always save at the start of a scenario and heat issues that cause some graphics cards to get so hot the system shuts down and substandard mapping issues with the AI cause characters to constantly get stuck in endless walking loops where the turn never ends. How this came got this high rating, I don't know, but there are significant issues that are not being fixed and the developers solutions often entail download third-party software to fix an issue that is clearly caused by the game. If Discount Tire sold people tires that only stayed inflated on certain types of cars, and for the ones that didn't stay inflated, they recommended you go to some other merchant to purchase some other item to fix them, Better Business Bureau would hammer them, and their former customers would probably sue them out of existence. I am just sick and tired of game companies producing software filled with glitches and then expecting the game community to fix it themselves."
,Recommended,307670,28225242,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Reliant39,"This is a tough one. It's XCOM set in the Weird West, so you've got cowboys interacting with demons.As in XCOM, you move all your units, then the enemy gets their turn, and so forth. Each unit has two action points; attacking usually ends the turn for that unit immediately. What's new is that each unit not only has a hit point counter, but also has ""luck"". When under attack, the luck gets depleted first (in most cases), and when a unit has run out of luck, the next attack will be a hit. Getting wounded restores some luck, too, so there's an interesting back and forth going on here. It also makes the game more deterministic in a good way.The game's campaign consists of a number of scenarios. Each scenario has a particular story. You move across an overland map. Each location you visit starts off a little choose-your-own-adventure-style story, which frequently ends in a tactical encounter. Those battles are, as in XCOM, the heart of the game. But the battles don't appear to be randomized (like in XCOM 2): they are fixed, and part of that scenario's story.There is no character progression. Units don't level up. Instead, you unlock cards that you can equip to your characters to give them particular perks or special abilities. Creating a ""hand"" of cards (e.g. three of a kind) gives a bonus. Other than that, you also give your units weapons and other items to help them in combat. In my experience, the items that increase movement range and luck tend to be the most useful, but your experience may well be different.Hard West is competent, and I like the setting and execution, but I'm not sure it's a good game. I've enjoyed my time so far and I'll probably finish the campaign (and so I'll recommend it), but there's little here that makes it stand out. The game play rules are fine (I like the luck mechanic), but it hews close to the XCOM formula, and the overland sections are rather basic and frequently quite a bit boring. The first scenario, which has you visit different locations and select the three same options in turn again and again to simulate ""mining gold"", is mind-numbingly dull. Fortunately, the story does pick up afterwards.Sadly, the developers don't really do much with the Weird West setting. You'll fight occasional demons, but aside from their stats or the fact that you might have to destroy some blood vials to make sure they stay dead, they don't really differ that much from the run-of-the-mill cowboys you'll fight the rest of the game. Likewise, your posse's characters tend to be ciphers, even the one that has returned from the land of the dead.So it's a competent game, but not one that will set your world on fire. A missed opportunity, really. If the above sounded interesting, you should probably check it out, but I would wait for a sale with a deep discount."
76561197984810565,Recommended,307670,19169572,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Bordermate,"Take this from someone who hated Xcom (repetitive with a boring aesthetic)....Hard West is a great way to spend $15.+Beautiful level art.+Satisfying gun fights+Nice polish on the game from what I can tell+Some neat mechanics (such as building traits via a Poker Deck and gaining additional bonuses from actual Poker Hands)+Nice variety of equipment and guns allowing you to vary your characters immensely+Simple and reliable camera controlsSome of the sounds are canned sounds from other games which don't fit the Old West setting, but I can cope.  The campaign map is a bit useless and even your side missions rarely do much beyond changing the cost of items in shops (which you don't always need to use...).  The campaign map is also a good bit confusing on the first scenario.   The entire campaign map could be done away with and it would still be a fine game.You get to enjoy 7+ scenarios each with a different cast of characters and play style.   It's got a nice dark undertone to the entire game and is overall a fun way to spend 5-10 hours.  It is ripe for multiplayer - but I don't believe that's in the cards.  It's system would work quite well.Overall, you could spend $15 in a number of worse ways.  If you like turn-based games and Old West gunfights, pick it up.  You won't be disappointed."
76561198120711020,Recommended,307670,24657735,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,n535,"I am terrible at writing reviews, but I feel that it is unfair that Hard West only has 'mixed' rating here on steam. The game is absolutely amazing. It has flaws, sure, but I can say that about every game I have ever played. For me, pros greatly outweight cons. Before buying I was nervous about certain aspects of gameplay which are discussed on forums. All these points are valid, and all turned out not to be a problem at all.Pros:Great atmosphere & art stylex-com like combatInteresting storyGood voice actingDifficulty levels are well balanced: easy is easy, normal is forgiving, hard is, well, hard, but does not feel as unfair, as blackguards for example (great game, by the way)Neutral (many people are concerned about this points, so I think they deserve a separate section). Just keep that in mind before buying the game:All enemies have passive overwatch. That actually is essential for keeping the game interesting and balanced. On normal difficulty you will mostly one-shot kill everybody. Overwatch forces player to think and use flanking, that is absolutely essential in Hard West. Also, enemies will only shoot you if you were visible before movement.Game lacks manual saves. Your progress is automatically saved when you exit while in exploration mode and you cant save during a battle. Most battles last for aproximately 20 minutes on normal, and 30-35 on hard with ironman enabled (you have to be very defensive and cautious). I only had to replay battle once or twice on normal.Your progress is not being transferred between scenarios, exept for The Fate TraderCons:Performance. My single complaint. Most of the time, performance is ok, but in a few levels, it is atrocious, and you cant fix it by choosing lower graphics settings. My PC is kinda old thoughFinal score:9/10If you like turn-based tactics games with a good story and setting, than Hard West is a must-buy"
76561198006086166,Recommended,307670,23923386,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Arakuel,"After 35h of gaming, I finished all the ""campaign"" scenarios (medium difficulty, wounds, ironman) and decided to write a review.You can't save the game. Only checkpoint saves, so it a bit rogue-like.The combat is much less random than X-COM, for example:- If hit chance is more than 80% then its changed to 100%, if less than 20%, then its changed to 0%- If characters luck is high then it won't be hit but the luck will be then reduced, but with depleted luck the character will be hit for sure regardless of the hit chance. After being hit some luck is regained.- Cover grant substantial damage reduction. So it is important to use protection of cover then fired upon, and outmaneuver enemies to deny them cover bonus before firing at them.This mean you will not suffer random critical hits that kill your character, like it used to happen in X-COM. So saves are not so necessary.The word map gameplay is not to complex. I personally found it little to simple.Nonetheless the scenarios had different ""economy mechanics"" to make up for.There are some weapons with different stats, but most felt the same. It sums up to pistol, shotgun (cone effect), long range rifles. Many weapons I didn't use because I don't find them useful or better than those already possessed.Characters get special abilities depending on equipped 'cards'. So after collecting some cards you can deal them to your characters as you see fit. That way you can make some nice skill combinations which make huge difference in tactical combat.If you will not have to high expectations and can buy it for a half price, then you can fully enjoy it."
,Recommended,307670,19574053,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,fourtonmantis,"Great turn-based tactical strategy game in the same spirit as Jagged Alliance and X-Com, albeit with a doomed Western theme. As the game lacks an overwatch mechanic, you have to enter fights guns blazing and think about positioning more than about cover. This results in action-packed shoot-outs and somewhat prevents defensive trench-warfare. The game is very thematic, the graphics are great, although the levels could have used a little bit more variety and the soundtrack is hauntingly engaging. Overworld exploration limits itself to choose-your-adventure textboxes and adds to the story but little to actual gameplay. I can whole-heartedly recommend this to any genre fan and fans of the Weird West."
,Recommended,307670,27174733,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Waingro,"The name Hard West is an accurate description of this game. It's definitely difficult, but also has one of the coolest ""weird west"" settings I've ever seen.Gameplay is fun and unforgiving. Even small mistakes can quickly balloon into absolute failures. The system is pretty straight forward and easy to understand. There is a good amount of customization of your characters with a variety of weapons and skills gained by using playing cards to create unique ""builds"" for your characters.The story is interesting and the graphics are pretty good. The music is great.Overall this game is probably one of the most enjoyable I've played in the past few years."
76561198035805486,Recommended,307670,29550788,Posted: 28 January,all,efoxy06,"I have always been a huge fan of the XCOM series, and I had just finished watching West World on HBO.  I had a craving for some more gritty western lore, and the Steam Store just so happened to advertise this gem of a game to me.  I couldn't buy it fast enough.  No regrets.  It plays just like XCOM so if you are a fan of turn based, squad style SRPG, this game is great.  The content is very dark and I probably wouldn't recommend it for young kids, but I found the story to be unpredictable and interesting.Even on the hardest mode, it scales a bit on the easy side.  Individual characters are only somewhat customizable via limited gear (two guns and a defensive trinket + expendable items) and playing cards acquired throughout a scenario.  Each card has a minor boost, and a skill, and when combined to form a poker hand have added bonuses as well.  I had fun doing unique things like boosting one character's Movement through the roof and letting him tear up the map, so the customization is adequate, it just doesn't have much in the way of leveling up.All in all I estimate the game to be a solid 30 hour investment.  The original game could be longer, but there is DLC with added scenarios as well too."
76561198018847741,Recommended,307670,22697600,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Brasidas,"Hard West is a western-themed, turn-based, episodic RPG with some dark (as in horror) elements in it. There are 8 chapters, within which are several scenarios where there may be combat or puzzles to solve. The puzzles aren't really heavy duty, and the combat (once you get used to the system and weapons) is pretty simple. Concepts of cover apply here; there is also a ""setup"" real-time phase that allows you to explore and do things if you stay out of sight and not shoot anyone. Once you shoot someone or if they discover you, turn-based combat begins. You also get to collect cards that can boost your stats if you play the right poker hand. All in all:Pros:I like the western theme. As far as I know, there aren't any of this genre in a turn-based combat RPGThe narrator, Death, is a nice (albeit common) touchThe audio was authentic sounding (guns firing don't sound like modern guns, for e.g.), though music became a little repetitive after a whileStats, loot, etc. only carry forward within each chapter, once you complete the chapter, you start fresh. This can also be a con, but I think it keeps the player on their toesThe game has you play the roles of many characters (not just the ""hero"" character), which is refreshingThe stat boosting cards are a nice featureConsInventory is too limited. You only get 2 slots for usable items, so there's a lot of effects you don't get to try out, or strategies, unless you keep replaying, butGiven the structure/design of the game, there's limited replay valueThe game can be completed in around 20-30 hoursThe campaign is fairly linear; there's pretty much just one story arc and one route to follow. Sometimes it feels very scriptedOnce you get farther in the game, the load times took a while. You also can't save within the scenario, the game only auto-saves between chapters. This is not a big deal, but I have to mention itI'm still recommending this game because I think the devs took a risk, and did a decent job with the released product. Although the backstory could be tighter -- why the Stranger appeared, the role of Purgatory, etc. -- the multiple viewpoints and different characters you get to play make up for it. And in the end, the overarching lesson that ""bad things sometimes happen to good people"" is all too true, and all too tragic.7.0/10.0"
76561198008771415,Recommended,307670,20239200,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,The Restless Kaiser,"Only 7 hours into this game and already hooked.XCOM style move & shoot tactical combat & cover system is at the core of this game.  The focus on movement, flanking and cover make this system one of the best ideas form recent turn-based games.  The 'scenarios' are each mini-campaigns complete with a world map to explore and several scripted battles.What you get in Hard West, that you don't really get in a lot of these tactical games is a great story.  Hard West is a gripping series of interconnected stories set in a Steampunk wild west with a bit of Lovecraftian horror tossed in for good measure.Customisation options are there for your characters and have a lot of flavour to them.  Perks are obtained by slotting playing cards, each with unique passive and active bonusses.  These can be arranged into sets constituted form classic poker hands.If the game has a drawback, I guess the lack of legacy.  I found that once I got invested in a character, they died or the scenarios finished.  That said, the changing cast of characters is part of the charm.Great little game:5/5"
76561198039222800,Recommended,307670,24786389,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,kingts,"Pros:A: Follows a horror western story line with classic turn based manueversB: Not that hard to pick up with good graphics and works well with most systems-check requirementsC: Percentages on hits or misses are pretty accurate and position is key, so not that frustrating compared to X-com or other games with high hit percentages that are hit or missD: Straight forward story telling and you do get the badge play from Steam on cards and items.Cons:A: The Tactical outcomes are based on creativeness, for example, I found bouncing off items with gun manuevers to be fun, but not always effective. By the second or third parts of the story you will feel alot of redundancy.B: Alot of the manueving into parts of the map are un-necessary and redundantC: Crafting can get useless. You can enhance items, but seems a waste of time.D: One perspective map play, so you always feel away from the action, rather than part of it like an Xcom or other games that utilize camera perspectives as part of the story and action.E: Killer here is the lack of save at any point of the game. This can be good for novice who wish to redo battles and redoing storylines, but bad for players who want to redo a turn not an entire battle.Outlook: My Advice is go to the workshop and watch the public video gameplay by another player or friend to get a good idea is the game is for you and wait until it is on sale. It is not an expensive game but why spend more that you have to. I think Hard West can be vastly approved on in many areas. It does have fun animated cut scenes, but they should be more part of the action and not just for ads or intros. Hard West is a nice start, but I do think HW2 if they ever do it? Will be much better. On sale not a bad game to try.I would give it 2.5 stars out of 5, passing but not highly rated."
76561198029904609,Recommended,307670,29814402,Posted: 9 February,all,bear_storm,"Right, so, you need to know three things up front.This is not Xcom. It has the look of a tactical cover shooter, but it plays different than what you're used to. Your attacks will claim to have percentage hit chances. This is misleading. What your attacks have is a hit value. If that value's over your enemy's luck, the attack hits and your victim heals a percentage of their luck. If that value's under your opponent's luck, your opponent loses that much luck.On top of that, having any cover at all cuts most incoming damage to one.This means the game is about flanking and chipping. You want to whittle down an enemy's luck to the point where you can run around the side of their cover and pop them with a full damage, unmissable shot, but you also want to make sure you've grabbed cover or you have enough luck in your bank to survive being out in the open for the round.Combat can be very unforgiving if you play like XCom, rushing for ground and trusting in the RNG to not always kill you. So don't. Watch your luck, get hit from cover to replenish it, and treat each enemy as a real threat.I've restarted an encounter maybe four times in this game, twice in the first mission of the single-chapter DLC, and never felt like I'd gotten screwed over, just that I'd played poorly.The next thing you need to know is that this game is about making difficult choices. It's not about perfectionism and getting it right. Saving is auto only, and this means missions can be a bad time if you don't understand how the luck system works, and you will occasionally make bad choices and have to deal with the consequences. That last part? That's the game. That's the challenge and the appeal of it. Hard West is very atmospheric and well written, and each of its stories is about desperation.The last thing you need to know concerns those stories. The campaign is structured as a series of related vignettes, not as a single party's journey through one unified tale. Each chapter is pretty beefy, with its own overland map and its own handful of tactical encounters, but outside of a shop where you can unlock items to be purchased in other scenarios, you don't keep anything between chapters. Your characters also don't gain exp and grow. Progression is done three ways: through passive buffs, through gear, and through a mechanic where you make poker hands out of individual stat boosts to customize your possee.If none of these three points are a deal breaker for you, you're going to have a good time with Hard West. The writing is exceptional (not perfect. Just very strong in all the elements that make a good hellfire western, a good Lovecraftian horror, and a good gothic novel) and the game thrives on it.The DLC is not quite as strong, as it's made of a single chapter instead of the core game's eight (most chapters take 3 hours to play) and it tries to tell Frankenstein in a way that doesn't quite work, so I'd hold off on that unless you really liked the main game. Otherwise, Hard West is a quite reasonable at $20, and an excellent pick for strategy gamers that crave a good story."
76561198066378992,Recommended,307670,19152072,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,kingdrummer666,"First Fallout 4, now this game. ExcellentCalling this game a Western XCOM really does it a disservice. Its much more than that. Its more of an RPG, while XCOM has very few RPG elements, this game has a ton of them. You can choose the weapons you carry, armor (if any), and the skills and perks of each character. It also has some elements of those ""Choose your own adventure"" games.Between combat you have missions you can choose to do in coloration with the story in the individual scenarios (BTW, each scenario has different characters, for different play-throughs and difficulty settings for replay ability) Choosing to focus on one mission, while ignoring another will has different results. and choosing one option over another in the missions will have even more different results.The Setting alone is great (Why aren't there more western games?) Hard West has this really cool mixture of western and horror. If you've ever played the old-school RPG ""Deadlands"" or have read Stephen King's ""The Dark Tower"" series, than you'll feel right at home.I've been excited for this game from the minute I heard about it, And i'm glad it paid off"
,Recommended,307670,19821639,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Kelvin,Played for 3 hours. Finished the First Act.Expected an X-Com clone but what I got here is far far better than what I was expecting.The two missions in the first Act involving Mexican Town and the Farmstead have got to be one of the most intense moments ever in gaming. The unique injuries system also add alot to the dynamics.Highly Recommended for those interested in the genre. Looking forward to play it some more. :D
,Recommended,307670,19150468,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jeff,"Review in progress!Great game so far!  There are a lot of people complaining about the lack of a manual save feature, to them I say get over it.  The developer made the game this way so that your choices have consequence.  It's such a small and minor thing to get worked up over and prevent you from playing an otherwise awesome game.  That said, I do wish it auto saved more frequently and not only prior to combat.Pros:- Awesome setting- A unique and interesting game mechanic for each chapter.  From managing mining excavations in one to needing organizing an expidition, each is unique and varied and I look forward to each new chapter to see what the next will be.- Interesting combat mechanics- Great cover system- The skill system based on playing cards and poker hands is one of the cooler things I've seen in a game in a long while- Voice overs are great- Narrator similar to Bastion- No save scumming- AWESOME soundtrackCons:- Poor tutorial.  I'm 16 hours into the game and still don't have a concrete explanation as to what the sight statistic does- I'm playing on normal and I've found that outside of combat the management portion is really easy.  I've been able to accumulate gold or peons easily and haven't needed to really worry about resources in that regard.- A few typos so far"
76561198053451908,Recommended,307670,29057937,Posted: 6 January,all,Flashnova,"Overlooked gem - if you like turn based strategy like XCOM, you will love this game. Great style, awesome awesome soundtrack, and really cool cowboy demon lore. Get it, love it!"
,Recommended,307670,19152411,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,"Etarnal ""The Space Monkey"" Azure","Okay, so here goes.I loved XCOM, and I will be getting the next game as well, this game's combat is very Xcom esque, which is a huuge plus, however. It does NOT have a save system. Which means, if the lead character dies, you go all the way back to the last checkpoint, rather than just the begining of the new phase.Also, you will never be able to save in the middle of combat incase you have to leave or you're too tired to continue, which means, if you've just spent 40min taking down 80% of the fellows, you will have to continue, or give up on the progress.I ran into a problem at the very start, after the tutorial, instead of going to harvest gold like the game told me, I explored, I met a nice Indian lady that sold me herbs, I bought them, I then went on with the mission, only to find out that I no longer had the gold needed to progress in the story.. Meaning I had to restart the game from the tutorial.This, was a huge annoyance for me.However, the combat is fun, the A.I is resonably intelligent, (Though it does seem like it always knows where you are, while you have no idea where it is.)I'd give this a ""I recommend this, but only barely""."
76561198024220313,Recommended,307670,33792658,Posted: 25 July,all,Rabid,"Picked this up in the Summer Sale for less than four pounds! Awesome wild west adventure with Xcom style turn based combat. If you enjoy Xcom then you will almost certainly enjoy this.Pros:-The story is great.Gameplay is good.Between combat adventure is a novel idea.Card selection is fab idea.Cons:-The AI isnt the strongest.The between combat adventure is a little too long on a couple of scenarios in the campaign.Overall, I really enjoyed this for the price I paid. I would recommend it highly if its on sale."
,Recommended,307670,22713796,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Haegemon,"Great XCom-lite style game. Solid combat, nice selection of upgrades and weapons without overdoing things, fun story arcs. The mini-campaign structure kept the gameplay pacing fresh without ever just snowballing into a single over powered force. The setting, sounds, and visuals are all nice and cohesive, everything feels like it belongs together on screen. 1st DLC offered another great story at a fantastic price-point.Overall, extremely fun tactical strategy game with a slick Weird West setting and story at a perfect price for the amount of content and choices offered. Really hope there will be even more DLC campaigns or a sequel coming out to build this into a nice solid franchise."
,Recommended,307670,29029739,Posted: 5 January,all,Mausklickmoerder,"A thoroughly mediocre game with a phenomenal artwok. The story basically writes itself as thin plot is wrapped around a bunch of common Weird West tropes. Most NPCs and locations don't even get more  than one or two of sentences of description. The strategical mini-games are fun, but only a side note. Sometimes I felt punished for following the main quest as I ended an episode with many parts of  the map still unexplored.Yet, I enjoyed the game. The tactical combat system is neat, has a few really interesting gimmicks and looks a lot better than the generic 3D♥♥♥♥♥♥that XCOM feeds us. As a table top RPG player I found the episodic structure inspiring, even if the execution (especially the pacing) is wanting. Had it had the funding of a major title and some decent writers, this could have been a masterpiece."
,Not Recommended,307670,32490406,Posted: 16 June,all,Joratox,"My main problem is this game is lots of small storys. That in itself is not a bad thing but i wanted a squad that grew over the game, not a hardrest everytime the scenario is over.It's not a bad game at all, just not what i was looking for, and if you looked for the same as me you wont find it."
76561197970755031,Recommended,307670,32053148,Posted: 29 May,all,Razzputon,"Hardwest and XCOM need to hook up and have a kid.Hardwest graphics and fighting mechanics are there. The Style and mood of the game is spot on. LOVED IT!The big problem with the game was the story and pacing. This is not that big of a deal because XCOM already has a perfect story already right there for you. Instead of Aliens you have Demons, outlaws and oil barons, etc... Instead of your ship, maybe you have a ranch.Or go the Darkest Dungeon route, but you need some sort of character/player investmentThis game is a diamond in the rough. There is also alot of future potential here.If they make a Hardwest 2, I'd buy it."
,Recommended,307670,19561084,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,bvesco,It's fun.It isn't X-COM with cowboy hats. It's more like X-COM-lite with cowboy hats. So don't expect to have the same range of tactical options as in X-COM. You won't be able to crouch at will or save a reaction shot. There's no research or base building. The meta game is interesting but different.If you need something to play while waiting for X-COM 2 then this is your game.It's fun.
,Not Recommended,307670,24925518,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Talismonger,"As a veteran turn-based strategy gamer, I cannot recommend this game.  It does have a number of positives, which I will enumerate at the end.CRITICAL FLAWS-- Poor enemy AI --The enemies seem to lack the ability to use any items other than their primary weapon.  Your characters, in contrast, have two weapons a piece, and up to two usable items.  This makes you a powerhouse compared to EVERYONE else.  More troublesome is the terrible enemy AI.  Turn-Based Strategy means that battles are meant to be tactical challenges.  This is essentially a squad-based, tactics game.  Enemies all act individually, but seem to lack the ability to work together.  I realize that AI programming is complicated, but it is essential for a squad-based tactics game to be challeging.  This game takes the cheap way out by simply increasing enemy firepower and decreasing your hp for higher difficulty settings.  So, if you think that making the enemies tougher by giving them the power to one shot kill your characters makes the game tougher, then you would be correct.  It doesn't make it more enjoyable.  It simply turns the game into a squad-based puzzle game (avoid all shots).  Not my cup of tea.Big match up at the end of the main scenario line - over in just a couple rounds.  I don't even think any of my characters were hit once.-- Main Character restarts at each new chapter, so all items, injuries, fate cards, etc. are lost  (this destroys the role playing element) --I love rpg advancement because it allows attachment to the characters.  Ex.  My bounty hunter gets a mangled hand during a firefight.  Now, with a mangled hand, he can't aim worth anything, so give him a sawed-off shotgun, sneak him in close, and it won't matter.  This sort of thing makes characters develop and change over time - they gain character.  In this game all rpg-esque advancements are reset between scenarios (a couple hours a piece).  No character has any permanency.  Think of it more as Commandos instead of X-Com.-- Poor proofing & crashes --I only had a few actual crashes, though there were many lags & slow down.  For a while I had a game-breaking error that was caused by having a gamepad plugged in but not using it. (took a while to figure that one out)  Fate abilities that I had placed on a character would mysteriously not be present in some combats, and other character would be completely rekitted within the same scenario.  Just seemed to lack polish and playtesting.-- Lack of explanation --I still don't know what the defense statistic does, and there are less than 6 statistics per character.  Perhaps it reduces the enemy chance to hit me.  Perhaps it reduces my chance of receiving an injury when hit.  Perhaps it increases the effective of cover for that character.  Perhaps it provides a chance of decreasing incoming damage.  It likely does one of those things.  I shall never know which.Making certain storyline advances in some scenarios prevent completion of side content (with no warning).  Combined with the  lack of ability to save and reload, it means that you make simply miss big chunks of content unless you want to restart the whole scenario from scratch.Enemies have a radar-looking effect that appear near them if you walk too close.  It means that they get a free shot on you.  Given the ""closeness,"" a hit is almost guaranteed.  This was never brought up during the tutorial.  I permanently lost one of my secondary characters in the first scenario when I ""discovered"" this mechanic, and was a bit salty about it.  Further it is a poor, jury-rigged mechanic to offset the lack of an overwatch mechanic.  The jury-rigged nature of the mechanic is clear because it only applies to enemy characters (from what I could tell).-- Poorly implemented mechanics --This is mostly about ""heat"" and ""daylight"" vs. everything else.  Heat is about how suspicious/dangerous your current weapons look.  It has gameplay effect related to subduing enemies, but was otherwise largely ignored.  There was the potential for prefight setups where you have to enter a guarded establishment and must adjust your kit to below a certain heat level to get it.  Never happened in any scenario I played.  It felt like heat was a mechanic that the developer had intended for much more, but then ran out of time/money to implement fully.Daylight/Night had the same feel.  There are ablilities that are ""stronger"" in the shadow, but the difference is tactically insignificant.  There is no option to allow your to plan an event during the day or night to get the effect of favorable lighting conditions.  They simply are preset going into each encounter.  Felt like it had potential that wasn't fully implemented.CRITICAL SUCCESSES (the things they got right)-- Has a good flavor for the period/setting they try to create --Lots of dialogue, old west movie style narration, and some graphical flourishes (ex. gunsmoke effect following shooting) all greatly aid immersion.-- Basic combat mechanics are solid --Cover based shooting, sight distances, fog of war, actions points, etc.  All tried and true mechanics.  No innovation here, but they apply them well to the setting (except for the poor AI noted above).-- Music --I thought that the music was well applied and thematically appropriate.  Some will certainly find it repetitious, though.OVERALLThere are some fun things about this game, but the overall game lacks sufficient development to be a challenging, immersive experience."
76561198052751835,Recommended,307670,19229206,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,tenricsilverhood,"I'm a fan of turn-based tactics. This one's worthwhile. Engaging story, challenging battles, interesting setting. There are some clunky / unnecessary mechanics life the gold prospecting, but they are mostly unimportant. You can just breeze through those without giving them much thought."
76561198291684733,Recommended,307670,29713544,Posted: 5 February,all,BreathOfSuns,"I'm only a few hours into Hard West, but it has already left me with plenty of impressions. I do have a few criticisms regarding my experience so far, but before I move forward with writing this I want to be respectful of your time:In less than four hours of play time, I feel like my money was not wasted. I also feel like this game was something the developers cared about deeply. This is ultimately the TL;DR, but I have an urge to elaborate a little bit.Hard West is very much what it looks like in the screen shots, it's immediately reminiscent of X-COM in both gameplay and presentation. I think the only thing holding Hard West back is probably the budget. Given what I've played so far, I would far prefer the setting and narrative of Hard West over X-COM.I have only two scenarios of Hard West so far. The first is a gritty revenge story with occult themes looming over the spaghetti western setting. The second scenario is a lovecraftian story of important research into the depths of humanity left behind by an unfortunate death.You get a party of up to four characters, each character having a two-weapon loadout, two consumables, and an accessory. In addition to this, each character can have up to five perks of various effects, in the form of playing cards. When certain combinations of cards are together in the same ""hand"", additional perks will sometimes manifest themselves.I really like the way this card system works for two reasons:1) The playing cards fit well stylisitcally with the western frontier setting, but they also work well by using the mechanics from card games like poker in a way that makes sense for RPGs. If you have abilities x, y, and z equipped all at the same time, you get an additional bonus. On the other hand (no pun intended), It does feel like it might be discouraging to experiment with interesting or unorthadox builds because the bonuses applied when a hand is made make it feel like the objectively correct option.2) The playing cards themselves all seem to grant the user supernatural abilities that appear to align somewhere on the chaotic/neutral evil side of the spectum; cannibalism, dark magic, shadow cloaks, demonic transformations, etc. It's very tasteful how the writers of this game were able to execute the supernatural/horror vibe without compromising the great western themes.Hard West has one of the best systems for difficulty, in my opinion. You have the standard easy/normal/hard options, but there are also other options to toggle different game mechanics to make the game feel more fair or demanding depending on your preferences. Should characters regenerate some of their resource pools over time, or does that make it too easy? Are the cover mechanics just inconsequential ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and should they be removed? Is it fair to be limited to only a few abilities to spread across your party, or would any developer worth their weight in code make all the abilites available from the start to enable personalization as the player sees fit?I think there is a lot of good things here, but as I had mentioned earlier, the thing I think that holds it back the most is likely due to the budget.This game does rely quite a bit on descriptive text to tell its story. I can't think of a single time I've played a game where I wanted to be told the story instead of shown. I don't like to bash on games based on things I wish were in them, and I guess I'm not really bashing here, but I would be lying if I said that I couldn't wait to read about what it was like to walk into a new town instead of getting to explore it in some way. I would be lying if I said I was just as enthralled with the characters having read about them rather than actually witnessing them interact with one another. If this game could have cutscenes similar to how Final Fantasy Tactics executed them, it would be much easier for me to recommend this game to someone interested in the world.I don't really know if there is a solution to this problem, but I really wish that the numbers in these kinds of games were a little more consistent with what is happening on screen. One of the main problems I had in X-COM was the way cover/line of sight works. You still have a 70% chance to hit that guy that you can't even see? I understand the ideas of modifiers and dice rolls, but there should be better means of using level geometry to calculate a more believable encounter. Again, this is something that isn't specific to this particular game, but it is a problem shared due the heritage from which it was made.Overall, I am very charmed by the experience this game has had to offer, and as of right now I'd probably limit my recommendations of this game to either fans of the setting or fans of the genre. If the screenshots don't make you think ""hm, I'd like to try this.."" then I would say it's not likely to make a believer out of you. If you think ""meh, XCOM rip off, probably not as good though..."" I would definitely urge you to at least check it out and we can compare notes."
,Recommended,307670,24805385,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,verbaloid,"Polish developers seem to conquer the gaming world with their intellectuall, well-crafted, deep, deep games. While western gamedevs are obviously existing in an infinite loop of their own cliches (dragons, elves, robots and zombies), the Poles break new grounds.Hard West is an exceptional RPG\strategy game, with strong emphasis on narrative (feels like reading a very good book) that stays with you for days, making you brood on the fates of the game characters  (like a good book does).The atmospheric and inventive perk system (dealing cards and trading various weird relics), absolutely glorious tactical combat system (capitalizing on much of Silent Storm battle mechanics), all soaked in dark weird fiction lore (a Lovecraftian literary movement of recent decades) - all together make for a brilliant game where 'brilliant' is indeed an actual product description, not just standard flattery.Heavily recommended for tactical combat gamers, Lovecraft and weird fiction aficionados, and all those who like a high quality game devoid of silly modern cliches."
76561197991921781,Recommended,307670,19167469,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Stroganov,"Great game for everyone and especially for the fans of XCOM:EU.Great atmosphere, great narrative and innovative mechanics."
76561197979260961,Recommended,307670,28436580,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ludeman,"This game's biggest flaw is no overwatch!  Oh, but the AI does!   What?!  The AI knows you have no overwatch and will take full advantage, includeing goning right by multiple units and singing all the way to get in the best spot to shoot!I give it a sideways thumb!Come on Dev's give us Opp fire!!!!"
76561198078540620,Recommended,307670,32194614,Posted: 5 June,all,karpovcz,"Tactical cover shooter interlaced with tons of multiple choice dialogs.The setting, sound and story is great.The combat is interesting but the mechanics are half cooked. Cover is extremely important and is binary - you have it or you do not - depending if the LOS crosses even a tiny corner you either get killed or hit for piddly 1 HP. And you want to get hit because hit replenishes ""luck"" which also acts as mana in this game. So the tactical part pretty much depends on the AI being lousy - luckily it is.The dialogs unfold dark tales and set dystopian mood. But they are just that - dialogs upon dialogs (well, not even that, more like storybooks filled by nothing but text).Albeit the game has many problems, it was interesting and etertaing experience. A work of love passionate yet unfulfilled."
,Recommended,307670,23370525,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,sith aesthetic,"Is Hard West the best game I've ever played? Nope, but it's surely fun. It's a sort of turn based RTS that becomes really interesting after the main character sells his soul to the devil, but even so - the game is still pretty challenging from trying to manage your inventory to the characters you have to fight with. The only downfalls of this game are the strange ""breaks"" that it takes from the main character and the parts where you have to move around on a map and ""eat food"" otherwise your party dies. I could definitely do without that stuff, but I recommend getting it on sale if you're interested."
,Recommended,307670,19188483,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Goldseeker,"Great take on XCOM-like gameplay. The changes to XCOM battle system make it far less random and more tactical. Luck resource ensures that there are next to none consequetive misses. The fact that >80% hit chance is rounded up to 100% and <20% down to 0% means that there no enfuriating 99% misses.Great ideas and implementations.And story is interesting.Only complaint i have is weird performance problems while opening inventory, trade screen and other UIs."
,Recommended,307670,19157840,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,[ A E ] WinD,"This was a HUGE fn Surprise - Highly Reccomended - Imagine Wasteland 2 meets X-Com minus the Base Building of X-Com and a stream lined RPG mechanic system compared to wasteland 2 - with more of a focus on spoken dialogue and amazing moments such as.... (this should be a damn game seller moment if I ever saw one) - Want to use the Bullet Ricochet ability? Sure! But why off of an item that is obviously in the path of the enemy? Why not ricochet off one object then go away from the enemy to ricochet of another; to go down to another object to richochet off and land cleanly on the enemy in a psuedo square shape in the opposite direction? Why not? Well - Yeah; You can do it - and BOOM -  - Check out this triple ricochet hit!https://youtu.be/TmjvqZ5-ihY?t=1h19m11s- I literally shot a bullet that curved as if it was the matrix ricocheting off of a 3 sides of a rectangular/square shape of the opposite direction of the enemy; and nailed him.Also you can turn into a demon, use dark energies; theirs a 12 barrel shotgun, 19 barrel pistol ... and Deals with the Devil.First Impression video after 2.5 hours is a solid Niner out of Ten - It only gets better as you go further into the title which by no means seems short despite the current 15.99 price tag.if you dig isometric satisfying combat done RIGHT like in X-Com and have yearned for the Ole West which has been a favorite gaming world to be in ever since Call of Jaurez 2 - Red Dead Redemption made the cowboy dream an open world reality - and now a refined, mature, intelligent and rather innovative in the systems it uses Dark ""Demon filled"" western has hit us HARD. - It's Called Hard West.Go buy it.For more gameplay and the eventual full video review stay tuned to Accelerated Evolution - On youtube athttp://www.youtube.com/c/acceleratedevolution-esportsor on our website athttp://acceleratede.esportsify.com- Amazing stuff guys; during a two and a half week period of block busters we find an indie GEM. Don't let that gem just sit - let it shine! BUY BUY BUY- WinD of AE"
76561197995890255,Recommended,307670,24485895,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,locksymania,"Do you like XCOM and other squad-based TBS?Do you like the works of Stephen King, David Gemmell and Cormac McCarthy?If so then roll up, Pilgrim - this game is for you. The alt-west setting is rich, the gameplay is solid and the out-of-kilter, modular narrative actually works really well, forcing you to change up your play style as the story moves to a new area. I got this in the sales earlier this summer and was so pleased with it I've bought the DLC.Well worth your consideration and hard-earned loot."
76561198007300752,Recommended,307670,33457175,Posted: 11 July,all,Blackadar,"I'm quite enjoying this one.Hard West is a like a burrito. The meat is a tactical, 3rd person, turn based, small-squad-combat game. The wrapper is a strategic overview that helps direct a fairly interesting and every-changing story. And the very tasty sauce is an environment that combines the old west with a bit of a badness directed by Old Scratch himself. So let's break each of those down, shall we?The tactical combat is the core of the game. If you don't like it then this game isn't for you. It's done similarly to XCOM or other games of this ilk. There are a handful of weapons (as usual, I love being a sniper) and a couple of abilities depending on the person. The ricochet ability is one that's built into maps that can be quite fun to pull off. It's not as deep as some of the tactical shooters - it's more of a beer and pretzels type game.There is one new wrinkle which is really interesting here which is the Luck system. Essentially, if they shoot at you and miss then you're going to lose luck and will need to move as the next shot has a better chance of hitting. If they shoot at you and get a hit, you're going to build luck. No more sitting in a well covered spot and picking off the enemy. Once they zero you in, you're going to move. Now there is a downside to this as some skills take luck. If you can't build it, you can't use those skills. But I think that's not really a big issue because if you're not building luck it means you're not getting hit anyway and are probably winning the battle. You're always well rewarded for proper planning, getting higher than your opponent and for staying in cover.Let me address a few common complaints in many reviews. So let's talk about the RNG, the overwatch system, the AI and the save system.1. I've experenced no issues whatever with the RNG. It's absolutely fair. 80% shots hit 80% of the time. There's nothing wrong here and the aforementioned luck system really helps level things out.2. There's no overwatch system for you. There is for an enemy, bascially to prevent you from running right up to them during your turn and shooting them point blank. I don't find this an issue. An overwatch system would make this game pitifully easy because of the AI (point 3) and the fact you're not incredibly overmatched in tech like you are in XCOM. Different games, different needs.3. The AI is dumb. Most battles won't be a major challenge because the AI simply doesn't do a good job of fighting. If you know how to flank then you're going to win most battles easily.4. The biggest complaint - and the reason I didn't buy this game - was because there was no in-mission save system. This was rectified in patch 1.5 and it seems to work fine.The maps are well drawn and usually offer a couple of different objectives. The sprites and music are fine. There's nothing particularly wrong with this portion of the game but it does get a bit repetitive due to the lack of options. The voice overs, sounds...they're all fine. Nothing outstanding but professionally done.So that's the beef. The shell is the strategic story layer. Frankly, there's not much to this. Some well-done voice work and a few choices that don't seem to matter all that much. You click on the map to further the story and read some text. It's almost an afterthought trying to drive the tory forward and all it really does is drives the game towards the next tactical battle. The story isn't uninteresting but it's never gripping either. You simply don't spend long enough to get to know the characters you're using. Sometimes you're using a decent person. Other times you're manipulating someone who is a baddie. But it changes enough that there's never any feel for these people. It's like a story where each chapter is told from a different viewpoint. That drives the story along but it doesn't help us feel much for the characters. In fact, the story really feels a bit disjointed. I don't konw if that's the order I played these scenarios in but it's not a gripping narrative.Finally, there's the enviornment - the Old West coupled with a bit of devilry. It's a great combo and one that should be used more. I'm not a big Old West fan but it offers a lot of atmosphere to this game that otherwise would be missing. The setting gives the story what little weight it has and it works. There is so much more potential here and I hope they make another one of these to really exploit the setting.So, what's the verdict? I'm still playing it. It's worth what they're asking for it but by now you can get it on sale. If you have any interest in this type of combat or even just the setting then it's worth the asking price. I feel badly about paying only $5 because it's a quality product. That's a heck of a bargain. Even more importantly, it's worth my time to play it."
,Recommended,307670,20017331,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,JackFunk,"After completing the game, I recommend it to anyone who enjoys turn based combat games.  The setting is great.  The weird west theme really shines.  The story is decent and the writing is solid.  The interesting weapons and the abilities from the cards provide a lor of variety in turms of combat.  The art direction and stage design are solid.  The narration is top notch and the soundtrack really adds atmosphere.As for the XCOM and Jagged Alliance comparisons, Hard West really is it's own game.  While it is turn based, its combat system is simpler then XCOM's and much less sophisticated then the one found in Jagged Alliance 2.  That said, the game doesn't suffer for this.  Combat is fun, tense, and always seems fair.I played it on an older system (Dell XPS 420) and it ran smoothly.  There were temporary hangs in the inventory screen and I ran into one mission that did not end when the trigger should have occured.  I was able to work around this without any issue.So, solid game.  Fun, not terribly difficult (on normal), entertaining, and very interesting.  I look forward to see what the developers do next."
,Recommended,307670,19242487,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,The Juicy Dangler,Fun game. If you're a fan of turn-based strategy especially X-Com EU you will find a lot to like here. However the game has some glaring flaws that are very frustrating:1.The cover system is great but doesn't really make sense at times - for example: standing in front of a guy who has his back to a wall and the game still says he is in cover regarding your shot. This really screws up your tactics.2. LOS is sometimes equally as weird in that you should clearly be able to see the guy but the game just says no. This is really frustrating in a 2-action point turn systen (a-la X-Com EU) where many turns involve running into position then shooting. I've lost count of the amount of times I've run somewhere then had to run back into hiding due to the game saying I don't have LOS.3. The missions are very long for a game that has no save/checkpoint feature. Some last upwards of a hour and can be all for naught if a turn is messed up due to the reasons given above.
,Recommended,307670,21316736,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,LudvigXIV,"This game's story has actually surprised me. I thought that it would be something like an absurd gore-y homour-ey western about demons and zombies, but instead it appeared as a serious tragedy with high emotional impact.Other than that, it is a pretty solid tactical game about a squad of different units with different skills, who move twice per turn and shoot each other. There are, however, some little things, which renew your image of a typical tactical game - for example, final probability of getting shot is not random - there is a scale of ""Luck"", which depletes when your enemy missed and fills when you get shot. So there won't be any kind of situation, in which some unaccessible unit will snipe others from long range with 0% chance to get hit, and that's good. Also, gameplay on a world map differs in different campaigns - some campaigns will make you collect food, so you won't starve, and other will give you mysterious powers, which you may use to your advantage. This is also pretty cool.Well, I guess that I would like to recommend this game to anyone, who like turn-based tactical games, westerns and great storylines. Other people are also invited to buy this game, but preferably when it's on sale - there is a chance that some gameplay basics can be seen as tedious and repetetive.For myself, however, I would like to praise this game and say that I liked it very much."
,Recommended,307670,33507875,Posted: 13 July,all,joeyk86,"Love it! X-COM back in the Western cowboy style!Pros1) Good story2) Easy to play, yet customisable to increase difficulty3)  Each char can get special abilities and unique weapons (customisable characters)4) X-com esque gameplayCons1) Slightly on the shorter end, but I am satisifed with the money I paid (75% dicount).2) Enemy's reaction abilities -  The mechanics does not really makes sense IE if you did not know the enemy is there, you can run past him without getting shot. AFTER that, if you were to pass him again, you will be shot (because he is now in your sight). I guess the developer wanted to make it easier for the players.3) I would say there is insufficient information on some of the skills ie Gain Unholy Strength but it is a small matter.4) updated: slightly buggy and laggyOverall, I enjoyed playing it a lot! If there is a part two I would love to get it. Will recommend to friends who like X-COM"
,Recommended,307670,23156192,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Offline,"I really enjoyed Hard West and I would recommend to anyone who like turn based games. That being said, the AI is sometime dumb poor and may need some enhancement, the game in general may need some optimization but as it is a turn based game it isn't game breaking.Every scenario has a gimmick mechanic in the world map but every combat scene is played the same with, for the most part, different characters. The combat scenes are a well rounded turn based strategy game and the world map plays like a write your own adventure book.The save system is a bit awkward at first but you get used to it pretty quickly.The real selling point of Hard West is its story, characters and its setting. It is a very dark and well written story with some very well written (but somewhat shallow) characters."
76561198028367968,Recommended,307670,21043921,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,stevezarm2k3,"I really want to play this game, but i cant read the small font. I'm an older player and dont have the greatest eyesight anyway. I would need the option to make the font 3 times bigger to read it. For everything. I only play turn based strat and I like the western theme so this would be ideal if I could play it. I will reconmend the game because I dont want to tell others not to play it, they may have bigger monitors and better eyes. But it really s**ks that I have a game I want to play and cant because I dont have the options to increase the font size. Hopefully this will be fixed later.Thanks for your time."
,Recommended,307670,23916217,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Taylem,"Such an amazing game. The mechanics are very similar to XCOM, using movement and cover dynamics along the same lines. But overall, the game-play is very easy to pick up and offers little in the way of confusing tactics at the start of the game.It has a small RPG nature to the game, revolving around its card deck mechanic where you can decide what bonuses you wish each member of your posse to have during any given combat scenario. It is quite cool ... and the card artwork is top notch.But where Hard West shines is in the story-telling. It is a dark, gripping Gothic horror set in the Old West during the aftermath of the Civil War. There is very little hope in this game, the good characters struggling through the darkness while once good men become agents of darkness.There are several moral choices to be made in the game all leading into an incredible climax where good is set against evil; where redemption is possible for most at a great cost.While the final battle is extremely brief, it doesn't distract from the incredible nature of the game and it is worth the full price of admission.It is worth noting that the game does offer a poor settings menu which while on a mission, you are unable to do something as simple as adjust the volume of the music which can be overpowering.Also, the save mechanic is terrible- extremely poor design choice for a single-player offline game. Even XCOM and XCOM 2 have the ability to save as you will ...The DLC, ""Scars of Freedom"" is not too bad, but weak compared to the main game far as the narrative; however for the low cost it has enough content to be worth it."
76561198158149244,Recommended,307670,19169731,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,tuckboat,"Solid Game. There's alot done well and alot left to be desired from what I have seen so far. Strange is the rating I am giving this one because well ""Strange"" is the most appropriate word for this title on multiple fronts.Short Version...Atmosphere and Innovation to the core X-Com mechanics highlight this experience. The suprise good-times driver for me was the story.The core combat mechanics are servicable and enjoyable enough to get a slight plus one all bythemselves with extra points for trying different things. As a pure tactcial game I am still forming an opinion but overall I would say its a pretty fun take on the ""cover and advance"" aspects of X-Com.Longer Version....I enjoyed this story. On paper its a relatively straightforward plot from a narative prospective. I was pleased to find have some ability to change the course of the story through your choices and actions. Like most modern video games character development is lacking but to me it did not seem all that relevant to immersion or to me giving the storyline a big plus one. As with many tales of gunslinging revenge in the old west the romanticism and sheer kick-assery of the setting has no problem occupying center stage in this production. The depressing and grim nature of this particular tale had me thinking back to the horrifical brutal version of the West painted in Cormac McCarthy's novel Blood Meridian which is really more of an epic poem of brutal♥♥♥♥♥♥murder mayhem with touch of the supernatural and devilery thrown in for good measure.The gameplay shakes down to tactical combat battles connected via a choice your own adventure style world map. Yes it's a strange as it sounds when you read that last sentence. To further twist up the bizare factor you are going to find that while there is a pretty solid central storyline its delivery is done through multiple view points across several scenarios with check points rather than save points. Still with me? Okay finally there is some core differences between the way the world map challenges you between these different scenarios that add in elements of resource managment/simulation type mechanics. Yeah so kinda strange.The execution has been suprisingly decent in my playtime thus far. At least on the easy and medium difficulty settings much of the before mentioned game mechanics seem a bit underwhelming in their overall impact on the core of the game (tactical map battles in case you forgot).  The different meta game elements seem to shift just as you feel that your getting close to mastering and growing bored with it.I would say the graphics are pretty solid Infinity Engine level production status. Which is to say miles behind the Triple AAA titles of the here and now. I enjoyed the comic book esque cut scenes and narration but the overall look of the game could stil use some polish. I found no issues with slowdown or memory leaks.Will finish and add more to this review later....7/10"
76561198035755220,Recommended,307670,19247800,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Azrael,"Very good game for the price. Sure, it's a turn-based strategy with a Wild West theme (or rather, Weird West) but this is not an X-Com wannabe with a simple WW reskin. The game plays very differently, and pleasantly so. You can grant your posse members various abilities by assigning them poker cards, and some of these abillities are especially interesting and provides tactical depth and variety. Imagine being able to ricochet your shot through several objects before killing your target, or being able to regenerate when not under sunlight.I also enjoyed the ""luck"" mechanic. It really gives meaning to phrase &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck"". :)If you read the negative comments, common complaints are the use of checkpoints (i.e. you can't save mid fight) as well as the game being broken into scenarios, with each scenario being independent (i.e. you can't carry over your characters or equipment from one scenario to the next, except for certain unlockable equipment). While the use of checkpoints can be inconvenient, I don't find it much of an issue. Yes, it can be time consuming when you have to replay a fight from the beginning when one of your key character is killed, but I believe it is designed as a such to encourage effective planning and strategy, especially on missions that allow your posse to ""set up"" their placement before commencing the fight. You will be constantly outnumbered and outgunned, so rushing in with your guns blazing usually means failure. Thus, unless you devise a viable strategy, be prepared to keep replaying the same mission many times.As for the independent scenarios, each one has an interesting mechanic and story to tell. The varied scenario mechanics, ranging from gold mining to science research to temple raiding expedition, are both refreshing and creative, so much so, they feel like  standalone mini-games in themselves. I am only half-way through the campaign, but thus far, each scenario has kept engaged and asking me for more.All in all, this is a very solid turn-based strategy game with high production value. In my book, it's a solid 8.5/10 and definitely worth the price if you enjoy TBS games."
76561197998686939,Recommended,307670,19151919,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,xwynns,"I went from excited to frustrated to excited to depressed to jubilant to terrified to excited to ECSTATIC in just the first 30 minutes and just when I finally beat the first mission my excitement immediately turned to dread as the story unfolded.The graphics, environment, excellant voice over, dark/gritty story and tactical challenge all combine into a very immersive experience!At the games retail price, 1/3 that of most games, this is a fantastic buy.The big question as a veteran XCOM (1000+ hours) and Long War (one of PCmags 'most brutal game mods of all time') player was will the game be balanced and challenging on difficult?  I am VERY happy to report that the initial mission absolutely wrecked me on max difficulty settings, but it did so in a fair and gracious manor!  My initial impression/introduction video features almost as many deaths as there are minutes in the video (15)!:https://youtu.be/pfy1JBFW8gE"
76561198143733400,Recommended,307670,19215617,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,SkullSugarz,"Love the game so far, but it keeps freezing on one scenario, and its not my computer, and I cant get any further! Other than that it has been a great game to play!"
76561198056892386,Not Recommended,307670,35155108,Posted: 23 September,all,captaingoat,"It's basically a wild west XCOM, which sounds pretty cool but it's not that great. Here's why. There is a bunch of scenarios in the campaign, it's not one long campaign so your characters and items do not carry over so there is little incentive to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about them or bother too hard with optimizing people. Your party changes a lot as well.Story is okay I guess, it's a supernatural wild west like if the Mysterious Stranger from Red Dead Redemption made a game. It's nothing special at all.Like XCOM, the hit rate and luck can be insanely frustrating. You don't have a big party so sometimes you get 2 character turns or so then the enemies 6 people start stumbling around and you have to wait every single time as they move really slow. So you take your shot, miss, and then watch them tipple around until you finally get your turn to miss again.You can unlock special moves and such through playing but I have yet to find a single use for any of them. They're so specific and require so much Luck (attribute in the game) that it's just ultimatley easier and far more effective to just shoot them normally. It can also be really difficult to find decent cover as enemies come from EVERY direction so you always have to spend at least one action point running away to hide, letting you shoot only once which will likely miss anyway making the battles take a very long time.All in all, it's not that bad but I just couldn't recommend it for all it's flaws."
76561197962243879,Not Recommended,307670,19178749,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Dreshin,"I thoroughly enjoyed other games similar to this one (i.e X-Com) and was initially very excited for this game.  I love challenging games and do not care about the no-save feature.  However, as other reviews have echoed, this game does not give your characters the ability to do cover fire/overwatch while allowing enemies to do so.  What ends up happening often are enemies doing suicide runs up to your character behind full cover and blowing them away in a hit.I read the discussion boards and the developers defense are that they excluded this ability in order to provide a challenge for the player.  There are other ways to increase difficulty without limiting a player's tactical options, what is the point of confining players to a single play style?Edit: Someone mentioned there is actually an ability card for cover fire on your characters.  I have not come across this yet, but will give the game another try.  To be fair, I don't think this is a bad game. The graphics, characterization and other gamplay so far is top notched for $20.  It's just the design decision to limit the option of cover fire for your characters is too big of a flaw for me to over look."
,Recommended,307670,27789639,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Skoll,"A good X-Com styled tactical RPG that's greater than the sum of its parts. While it lacks the long term progression of other games in the same genre, the bite sized chapters means you don't get bogged down with agonizing over optimal gear and stats. Good storytelling, setting, atmosphere, and sound design allow this game to trade blows with its peers.The luck system is an interesting break from the bog-standard mana or energy for skill usage, and the cards are quite brilliant allowing you to tailor each party member between missions. Any given character can be a fragile sniper in one mission and a close range agile shotgunner in the next. The game also has a decent ammount of built in ""gameplay mods"" that allow you to tweak things to your liking. Some examples are disabling enemy reaction shots (if you move a character within a certain radius of an enemy they get a free potshot), extra skills for enemies, and luck regeneration on kill.Also no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like missing 3 times in a row when you supposedly have a 95% chance to hit. Always a plus."
76561197970790928,Recommended,307670,19518366,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ser_Rule1,"What a great little turn-based strategy.  If you like tactics style gameplay like 'Banner Saga' and 'Shadowrun' then 'Hard West' is definitely a good addition to your library.  It's not perfect but it really helps with that ""casual tactics game"" itch you might have."
76561198067960439,Recommended,307670,19286478,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Kernowick,"Okay let me start by expalining why I can't stop playing this game.  The game quality is brilliant.I really like turn based strategy games but they get boring after a few hours of gameplay as they become repetitive. Not this game, the story is split into sections which feel like a new game each time, new characters etc.Playing on normal you die once or twice per battle (and have to start again) which actually makes the game more fun. In other games losing and having to restart really annoys me but in this game it makes me think of a different (better) strategy.Looking forward to completing the game and playing again in Hard mode.8/10(Would give 10/10 if it had simple multiplayer)"
76561198068678559,Recommended,307670,24904351,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,DoctorDetroit,"This game is far from perfect, but the pros outweigh the cons, and it is definitely worth playing through. You're sure to get over 20 hours of gameplay, so you won't be wasting your money. In fact, I've put in almost 15 hours, and I'm only a little over halfway through the campaigns.Pros:+ The atmosphere is incredible and unique: an old west setting plagued by satanic cults and demons. It's almost like H.P. Lovecraft meets the wild west.+ There are three difficulty options and two special options, permanent injuries and ironman, that can make the game either extremely difficult or mostly casual.+ Collectible playing cards allow you to customize each character's abilities for each scenario. If you want a super stealthy cannibal, playing cards will allow that. If you would rather make a sniper-like character who can ricochet bullets across the map to hit enemies from behind cover, playing cards will also allow you to do that.+ The story, although rather simple, is quite engaging. You'll be excited to figure out what fate awaits each character.+ Combat is easy to learn and solid.+ Each of the eight scenarios add a new element to the campaign that distinguishes it from all the others. In one campaign, you'll have to cause as much destruction and chaos as possible, while in another campaign, your goal will be to manage a large group of treasure seekers.Cons:- There are no manuel saves, even when you're not on ironman mode. This means that you aren't really able to explore your actions without restarting the whole campaign.- Combat starts off quite fun, but may grow repetetive.- After each scenario, you lose your playing cards and equipment. Some special pieces of equipment can be bought in a special store in each scenario, however, known as Fate Traders. These pieces of equipment carry over from each campaign.If you can forgive the cons, this game is definitely worth $10 or $20. And no matter what your opinion on it is, you will not be able to deny that this game is a unique experience in a crazy untamed world."
,Recommended,307670,25833778,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Stray Inu,"Great Narrative and strategic design. Some replayability in trying to get 100% completion. Each chapter has different main characters but eventually all their stories link up. It was so good that I wish it was longer, even though 40 HRs of gameplay it still felt not enough. I can't wait for a sequel."
,Recommended,307670,29481244,Posted: 25 January,all,Taebrythn,So i started playing this game because i've always loved tactics and it reminded me of a xcom western. so my computer isn't the best and i know i had some minor issues with the the game running and the support was helpful to to work with me so that right there is a bonus. i did manage to beat the game. haven't done dlc yet. Anyways despite all that stuff it didn't change my mind how i felt about the game. it was really fun and i think overall i only lost 1-2 toons.one think i liked about the main game was it was divided into a few different scenarios and each one had a different outcome like feeding yourself or feeding you/workers. so it wasn't always the same thing. each one was also a different story that rolled into a larger one.Edit- i have bought the dlc and reviewed it on the dlc page.
,Recommended,307670,19231019,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,GiruAxe |,"If you like turn based stratergi games, this is for you.Think of it like a ""mini campaign"" in Xcom, but in the wild west.multiple ending and some, perhaps not many but there is some minnor choses that makes the game worth playing  through atleast a second time. I Played  through it all on normal in 10h so you get your money worth.It should be said tho that the game seam to freez from time to time but for me i just waited 1min or so then it started again. hade 2 hard crashed too. but that is stull that can and SHOULD be patch soon i think. the game as a hole is great."
76561197991070988,Recommended,307670,23013721,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Andariel+Rakanishu,"I had fun playing through hard west.The combat can be tough in the begining to get the hang of but once you do its fun and rewarding.the story for each character was interesting and allow for some playback since the different options on certain parts can only be chosen once.The only things i didn't care for were how crappy the world map looks ,thoug not much of a big deal since most of the time you will be moving to different locations reading dialog and the end cinimatics were not that great.Overall though i really enjoyed this game and recommend it."
,Recommended,307670,34255826,Posted: 15 August,all,compholio,"I've really been enjoying this game.  Everyone seems to like to compare it to X-COM, but it feels to me like a hybrid of X-COM and Wasteland 2.  Both (IMO) really excellent games and the blending of aspects of both those games was done really well.  I'm now feeling guilty that I picked this up on sale..."
,Recommended,307670,19325704,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Tambi,"I should preface this review with stating that I have a soft spot for the mix of supernatural and old west genres. So it was almost a guarantee I would like this from the start just based on that, but here's the rest of it!Oh, let's also get this out of the way: Yes, it is similar to x-Com: Enemy Unknown in some mechanics. It is strategic combat with movement distances and shooting and percent chances to hit and cover mechanics and all that. If more of that sounds good to you and you don't want to wait for X-Com 2 (or like....7, depending on how you count) then by all means, just buy this.Ok. Still on the fence? Neat. Here is where it shines. Between shootin' missions, you have some really compelling, interesting moments. In the first scenario, you and your father are trying to build a life after a tragic event, trying to find gold in a series of prospecting sites. But then it opens up and the story has you going around trying to save a neighbor's farmstead from bandits, dealing with the consequences of your father's increasing guilt over his inability to stop the aforementioned tragedy and making a literal deal with the devil, and getting in bed with a local crime lord and the consequences of that. All of those things happen due to choices you make and that's what is the best about this game.I found myself really thinking about not only the consequences of my choices but also what the characters in the story would realistically do. When presented with an opportunity to make my own deal with the devil I felt like the main character in the story wouldn't even consider it after hir father's moment of weakness led him to do the same.Here's the TL;DR for you: If this looks even a little interesting to you, I highly recommend it. It's clever and fun and mechanically sound."
76561197982853933,Recommended,307670,33134402,Posted: 2 July,all,JungleJollies[],"A delightful little gem.At times the controls/interface were sluggish; at times I felt myself trying to position in one place but ending up in another; and frequently, I found myself frustrated the I could run and shoot but not shoot and run. All these flaws are forgivable.The core gameplay is X-COM like. The terrain/objectives are diverse (though thematically unified). The gameplay outside combat is (though visually identical) asstoundingly diverse. Some maps focused on prospecting, others on trade and survival, others on gambling/theft, others on locating relics. The game really feels like a number of vingettes that share common elements and combat mechanics -- and this was delightful.As for the core gameplay -- the perk system, available weapons, and item loadouts, taken together with inherent character differences make for very satisfying experience. Despite a visual simalarity to the levels/enemies, the game offers a variety of combat experiences.This was a hidden gem for me. If you're into this style of game, and you're willing to forgive a lack of polish in some places, you will really enjoy this one."
,Recommended,307670,19165924,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Raven,A great Tactical RPG with a nice and fresh theme. I recomend this for anyone who like the genre.The Story format lends itself for DLC campaigns or moded stories from the comunity.
,Recommended,307670,22821904,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,SN4KE_PL1SSK3N,"If you like XCOM but you're tired of its constant neverendingness, this game is for you...If you like Dead Man (with Johnny Depp), The Quick and the Dead (Sam Raimi), and Good, Bad and the Ugly (with Clint.), this game is for you...If you want to lose the next 32 hours of your life to a hellish, far west nightmare... this game is for you.10/10 would drop XCOM like a bag of dirt, again."
76561197990088088,Recommended,307670,32516715,Posted: 17 June,all,Urbanoutdoorsman,"Story, gameplay, and visual style all sell the world of Hard West.It's the Deadwood meets Constantine."
,Recommended,307670,19435560,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Lord Adorable,"Good tactical combat, excelent use of the theme. Love the narration, recommended here for certain."
,Recommended,307670,19162228,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,IX,"A western RPG with the occult, demons, and turn-based combat?Yes please.I give it an 'Oh ♥♥♥♥ is that the time already, maybe I should call in sick tomorrow...' / 10"
76561197960532529,Recommended,307670,19163040,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,KELLYAHN,"A nice litte game!It deserves a lot more attention than what is has already been given. The game itself is brilliant for what it is. Its a mix of the XCOM turnbased combat and the old Desperado games, sneaking around or going all in guns blazing! You will probably love the story if you have watched even the slightest of Supernatural or Jonah Hex.7/10"
76561198256060867,Recommended,307670,19181625,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Motetta,"This game has it's own character. The two different ways of playing (tactical combat missions and world map story telling) are a big part of this character. So, potential interested player, be warned: This is a story heavy game and you will do a lot of reading (or skipping and missing out on a big part of the game). There is only one voice actor, though considering the price tag, this should not surprise anybody. The rest is up to you.The tactical missions seem all doable and with a little bit of trial and error, quite manageable. The character abilites (gained via the interesting card system) can have a huge influence on the way fights take. The weapons get quite strong during the game, some might be even overpowered (a rifle doing 13 damage, while most enemies have 3-6 hitpoints). The cover system is quite important for surviving and the AI seems to try to flank you, so movement is important. Once you are used to the controls, it plays really well. A lot of people seem to be upset about the missing overwatch ability on player characters (the AI has something like that). But you don't really need it. The moment I realised that my characters don't have such an ability, I adapted and changed my tactics. No problem.The world map part, that contains most of the story, is ok. You move from one point of interest to the next, though most of the time you can decide to take detours befor going to the marked point to continue the story. There are many choices to be made and they might even influence the tactical missions. Each time you reach a point of interest, there is something to read and sometimes quite a lot. There are some riddles and each scenario has it's own special way of progressing, though it is not too hard to figure out. I'd like to see a change to the UI though. Because there is a lot of stuff happening from time to time that shows up in the lower left corner. You get notified that something has happened to a character, you gained an object or money. And sometimes it is too much that shows too fast.I really like the story and the way it is presented. The idea of using only half of the scenarios for the main story and framing it with an equal amount of other scenarios is interesting, though it shifts the focus away from the protagonist. Character development happens only within a scenario and the story. You have to start again with every scneario, though there is a mechant travelling from scenario to scenario that sells some items, that you aquired in previous scenarios. The card system really helps to tailor the characters you have in the way you want to have them. Every character can use every weapon and every ability, allthough they start with different stats and injuries or story events might alter those further.The savepoint mechanic is. what it is. I'd like to be able to save when I have to leave due to real live issues. Other than that, I can live with the approach of accepting the consequences of your choices. In a certain way it fits the story. The game is quite taxing for the GPU. I had to activate V-sync to not feel like sitting next to a plane. The fans were working really hard. I have read, that the game tries to give you as high FPS as possible. This might be the issue. There are some black screens and long loading times from time to time. This might be fixed in a patch, we will have to wait and see.TL:DR: The game is well worth the $20."
,Recommended,307670,34790352,Posted: 7 September,all,MiG-21bis Fishbed-L,"A textbook ""Get on sale"" kind of game.Hard West is a case of amazing ideas executed good enough. That's really how this game can be described: Good enough.It's turn-based strategy game, akin to the rebooted XCOMs. The setting and story? Easily the best part. This is the old west with demons and it works so damn well.The gameplay is solid, save for the meta game. The meta game is beyond forgettable. The actual strategic game play? It's pretty good. It's no XCOM, but it's stilll great.At the end of the day, this is in no way, shape, or form a bad game. It's just going to seem like old hat if you've played XCOM.I can still recommend it."
76561197993782673,Not Recommended,307670,23005109,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,June_Cleaver,"This game has potential, but it's not ready yet. It should be listed as early access. I've played for less than two hours and already encountered several baffling bugs which makes me think there's been minimal playtesting on the game.I played the tutorial, and it was sufficient to teach me combat basics. But after the first fight, I was dumped into the overworld map and told to ""mine until your licenses run out"". Huh? So I start jumping to each spot, spending money on one of three confusing options, until I found an herbalist selling healing herbs. I bought the herbs and distributed them to my characters, only to find I was now stuck. I had mined all the $15 mining options and now needed $40 to mine deeper. But I had less than $40, and there was no trading post yet, so I couldn't even sell something to get the remaining money to continue. Only option was to restart the game...So the next time I played, I didn't do the tutorial, but still had to watch and listen to the narrator telling the story. I couldn't skip it. Back on the overland map, I made sure to click on things in the right order. There's really no strategy to it, other than making sure you leave enough money to pay for the lowest mining operation you have access to. Once I discovered this, the overland map was just a chore: ""Check off the boxes in the right order or restart the game!""Eventually, I found Florence and she was added to my party as another main character. She had her own derringer, and I gave her a card that provided shrieking ability. I was starting to get into the game despite it's flaws. But it was getting late, and there was a big fight coming up with the Mexican crime lord, so I decided to exit.The next morning, I fired up the game and ""loaded from last checkpoint"". I headed straight to the fight with the Mexican crime lord. But on the setup screen, Florence wasn't in my party anymore. What the hell? Her derringer was in my inventory, as well as the card I'd given her. But she was no where to be found. I thought, okay...I'll exit out and reload the last checkpoint again, maybe it's just a glitch. I couldn't hit ESC from the character screen, so I went into the card screen and hit ESC, and quit to main menu. When I loaded from last checkpoint though, the Mexican crime lord fight was now RESOLVED, and a couple of NEW PLACES opened on the map! WTF?For some reason, the game had assumed I succeeded in the last combat with the Mexican, even though I NEVER EVEN ENTERED the combat. And Florence (a main character) was still gone. And worse yet, this jacked-up mess was now my new save ""checkpoint"", so I can NEVER go back and actually fight the Mexican OR get Florence back. Only option? Restart the whole thing again...So, two hours into the game and there are glaring playtesting oversights. And I'm not the only one who's noticed these issues and reported them - a quick search turned up other reviews and discussions. Until the game is playtested and patched, I can't recommend it.Some things I liked:+ The poker card mechanic is actually pretty cool. I liked trying to make ""hands"" with my cards to get extra buffs for characters.+ The art style is nice. Kinda cartoony and painterly, but still gritty.+ The combat is pretty fun. I especially liked the ricochet shot, even though there was no tutorial explaining it. Very neat and fitting, though.Other annoyances:- Can't zoom out on the overworld map. The camera is way too close to the ground.- Checkpoints. I can't tell when the game is saving, or what it's saving. I never saw a save indicator.- Can't skip narrator's storytelling, which is frustrating since you have to re-load due to bugs so many times.- AI seems to always know where I'm at. They are able to make a bee-line straight toward me, even if I'm hiding."
,Recommended,307670,23390558,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Dallorian,This was a great game and a nice ride to watch the old west type story with a twist(s). Recommended for anyone who likes turn based and wants play a mild challenging game while in a great old west flick
76561198063978226,Recommended,307670,23819662,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Harpuka,"Hard west, I had never really played any turn based games before and the thought of a ""western"" based idea sounded great.I found the gameplay quite enjoyable and challenging to start with, but after a few hours I developed a better understanding of tactics.The transitional world exploration could have done with a bit more fleshing out for me. It didn't draw me into the story as I hoped it would and I found myself just clicking randomly to get through areas.As stated in other reviews I came back after puting in a solid session to find that my mission progress had disappeared...to say I was slightly annoyed was an understatement. The thought of grinding through the same missions ultimately broke me and I moved on to XCOM2.I may be back, but not anytime. Still worth a buy, but if on sale...."
76561198030719001,Not Recommended,307670,33035015,Posted: 30 June,all,Elenhil,"Cannot recommend the game for fans of tactical combat. A shame, really, as the model itself is pretty fun to play. Still, even the combat side has certain flaws, mainly due to some of the cards (abilities) trumping the tactical side (I'm talking of Shadow Cloak+Equalizer[+healing items]+Scream).But the greatest disappointment lies in the overall disintegrated gameplay. Somewhere down the middle of the game simply couldn't care to continue. Yes, I'm talking about the play-the-real-badguy scenario where you're suddenly forced to play the devil's adv--- inquisitor and spend your time repeatedly (like, 6 or 9 times) throwing money at the locals to then indulge in a bit of text torture. Great gameplay, yeah. It's not even a fun bad guy, mind you. And you can't play the rest of the 'story' branch unless you successfully murder every target (including the guy you played as in the previous scenario) in this one."
,Recommended,307670,24457917,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,llsullivan,"I enjoyed that different scenarios have different rules and game mechanics.  The fights can get tough if you don't plan well, which makes it that much more fun."
,Not Recommended,307670,19167927,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,[Rufus]Alphabet,"Bought it because I really enjoyed X-com, but the inability to save during missions and the lack of any defensive abilities result in mission failures and tedious replays.IE: Mission is almost over, last enemy just runs up in the middle of your team in no cover, shoots & kills one of them which had full health point blank- ""Mission failed character X cannot die. Restart from beginning. """
76561198302953671,Not Recommended,307670,26393900,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,eddiecest,"I was expecting more out of the game. I love Western themes, and having a supernatural mood in the game really caught my interest but I was hoping the game was going to be a little more open world instead of following certain patterns, for instance that you need to mine this place or you cant move on, or that you need to get this item for this person or the game doesnt advance. There is one mission where there is no way of succeeding, which I hate. I'd rather they make it hard to succeed, but not that you fail no matter what just to stick with the narrative. And the few times you can make decisions, it's either the right one and you continue or the wrong one and its game over, instead of it being more grey and that the story can go in so many different ways."
76561198084894878,Recommended,307670,31229367,Posted: 18 April,all,oatmealmoustache,"This is one of my new favorite games. The atmosphere is unique (makes me wish there were more games in ""weird west"" settings) and it has a really good comic book feel.Personally I thought the combat was a lot of fun and very satisfying. It's too bad there isn't more replay value but the stories were fun and interesting so I'm happy with it. If there's a sequel I'd definitely buy it.If you're really agonizing over the decision of whether to buy this game, go download the xcom demo. Then imagine if it was in the wild west and you were using pistols and shotguns and stuff. You'll have a pretty good idea of Hard West."
76561198004194038,Recommended,307670,28367542,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,psedach,"A wonderful little gem. If you crank up the difficulty and the 'customizations' before each game, you can make it X-COM difficult.What makes it wonderful is the fact that it CAN be very casual. The story, graphics and writing are wonderful. Its turn based so you're relaxed and get to follow along with the events that happen to the characters. Really it is a little like 'Oregon Trail', except more linear.I beat the main game in less than 8 hours (and there's a side story that may take another 4?) and for 10$ this is a huge value and a ton of fun! Highly polished title.A play through with normal is a little bit too easy (but its ok if you're a casual gamer). Partially because the AI uses some non-sensical strategies.For instance, AI always tries to be under cover and not flanked. So simply by running behind an opponent you can make them run to a new position and waste their turn.This is silly because one of the easiest strategies in this game is to run up directly to someone and hit them with a high damage weapon and 100% chance to hit. Because you can take two actions a turn this strategy is relatively easy to pull of reproducibly if you make the enemy come to you."
76561197997856677,Recommended,307670,22288882,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Teh Kitteh,"This is an excellent game. 9/10 easily. Very polished, great tactical gameplay. I seem some similarities to X-Com in that its a top down turn-based strategy game, but it's by no means ""a clone.""This game could easily be more than $19.99. If I paid $39.99 for this, I'd feel good about it. I've put about 6-8 hours into it and I'm through 2.5 scenarios. Great combat, weapons, and storyline. The setting / voice acting really adds to it.Some people bashed it because there isn't a heavy RPG element to the game. But there is.The game has one of the coolest equipment / skill / combat systems I've seen. There are a multitude of factors that will modify your character. Based on choices you make, you will get certain perks / disadvantages. You will also reveal ""cards"" - this is how you give characters specific skills. Each character gets a hand of cards they can equip which bestows certain skills / perks to the character for example, being able to consume bodies to gain health. If you combine cards into hands, eg full house, four of a kind, etc. you will get additional attribute modifiers.Some skills work in sunlight, some work in darkness. For example, there is a card that makes you invisible in shadows / darkness. Very cool strategic element to the gameplay.Cover game mechanics are excellent, so flanking and tactics will almost always win vs. brute force. It is really the type of game where if you run out in the open, you will likely get one or two shotted.You can only see enemies if they're in your line of sight or if they make noise. However, lighting can reveal shadows of enemies hiding. Never seen this in a game before.Your luck rating is how you activate some skills. If someone shoots you and misses, you lose luck. If they hit you, you gain luck. The more luck you have, you can dodge hits (eg, if your luck is low, then you have a higher chance of getting hit). This all happens automatically. So everything you do has a tradeoff - this is pretty much the core concept of the game.So basically, this game offers almost a dozen modifiers to your playing style at any given moment and has elements that most AAA games don't include.Some reviews said that the non-combat ""game world"" seems like it was quickly put together. I agree the first scenario is a little lackluster. However, after an hour or so and especially in the other scenarios, the non-combat gameworld feels very polished. The majority of the storyline happens here including player choices to the story.Overall, excellent game. Will 100% buy the expansion. Certainly a steal for anyone who likes tactical games like Wasteland, Fallout Tactics, X-Com (though no super weird close-ups) but in a new Western meets The Devil setting."
76561197970914630,Recommended,307670,19597806,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Elth,"I love this game, it's Wild West meets Lovecraft with a grim supernatural feeling to it.   The turn-based combat is great and the card system provides plenty of options, but it's the setting that I love most of all."
76561198091361601,Recommended,307670,19776668,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Gib,"Set in the Old West, Hard West is a turned based strategy game in a similar vein to the XCOM series. The story follows a father and son troubled by the loss of their wives, following their respective paths to redemption. The storyline is interesting and with plenty of mini-mission in level there is a great deal of playability in this game.The is a good collection of items and buffs to be had, and with a card based power-up system there are many different skill and power-up option available for your various team members.Overall an enjoyable game with good replay value - recommended."
,Recommended,307670,19968761,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Wistfane,"Hard west is truly a breath of fresh air into turn based RPGs and video games as a whole. The care and consideration that went into this is immidiately apparent.The setting is truly unique( at least in my expereince). Old school western mixed with  superstitious heebee-jeebie folklore and a zest of steampunk(just a pinch) to make it all to come together. The art style speaks volumes about the people and athe setting.From the glassy eyed undertaker to the intense features of the inqusitor a lot can be said about a character just by looking at him.The sound design also reflects this. Sound design is appropriate and passable but fails to impress. Its aparent the devs were aiming for something like Call of Juarez Gunslinger but came short of the mark.The stories are engaging but fail at a long lasting apeal due to their brisk pace and short nature. There is also zero character interaction which missed the necesaricy peaks and valley for a good story.The gameplay is standart top down turn based rpg ala fallout or baldurs gate or xcom but the game manages ot carve out a unique niche for it self with the unique mechancis that it provides. Addtitions like magic poker card bonuses and different items as well unique abilites like ricochet shots ( you dont know how satifying it is to ricochet a shot off a few surfaces to reach a hidden foe)The game has a very fair difficulty curve but not without typical annoyances of the genre. Imporbable luck based occurances, wonky enemy ai to name a few. The game is also lacks a player given safe feature and intead opts for a checkpoint system. This dont not work i nthe games favor. Some of of the longer scenarios are especially difficult on higher difficulties and the game is unfortunately not too stable. A liberal saving option could remedy that but the devs deserve a special place in hell for when doing a bank mission I was all but done and the game decided to crash as I clicked the ''end mission button'' nesesitating a complete retry.The game build a solid base that I can whole heartedly reccomend I surely hoep the devs would continue this franchise and learn their leasons for the future.Wishlist/impriovement suggestions: More voice actors, transferable loot from scenario to scenario, a few more varied settings and color palette ( too much brown plenty of places to visit and vary), maybe a fully fledged open world game with one character/party ala fallout or baldurs gate and finally flesh out the occult part of the setting. Maybe some rudimentary magic or magic weapons cursed tomahawk or devils crossbow etc."
76561198250491966,Recommended,307670,19741659,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,brady.bonney,"The only negative thing I can say about it, is some of the text is really small. Other than that, this game knocks it out of the park."
76561197983867815,Recommended,307670,19598845,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,georgebeda,"Folks, I used to hate wild-west setings. Dark stylish design and interesting story changed my mind.This game brings in very cool RPG system, however combat is above all. I love turn-based tactic games since i got Fallout 1 in 1997. Hard West combat is so cool and dynamic, that u will never get bored. No saves during combat makes u take smart desisions.I strongly reccomend this Game"
76561198001342040,Recommended,307670,19857894,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,WasabiOnMyPP,"A nice little game, around 15 hours of gameplay (give or take), with decent mechanics and a lot of potential.Feels kind of like a series of interlinked short stories in a spaghetti western setting with combat similar to X-Com but with different and new mechanics.With no multiplayer and not much in the way of branching story lines or decisions that affect the story, there isnt much replay value (other than hard mode and trying to 100% the game), so hopefully the modding community will take up the challenge and give us a 'Long War'-esque campaign.8.5/10"
76561198006734119,Recommended,307670,22714443,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,sonoflugh,"What a great game.... or is it a graphic novel you get to help create, while enjoying some nice comat (just bloody enough), or is it a chose your own-ish adventure with RPG elements, and an evolvng feel? OR is it all of them in a wonderfully creepy package? Play this gem and find out for yourself!10/10 ear necklaces.....yummy!"
76561198232014264,Recommended,307670,22469601,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,bslong23,"I like to think that this game meets the standards of a pretty decent turn-based strategy shooter.  There are many good things in this game such as the interconnecting stories, the poker card system (which determines special buffs you receive at the beginning of each battle section), and the magnificent narration.  The only problem I have with the game is that this game lacks substance like in XCOM.In the end I will recommend this game, although if you don't mind the lack of substance then you will find this to be a pretty fun expirience"
76561198032807362,Recommended,307670,22735488,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,•|•Berasedi•|•,"Hard West is a nice, solid game.It's like x-com or Jagged Alliance, set in Western and  Demonic surroundings.Like x-com it has a nice campaign split into scenarios wich can be played seperatly. Wich is kind of interesting, cause every secario has a couple of hours playtime and tells another part of the main story.Graphics and controls ar ok, and no useless, expensive dlc politics from this developer, wich I think is good.So all in all I would recommend Hard West if you want a nice little Soloplayer Game with nice story for a good price."
76561198028705635,Recommended,307670,22733181,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Baldie,"The really cool mood and feel of the Deadlands PnP-game mixed with the tactical combat from the new XCOM-games, this game a great buy for fans of either brand, and a must-have for fans of both (like me :).The combat i tough, but fair. The story is really good. And the way the game doesn't allow you to save-scum, but at the same time doesn't punish you for making small mistakes, makes the whole experience a lot smoother than many other games where you often end up loading if you make a minor mistake, even if you didn't really need to.Thoroughly enjoyable game fully worth it's asking-price!"
76561197994007641,Not Recommended,307670,35367196,Posted: 30 September,all,Bucky O Hare,"I just can't recommend this. I really, really wanted to like it. I love the wild west, I love supernatural, and I love tactical, but this game is just too confused for its own good.As others have said, everything is divided in scenarios. Unfortunately, the scenarios are short (1-2 hours), so just as you really get rolling and interested in it, it ends. Then nothing you did in the previous ones carry over. The cool guns? The characters? The snazzy equipment? Were you buying and using alcohol to raise your characters Max HP? None of that matters. 1-2 hours and you start from scratch.The other problem with starting from scratch is by Scenario 3, I just didn't care anymore. The characters disappear, the plot is jumbled and confusing (scenario 1 is you as a miner fighting cowboys, scenario 2 is you as ghost rider fighting demons - I'm not joking), and it just takes away all enjoyment when you know none of it matters.The luck system is also a pretty huge failure, as it makes it nearly impossible to figure out when you can hit. It might say you have a 60% chance, but I tested this 10 times against one enemy, and I missed every time. Luck will ultimately decide whether or not you hit.You also can't take back moves, so you if you accidentally click a space, there goes your character, walking to their death.    As a huge fan of tactical games, they really took out a lot of the tactical things and strategy. They could have done a lot with medium, short, and long range guns and party members that excel at them and making you fight a variety of enemies with specialities. Ultimately, nearly everyone gets a six-shooter and a longer range gun and it doesn't matter. Why is my shotgun better at hitting a guy 12 spaces away than my pistol? I have no idea. The game said so.The final nail in the coffin is that each scenario has its own gimmick, but those gimmicks are the ENTIRE scenario. So scenario 1 is all about gold mining (which is pointless, you discover. I had 1300 gold at the end of it with nothing to spend it on and none of it transferred). Scenario 2 is just about ruthlessly murdering people, and Scenario 3 is... a trading game. Yes. It's a trading game. You need to buy goods from one store at a low price and sell them at a higher price later. Also the game suddenly introduces a hunger mechanic for no reason.I can't emphasize enough how confusing and frustrating this is for a player. I liked being a miner - I really did - and just as I got used to it, it changed. Then I was a spirit of vengeance - okay, complete 180, but I went with it. Then a trading sim? That isn't what I signed up for, and it not only wasn't what I wanted, it was really poorly done. It wasn't intuitive how to figure out prices, who to sell them to, or when.A great idea gone completely to waste."
76561198084904690,Recommended,307670,28522750,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,dinosROAR,"If you love the x-com games you'll like hard west. It isn't as deep RPG wise as xcom, but it has a very interesting story line and fun game play. It is really short though so I recommend you buy it on sale."
,Recommended,307670,28134779,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,elk,An Xcom like turn based strategy game with episodic scenirios and subtle plot altering decisions.Pros:-- This game is hard- This game is set in the wild west- I love the Cards and Organs (DLC) pre battle options- Gripping plots- Combat injuries and scars affect on character performance.Con:-- For the DLC you cant add or remove mods (variables) that affect combat like the vanilla scenirios which is a let down for me because the DLC scenirio is much harder than the orginal game while it reduces its playability- The tutorial is limited- Character textures look bland when you zoom in which is a shame becuase I like the western theme setting and the character portrate art.- No skirmish No horde mode & No multiplayer reducing the replayability value of the game.Overall this is a sucessful crowd funded game.
76561198009773620,Recommended,307670,30347150,Posted: 5 March,all,Yuri,"The gameplay is Xcom with a twist. The setting is ""Once upon a time in the West"" meets Cthulhu.If either or both speak to you, go for it !"
76561197993715865,Recommended,307670,33107845,Posted: 1 July,all,The_Pike,"Excellent game, well worth £4.77!It's basically Xcom in the Wild West, but follows a few ""scenarios"" rather than one main plot (I like this fact).If you want to get attached to a character; look elsewhere.If you want a nice challenge and like your gaming casual - this is for you.Graphics - 8/10Audio - 8/10 (Voiceover guy is class)Gameplay - 8/10Buy it without question!"
76561198076346059,Recommended,307670,19277697,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,E.C. Mann,"Hard West, developed by CreativeForge Games, is a turn based strategy RPG set in a brutal and unforgiving period where a man’s life is worth less than a wad of chewing tobacco; The Wild West. You’ll play as a series of poor souls who were unlucky enough the cross paths with the Devil himself. Overcoming the hardships and tortures of life is only a meager victory compared to the supernatural horrors plaguing the West.Now, before anything, I think it’s safe to say that Hard West has rightfully taken its place on my list of favorite turn based strategy games. It draws some clear inspiration from X-COM, yet it’s nothing close to a copycat. This game is entirely fresh and adds its own little spins to the genre.So, as you’d expect, gameplay is pretty solid. Players are equipped with a limited amount of actions, which are spent on movement, the consumption of an item, or attacking. The game offers a series of abilities which can either be purchased or found randomly as you traverse the ruined landscapes. The combination of 1800’s lifestyle and demonic upbringings is not something I’ve seen before in a game, so the results are… surprising: Anything from fanning your revolver to controlling the powers of Satan is available to you.Also, Hard West has a more lenient feel to it, opposed to other turn based strategy games. It's hard to explain it properly, but maneuvering my characters and setting up flanking positions and whatnot felt so fluid to me. You can utilize almost every inch of the battleground to their favor, and the variety of ways to win a fight is staggering.As for cons, one thing is SERIOUSLY irking me, and I’ve noticed a fair amount of other reviews bring this up, too. There is no checkpoint/save system when in combat. Fights could last a very long time, depending on the player’s strategies, and if a main character is killed nearing the end of a battle by some stray bandit, you’ve gotta start ALL OVER again. This has happened to me a handful of times, and I could only quench my rage by shutting the game down and taking a break.Secondly, I've encountered a bug when the enemy is taking their turn in a battle. Sometimes... they just wont do anything, and I end up locked on the 'ENEMY'S TURN' screen. Had to restart a single battle three times before it finally fixed itself. This game's issues are few, but damn, they can be annoying.I really hope the devs patch this bug, but apart from those gripes, I'm really loving this game.If you want an intense and addictive turn based strategy game with a hint of satanic horror, Hard West is the place to go."
76561198040811698,Recommended,307670,20576213,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Darkclaw3050,Highly recommended for fans of turn-based tactics games. Definitely worth getting on a sale!+Weird West setting+Death himself voices narration+Good visuals and UI/controls+Unique combat skills/poker system and luck system+Good variety of weapons and 'armor'/accessories+Several mini-campaigns with their own story arcs and characters+Unique overworld mechanics for each campaign+3 difficulty settings plus optional Iron Man-Individual campaigns are fairly short-No saving in combat
76561197981630136,Recommended,307670,19157749,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Sodium Chloridah,"Really fun game with solid mechanics, enjoying."
76561198216111499,Recommended,307670,26094400,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,LegoAirplane,i love this game... if your a fan of XCOM 2 this game is very similar and im totally loving the Western Theme
76561198005444839,Recommended,307670,19243922,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,William_Dracul,"- Tactical, turn and squad based quasi-RPG.- Set in an indeterminate place and time but in the Weird West.- Absurd weapons (yet still many of them are real).- 90% (citation needed) of the characters are psychotic murderers. You get to form a posse with them.- Cannibalism, half-dead half-alive people, a demon with a guard of women exclusively.- You can slaughter settlements or work peons to death.- You get to control a Hellbent Spanish Inquisitor.- YOU GET TO CONTROL A HELLBENT SPANISH INQUISITOR!9/10 (because there is no nudity)."
76561198006669987,Recommended,307670,23163003,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,[Heretic]Rivga,"One word - Stylish,The Atmosphere and story, greatly enhanced by the narrator, is well worth the price of this game.  If you enjoyed the new Shadowrun (turn based) games then you certainly should check this smart western out.The game play is for the most part you basic turn based affair, but it is solid and certainly does not get boring.  And has an acceptable RPG system, to enhance and customise you characters with, if they do another game this would be an area I'd hope gets enhanced.Follows the a few different story arc's but each is as good as the last, and the whole Western occult thing is such a great and for gaming terms unique setting.  (I am told there is a genre of Western Occult literature, but its the first I've ever heard about it).All in all I am left wanting more, a lot more if possible!"
,Recommended,307670,25173603,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dude Cakes,"Great game if you loved playing XCOM or Final Fantasy Tactics. This is a cool game, story is kinda meh, gameplay is great though. Def buy this one when its on sale (also play with the keyboard, controller just takes really long to do things.)"
76561198057333012,Recommended,307670,29647938,Posted: 2 February,all,Capn Yoaz,"This game is hard and rewarding.  You play like x-com during battles, but its more of an instance map where you go around trying to mine gold and gear yourself out before you have combat missions.  The entire game outside of combat is all point-click with text choice/decisions.  Don't get me wrong the tactical combat is the meat and potatos here.  You'll have a lot of restarts because you need to plan every move down to the T, and once you understand the mission you feel like the baddest cowboy ever!"
,Recommended,307670,28356387,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Sandelier,"Now I'm far from finished with this game, I just bought it and tried it without knowing what I'm getting myself into. 2 hours in and I'm enjoying this game so far!From the very first look I really liked it. The graphic and western settings reminds me of the good old Desperados game, only difference being that this game contains demons and is turn-based. This is also one of the first turn-based games I've ever played since I usually don't like them, however thanks to all the surroundings and story etc it keeps me wanting to play.Definitely recommending trying this game out if you played Desperados, or if you generally like western-styled games/games with demons in it."
76561198012135783,Recommended,307670,31271271,Posted: 21 April,all,Uunivompatti,"Makes me rage as with in XCOMLove the setting and story, 8/10Game didnt give offical opportunity to slam my boot in Cervantes a**  as another character, which makes me quite irritatedPaid 5 e from sale, would been worth the 20 e it normally asks"
76561197976922775,Recommended,307670,24911738,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,fire4breath,"dope game so far, challenging yet quick to learn. love the setting and the turn based action is fun. some role playing aspects as well as u get to choose your own path/things to do."
76561198025484869,Recommended,307670,31276394,Posted: 21 April,all,Bluetentuete,Good game with turnbased Combatsystem.Simple enough for anyone to play and with many ways to customize your party members.Great for anyone who wants do dive into the world of the Wild West.Pros:- Voiceacting (Englisch)- Grafik Gameplay/Cutscenes- Artstyle- Combatsystem (Using the environment is really fun)- Setting/Story (Wild West mixed with Demons and evil things)positive for me maybe not for everyoneCons:- Storywriting (the writing lacks some creativity)
76561197997916366,Recommended,307670,32534664,Posted: 18 June,all,Moondawg,"Highly recomended game for all srategy lovers. The gameplay alone is outstanding and I would love to see more in this engine. Perhaps with in civil war era with melee and cannons, bigger groups etc. Would pay, will play: 9/10"
76561198019491953,Recommended,307670,30124272,Posted: 23 February,all,Bullet_ninja,"What do you get when you cross Xcom with Spaghetti Westerns? Hard West!It's fun, great graphic, cool mechanics and a decent story!Play this if you like westerns and turn based games."
76561197970615776,Recommended,307670,29950930,Posted: 15 February,all,PT-Eclipse,"This game was fantastic. Hits that Xcom note, but with such style and amazing art direction. I enjoyed how they mixed it up with every story to incorporate a different mini game in the map."
76561198052982921,Recommended,307670,30072097,Posted: 20 February,all,Daikataro,"So, first things first, yes the game DOES feel somewhat XCOM-ish, considering that's pretty much the gold standard to measure tactical turn-based combat games these days.That said, Hard West does more than enough to diferentiate itself from the alien onslaught. First of all, there is no overwatch; not at all for the player, and only a very limited ""fire to what's close"" for the enemies, that doesn't even trigger unless they have vision of you, which is pretty good. The cards system gives character customization a very refreshing approach, specially when you must consider the benefits of a poker hand (passive stat upgrade) versus the individual effects of the cards. Speaking of them, they feel rather unique and authentic and oddly... VERY wild west like. Abilities like chain kill offer an interesting (if surreal) explanation to those legendary shooters who could bring down four men before they even had the chance to draw their guns, or the unexplainably lucky man who, no matter how much you shot at him, no bullet seemed to be able to hit him; they really feel like an integral part of the story.The story is pretty well thought and developed and, despite the benefactor and villain being a generic ""the devil"", you learn to quickly forgive it, given how well the premise is ran and how well the story blends. Guns are also very well done, even if some are plain and simply garbage when compared to their straight up upgrades (six shooter, western rifle, even ""The Judicator"" is crap considering it's a named weapon), most weapons offer interesting tradeoffs, like more damage for an acuraccy penalty, or one single shot, with 100% acuraccy.Game is definitely worth its current price and, if it's for sale don't hesitate for a second and grab it, you won't regret it."
76561198026819102,Recommended,307670,32991639,Posted: 29 June,all,Skarred,"i had so much fun playing this, turn based combat similar to xcom but with an awesome amount of random abilities and perks coupled with a really interesting story, several days of play time on your first run through and definate replay value. it does have a lot of annoying crashes and freezes though which is a bit of a pain but all in all highly recommended for the $5 they are charging"
76561198310972714,Recommended,307670,33746155,Posted: 23 July,all,NotUrAverageLlama,"Good game.  A little cartoony at times, but the overall feel of the game is amazing.  The turn-based tactics are fun.  The mechanics of combat are unique and force you to really think if you want to take that shot or retreat and reload.  Definitely different from other games like XCOM.  And for the cherry on top, the paranormal theme to the game just takes it to a whole new level.  Fantastic!9/10"
76561197970507286,Recommended,307670,22367931,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,kmekanik,"GREAT game.  Refreshingly rich and varied story.  Great mechanics.  Good graphics.  Different in a lot of good ways.If you are a fan of this genre (turn based tactical rpg), you WILL like this game.  No question."
76561198040464513,Recommended,307670,34297442,Posted: 16 August,all,sgtjojoe,"If you like X-Com, you should enjoy this.  The luck system is pretty cool and the cards that you get that modify your character's abilities are fun to mess around with.  It's not perfect - there are some actions I literally never take because I don't want to waste a turn doing something other than shooting at my enemy.  It is also kind of short but I found myself coming back to this game.  It's well worth $20 and if you can find it on sale, definitely snatch it up!  I love the Lovecraftian/Wild West vibe this game gives off and consider it a hidden gem!"
76561198029087673,Recommended,307670,35118232,Posted: 21 September,all,swordfish,"I have been waiting for a well written western. This game seems to have just that.Good back story, characters you care about, they even evolve over time and youget to in many ways determin their fate.Combat is in the form of a good strategy turn based game, cover and decisionsmake a difference. There are a few positive twists that make the combatspecial each time. I will not go into them out of fear of spoiling the game.If anyone is like I was, waiting for a good western PC game to come aroundThis is what you have been waiting for!It is on a great sale price right now so act quicly and grab it and it's DLC.You can't go wrong for about $6.00. Even a movie at the theatre wouldcost you a lot more than that and this allows for breaks to get somethingto drink without losing your place!So, what are you waiting for? Give it a Shot!p.s. fo those complaining you can't save.. Well you can underoptions in the game menu. However saving feels like cheating.."
76561198009102083,Recommended,307670,30105596,Posted: 22 February,all,jorre.holland,"Unexpectedly delightfull.Firstly, I love the combat mechanics. You've got a health bar, and you've got a luck bar, and shots fired that miss you deplete your luck (the easier the shot that missed, the more luck depletes), untill your luck litteraly runs out (squee) and you get hit anyway. But getting hit replenishes your luck and since luck also fuels your special powers, that might just be what your pinned down and out of luck character needed to pull some miracle special action off.There's a cover system, and while getting shot at in the open may be a one or two hit kill, getting shot at in hard cover not only makes you a lot harder to miss, but also greatly reduces damage. It really lends itself to those iconic western siege shootouts and you'll constantly be trying to flank your enemy (or trying to prevent them flanking you).Then, there's the card decks you can assign to your characters that give you special powers. You assemble them over the missions, and they are actualy playing cards, and assembling poker hands gives you additional bonusses to health, speed, etc.All in all, it's absolutely awesome and absolutely fits the wild west meets lovecraft theme they got going on.There's a ton of campaigns with intertwining stories, and each campaign throws a twist at you. In one, you're trying to tally up as much damage as you can, in another you're trying to make ends meet by doing some light trading, etc. Not all work equally well, but it does set a different tone to each one.During the campaigns, you get little interactive text-based encounters that often offer multiple solutions and add a lot of flavor to the story lines.It is not a big budget title though, so it doesn't have tripple A production values. There's no cut scenes, some of the voice acting is a bit iffy (although at other times it is spot on), you see some asset re-use, and the AI is a bit hit and miss although for the most part it does seem to be aware that fragile characters should work from cover and tries to do that. On the other hand, the robustness of the combat mechanics and the obvious love gone in to it for me more than made up for the rough edges.Recommended."
76561198106982307,Recommended,307670,30732866,Posted: 25 March,all,BingBangBoosh,"Long and short: Decent game. If you like XCOM, you will probably like this.Pros:-Varied overworld chapter mechanics keep each chapter from being repetitive.-Unlocking more powerful items and weapons for purchase by making the right choices in each chapter gives a sense of retained level progression, even though no leveling system exists.-Satisfying sound design and voice acting.-Refined (improved) cover mechanic from other XCOM-style games.-Interesting story.Cons:-Unpolished. Typos in the text and bugs in late game quests even a year after release. Rare glitches that require quitting and re-entering.-Uninteresting NPCs.At the end of the game, NPCs from previous chapters reappear. This would be awesome if I cared one bit about any of them.-Mass Effectish endings.There are three potential routes to end the game. Two of the three lead to the exact same ending and the third gives an ending that is very similar in terms of tone.-I might need to pay for therapy after how depressing this game's story was."
,Recommended,307670,19353781,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Brackish,"Plenty of great reviews out there for this game's pros/cons, finished this game up tonight and I want more.Just don't get bogged down in some of the world map stuff.  Each scenario has its own focus, so don't think you will need to worry about maxing that mining capability or learning the whole economy/trading system.  Figuring out the puzzles like the vault codes, treasure locations, and other time consuming problem solving is usually worth it though."
76561197970293432,Recommended,307670,19323320,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Abecedarius Rex,"I was a little hesitant to buy this game after reading some of the reviews about the lack of persistence, lack of player overwatch, and enemies running up point blank. However, for me, this appeared to be blown out of proportion. Let's review those criticisms first.Lack of PersistenceThis is part of the game mechanics, essentially. The game features various abilities, items, and statuses. Each scenario, you start with a certain set of these. A lot of times the starting circumstances are thematic. Personally, it was enjoyable to rebuild your posse's abilities, and try new combinations of abilities and gear.OverwatchBasically, the enemy gets a circle, that if you enter, you will get shot automatically. The player does not. First, this is to prevent the PLAYER from running up point blank and shooting the enemy. Secondly, you are smarter than the AI, so it needs aids like this to keep the challenge. Third, it helps the ""puzzle"" aspect of tactics. Manuevering is extremely important in this game, so the overwatch zones challenge you to think about how you want combat to move, and how you are going to flank.Enemy Point BlankThis almost never happened to me. I think what it might be, is the AI trying to position, then coming around a corner very close to one of your characters. Instead of backtracking to cover, like you might do, the AI instead takes a shot that is likely to hit, and does full damage (as cover reduces damage). Usually, the way this occured for me was the AI running out into the open at medium range from my characters. My characters luck (a form of expendable defense) usually protected them from these attacks, which resulted in the AI enemy getting gunned down, sans cover.OK, onto the review...THE GOODCombat mechanics - Imagine the typical tried and true XCOM mechanics, plus a few twists, and it moves faster (only 1-2 hits to kill your average guy). First, you have LUCK, which causes enemy shots to miss, but then depletes in proportion to their hit chance (in other words, the better the shot, the more luck is burned off to protect your character). When a character uses certain items, or gets hit, they regen luck. Luck is also spent to perform certain special abilities, meaning you have to choose between defense and (typically) offense. Secondly, if you have partial cover you take less damage... and full cover even less (and the same for the enemy).RPG Mechanics - This was really enjoyable. Your character does not level up, but instead gets weapons, usable items, a talisman, and playing cards. This last one is really important. Your characters can have up to 5 cards equipped. Each provides a passive bonus, some provide and active bonus, and (here's my favorite part) if you can arrange a type of poker hand (like 2 of kind, full house, straight, etc.) you get additional passive bonuses. These, combined with your characters natural stats, and equipped gear allow you to create awesome combos.Level Design - The levels are great. They are complex enough to provide a variety of strategy. The best part is that most missions have some sort of objective to complete, and a lot of them have secondary objectives that give you bonuses. Lastly, certain missions start off out of combat, where your characters can sneak around the guards, completing objectives before combat even starts (which is initiated by your actions).The Campaign - First, it tells several stories, each of which help flesh out the main story line and give you an idea of what happened before, after, and during the main campaign. My favorite part was how most of the campaigns had their own system of how it worked. In one campaign you have to keep track of men and food while leading an expidition. In another you have to research different things, and use tools to track down an important quest item. It reveals how flexible the game engine really is.The World - It is a great marriage between Clint Eastwood and HP Lovecraft. I love it love it love it.THE BADLine of Sight - Every XCOM style game I have ever played suffers from this, so it's not a huge negative in my mind. However, you will find the enemy making shots you swore were impossible, or set your characters up to be behind cover when they take full damage.THE WEIRDThe writing - I didn't want to put this down as bad, even though it technically is, because it didn't stop me from enjoying the game. So, the story is great, but occassionally the writing just breezes through details. You will get lines like ""And then you used your powers to kill everyone ever."" WOT. That's not an actual line from the game, but I'm paraphrasing to illustrate these odd lines found throughout the game."
,Recommended,307670,31031388,Posted: 8 April,all,Marlock,"Turn-based strategy survival rpg on an eerie western/aztec/supersticious world where the devil is very, very real!Make the right choices and you get power, money, followers, equipment, make poor ones and get cursed, diseased, poisoned, mangled, ostracized.Do wathever you want, from protecting some innocent farmers to slaughtering, canniballizing and burning alive entire villages, but know that everything has a consequence.And no matter what you do, each step you take will rob a piece of your soul.Loved the ambientation, loved the storytelling, loved the take-cover-and-shoot run-out-of-luck-and-get-shot combat system, loved the pokercards-skilltree system. Everything is there for a reason and everything works great together. And you can rerun each chapter/scene without losing any already made progress, so its massivelly replayable.I haven't finished the game yet, but so far it is already one of the best-ever turn-based rpgs of my life and one of the best linux games i've ever played."
,Recommended,307670,19178434,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Arkata,I wish there was a zoom option and more variety in weapon skins.The narration is great and so is the aesthetic of the game.I really like their card/deck system because of the interesting perks that can be swapped around.So far so good though!
76561198141403139,Recommended,307670,19736878,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,JD_888,"A decent game with a lot of good ideas and a lot of not so good implementation. If you like XCOM and want to try something that's roughly similar, Hard WestMIGHTbe for you. I wish I could give it a neutral review.- The setting is really interesting. Wild West + demons. Why not.- Some really nice ideas, like the luck resource and abilities/bonuses granted by cards and card combinations.- It's fun for a while. Gets old fast once you know how to combine cards and abuse the weak AI.- The AI is not great. It will kill you when you make a mistake, but if you stay in cover and play carefully, it's pretty hopeless.- There's no overwatch. It works surprisingly well with how the game is set up, but it might be a huge deal for some people.- There's (basically) no RNG, even though the game shows % to hit. Missing just depletes target's luck resource, once you get hit you gain some luck back. Basically it's just another form of armor (that can also be used as a resource for abilities).- The way the game is set up is weird. You play short ""episodes"" of 3-4 battles, then lose all progress even if you use the same characters.Overall: good effort, alright game with a lot of issues, in my opinion only for people who like turn-based tactics and don't mind some huge changes from the typical rules."
76561198083060022,Recommended,307670,19706273,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Russell Murfee,"If you like games like XCom, you should enjoy this game. It is a very well designed turn based shooter.The combat is good and fun, with your usuals in there like cover and flanking and a few unconventional things like demon abilities. It is a good story so far and it gives you quite a few options.The only real negative thing I can think of is for some reason you spend a lot of time mining for gold, just for them to take it away when you begin the next scenario."
,Recommended,307670,20014381,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,mehApathy,While the game may be a little lacking in content for my liking I think it's well worth the asking price.  Fun gameplay to be had for fans of the Turn Based Strategy genre.
,Recommended,307670,28787190,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Phand,"Hard West is a small indie turn based game with interesting mechanics of luck. That I personally enjoyed very much. There is no classical RPG-like system to developing your characters abilities (assigning points and abilities when they level up). Characters do not level. But you can rather customize their stats via equipment you find or buy in a shop. Special abilities are gained through equpping poker cards that you earn as you progress though the story. What you may not like, however is the saving system. The game has system of checkpoints and saves only before and after the whole fighting ecounter is finished. So if your character dies you will have to play the whole encounter again. I would recommend this game to lovers of turn-based games, with a bit of caution because of the saving system. ;)"
76561198027590647,Recommended,307670,29749366,Posted: 6 February,all,Positive Mental Attitude,"Underrated game tbqh, fam."
76561198012128360,Recommended,307670,28738083,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Wombatia,"One of the first Westerns I ever saw all the way through was High Plains Drifter.The ghost of murdered marshal rides into town, takes over, and promptly kills and bullies his way through the town's corrupt and vile and miserable inhabitants to restore justice and a measure of peace to the town of Lago.The mixture of supernatural and the Wild West isn't just found in Hollywood movies starring Clint Eastwood. It exists in the fantastic tabletop RPG: Deadlands.And here in Hard West? We get a glimpse of that as well.Black Magic, Madness, Demons, Murderers, Cutthroats, Men of God, and the Devil himself stalk the dusty plains and prey upon the unsuspecting and the unwary.With a solid storyline that's gripping and keeps you up playing just one more scenario, and challenges that require you to think through them instead of merely charging in with your six irons blazing, this is every fight at high noon, every shootout at the OK Corral, every Western style gunfight you ever thought you wanted to see.Forget death by dysentery on the Oregon Trail, you're just as likely to wind up selling your soul as to die of acute and sudden lead poisoning in Hard West, an unforgiving but immensely rewarding game.With a solid soundtrack, and a three dimensional tactical gameplay, the game offers you a fantastic time. Add in the narration which is way above par, and you've got a winner of a game that will make you want to search out others of the same genre.It's definitely worth the normal price, but if you see it on sale, don't hesitate. Get this game."
,Not Recommended,307670,31268088,Posted: 20 April,all,Sumdomgui,"The Bad:- Glitches: Shoddy programming makes enemy and player movement very glitchy.  The issue occurs when a character ends their movement and the game engine tries to determine how the character should be standing in that square.  It'll often enter an endless loop where the character is jittering around in that square.  The only way to resolve this is to restart the mission, as there is no mid-game saving.  Missions can often be very long and you will be forced to repeat hours of progress.- No Overwatch: Enemies have an overwatch skill when you enter their small field of vision that allows them to immediately take a suprise shot at you.  You and your allies do not have the same reaction and enemies are permited to run up to you and shoot point blank without penalty.  It was a poor design choice that forces difficulty for difficulty sake.- Luck System: All characters have a pool of Luck points that swings an attacker's chance to hit in favor of the defender.  If the game tells you that you have a 95% chance to hit, it's a lie.  Luck is great in games.  But when it's as swing-y as the way Hard West implements it, you'll be more frustrated than having fun."
76561197972266460,Recommended,307670,24473300,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Twosday,"Hard West is a little known gem in the TRPG genre.None of my friends had even heard of this game when it came out, but what i got when i bought this was a great tactical rpg experience I enjoyed to the end.It has a classic turn based system, with enough interesting upgrades and mechanics to make for varied and enjoyable combat.The story is fantastic, with alot of choices to be made along the way that have a meaningful impact.This is a great game for anyone who enjoys a good turn based combat focused game."
,Recommended,307670,25485732,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Tak!,"Hard Westis an Old West-themed tactical roleplaying game.The player assumes the roles of various protagonists(and antiprotagonists)in a series of compelling, disparate chapters that eventually weave together to form a tapestry of love, loss, heroism, despair, vengeance, and salvation.The game looks and sounds great - in particular, the environments are rich and detailed without getting in the way, the soundtrack features a selection of appropriately twangy Western themes from inspiring to anxiety-enhancing to spooky, and the narration of key events is absolutely perfect. I experienced a little flickering of the visual overlays on Linux (you can move to these places in N actions, enemies have these sight lines), but otherwise everything ran well.In terms of gameplay, the player explores a world map, gradually revealing the story by participating in choose-your-own-adventure-style interactions, recruiting her posse, trading for supplies and weapons, and engaging in tense stealth missions and bloody firefights. Although combat uses traditional cover-based mechanics, it features several unique touches: shooters' accuracy is opposed by the targets' luck, which is drained when a shot misses and replenished when one hits; areas in which combat takes place are often multilevel labyrinths of run-down buildings; out-of-sight enemies can sometimes be heard or detected by their shadows; and savvy gunslingers can ricochet shots off of environmental objects to literally circumvent their enemies' cover. There's an additional clever mechanic where the player accumulates playing cards that can be distributed among her posse to award special powers - if the player uses these to form poker hands, she can bestow additional bonuses inversely proportional to each hand's probability.Hard West gives the player plenty of room to shape the story. The player can rescue posse members or sacrifice them; she can take advantage of down-on-their-luck settlers or deal squarely with them; she can respect native customs or desecrate them; she can deal with the devil or spit in his face. Most choices affect the story in larger or smaller ways, but often not in the expected manner, since only a portion of events are under the player's control.I spent about 20 hours playing through the main campaign, which included retrying a few battles - I'll likely play through it again in order to explore the boundaries of the story in different directions.If you're a fan of tactical RPGs, Call of Cthulhu, Mansions of Madness, or Shadows of Brimstone, try Hard West NOW."
,Recommended,307670,19160475,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,ImmortalCookie,"One of the best Turn based strategy games ... have only played it for like 15 mins but it is already one of my favs .. It is dark and completely unforgiving even though I'm playing it in normal difficulty  ... it is like an XCOM re-skin but in a good way ...You can take several approaches to a mission ... so replayability(I know replayability isn't a word but haven't found an alternative ) is very high ..  If you're fan of the XCOM series , you'll definitely like this game ....Also , they game is very well optimized  (runs very well on the 2015 Macbook Pro ) ..  kudos to the devs for releasing it on Mac :)"
,Not Recommended,307670,22716510,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Alexander,"Mission objective: mine the gold until the license is run out.Oh no Florence's been kidnapped. I have to go rescue her.*Crashed*-------------reopen----------------Mission objective: mine the gold until the license is run out.Oh no Florence's been kidnapped. I have to go rescue her.*Crashed*-------------reopen----------------Mission objective: mine the gold until the license is run out.Oh no Florence's been kidnapped. I have to go rescue her.*Crashed*--------------------------------------Note: plz repeat it for 10 times. Except that, it's a great game I'd recemmond. Yet the negative review is for infamous crashing problem that seems to remain unsolved."
76561198015526767,Recommended,307670,19149793,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,NIN2,Thumbs up for this game! Unforgiving and hard.
,Not Recommended,307670,25679551,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ThunderK,"Seriously, the combat system is awesome, but I keep being stuck on the map because of accidentally running out of gold. And the game doesn't even acknowledges you're stuck, it lets you keep clicking on any location, like you could get out of this. I have to start over the campaign, again and again. This is a really bad game design and/or bug."
,Not Recommended,307670,25516061,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Matrolen,"6/10I bought the game because I love the turn based tactical genre.The story is well narrated but rather cliche with a few added surprises here and there. Otherwise there is none or very little character development.As far as tactics I just didn't buy it. Positioning is sometimes weird where you can't really find where to place your posse. This can be where you're always getting killed no matter where you try positioning your posse or finding an lmost bug like flaw where the AI keeps coming at you and you finished the scenario without taking one hit.The Luck system is weird. It just feels out of place. It is also your ""mana"" for your special abilities. Then you get shot and you gain most of your luck back. I don't know how thaqt makes any sense. I guess it is to try and manage your health and luck but I just found it weird.The range, type of weapon, single character positioning and some of the half cover and full cover aspects are pretty solid but as far as tactical multi character combat, it just wasn't there.I guess I would say that each character had their own tactic in each scenario and not really building combos or tactical advantages.Losing a character and the scenario after killing most of the enemies because you left them exposed in a corridor where you were sure you had cleared became frustrating. Even after spending many turns scouting and taking people out. I would feel bad if I had known it was a stupid move on my part but most of these one shot one kill and your main character is dead came to me as complete surprises. It was hard to find the balance.I lost interest midgame.Good music, good sounds, good narration. The foundation for good base tactics wasn't there.I really tried to like the game."
,Not Recommended,307670,31073149,Posted: 10 April,all,Spring Bag,"Beat the game but had to drag myself through it, because it was so boring.+ Decent Story, blend of western harsh life and the supernaturals+ Interesting special moves: various demonic skills, eg: turn yourself to a demon or golden bullet that shoots through walls etc- Story unfolds by clicking nodes on maps then an event will pop up adventure book style. Although the story is decent, it just drags on for too long and I found it really boring having to skip through all the dialogues- Dumbed down combat, no overwatch- Luck system is stupid.  Luck is like your mana bar.  You use it to do special moves, which are the only thing interesting for the combat imo.  However, whenever enemies shoot and miss you, it will drain your luck bar.  So when it's your turn to attack, you will have no luck left to do specials moves. You can waste an action point to use a consumable to replenish your luck, but you can only bring 2 max. Each turn you only get 2 action point, so if you use 1 for consumable, that means your next action has to be your special moves.  If you pop a consumable then want to use the other action point to reposition yourself for a better angle.  You can't because if you do that, the next round enemies will shoot and miss, depleting your luck again."
,Recommended,307670,20675790,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,repdetect0,"This game is even better than I thought it was going to be. It feels a bit like a lovechild of Xcom and Jagged Alliance2, but with some ideas that are actually better than both. Great story and setting in the wierd west, and even though the interface/gameplay takes a tiny amount to get used to (because there is so much you can ultimately do), it's a ton of fun. The choices in the storylines, and the ""meta-game"" outside of just the strategy combat portions, are really well done and actually matter as you play. Congratulations to the developers."
,Recommended,307670,25050382,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Kosmiasty,Plot of this game is interesting. Only Bad ting I can say about this game is that it do not have Saves :( .
76561198013445874,Recommended,307670,22244814,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,HamOnRye,"Imagine X-Com and Diablo meet in a head on collision, and this is the result.A dark and gritty storyline set in the nostaligic Old West, with the technical gameplay from X-Com.  This has been one of those games I simply could not put down.  Bravo for the developers of this game, this is truly a piece of art."
76561198042578842,Recommended,307670,21266311,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Wycroe,"This game reminds me of the old-school X-Com games with it's hidden enemy movements and percent-to-hit chances.  Couple that with some good ole-fashioned western demonic possession and you've got a great game.  The difficulty ramps up nicely, and the fact that your actions (such as whether to slaughter an entire household of cleaning staff) will actually impact your game later (merchants tend to not like to sell to cold-blooded murderers...who knew?)  I also really like the whole playing card deck, where you can allocate up to 5 cards to each character, and those cards give different stat bonuses...and, if you happen to put together an actual poker hand (from the lowliest single pair to a straight flush) you gain even more benefits.I can't really find much about the game that I don't like (although, much like X-Com, I get real tired of starting a mission over when one of my characters dies, 'cause once he's dead, he's dead...no respawns after combat here).Pick this game up if you're a fan of turn-based, squad level tactical combat and you like demon-possessed bandits :)"
76561198041389128,Recommended,307670,21287650,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,FantastikDrFox,Hard West is an XCOM-style game set in the old west with a heavy dose of the supernatural.I've had lots of fun with it already.
,Recommended,307670,21297789,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Uncle Angry,Solid gameplay and fantastic storyline. Would be great if its longer
76561198066677167,Recommended,307670,20343614,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,usabigcountry,So far I love it! I love western games and they are far and few between now days. If you like Xcom and like westerns you should enjoy this game.
,Recommended,307670,29736949,Posted: 6 February,all,TattednPierced,Only played for about 2hrs but easy learning curve and very cool gameIFyou like turn based strategy.  The voice acting and story line so far is impressive for the price.  I loved XCOM and in my opinion this game is even better.  It def feels locked to the storyline but how you get there is in your hands.  I caught this on a weekend deal for 65% off  $6.99 was a heck of deal on something I can see myself playing the Hell out of.
,Recommended,307670,29743444,Posted: 6 February,all,imkain,"This is a very interesting and wonderful take on turn-based strategy (similar to XCOM and XCOM 2). The graphics are presented in a very nice cell-shaded style, but in a similar fashion as some previous X-Men games were done in the past, except Hard West has a more robust look, meaning the characters appear to have more detail. Gameplay is relatively easy and it is an interesting take on the old west. You get cards that you end up attempting to make a poker hand to gain buffs, etc. The in between missions is pretty interesting too, and it helps weave the storyline together. I am hoping to play more of this game when I get some more time. However, I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys turn-based strategy, as well as enjoyed playing XCOM, or XCOM 2."
76561198176967967,Recommended,307670,31559538,Posted: 5 May,all,egabramov,"Decent and surprisingly underrated TBS game:- the gameplay is solid and fun: just enough challenge to have fun and not to get frustrated (the overall mechanics resembles that of xcom and the like)- even though the plot is split into a few seemingly unrelated pieces, the overall narative is quite interesting and engaging- RPG elements are small but innovative (I really enjoyed the card system)- amazingly stylish and atmospheric game"
,Recommended,307670,31421825,Posted: 28 April,all,LT KASHLUK,"Intriguing story, nice mechanics yet occasionally suffers from bad performance / optimization.There are no good guys or bad guys, no winners or losers in Hard West. There's just you. And others trying to survive.Game is like a coin. On the other side there's world map and ""strategic"" aspect of things. Mostly text-based adventuring. On the other there's the tactical combat screen with plenty of content and a rising difficulty curve that keeps you challenged."
,Recommended,307670,27390558,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VorpalPuppet,X-Com meets Wild West with demons. Demons. How can you NOT want to try this!?
76561198316091781,Recommended,307670,31312609,Posted: 22 April,all,p.roychowdhury,"Great Turn based strategy game. The stories get interesting as it progresses.The art style is great, high replay value as well"
,Recommended,307670,31176672,Posted: 16 April,all,go_oh,"Excellent game. The atmosphere is grim. The story is a classic tale of the devil playing his schemes on mankind. It's up to you to play along or foil his plan. Gameplay is solid. Graphics are nice. I have finished the main questline in about 15 hours and got several side campaigns left to play. The game happens on a map. You will disover locations here to advance the story or do some side quests or just bargain for stuff or heal your characters from injuries suffered during the combat missions. The quests on the map are unspectacular: click here, move there, make a decision, continue. The obvious main part of the game is doing the combat missions. Those are quite fun, very bloody and entertaining. I particularly liked the poker mechanics for the skill cards giving you bonuses beyond the individual skills.However, the game is also quite buggy. You would think they have fixed all bugs by now, but right on the first map there is a bug where your gold mining goes crazy and you'll end up with either no money or thousands of dollars. Likewise, the game reliably crashes on me when I try to move the game window to my other screen the first time. On second attempt it works. And I had another bug where the map wouldn't show which forced me to replay the campaign. Also, I found it somewhat annoying that I cannot have separate save games, which forces me to replay entire campaigns. Likewise, there is lots of slow loading dialogues and clicking. For instance, there is no option to feed all your chars at once, so the game asks you which char to feed, you pick one, then it asks you again, pick another, rinse and repeat for all four chars.Nevertheless, I very much enjoyed the game, despite the apparent shortcomings."
76561198007275340,Recommended,307670,19410898,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Bror,"A realy good turn based strategy game with a touch of rollplaying.Fighting is excellent, caouse you can make your posse into anything. From fastmoving flanker to stationed sniper.Story is great and makes you forget about real time.Learning curve is short but there is still much more to discover and grasp with time without spoiling gameplay.One flaw is that damage you recoverd from dosent stick to nest scenario.Hope the crew contiue with games like this ore make tons of DLC.Easy 4.8/5"
,Recommended,307670,30199820,Posted: 26 February,all,Bip,"Uses an unconventional combat system that needs a little adaptation, but is quite rewarding despite changing the rules somewhat. Story and characters are interesting enough to keep you going."
76561198132126826,Recommended,307670,30462216,Posted: 11 March,all,kris_buth,"I found it very interesting.  I liked the little minigames in between battles.  I liked that there were many decisions to make as you played the game, that had impact on what you found, and what items you could get later.  The turn based combat was great, and definitely ranks with the bigger name titles.  if you like turn based strategy, this is a great game for you."
76561198061443517,Recommended,307670,30266574,Posted: 1 March,all,trygbrown,I highly recommend this game. Great game play and an amazing storyline. The DLC Scars Of Freedom is well worth grabbing as well. I would love it there were more expansions in the future.
76561198030494965,Recommended,307670,29941498,Posted: 15 February,all,Alpha Blue,"A turn based stretegy game in a Weird West setting, Hard West has an interesting plot and pretty decent gameplay. There's a vast array of weapons to choose from, a wide variety of skills and usable items that give the otherwise basic gameplay a bit more interest and a card system that you can build ""hands"" with for each character to give them stat bonuses and skills. Gameplay is split into narrated scenarions and broken down into two parts: the turn based play against enemies and the map exploration which includes the player's choices and shopping for or finding loot and companions. The exploration part adds a lot more depth to the game and different options and choices allow for some replayability later on.The main game along with the DLC will probably get most players 30-40 hours of gameplay playing each scenario twice. Each scenario allows you to earn special trinkets and weapons that, once unlocked, can be purchased on any other scenario in any difficulty which can give you a real advantage in harder difficulties. Achievements are challenging and will take a couple playthroughs but are definitely doable. The Scars of Freedom DLC adds a new twist on the cards mechanic and has the length of a couple scenarios, so it's worth checking out if you enjoy the main game.Despite all the unique and interesting weapons in the game, in actual gameplay all guns have the same vanilla skins and even shotguns fire single bullets in a straight line. One annoying element of the turn based part of the game is that enemies have a short range overwatch but the player doesn't. I wouldn't say it gives the AI an advantage because while the player has items and abilities to use the AI really doesn't, but it can get you killed by accidentally walking too close to an enemy. I know I've had to restart an entire scenario at least once from this while playing on Ironman mode.The game also suffers from poor optimization and some pretty severe memory leak issues that don't seem to have ever been fully fixed even though the developers are aware of them. After a short time playing, the game will begin freezing and using massives amounts of memory and require restarting the game before it eventually crashes. That being said this is probably the only thing about the game that made me frustrated enough to not want to play it, but I did enjoy the actual gameplay and didn't mind playing each scenario several times. I paid $10 for the game and DLC on sale and defintiely found it worth the price. It's no AAA title but for what it is I give it a 7/10 and recommend it if you like Westerns and turn based  strategy games."
,Recommended,307670,28021714,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cahos Rahne Veloza,"XCOM: Enemy Unknown/Within + Spaghetti Western Theme + Supernatural undertones = Great buy ^_^Unless of course you don't like XCOM, Spaghetti Westerns or Supernatural undertones, then exit Stage Left."
,Recommended,307670,35343464,Posted: 30 September,all,Gestalt,Good alternative for Xcoms(firaxis ones). Decent story. However you would consume probably all content in 1 playthrough.
,Recommended,307670,19370415,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,bmac2112,"Well polished, turn-based similar to XCOM. Combat is enjoyably tactical yet keeps a brisk pace."
76561198079720622,Recommended,307670,19329131,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,peterdbernick,"This was a great game.Sure theres no overwatch, but its a lot of fun .Plus the storyline is engaging and unique to the genre.If you like Iso. turn based strategy , this is a must play.I hope they are working on DLC and a Hard West 2  cause ill be buying it ."
76561198017656090,Recommended,307670,19277235,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,clegane,"Great game brimming with atmosphere and personality.   I'm not sure why it is being compared so often to Xcom, as though Xcom defines all squad-based TBS games. But even so, I find it as enjoyable as I found that (much) bigger-budget title. Is it perfect? No. There are a few balances that need a bit of work, but it is very playable and it is very fun even as it is.Please note that the save system is a 'checkpoint' system and not a manual save. Also note that player characters do not get 'reaction shots', but enemy characters do, if you enter their ZOC. Both of these were deliberate design decisions, so please make sure that you're on board with the concept before purchasing the game and crying on the forums about how you can't save or don't get 'overwatch' options."
,Recommended,307670,19213878,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Hektor Hernández,"It's like XCOM, but instead of building a base, you get a ""choose your own adventure"" like metagame.It's also not one long campaign, but 8 small campaigns that are connected to each other story-wise.The story is nothing remarkable, but also not annoying or bad.The combat is solid and fun, if you enjoyed the XCOM Reboot for example you'll enjoy it here as well, altho the missions aren't as cool as in XCOM.The metagame is cool, and contains many different features and choices that sometimes can make a big difference in how you approach a mission. Like adding a ""set-up"" phase where you can sneak without drawing the enemys attention on you to complete certain objectives before the combat starts or allowing you to get a drop on a few enemys getting you an advantage.But expect some crashes and freezes. I've had like 7 crashes playing this game, the most of them when starting the game, the rest when the transition between overworld and combat map happened, which is also the point where the game saves, so it's not bad or broken, just annoying.Anyways, i recommened it, but maybe you want to wait for a patch."
,Recommended,307670,32641915,Posted: 22 June,all,Incaster,This game allows you do things I always wanted to do:- Kill a retired demon and his harem- Make a deal with Death- Snack on corpses during battles- Murder your friends to receive cash from a totem god- Decimate an entire county just because you can
76561198022458763,Recommended,307670,31780224,Posted: 15 May,all,Dewahll,"Fantastic.I originally saw this as recommended and played it because it looked similar to XCOM.  I had no idea what was in store for me.  As far as gameplay goes, Hard West's luck system makes the tactical combat extremely satisfying.  The storytelling is superb.  My only complaint is that it seems to crash every so often.  I can live with that.  This game is definitely a diamond in the rough and I would recommend it to anyone who likes the turn based strategy genre or anyone who wants to get lost in one hell of a western with a devilish twist."
76561197970432562,Not Recommended,307670,22075653,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Lord Fancy Pants,"Overall not a bad turn based strategy game for the price....at least at first. My number one complaint is that once you start a mission, you cant backtrack out and swap out equipment. It is very possible to screw yourself over and have to restart the entire campaign in order to be successful. This also happends with some of the campaigns that get a little cute and add things like maintaing yoru party member hunger, or food stores to make it additionally complicated. The description of some of these elements are vague and again, once you have started down the wrong path, there is no going back.And after completing 3 of the campaigns... I found myself getting tired of what feels like the same old grind, with little plot development."
76561198191220930,Recommended,307670,27218598,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jacksontupman40,"This is a solid and well-designed game from top to bottom. This was one of the first ""x-com like"" turn-based games I've played and it's honestly one of my favorites. The framerate is consistent throughout the game, the weird-west aesthetic and art-style are both very interesting, and the isometric top-down turn-based combat system is fantastic. The luck system and wide variety of perks and powerups make Hard West a genuinely unique combat experience. The world outside of combat is slightly sparse but sometimes has interesting twists and challenges. Also, the DLC is a very good addition to people who enjoy the base game. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,307670,31127189,Posted: 13 April,all,Bradcore,"Been playing this game for a little while (I'm near the end) and so far, every bit of it is fantastic. Great story and fantastic, old west, turn-based strategy. I'm near the very end and not once have I felt either over or under powered. The balancing is pretty damn great. I have one more scenerio to go before I'm finished. Honestly, the only complaint I have is the random lag during the menus. There are times when transitioning scenes when the game will seemingly freeze up, but it just ends up being some bad lag. This will also occasionally happen while making trades in the various shops or outfitting one's party for battle. It's annoying, but not game breaking. Thankfully, this doesn't happen at any other points in the game. Perhaps this is something the developer can polish out in an update. Overall, I'd recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,307670,31223668,Posted: 18 April,all,Cihan Serter,I found combat a bit repetative and not being able to pass progres of your character to next chapter is a let down but this game tries to offer different game play in every chapter and it isn't a bad game.
76561198088947898,Recommended,307670,21595954,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Eggsy,Like a wild-west XCOM....nuff said.
,Recommended,307670,29574337,Posted: 29 January,all,Assassin,Man oh man this game is great! its very similar to XCOM in a lot of ways if you are looking for a dark and gritty XCOM replacement with better story and better music look no further.PROS:Combat is really funStory is engaging and episodic.The choices you make are not black and white and can have a MAJOR impact on your game.The Music is outstandingCons:The game is poorly optimized and will likely run very hot even well above recommended specsThe lack of overwatch system if you are used to playing XCOM this will drive you nuts!Its very awkward when it comes to inventory and item managementOverall if you have beaten the XCOM games or are just looking for a strategy game with a western feel this will definitely scratch the itch. As of now XCOM 2 is on sale in the humble bundle for very cheap if you do not own XCOM 2 pick that up instead and you will not regret it. This game is very very good for $5-10 but if you can get XCOM 2 for a similar price it is much more refined in line with what you would expect from a AAA title.
76561198051269043,Recommended,307670,19238970,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,K Rad,"I LOVE this game. I'm a couple of hours in and It really kicks butts! The combat is fluid, fast-paced and you will have to think a lot before every move on hard difficulty. Provides a fair challenge and is simple to learn. What more is there to wish for?pros- engaging story- immersive theme and atmosphere- music and sounds are incredibly well done!!- graphical style and art is really pretty- deep narrator's voice- cover and damage system- luck system is very innovative and refreshing- lots of GUNS!- hard difficulty level is challenging but fair- realistic - 1 or 2 bullets and your characters and enemies alike are dead- awesome and powerful (but not broken) special skillscons- character portraits seem a bit like low budget rendersFinal score: 9/10"
,Recommended,307670,19180055,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Flemdog,"I was a bit skeptical at first thinking it would be an ok game, but I really like this one! It is turn based and gets you think how to strategically take out your foes! The individual story lines are a bit short, but hopefully they will make an expansion pack.I finished the first story in just under 2 hours. There is some replayability. Now on the other hand, there may be more beyond what I can see, but I recommend this one!"
,Recommended,307670,19173700,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,L.A.,"It's basically XCOM meets Jonah Hex.  The little narrative is fun and interesting, the gamplay is entertaining.  I would really recommend this.  It is definitely worth the price, a lot of love went into this game and you can tell."
76561198098453311,Recommended,307670,28149950,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,claude*****413,6/10 Great turn based game with the same gameplay mechanics as XCOM but not the addiction factor.
76561197979937175,Recommended,307670,24831372,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Sir_Thomas,"I've played through the tutorial and the first mission. I'd say if you have the chance to buy it on sale, grab it. The game is a little more rigidly structured than I like, but I can live with the restrictions. The sound track is immersive, as is the artwork. The game play is smooth enough. The complaints that others have made are valid. First,  The mission structure does not include real character developmen. Second, combat can be sluggish, with characters trading shots at low odds because it is more often than not, too dangerous to get closer to the enemy because one well aimed shot can kill you. For $10.99 and another $1.64 for the DLC, it isn't a bad investment. Some hight powered weapons like shotguns and rifles can be fun to use on the bad guys. Someone mentioned Wastland 2. I played the demo for that game, and it left me cold. Hard West even without character development is still the better deal."
,Recommended,307670,25510461,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Johan,"Very cool take on a western themed turn-based strategy with some occult stuff thrown in. The basic mechanics are similar to XCOM, but it has its own style and intersting features like the luck system and combat injuries. The level design is great and there is a huge amount of weapons and items available.The only downsides i can think of is that the game often hangs when opening inventory/trade menus, and that the framerate droppes occasionally for no apparent reason."
76561197992476487,Recommended,307670,26003736,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,SoulSpite,"So i'm two scenarios in and loving this game, good stories so far and fun turn based combat.  The poker card deck building to get buffs on your toons is fun and adds a nice dimension to the otherwise fairly limited equipment options.Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,307670,19990620,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,naomha,"Man, great game. Seriously. It's like Xcom had a Borderland's stepchild and danced to noir film bits out of the early Max Payne games.  It's weird to say, but, it works fantastically. The tactical part of the strategy playing doesn't get upsetting using RNG like in Shadowlands or even Xcom itself. If you've found yourself cursing playing either of those previous 2 games then you'll be happy to know that Hard West seems to do a much better job at it than either of those did, for whatever reason.Sound design is really nice. Everything fits the mood of the scenarios you're playing and adds a really nice back tempo when needed. Who could have thought you could pull off Wild West and Film Noir? Between the sounds of the different guns and how they fire to the way your character walks and runs everything has been nailed down in some sound effect or another that just adds some real nice realism touches to the game.Graphics are good. While they have the ""Borderlands"" cell shaded look and feel it's still based, well, loosely, in some realism. Guns give off a trail of smoke (really nice touch btw), victims will spurt blood out of a wound and every character seems to be handling a different type of gun that they're proficient in in some way or another. You'll see and hear glass breaking as shots go through windows and you'll hear the whizzing of a bullet and see the trail of smoke as it misses you. It's nice little touches that brings out some simple design choices that impact the game in big ways.Gameplay is tactical/strategy. Much like Xcom games, you move your pawns around the board and you can flank/hide, etc. Their use of a RNG layered with a Luck ability adds to some nice battles and you'll never play the same board the same way. Ever. Believe me, I've tried it. All in all, very solid tactical elements with some surprising twists in gameplay that keeps everything fresh and exciting.There's only 1 con I can really give the game at this point and that's for the very simple fact they haven't released patch 1.4 yet. Patch 1.4 is supposed to ""fix"" the game's memory leak. While some of it was handled in 1.3, you can and probably will experience the memory leak and you'll notice your gameplay experience downgrade the longer you play. It sucks. Totally. However, we've been told 1.4 IS incoming at some point. Fingers crossed for the memory leak patch.Solid title though. I never expected this amount of ""fun"" out of this game and I'm really pleasantly surprised at how well done this game is. I'm on my 2nd playthrough now and it is still as fun as the first playthrough. Great game. Get it!"
,Recommended,307670,28335159,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ENT MOOT,"Hard game for a nutty, rugged, Hard West.Great game if you like tactical turn based strategy games. The super-natural story line really adds to the campaigns atmosphere- each scenario tries to be unique in its own right.  It can become repetitive in game play by the time you get to the last 3 scenarios, i imagine Iron Made mode would make this an even greater challenge.Highly recommend 7/10 for all who like strategy.I also do not understand any of the no save complaints. I feel it adds to the game and the stakes. The devil is playing us after all."
,Recommended,307670,26111612,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,3uriah,"A very well themed game, with good story elements that draw you in. Game mechanics are fun.Ending of the main story line felt abit lop sided, but the game elements make up for ths."
76561197970964231,Recommended,307670,20233654,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,missing_person,"Art and sound are excellent and fit the theme well. The game play is similar to XCOM enemy unknown and overall I really enjoyed it. I'm now considering playing through it again to see some alternative story paths I missed, also using a higher difficulty setting. I personally would like to see some further missions as DLC, and would be happy paying a small amount for them."
76561198146687992,Not Recommended,307670,24839798,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,kespeppercorn,"I bought this game because it looked awesome. I really enjoyed old wild west games, such as desperados, however I have to admit to be seriously underwhelmed by this game. I have only put in 6 hrs but already I feel that my time has been wasted, which is not a good sign.The game has some really good graphics, and the scenarios are well thought out. I like the way the game mechanics works, so why have I not recommended this game.Although the story for each scenario is well thought out there is actually very little fighting, before each fight you have to spend a lot of time on a map going from place to place reading text based boxes and this builds up the story. The reason you have to do this is because this is how you purchase weapons, armor/apparel, bombs,healing and character mods. without these you would be seriously under-equipped to complete the fights. Also this is where you find all the gold with which to buy said items. It feels as if the fighting scenarios were developed first and then the developers realised you needed to have a story to link it all together.For those of you that have played desperados each map added to the story and I think it would've been better if the developers had put more thought into how to develop the story as part of the fight scenes, rather than making the player spend 30+ minutes on text based pop ups  between each fight scene.I am glad I did not pay full price for this game, and if you have a choice buy something else."
76561197960431260,Recommended,307670,30173550,Posted: 25 February,all,PatA147,xcom in the wild west
76561197999416057,Recommended,307670,26369060,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,KilROCK,"Wow is an understatement, this game is one of the best I've played in any genre.It is mostly linear, but the way they present it makes it not feel that way so much.Your choices do matter for end game and that is cool.(spoiler alert! don't read below the dashes if you don't want an ending spoiled)----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------j/k, I won't spoil, but I did play the evil ending and now I want to play again and try different choices in the multiple scenariosThanks devs, I'm almost through the D's in the credits, not sure if I'll be able to stick through them alladd Kilrock to your k's next timeThanks for a really great game"
,Recommended,307670,23850117,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MABOO,"Get This while on sales !This game is mix and match with Stretegy & RPG game driven Story Rich.This game is not pure Stretegy as I see that some content is not suits Stretegy game.==============The Goodafter finish mission, you get cards which can be worn to earn active&passive skills.variety story line.buy weapon & equipment for your char.nice art & atmossome management & decision system.The not Good enough.Too much character.Cover system is not good enough.Should focus more on Stretegy system.============My score8/10C.J. Maboo"
76561197972459663,Not Recommended,307670,29995375,Posted: 17 February,all,Zadul,"There is no way to save/quicksave a game.  If you have to leave, you will need to restart the scenarrio over.  If the game crashes, you will lose all progress made since the last checkpoint.The campaigns are short and the content gets boring quickly."
,Recommended,307670,24657804,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Haba,"The game is simply one-of-a-kind. A true treat for any turn-based squad tactics connoisseur, with a healthy dose of challenging combat encounters. Unique setting and interesting story as a bonus. A little rough at edges and occasionally frustratingly hard (at higher difficulties), but 'Hard West' certainly lives up to it's name."
76561198055476665,Recommended,307670,28595841,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,JoeBvlgar1an,"Worth of 8euros for xcom, xcom2 and Westworld fans. Lack of overwatch option changes playstyle alot."
76561198041163297,Recommended,307670,20741887,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,/dev/null,"Not bad, but not graet either.I'm going to talk about the issues, so you know what you are getting going in  (Patch 1.3)The 'Luck' mechanic:Bad. It's an interesting idea but given the way the campaign is set out, the enemies you encoutner and the fact that luck doesn't regenerate by itself, means that if you get shot at two or three times, means you barely get to use any of your abilities. I'm not sure if this is the way it's supposed to work. I like the way that luck works in regard to hits and to-hit, but keying abilities to amounts of luck seems a bad idea and in my experience it doesn't work. Would have been better if abilities were on a number-of-turns cooldown based on how powerful each ability is. It's strange that some abilities have both a luck cost and a cooldown.Enemy overwatch: This is never explained, but some enemies in some situations will ahve a red ring around them where if you cross into that ring the enemy will fire at you. You don't get that ability on your own posse. This can be really annoying if the enemy happens to run into a room with only one entrance and where they can't be seen from the outside.The campaign: The exploration part of the campaign is equal thirds interesting, boring, and awkward. They tried a lot of different ideas and each part of the campaign plays differently. Introducing mechanics that exist just for that campaign's exploration. The problem is that most of these mechanics are just awkward and boring and don't add anything more than tedium to the game.Good Stuff:Ricochet: this ability is a lot of fun, but often you find that either you don't have a line of sight to a ricochet object or there's only one object. Still, it's a lot of fun to chain ricochet off a bell, anvil, washing tub, bucket, another anvil, and hit a guy behind full cover that you can't see directly.Interesting Ideas:Poker hands bonuses on deck construction. It could have been much better - more cards, persistent cards between campaigns, cards that you could improve in some way.Randomised event outcomes: This sort of works as well, although it's never really explained which events are random.Doesn't really work for me:Most of the exploration stuff just doesn't work for me, nor does the quirky variety of guns. Ultimately there are just 3 things you're looking for  - damage, damage against full cover, and magazine size. Most weapons deal a maximum of 1 damage against someone in full cover, unless you flank them.It feels like a lot of ideas were sort of tried here, as if the developers werent sure what would or wouldn't work, but it leads to a very inconsistent and confusing feel to the game, and often just adds awkwardness to the experience.Still, it's a good enough game and it's set in the wild wild west, which is awesome."
,Recommended,307670,24136732,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Kramer,"Okay, so everyone is going on and on about how you can't 'save"". True, the game only auto saves at check points eliminating the ability to scum save through the game. But if that is your only complaint with the game then it's silly to give it a negative review based on that one fact. I find the game enjoyable, and challenging. I wouldn't steer clear of it just because you have to restart a mission because you couldn't complete it sucessfully."
76561198032973230,Not Recommended,307670,31364547,Posted: 25 April,all,Cobb,"its decent.......for a while. the story is very boring and the lack of customisation for characters is terrible. i found myself not bothered if characters died. the actual combat was good, very like xcom just not as good"
,Recommended,307670,24806511,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,sln,I just wish chapters lasted longer so I could really soak in the power of my characters.
76561198014193451,Recommended,307670,19169010,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,TheLazyLife,Good story telling and mechanics!An affordable turn-based strategy based in an interesting setting.
76561197993493467,Not Recommended,307670,22781992,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Mung,"The gameplay is fantastic. This is a really fun strategy game. I completely recommend this game if you are going to sit down and play it through on one session.Biggest failing is that the save state is broken. I am showing the first two scenarios at 0%, yet I am on the last mission... The checkpoint fails to load, always wanting me to replay the tutorial--which loads the first mission regardless of how I answer. So you have to restart the mission to play the desired mission... If you fail, you are looking at about an hour of replay. Which means if you do not have a full hour or so for a session to complete the mission, don't bother. And even if you do, it may not persist your accomplishment! So, yeah, I am probably not finishing this game because it is not so good that I am willing to completely restart a very long mission."
76561198107475177,Not Recommended,307670,22787937,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,rsl,"Ok x-com like battles, crappy map interface, tiny letters, boring resource gathering, Banners Saga gives a similar experience with much better interface and fun factor and off course X-Com is way better in every aspect."
76561198009978938,Recommended,307670,19167749,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Zerachiel,"If you enjoyed XCOM, you'll enjoy this game. It's addictively fun."
76561198082118739,Not Recommended,307670,24690053,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Majiks,"99% of a good game here, but AI is so horrible, that it ruins it all. For example, AI systematically prefers going for low chance of 1 damage to one of your posse instead of taking cover and dies next turn. No challenge whatsoever."
,Recommended,307670,19199071,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Kevinet,"Do I think this game has a couple of flaws? Yes I do.Was I mildly dissapointed with the way the game ended? Hell yes.BUT do I think this game is 10-somehing hour of good time? Oh yes.Do I want more, now that I'm done with it? F-CK YES."
,Recommended,307670,21969230,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,axix,this game needs coop feature. good game and fun too but no body wants to play alone such games
76561197999688705,Recommended,307670,20756708,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Moadib,"this game is amazing!-every scenario is part of one story (not like ex com, wich are always the same scenrarios with a bunch of random aliens)-music and graphics are great-the ""luck"" system works perfect and is very original and fun to play-good management os skillspeople complay it si to hard...? well u have differents gameplays (easy, normal, hard) just play your lvlyou don't have overwach, I wasn't sure about it, till I played. This game force you to look for good spots and it works really goodit's one of my favorites turn base games!!don't read any more, just buy it!!!!"
76561198007345033,Recommended,307670,19320946,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Spaz Man,"I dont normally bother with reviews but enjoyed this game so much I just had to. I like turn based games, I like western games, I like occult themed games and this combined them all quite nicely. I mean whats not to like about cowboy demons with six shooters?"
76561198018569200,Recommended,307670,19356503,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Rooibaard,"Do you like the play style of XCOM - Enemy Unknown?Do you like the SuperNatural Series?Well then you will love this game.It is the same game style as XCOM, without the home base aspect.The game bring some unique new features that give interesting tactical abilities.Be warned though, there is no save function, once you are in a combat situation you cannot save, the game saves after and before combat, but during combat you are on your own. Most missions also have requirements that certain party members should survive, thus it can be very tricky if you do not plan properly.All and all I had a very fun time playing through this game and would gladly have paid double of what the game currently costs."
,Recommended,307670,20868810,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Tab,"Really awesome.Good stuff:-Satisfying combat-Much to do (although over-time, not all at once)-Soundtrack-Narrator voice will ♥♥♥♥ you clean-An actual in-depth story with branching choices.Bad stuff:-The luck system.-The only voice is the narrator's. (But damn it's good)-Not for those who want an easy game.-Lack of in-game save or quicksave-Animations are far too slow, wish i had a speedhack sometimes, or that I could have the option to skip watching enemy turns.Worth your money even if you're new to strategy games and just like the Old West theme."
,Recommended,307670,22991819,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,kaebir,"An excellent strategy game, full of supernatural horror and adventure.  You'll get a good 60hrs of gameplay if you're a completionist that likes to know how all the choices play out."
,Recommended,307670,28351914,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Pariah,"Unforgiving.If Clint Eastwood, Tarantino and HP Lovecraft wrote and directed a turn-based strategy / RPG, based upon some old comic book premise (included in deluxe edition) - it might be something like this.In a nutshell - it's basically:A series of increasingly difficult, fast-paced, Shadowrun / new Xcom combat (full controller support) set in violent Wild-West, with demonic storyline, using simple map / decision-making vehicle to drive story between encounters.Multiple ways to approach an engagement or campaign, based upon choice and seemingly random ""perk"" cards that might be assigned to characters any time outside of battle.A challenging, replayable, tactical squad turn-based RPG / roguelike, with some ""stealth"" elements (ie, ""set-up"", combined with perks, etc...).Gameplay is good for a turn-based strategy RPG game (even if clone of new Xcom/Shadowrun combat).Apparently standalone encounters/missions outside of campaign.(I haven't played any other setting but hardest with all the hard options turned on and I am enjoying it and finding it a challenge.)The ""campaign"" screen is fun - it is a puzzle in itself that will promote replayability, beyond the encounters.Reminds me a little of Jagged Alliance or some kind of roguelike, where the decisions you make you have to stick with and can have some ramifications in the future.DownersBiggest issue:Only supports OFFICIAL controllers. Works with my PS3 (with SCP driver), Xbox Windows controller - but it DOES NOT WORK with a generic controller I own.(A workaround by the dev has said, ""plug in controller and restart machine"" which does get the controller working, but only until after you press the button to skip the intro movies...)(also, Ctrl+Shift+Alt+U skips the scenario...)Controller for menus is rather annoying to use, but doesn't take long to get used to.Have yet to get my graphics looking as good as the screenshots, using 980ti with nvidia enhancements...AI is a little predictable and a bit dumb compared to other games of this type.Ultimately - very good for sale price -60% with DLC.Unsure if I would have bought this if it wasn't on sale (no demo):Might've simply ""tried before I buyed"" with gog version and never ""bought"" steam version."
76561197978306420,Recommended,307670,24909394,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Squeedlyspooch,"I like the gameplay, specifically the versatility, better than X-COM. The scenario plots are mildly interesting, but ultimately pretty ignorable. Being able to change weapons and ""classes""(via the playing card system) makes it much more engaging. The option to shoot through certain materials like windows and tents, and ricochet off of certain metal objects is a great additionThe only thing missing is an overwatch-type function so some of my turns aren't entirely wasted.I got it on sale, but it is totally worth the $20. I'd recommend it over X-COM 2 in a heartbeat."
76561197988713407,Recommended,307670,31127642,Posted: 13 April,all,QuAkE,"Pros:Very good tactics game.Impressed with story design and decision making.Like the glass cannon aspect of characters.Deck of cards is cool.Map exploring and economy very clever.Adjustable differculty from too simple to omg.Variable story lines.Cons:Camera angle movement appears to be in fixed 45 degree segments rather than fully controllable.Lighting makes movement a little tricky to see best route.A little unforgiving for any miss clicks/ mistakes.I liked xcom enemy within, fallout tactics,  incubation , and tastee for example too8.5/10"
,Recommended,307670,19231985,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,nano.Luo Tianyi,"Six Shooter and Satan makes an uncanny combination of classic Faustian tale of murder, revenge, and redemption.66/6 would sell my soul to Satan again."
,Recommended,307670,29015574,Posted: 4 January,all,Oloremo,"Great setting, good mechanics, but way too easy on any difficulty."
,Recommended,307670,19205281,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ludomancer,Nice concept and implementation. But gets a bit repetetive.  Not being able to progress characters is a bit downsiide for me too. Every scenerio has its own set of characters. Kills the RPG element a bit.
76561197996501738,Recommended,307670,25241923,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Audrey Hepburn,"The story and setting for this game are both great.  The narration is excellent, this is a universe well worth exploring.  A good twist on the old west.  I don't even like turn based games but I took a chance on this game for the setting and I'm glad I did.  If you're reading this then you probably already are curious, pick this game up!"
,Recommended,307670,25434770,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,shutupandance,"I was hesitating between recommending or not because the game not only doesn't offer the possibility to save, but it simply doesn't save your progress at all. That's right, it only saves completed missions, which means that you'll inevitably end up repeating hour-long scenarios. Incredibly stupid and annoying! Equally annoying are the endless multiple choice text screens.That aside the game is great, graphics are cool and gameplay is excellent. Storyline could be better (and simpler) but it's not hollow at all and characters are pretty cool (more female characters would be welcome). Voices are great, audio is ok but the rockish soundtrack can be a little irritating (sticking to the atmospheric folk would work better).Still, really good game, very fun to play!///"
,Recommended,307670,19192957,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ariwch,"Man, it's like playing Deadlands... but on PC :)"
,Recommended,307670,32449654,Posted: 15 June,all,Blunder Sunder,"Great turn based combat game - and an interesting, fleshed-out setting.The writing and story is good and the combat works really nicely with the card system. If you've played xcom you'll feel immediately at home, but at the same time Hard West brings something of its own to the table.The map overview part of the game I'm not really into myself - I'd be happy with a more straight forward linear mission system with purchasable upgrades as I go. I just find myself wanting to get to the next exchange of bullets!"
,Recommended,307670,32457298,Posted: 15 June,all,Raskolnikov_CP,"the game's atmosphere is awesome. The voice-over makes us feel to enter to the wild west directly. After I've spend 10-12 hours, the game made me feel that it's repetitive a bit. However, I felt that after 10-12 hours. So, it does not matter for me. The game deserves its' price. I bought the game because I love the wild west atmospheres in games and the turn-based mechanics.Finally, I wanna say that I hope the devs of the Hard West will make a turn-based action RPG game which will mention a PIRATE story. I ♥♥♥♥ing love PIRATES Theme than WILD WEST Theme."
,Recommended,307670,32439072,Posted: 15 June,all,Chan-Tzu Ti,"Especially at the discount I've gotten this for (5 bucks), this should be an insta-buy for anyone into spaghetti westerns and XCOM Enemy Unknown style turn-based combat (without overwatch mechanic, but with a very good cover system and luck system). It also has a lot of neat items and a card system that provides interesting abilities. The game has a few supernatural aspects to this and it's enemies as well, which is quite refreshing in a game like this. I know some people will look upon this game as an XCOM-lite style experience and whilst not entirely incorrect, this game does enough to stand out on it's own really. The game has about 8 short stories making up the complete experience, totalling to around 15-20 hours of content in my estimation. It has proper level design and oozes style. After these campaign story missions you can of course try higher difficulties, which provide a good challenge. Recommended!"
,Recommended,307670,19274208,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Corpuna,"A very competent XCOM:EU mechanics imitiating turn based tactics game. It is heavily focused on flanking which works very well and is rewarding to do. However with the unique ""luck"" system, accuracy by volume is very viable, and that is a nice touch.The setting takes the cake here. A generic western would have been boring, but the supernatural elements are executed perfectly to keep the player interested. The narrator's voice is a pleasure to listen to.The game plays out in several 1-3 hour scenarios that connect to each other to form an overarching storyline. I'm hopeful for add-on scenarios, since the layout is perfect for that.Some people complain about the lack of overwatch and no saving in missions, but I find them to be fitting with the theme and the setting.My only real complaint is that the combat missions have no procedural elements in them, so it is very easy to find a certain tactic for a mission that works every time. Its more like a puzzle game in that sense.So in conclusion: I'd highly recommend this game for anyone interested in the genre of turn based tactics. With such low price its almost a steal."
76561198115014346,Recommended,307670,20942077,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Von Westervick,"This game is great for a few hours of fun, even with a bit of replayability. I would looove to see a bigger campaign added, or heck even just more scenarios! Would gladly pay alot more for the devs to expand on this. Amazing foundation for something that could become a great game/series."
76561198051245201,Not Recommended,307670,31977020,Posted: 26 May,all,Squish,Looked promissing but what killed it for me was repetitive RNG reliant combat. Luck as a combat resource doesnt work at all : the more you are shot at the less you are able to use your abilities forcing you to just keep shooting away hoping to hit something.I feel like developers set a bar too high for themselves with combat mechanics and story : they look like they were rushed to finish them to meet a deadline.
76561198044578472,Recommended,307670,19240568,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,ashbuly,This game is interesting.  This is the first game I've played with this combat style so I am enjoying it.  My only complaint is that it keeps locking up and I have to go back to the last save point and hope it is not screwed up.  I've had to restart the 3rd campaign 3 times because of this.  Hope the deelopers can fix this bug as it has the potential to be a fantastic game.
,Recommended,307670,19235463,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,jonibangs,"So i bought Hard West after looking at a gameplay demo..it's a split decision because there are a lot of flaws in the game..but for only 10-15 dollars depending on currency rate, i guess i can recommend the game because there are still some fun to be had playing the game..pros:- the game art and animation is well done..probably on the same level to shadowrun series- the music and voice over is also very well done and brings a good atmosphere to the game- gameplay wise, quite strategic..even if it borrows x-com elements a lot..a lot of variety with the guns and magic..some battles are somewhat unbalanced to favor the enemies (see below)- the lore of wild west meets magic and demons is quite interestingcons:- some battles are very outnumbering..but still can be done with good positioning..one most fatal/lazy mechanism is this: the enemies have a sort of x-com style overwatch counterattack which automatically attack when you come near them..but the players DON'T! i'm sure they can program this system to work with the players..but it seems that they are too lazy to include it to the system..making battles unbalanced due to this..- bullets don't have physics..such as really bouncing of walls or hitting bystanders by accident..the bullets simply fly to the targeted enemy and does a rng whether it will hit or miss that enemy..if there is a bystander directly in the middle of the gunfight, the bullet will never hit them..also the bullets will only ricochet by a skill, no accident fire of bullets bouncing off objects and hitting someone..it seems that bullets physics are a forgotten technology since jagged alliance 2..- characters items and money and cards don't carry on to the next chapter..this is a bit of an odd design choice..perhaps it's made to balance the game, but it seems useless to actually hoard inventory or money if they are going to be gone anyway..- a save system mid-battle would be nice- there is a bug sometimes which makes the map screen goes blank..i had to restart the game to make it normal againstill..the game is quite fun for it's price so i can vote recommend..but its probably a 60%/40% percentage of recommend or not.."
76561198174119425,Recommended,307670,19184784,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Pavel|LsD|,"I never write actual reviews for games but for this want I wanted to make a short comment.If you like strategy games on turn-base this is a must in your game collection. Good graphics, gameplay and it's a challengeAt this price it's more than worth to buy it.Enjoyable 8.5/10"
76561198022397549,Recommended,307670,19161660,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,scas,"For 15$ sale it is worth it but it is no XCOM.The story  is split into various sequences which can be fun because each one has a something new. Although if you grow attached to characters than be ready to be disappointed because the main character is the only semi-constant one.The idea that your wounds heal was actually really cool but they heal after two battles and battles only happen 2-4 times a sequence.Some guns are clearly better than other but for some reason the shutgun can sometimes snipe better than a rifle/musket.The game can take a while to load/lag but never lasts more than a minute.Cards is a plus!Edit: Method to Madness which is one of the sequences has horrible game breaking bugs, hopefully this will be fixed. It is to note that you dont have to complete Method to Madness to continue the main story line."
,Recommended,307670,19185296,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,[GORDON],"Whaaaaaaat I love this game so far. PLEEEEASE make expansions/DLC this game has a great foundation to build upon. The LUCK system adds a really great flavor to a turn-based strategy game. As much as I love all the base-building aspects of XCOM I really enjoyed that this game is lighter on that variety of a macro gameOnly CONs so far is that it seems you are unable to zoom out while in combat. Also the color difference between 1 AP and 2 AP movements should be much more distinct than yellow and orange. I was also sad to see that AI can Overwatch but human characters cannot. Perhaps this was a design decision, as some may argue Overwatch is easymode but I argue it adds more strategy.All in all, very much worth the price tag for fans of turn-based strategy games"
76561198081913982,Not Recommended,307670,28415098,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,NeilyWheely5000,"It's unfortunate that I ended up having to refund this game and not recommend it.I think in terms of it being played on Windows it's probably fine, but on Linux it is a very, very poor port.  The shadows flicker constantly on anything beyond medium shadows (minor gripe) in addition to cloud-effects so I had to turn down post processing and shadows to low.  The game is very crash prone, I would say I had to play through the 2nd mission three times solely because of it crashing mid-mission or even as it was loading the overmap it crashed.  I do not find the save system that big of a gripe but if you do decide that your game will only let you save at ""checkpoints"" or on the overmap, it better be incredible stable and not be on the Unity engine.  Unfortunately, this game's Linux port is not even remotely stable, and it also tends to hang in the inventory as well.In terms of the game itself, it's actually good from what I played for the three hours before I refunded it.  Each scenario has some little sub-systems crop up on the overmap that seem interesting, and there's a variety of equipment.  The turn based system is satisfying and brutal.  With the save system and stability, the game is unfortunatey unplayable.  I have played games plenty of unstable games and usually I can get beyond that by being able to quick save religiously, but this game doesn't even have the option."
,Recommended,307670,21354146,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,NeuroSerpens,"This game is simply EXCELLENT.Wonderful soundtrack, awesome story and narrative, very well balanced gameplay...It's all in there!"
76561198033203178,Not Recommended,307670,31252254,Posted: 20 April,all,ööölige_möööse,"I actually like the battles here and they are what motivated me to keep playing so far, but this game has serious pacing issues. It feels like you're stuck in the story screens, running around area maps forever, grinding through tasks and a story that aren't really interesting and then FINALLY you get to one of the battles! Yes! After what felt like an hour! And then, five minutes later, the fight is over, the 3-10 enemies are dispensed of and it's back to the boring grindstone just to get to the next fight. Maybe this is exaggerated, but why why why would you make the most interesting part of your game the one you spend the least time on?I'm really happy I purchased this game while it was on sale and not for the full price."
,Not Recommended,307670,24036373,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,JaydeeDuck,"Options and Settings:As usual I will start off with a look at the menu options.  There are a lot of interface options that I don't really understand, but the ability to customize the UI is definitely there.  I probably should have played around with these options more because I found the UI and player status bars to be some of the weak points in the artwork section of my critique.As for video options there is only one thing to say; another game with no borderless windowed mode, how great! Said no one ever.  I am probably letting a little bit of my personal frustration come through.  I have played a lot of games lately that don't have that figured out.They do, however, have great options for volume and sound settings.  Yay for master volume sliders… Golf Claps and Nods in ApprovalArtwork: 5/10Hard West really shines in the artwork and design in about 75% of the game's components and really falls on its face for the rest.  While the avatar images for the main characters were masterfully done and had smooth outlines there were major flaws in the quality on minor characters and enemies.  The cut scenes are amazing and the majority of the character model renderings are detailed and high quality.  The environments and special effect artwork is very well done as well.  The artwork that is finished is some of the best I have ever seen, but there is some noticeable drops in quality across the board.  For a game that is no longer in early access with an above $20 price tag (on sale for $9.99 at time of review) I would expect the parts of a game that require review and effort to be complete.  It may sound harsh, but this just seems lazy to me.  I feel like I am being generous with a 5 in this section considering how much it drags down the rest of the game for me.  I really like this game and I desperately want to tell people they should buy it.  I just can’t at this price tag, which is a shame because it is so well done in other components of the game.Sounds and Music: 8/10I really wanted to give Hard West a higher score in the sounds and music section.  Really, I should mention upfront that I really enjoyed the music and that is what is carrying the score on this section.  I know, an 8 isn't too shabby but the game was just a few small tweaks away from earning a much higher score.The voice acting, music, and ambient sounds for cut scenes in the game were incredible.  The effects of footsteps and glass breaking and everything else you would expect out of an old western shootout were on par with one glaring exception; the weapon sounds.  Don't get me wrong, the weapon sounds were great.  The only issue I had is that they were pretty much all the same, especially when it came to reloading weapons.  There was some slight variety, but the variety that is there isn’t distinct enough to give firing a 10 gauge shotgun the satisfaction it should provide over firing a six shooter.  There was clearly a lot of effort put into the audio production in this game, but it doesn't seem like they really sprinted through the finish line.Story: 10/10Hard West is a story about a family curse and how it tears through lives of one family who decided to set out on the Oregon trail in hopes of a better life.  What they find in their journey will bring them malice, pain, and something worse than death.The protagonist that you follow in the majority of the 8 scenarios available to play through is the eldest boy of the family, Wyatt.  You will prospect for gold, decide the fate of passers by, and make deals with the devil as you play through this turn based story driven adventure.The story is very well written and builds an amazing fiction for the games backdrop.  If you watch the show Supernatural you will be familiar with the old west world that this game has created.  There will be plenty of bandits for you to fight along the way, but you may find yourself in a crossfire with a demon or two.  Heck… maybe you will become one!Gameplay: 5/10I have the same gripe about this game as I do every game that tries to re-skin Xcom.  You have to do something different.The store page on Steam for this game shines on about “40 individually designed turn-based combat missions” and “8 unique story-based scenarios”.  I am sure it took a lot of time and effort to design the missions, but from our perspective they all look the same.I have already spoken to how incredibly awesome the story is so I am not trying to take away from that at all.  The issue is that having a great story alone doesn’t relieve the fatigue gamers feel when they are doing the same thing for the 8 billionth time on a map that is laid out a little bit differently.  There needs to be something rewarding and exciting to do in between the repetitive missions.  Hard West has you simply clicking and reading your way to the next mission.  It really takes away from the quality of the story and dialogue for it to be presented in such a boring way.  Yes you can choose where you are going to visit next on the map and buy and equip items, but the world map has its own set of issues.Overall: 6/10While you will definitely find yourself having fun at times playing this game it will disappear after a few hours and you will probably be feeling buyer's remorse.  It has some really stand out components and shining moments, but it just falls short of other games of its type and games that have a similar price tag.  This game will buy you a few smiles and maybe a few hours of gameplay before you put it back in the “drawer” and never play it again.  Nice try, but it just isn't finished."
76561198071988104,Recommended,307670,19167170,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Shalafi,A masterpiece!!!
76561198022940619,Recommended,307670,24822398,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,IamRomulas,"There was once a pen and paper RPG called Boot Hill, it was created by a company facing obliteration from larger an better organized coporations.  In an attempt at immortality, they offered up their great Western RPG, Boot Hill to the R and D deptartment of an organization called X-COM.  A devoted team of Scientest and Engineers streamlined combat systems and gave the pen and paper product pixels and sound.  But the technology used to do this magic was not fully understood, and a rift formed; and in DOOM like fashion did the forces of Hell seize upon this new X-COM / Boot Hill hybrid, and gave it atmosphere and twisted plots.  And Cthulhu did stir from it's dreaming in agrivation his video games weren't near as kool.  This is a Great piece of work!  mechanics lag every once in a while (if you get the blue spinning wheel of Win thought just wait, the game will catch up), and can be repetitive as any top down squad based stratagy game can be.  But all in all outstanding fun, music, story, and play!"
76561197968116408,Recommended,307670,22859855,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Fishook,"A enjoyable turn based strategy game, with a mix of western and supernatural themes. The lack of manual save system could be a major factor against buying it, Normaly I dislike rogue games and dislike replaying stuff, but it has'nt bothered me in the slightest. As I not a gamer who save scums or plays out different outcomes in games.But it may effect your purchase, There should be a option as not everybody has the time and effort to commit hours to games, Which developers seem to forget these dyas."
76561198062522256,Recommended,307670,19252618,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,tanker_in_tan,"Ok.  This thumbs up is kinda like when you were in school and slowly raised your hand because you kinda thought you knew the answer.  I will update this review after more playtime but since this is a new title I thought I'd give my initial oppinion.  I haven't reached the super-natural side of the game but I can feel it's right around the corner from the events unfolding.So, here we go.Turn based X-COM like combat.  got it.No overwatch.  Whaat?!  (the bad kind of Whaat?!)Shoot a bullet off two buckets and a well to hit that guy around the corner,  Whaat?!  (the good kind of Whaat?)Perks are playing cards that are interchangable between characters...ok, weirdGreat narration in a Sam Elliot kinda way.Perma-death only applies to people who aren't part of the main story so when someone of importance dies you start the mission over.  The game boasts different endings but only for a couple of people I guess.  Like I said earlier, I will update this further after more playtime.  It's a game of revenge, so I guess I can let it slide.  I mean, if the main characters in a character driven story of revenge die...who's left to avenge?That's it.  For now.  So far a great old west turn based speghetti western.  I can't wait to come back as zombie John Mar...wait...that's Red Dead.  I mean't I can't wait to...sell my soul...to the Devil?  I mean, what could possibly go wrong!?I picked this up for $15 USD and I think it's worth it so far.  I like turn based games.  I like Westerns.  I like...selling my soul...Ok, not so much the latter but for $15 bucks you won't have to AND the game won't leave you feeling like an empty husk of a souless Demon."
76561198047652849,Not Recommended,307670,22766356,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,*****play,"Well this is real bad. You play some hours and than, starting a mission, you die immediatly after one round because of some strange buff you've got an hour before. No way to come around, no savegames. Just throw away the last 3 hours of gameplay and start from scratch.VERY FUNNY DEVS!Dont buy."
76561197977651444,Recommended,307670,20151824,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Honey Badger,Like Xcom - but without the aliens and overwatch feature.
,Not Recommended,307670,19320968,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,xylonez♥パンツ,"I think the game has a pretty interesting theme. It has an interesting storyline and great voice over. It has some serious glaring flaws tho, which is why I don't recommend this game.First though, I want to talk about the 3 features that I really like from this game and I think the game do really well at.The Luck System- I think this luck system is just fantastic. For one, your character's abilities consume luck in order to use it. Now here's the interesting part. For every shot that the target dodges/hit, the targets luck gets reduced/increased. This makes the RNG in the game less random.The Card System-  For some events that occured in the game, you could get cards that gives you a bonus stats as well as an active/passive ability. Each character can have up to 5 cards, and if these cards form a hand (think of it like Poker), such as Full House, Four of a Kind, Double Pair, etc, you could get additional bonuses. There are also 2 Joker cards that can become any card and help you get a better hand.The Cover System-  It's pretty similar to XCOM's cover system. The difference lies in the fact that cover also gives you additional defense. For example, without cover, 1 shot will deal 4 damage. With half-cover, it becomes 2 and with full-cover, it becomes 1. No more bulls**t shot that kill your guys behind a full-cover, and it puts heavy emphasize on actually flanking your enemies.Now to the glaring issues.Lacks of Progression- The story is divided into a few scenarios. After you completed each scenario, you can play another scenario. The thing is, any progress you've saved up from the previous scenarios isn't brought to the next one. All the cards you got before? It's now gone. All of the weapons and crew setup that you got before? It's gone as well. The lack of progression makes it hard to continue playing, especially in a story-driven game like this.No Load/Save- You would think that a strategy game would have at least basic feature like this, but nope. There's an autosave kind of thing, so that you can pick up where you've left off before, but there isn't a manual one. And for me, it's not for save-scumming during the game either. It's so that I could explore all possible options in the game world without the need to play the whole scenario again, just so I could know what the outcome is for the other option.AI gets defensive overwatch- Well, it's not exactly an overwatch. It's more like XCOM's Assault class' Close Combat Specialist. All the AI units have this, while your units don't. So they can just walk up to you, flank you, and shoot your units. That's not where the problem ends though, if you want to reposition your flanked unit, well you need to kill it first, otherwise your unit will get shot. It's a pretty dumb mechanic IMHO.There are some balance issues with the cards, the bonuses they provide and the abilities, although it's to be expected on a newly released game.Overall, I think the story itself is pretty solid, although the lacks of progressions kind of prevents you to be immersive with the story. The combat is pretty fun and refreshing, if you don't mind the defensive overwatch that the AI gets. It's worth a buy if you don't mind these issues, otherwise wait for a sale before getting it."
76561198000591184,Not Recommended,307670,20926668,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,[NPULSE]Cryptic,"I am a huge tactics fan but this has very little to bring to the genre.  The story is great but the combat is terrible.-enemies can shoot through whole buildings, not one wall but several.-the ricochet  ability has limited use.  I did not use it once on the first scenario.-overwatch is available to the enemy but not the player often resulting in death.- weapons are not properly displayed in combat.  Have you ever seen someone pump a double barrel?-abilities do not carry over from one campaign to the next. If they had allowed this some missions would have gone smoother. Instead you find yourself playing pick a boo untill you are surrounded and shot one hit point at a time.-cover system is useless.  enemies will be crouched next to barrels etc but in full view of your character and recieve full armor bonus.  You also cant crawl or step through openings , windows, making doors your only option.  Door = bullet magnet.- very little customization in regards to abilities, character apperance and available weapons.This game had the makings to be something great but instead falls flat on its face.  Untill some mods / community patches are available i would not recommend this game."
76561198072826923,Not Recommended,307670,24889124,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,KOS-MOS,"Lost all progress. Saves ""Dissapeared"".Big Rigs had better perfomance than these game.GG dev's. GG."
,Not Recommended,307670,24841250,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,☠mankey☠,"Fun for a while. Not a whole lot of meat to the game though, sure there are quite a few missions but when the content is the same its not very exciting.Hard to get an attachment to your character or other charcters you pick up along the way as each chapter the slate is wiped clean."
,Recommended,307670,19159596,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Sir,"Barrage is life, barrage is love."
76561198007218822,Not Recommended,307670,25487473,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Barticus,Should have been great.  They took away the overwatch and included some sort of ai overwatch if you get close.  Not a great mod for the engine.
76561198168048510,Recommended,307670,19182779,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,late gamer,must buy...................
,Recommended,307670,19155744,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Sir.Tuxedo,"To put it simply, it is a turn-based XCOM-style supernatural strategy game deeply imbued with western aspects and demonic influences.Pros:- A mildly interesting plot- Gravely-voiced Narrator narrating a well-written grim narration- The OST is nice- Cards system for unique abilities is a nice touch.- Price point is good (If not ideal)Cons:- Graphics could do a little touchup- Disjointed story due to breakup into differing scenarios- Performance Issues (Weird freezing at some parts like when opening barter menus- A VERY disappointing 'demon' form (A red-skinned man with red horns :S)- UI is not so great[Will update as I play through the game although it is well worth the 15 bucks)"
,Not Recommended,307670,22743441,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,cornfedboy,"The artwork is great, the story telling is great, and the voice overs are great.Unfortunately, the gameplay is extremely slow even for a tactics game. Gameplay wise, it really doesn't do anything special to set itself apart from any other game in the genre."
76561198087083923,Not Recommended,307670,24057883,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,js42110,"When it works well, this is a great game. Unfortunately, it rarely works well. I enjoyed the first couple of parts in the campaign, then could not make any progress because the game map would repeatedly stop working. As others point out, running into a glitch is disastrous because you can't save. You're forced to start from the beginning each time there's a problem. After several hours wasted replaying scenarios and hoping that the game will finally work I'm done with it. It's too bad. This would have been a great game if it worked."
76561197972303260,Recommended,307670,19201902,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Wrathamon,This game is awesome!
76561197974648186,Recommended,307670,19180133,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,hindrek,Its a fix for the xcom2 starved crowd.
,Not Recommended,307670,25199508,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,DynamiteKnight,"First of all, on a scale of 1 - 10, 10 being highly recommended, I would give it around 5. So it's not a ""AVOID IT LIKE A PLAGUE"" but more ""MEH, IT'S FINE...""I have a lot of problems with this game, from the constant, temporary ""hanging"" (around 3 - 5 seconds at random times), to the story choices that in the end don't really matter as much, to the scenario-based campaign style with no carry over of characters and traits.That being said, it was still quite fun. It's a western, grid tactical, less polished X Com type of game. The battles are fun.Buy only on sale."
76561198090645448,Not Recommended,307670,21447690,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,roumano,"too buggy on Linux, can't play"
,Recommended,307670,22746611,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Bruce Wayne,"Great Fun! XCOM in the Wild West, try it!"
,Recommended,307670,22743271,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Traumeel,Super cool game. Play on Hard level
76561197962311759,Recommended,307670,23842994,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hans_Dat_Do_Dishes,"A genuinely original take on Rebelstar Raiders/Xcom type gameplay with voice acting and plots worthy of a AAA game.Even though characters aren't carried between chapters, there is an overarching plot that gives the entire game a theme that persists throughout. One of the most original games I have played in many years."
76561198102550494,Not Recommended,307670,32456386,Posted: 15 June,all,JimJamBonks,"Fairly dull gameplay, characters and progression system, but far worse is the save system.For a game that works on a ""% chance of hit"" it really needs more frequent saves. Some levels are really long, with several stages, and even if you do everyhing right luck can be against you, and then you have over an hour of tedious game to play through again. Even if it had check points or something mid-level it would be ok, but after a couple of times investing up to an hour in a level just to have to drudge through it again from the start (when it wasn't overly gripping the first time) it is like a big 'screw you' to the player."
76561198046582634,Recommended,307670,20939534,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,BlaizeArtz,"Here's a video I did on it:https://youtu.be/8713Tjh4KfU?list=PLYoRcETHLyMUs5Xdpu5jusjWyykQhm7D_I like it; overall gameplay elements like luck and ability cards add to the standard turn-based strategy elements of the game. The 'essential character' makes every situation a do-or-die situation since I just started again with the 'Ironman' modifier on.Story-wise it's repetitive, although most games like this (X-Com for example) suffer from repitition- then again, what game doesn't? To break that up, you've got prospecting, mini-stories, a whole range of things going - but that can be a little distracting."
76561198169475792,Recommended,307670,22681797,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Maximuffin2,"this is a recurring problem for me and this game is too good to just dismiss becuase of my lousy fps. YES i recommend you play the game, but there is something ruining the fps on my moniter. not all of my games have an fps lag, but i did upgrade to a windows 10 cyperpowerpc. if anyone has advice on how to increase fps PLEASE, PLEASE TELL ME, this is a game too good to view as a laggy mess!"
76561198058474254,Recommended,307670,25002115,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Manamuse,Gave me a hard-on
,Not Recommended,307670,24245840,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Lt. Don Draper,"It's a fun, not too complicated, turn based game with lots of preparatory options. Its main strengths are the preparation, the prevented save-scumming, and charm with the story and characters. I want to give this game a positive review, but...I need to give a negative review based on personal experience with bugs and unfortunately, crashing leads to a restart of the combat experience. Why not save every turn, or after each objective, and give an option to restart?I am currently stuck on the map because I can't move away from a location-point."
76561198068236524,Recommended,307670,29662924,Posted: 2 February,all,Gruff,This game has an interesting take on cowboy/mystica turn based combatl play with some very interesting story line. Odd to begin with how you change characters. Can't say more without possibly spoiling the story. It's very well done. I guess a play through would take about 18. As of writing this; The game is on sale. Hence I'm writing to say buy this game now if you think you may enjoy it. Chances are good you will enjoy it.
76561197961730991,Not Recommended,307670,25097428,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Khali,"Well, getting as far as the tutorial and getting rid of this game is pretty much a record for me but when the tutorial ends before what I consider to be a key moment, ie indicating how to actually finish the tutorial and deal with the 'star' then it fails.  Frustrating and annoying."
,Recommended,307670,28603913,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,sandfella,Jagged Allienceish cool game.
76561197969379991,Recommended,307670,30044509,Posted: 19 February,all,Grandmaster of Pwn,X-Com with a more interesting setting.
76561198041434730,Recommended,307670,30060736,Posted: 20 February,all,sweetwargasm,this game is close to Xcom style playing.
76561198006554105,Recommended,307670,23460183,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Shredni,"Excellent 'Weird West' strategy game. A well crafted setting with a great atmosphere. The graphics add to the feel of the game in my opinion, and the game play is simple yet challenging. I heartilly recommend."
,Recommended,307670,27689907,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kuroha,X-COM X Supernatural Wild West
,Recommended,307670,22822254,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Poisoned Venom,An excellent turn based western with solid gameplay mechanics and a good story.
76561198076757633,Recommended,307670,19222694,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,svf204,"If you really, really like murdering folks turnbased-styel, this is prettty much a must play. It's got very, very interesting mechanics, for fans of the genre, a fun atmosphere, a few neat whistels and bells, and, if turn based combat is your thing, I don't know that you can ask for anything more.On the other hand, if you are only neatrual about turn based killing, then...well, the varius parts of the game don't  hold together all that well and the whole thing is sort of wierd, and probably not all that satisfying.But if you are like me and whenever you played JA or XCOM you were all  like ""this is ok, but I wish there was a kind of unneccessary poker mechanic, and OH YEAH WHY THE CRAP CAN'T I BE A COWBOY?!?"" then this game is pretty much a gift from heaven."
76561198010919809,Recommended,307670,20579409,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ObsidianRook,Enjoyed this quite a bit. At least when I could pay attention to it. :)
,Recommended,307670,23880369,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Draxonfly,So awesome!!
76561198014940948,Recommended,307670,19195835,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ysleen,"Deadlands RPG setting (for the connoisseurs), with very tactical combats, and a challenging difficulty, with a nice story (actually, several ones), great musical score and voice over, so... it's really a great surprise"
,Recommended,307670,19220896,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Gingerbread Man,"Leaving out Overwatch was a delibrate thing by the staff. Not an oversight, and I think it's better for it.It's hardcore, as it should be. It's the wild west, named HARD west, and if people drop to 0 hp they are dead.As with most games, people outrage not understanding all the mechanics of the game.For 20 bucks it's worth it."
,Recommended,307670,19177168,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,CharlieGsanD,"not my usual type of game, but i must say, this was so well excuted it has won me over.gameplay seems pretty balanced, artwork & visuals are well done. overall the game does a great job of creating the atmospherelooking forward to a sequel or some more missions/chapters & charachter lines to explore. im hooked!at the moment the game Does not Scale properly to Support ultrawide resolutions/monitors. BUT! after posting about this on my review, one of the Developers reached out to let me know a fix is in the works! 11/22/1512-1-15 -  patch 1.2 is out & the game is now scaling properly for ultrawide. and it sure does look purdy ;)"
76561197965093257,Recommended,307670,19194262,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,braveheartii,"For fans of the original XCOM: UFO Defense and the relaunch in XCOM: Enemy Unknown, this is a must. Well worth the price and the time. A bit disjointed in the storyline but thats okay. Card system is interesting and a good retake on the leveling up most other games use. Game is really centered on the combat but at least that part is very well done. A labor of love and it shows, well done Dev's!"
76561198018810717,Recommended,307670,19280085,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,dietricht9890,"Reminds me of Deadlands/Doomtown P&P RPG, im not much of a western fan, but when you throw occult/Dark fiction into the mix it's an amazing game setting, I would like to see the native american indian mythos/Spirits in there and mabie a character creation system (Just a thought if your up for any sequals or updates or anything), awesome game I love it!thanks Creative forge.10/10"
76561197993434353,Not Recommended,307670,28532288,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Tequila Gus,Game keeps crashing during certain missions.  The game is actually pretty fun to play when it works.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone till the stability increases.
,Recommended,307670,32420731,Posted: 14 June,all,dulBIRAKAN [Linux],"OK so this is an isometric turn based squad strategy game, but at the same time it is so much more. Good scenario, great atmosphere and solid game play all comes together. The game feels complete (something of a rarity these days)."
76561198088767929,Recommended,307670,21659352,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,jackryan529,The game is only 3 hours long.it's a okay game.
76561198006890293,Recommended,307670,19201328,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,The Wallachian Boyar,"Steep learning curve, horrid tutorial, some obscure rules. Overall very good game, however, thoroughly enjoyable."
76561197973490554,Recommended,307670,29763879,Posted: 7 February,all,xsvenom,"One of the best games I have bought on Steam. Got it on sale too! Loads of fun. Great western theme. Not much more to say other than this game is A+. If you can get it on sale next time around, do so. Or if you just want to play a really good game at an already fair price, just buy it."
76561197968802228,Recommended,307670,33240376,Posted: 4 July,all,Buunshe,Nice
76561198009512112,Recommended,307670,28389279,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,A230385,"A very dark RPG in a western world filled with demons. The story is basicly all text, but the combat feels fresh with clever combat mechanics, and fun combat abilities. Looks pretty awesome too. I think I fell in love with this world, I can only say one thing: MORE PLS!!!"
,Not Recommended,307670,31928526,Posted: 23 May,all,Inderdog Farmskins.com,"Actually it's a great game with great storygreat narrator sound and ""hard"" combat systemBut it's still full of bug that won't let you continue on the story and without manual save.Even restart whole new scenario bug still same won't let me continue.I recommand to buy Hard west at steam sales or else."
,Recommended,307670,29208649,Posted: 12 January,all,Ernedar,"So. About Hard West:Well... First thing you need to have in mind, when you are looking on this game is, that it is form Kickstarter studio, not an AAA publisher.Hard to say that it can be seen on some things around the game:1) AI - In some occasions you will just stare at your monitor, shaking your head and telling yourself: ""WTF? Did he just made, what I see he did?""2) Non fighting content. If you take X-COM Fight style put it together with Darkest Dungeon storyteller wrap it to Wild West theme and stamp it with Lovecraft stamp, you just get Hard West in rough shapes. Between single fighting scenes, which have gorgeous graphics, you will read lots and lots of text, which make Story of this game as it is.3) Precisely crafted storyline. Here is good to say that I am a bit in story games. But this game I uninstalled after like an hour. Because of constant text reading. After like two days I felt terrible about it and install it again.Since then I played two chapters and I must say that I will play whole game.That game is simple. It is definitly not a precisely cut diamond, but what you find in it is pure and worthy."
76561198332123354,Recommended,307670,29237365,Posted: 13 January,all,Phil McRotch,Amazing great gameplay and storyline and exceptional graphics 10/10
,Recommended,307670,29116938,Posted: 8 January,all,thebluerider,Great tactical combar RPG. Nice story.
76561198040906855,Recommended,307670,29236411,Posted: 13 January,all,Spite,"Hard West as you'll hear is ""XCOM with Cowboys"", there's definitely some truth in that but Hard West is still a fun game on it's own merits, particulary I found the Story telling engaging and was thoroughly compelled throughout to read each bit of text as it told me a little more each time about the surrounding area and the possibility of opening up new places for me to visit and plunder via dialogue options.The combat is very much in the like of XCOM as you take control of a character in each of the main scenarios and a few extra companions along the way, taking turns to move, shoot and take cover as you try to find the best way to kill enemies with your Rifles, Six Shooters and Double Barreled Shotguns. In the same vein as most games, there's some customisation in what arsenal of items and weapons you can take and also extra boosts to stats in the form of playing Cards, one thing that it does well is that it's not overbearing with tons of options and neither underwhelming with too few at the same time.The aesthetic and feel of the scenarios of overworld map give a decent impression of a small landscape out in the middle of the Wild West, not only this but it adds an extra dark layer on top that there's something more sinister afoot in the lands, which I enjoyed a lot especially in the cut scenes at the start of each scenario and the great voiceover, selling the tales of each character.It's a definitely possibility that the Gameplay maybe doesn't sell the Characters as well as the Cut Scenes do, I didn't feel the most engaging when actually playing out the attacking missions, in comparison to XCOM this is where the game does feel a little bare, the Sounds of the Guns, Enemies dying and the Animations of the characters are lacking in visual feedback, this is a small gripe and obviously for an smaller indie title it's nothing to fret over.Overall I would really recommend this game to anyone who likes the Turn Based Tactical style game, the Wild West aesthetic was enjoyable and engrossed me into each of the scenarios really ewasily. One more point about the scenarios from my playthrough is that I tended to play for an Hour or 2 here and there complete a Scenario, then come back to the Game and start a brand new one a few days later and wouldn't be lost trying to remember what my characters did.I purchased the game with the DLC, I would heartily recommend you get it along with the game, I definitely felt like I'd gotten my moneys worth and could easily see myself possibly going for a second playthrough to 100% it."
76561198006884002,Recommended,307670,29256205,Posted: 14 January,all,AngryAttorney,"This game has it's ups and downs, ( looking at you Scars of Freedom,) but the gameplay is there. If you're looking for a tactical challenging game similar to Xcom, this is the game. There tends to be frame rate drops, and I even had it freeze and had to wait it out (last turn to win a match.) The narrator is phenomenal, some of the campaigns have good stories, while others... well they have stories at least. Recommend."
76561198274541970,Recommended,307670,32455573,Posted: 15 June,all,Retrorecall,"Picked this up the other day and I haven't been able to put it down since, great game! I love the story telling style, it reminds me of old dos days and text games.Definitely worth picking up!"
,Not Recommended,307670,33663805,Posted: 19 July,all,Goldyray! ^_^,"I like the game, I only give it a thumbs down for it's crashing a LOT. And I find myself having to redo a lot of what I did to get to the battle to have it crash over again. Sometimes it runs, sometimes it doesn't. When it runs it's a fun game, but it very rarey runs smoothly. I thought maybe my computer's resources weren't strong enough, but I had the game working perfectly once along with quite a few other programs running so that's not the issue. I'll change to a thumbs up once a patch comes out to fix it. I hope one comes soon. For now I'm too frustrated to keep trying, I'll give it a shot again with each update and once it stops crashing constantly I'll give this a better review. But so far I only made it through 3 battles, don't have the gumption to go through all the other stuff to get to the next battle to have it crash on me again. :( Otherwise, great game! Different enough from X-com and others like that to keep interested."
76561197991061649,Recommended,307670,33579527,Posted: 16 July,all,[FGR]Taffin1,"WoW, Its a expectioanly good game."
76561198039870233,Recommended,307670,33573189,Posted: 15 July,all,KzKz,Good
,Recommended,307670,28367229,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Spudgun,"An absolute must for fans of turn-based strategy games. Atmospheric, challenging, deep and tons of fun.I picked this up on sale thinking ""Meh, for a fiver this should keep me entertained for a couple of hours.""I blinked, seven hours had passed, and I had a very angry wife."
76561198007513026,Recommended,307670,30458131,Posted: 11 March,all,malcolmmackay224,"I finished them main campaign in about 25 hours and mostly enjoyed playing it. Quite a few rough edges but overall the game is well worth playing. Most of the complaints have centered around the lack of a ""save anywhere"" feature. This is a bit annoying but it has its benifts. I definitely enjoyed not having to save scum. I gave up on XCOM 2 because at normal difficulty I found I needed to save scum very frequently.The DLC ""Scars of Freedom"" isn't worth the asking price. It is very poorly balanced, seems like they rushed it out to make a few dollars."
76561197996375739,Recommended,307670,19457300,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,GlopPaglop,"The game is engaging, polished, plenty of well designed ideas but there's one thing I hate: the saving system. What a pity to artificially increase the game length and the difficulty level by forcing the player to restart the levels over and over again because your hero got unluckily shot by the last man standing. Hey devs, what about a Fire Emblem-like saving mechanics as a middle solution?Everything else is really cool if you like the genre."
,Recommended,307670,32407031,Posted: 14 June,all,Vidopoulos,"For 5$, it's fine.In general... ... It's ... ok. Just ok. Nothing special."
76561198128929970,Not Recommended,307670,28831815,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,johnny_dingdong,"Tedious...enemy turns take forever, you cant save during battle so theres a lot of frustration when something goes wrong. The game isnt that easy so a lot does go wrong...This game would benefit a lot from some kind of weapon upgrade or character development system. There is the thing with the playing cards but thats just not good enough.I cant really recommend it but im playing it even though its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥so there is something about it..."
76561198024260931,Recommended,307670,26853051,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cylon7,"Story is crazy, but game is OK"
76561198004049763,Recommended,307670,26729387,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,RedRook,Plays like XCOM but has more charm. Shorter game play sessions. There is less depth but you won't even notice it.
76561198077120269,Recommended,307670,34637933,Posted: 31 August,all,Me4tWag0n,"BETTER THAN ANY XCOM!Great to see someone using this mechanic and ADVANCING it. The removal of an overwatch feature and the use of a ""luck"" system,(a really cool way to deal with the way the chance of shots connecting) really show that these guys are moving the game mechanic forward.Like being within a few tiles of an enemy always gives you a 100% chance of connecting with a shot. LOVE IT.I cant tell you how stupid and infuriating it is playing games like XCOM where you are on the tile right next to an enemy, only to have a 55% chance of hitting them? SO DUMB, but THIS game solves that.The story setup is also impressive and cool. I love the way the story starts, then allows you to play the prequel, then the divergent path, etc. What a fun way to setup a story. So well done.And the overworld game is basically a text adventure, which i found i rather liked, as opposed to Xcom's constantly interrupting and confusing stupid overworld game layer.THIS is the game people should use as an example of turn based strategy being iterated on. THIS game is the next step in the right direction.  WAY TO GO GUYS!! THE DLC IS GREAT TOO!!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!"
76561198201673701,Recommended,307670,32400043,Posted: 13 June,all,davidmurphey18,"I played all the campaign, & i can say 100% this is a good game."
,Recommended,307670,34299637,Posted: 16 August,all,[NDC]Octane,"This game is the ultimate X-Com-style turn based tactical combat game for it's price.  The story rich execution in combination with the sound track is remarkable.  The unimaginable scenarios involving satanic like storylines and characters further enhances the will to play on.  If you love the American Wild West as well as the occult, and the mechanics of turn based shooters, this is right for you. Not bad for Polish-Slavic developers to grasp such an American legend of the West, well done fellas!  I recommend this game for those who like single player."
,Recommended,307670,32419805,Posted: 14 June,all,Binky Boppin,"This game is fantastic!It feels very authentically 'western', very well done. Immersive even, and that's saying a lot for a cowboy game.The narrative is excellent imo, I'm drawn into the story and my actions and decisions in the game are very much based on how the story treats me.Gameplay is more complex than I thought, although I originally thought it'd be free movement during a turn rather than moving across squares/spaces. But the card/attribute/ability system is excellent! I enjoy fiddlign around with the cards and looking at the different bonuses you can come up with. Currently on a full aim/bonus damage build.Lastly, the fact that enemies are hidden until in LoS is great because you can think you've got it in the bag when all of a sudden a baddie comes up the stairs and lays your partner out with a double barrel 10G shotgun. Improper placement of your men can tip the scales for the enemy!I heavily recommend this game, especially on sale - but I would have been happy if I'd paid full price on this particular game. I've had it a day and already put 8 hours into it.TL;DR - Get this and enjoy the fantastic western narrative and choice making system. Gameplay is more complex and thought provoking than it seems from the trailers. Try harder difficulty or it can feel easy."
,Recommended,307670,25202789,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Luxxor,"Lacks the depth and replayability of Xcom, but still fun"
,Recommended,307670,20616561,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,abdalla,Excellent Game
,Recommended,307670,33945756,Posted: 1 August,all,BrotherLewis,Works under Debian Linux
,Recommended,307670,35254663,Posted: 27 September,all,Deadnight,Just got it but I can already tell I like it.It's like XCOM and Deadlands had a baby.
76561198007960409,Recommended,307670,21768866,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,BackboneOne,"this setting is driving me mad! FANTASTIC, i want to see a movie one day!love the characters and whole dark world that is charming. mechanics are great too, could use some more depth in future and i very looking forward for a sequel, thank you."
76561198041381810,Not Recommended,307670,35460428,Posted: 3 October,all,zona,Mine for gold.  I'm an idiot.  I have no clue how to move on from the intro...
,Recommended,307670,28238318,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,Fallout 2 with demons.
,Not Recommended,307670,30974325,Posted: 5 April,all,Bob,"First of all, I have to say I don't recommend just to balance the reviews.Because not everything is bad and if you play games only for stories, you will most probably enjoy this game. Moreover, the narrator is pretty amazing and each chapter has it's own game mechanism which enhances the story telling: for example, the chapter focused on a mad scientist alloys you to create new weapons as you get madder.So why the negative review then?Well, the meat of the game is supposed to be tactical combat, and it's really lackluster. The cover system is just terrible (being in cover reduces chances to be hit AND damage taken, so, most of the time, there's no point in shooting at enemies in cover), the A.I. is terrible (I criticised to cover system, but most enemies won't bother to go in cover, which is the wrong way to solve the problem) and the movements allowed are very restricted (so you're near a window and you want to reach that box just outside? Sorry, you can't jump through the window, you have to take 5 turns to leave the house through the door).To add insult to injury, the game is terribly unbalanced: to clear the first map of each chapter, luck is as important as skill, but once you buy good weapons and acquire good cards (which you get randomly, give you skill and improve your stats), all challenge is gone.To resume, it goes from tedious to boringly easy.So if you want a tactical game, don't buy this game. If you're looking for a good story, why not."
76561197993943302,Not Recommended,307670,30491382,Posted: 13 March,all,TheFourthEye,"This game has game breaking bugs. I reached a mission that crashes the game every time I try to start it. I reached out to the devs and they did try to help, but ultimately there was no resolution. Sadly, the mission in question was past the 2 hour window to return. I've played hundreds of games on this machine with no problems (even graphically intensive games like DOOM 2016), so there is simply no reason why I should have trouble playing a top down tactics game such as this. It's obvious that the coding is somehow subpar.Buyer beware with this title. It was fun enough albeit a bit thin as far as I was able to get, but bugs that break the game entirely are simply inexcusable."
76561197971640510,Recommended,307670,19253345,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Huggles `,"I have a lot of games. I play quality stuff. Look at my profile, you'll see.Hard West is the best game on steam. Period.GET IT!"
,Not Recommended,307670,21258722,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,SpicySweet,"One very simple feature you find in turn-based games is the ability to ""hold ground"" or ""defend"": otherwise known in the XCOM world as ""Overwatch"". No matter what you call it, the feature is intentionally absent from this game. Why? Because the developers, in all their ""grand wisdom"" felt it was a good idea to not have it.Correction, not have it FOR THE PLAYER! The AI still has it, just not you. How much of a slap in the face is that? Developers who think they need to remake-the-wheel are annoying. ""If it's not broken, fix it until it is"", that's CreativeForge Game's way of doing things.This game would be great of not for that single annoyance. But, because of it, the game is just too annoying to enjoy. So, read the forums and watch for it to change before you buy. And, most importantly, don't hold your breath, because the developers have grabbed their cash and ran: game development on this title is D*E*A*D!"
76561198100973899,Not Recommended,307670,19281488,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,oatmealnoob,"This is a super unique game and it's very fun, but so far there are too many bugs. The game *consistently* freezes on loading screens, forcing me to Force Quit the game. Upon restarting the game continues freezing at the same loading screens, making me unable to access certain areas. And I'm only a couple hours into the game (and at least 30 or 60 minutes of that playtime was me adjusting settings, figuring things out, etc, so I'm really not very far at all).In short, I would like to recommend this game to others but because of it's game-breaking bugs (other players have been reporting several other bugs as well in addition to the ones I've experienced) I wish I had never spent money on this game and I suggest other players stay away until the game is hopefully fixed."
76561198133072255,Not Recommended,307670,19320861,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Tower194,"As always before buying I read all the negative reviews, and thought: ""No overwatch or manual save system? That doesn't sound too bad."" And at first it wasn't, in fact I enjoyed it greatly.  That is, until the second homestead defence mission which I had to restart 5 or 6 times because Florence would get killed (more often than not while in cover) by one of the last remaining enemies.  So I quit out of frustration and came back in an hour, and upon pressing 'continue' found that I was taken back to the very first mission/tutorial.  Now, I suspect that that's a bug which is very easy to fix, however, with Steam's 2 hour refund window, I'd rather not grind through the whole thing again.Shame of it is, I adore every other aspect. The aesthetic, setting, card system, all great.So, to reiterate, the lack of a save system and early defensive ablities makes this otherwise lovely title much more frustrating than it should be."
76561198006754327,Not Recommended,307670,19320106,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Fabness,"It started off good, but it seriously get boring and repetitive real fast once you figured out the whole game.There is also many glitches at this point and tend to bug the game out.Really annoying when you are doing it on Hard mode with Ironman on if the bug wasnt cleared.It does have it own charm with a Turn Based Tactical Shooter base on a Wild West, but once that novelty wear off it get old pretty quick.Every Scenario in the game does give you different spin to the otherwise same format, but the fact is that its REALLY NOT AN RPG, since you cant really change much of each character attribute/level up in the way we used to. The fact you can customise everyone Shooting Ability base on Cards are cool, but it weird you can give anyone any kind of ability with no lore tied to it. How the heck can a lady in distress gain the ability to transform into a demon? Its just get absurd here and there.I would give a Thumb down for now until they fixed some of the bigger bugs. For a 20 buck game though one cant really ask for too much these days, but not really Values for Money right now.The story been cool, but then again, it leaves tons of unanswered plotholes in my opinion: does that mean DLCs will come in the future? I do hope so, otherwise its a game that look promising but kind of ended up meh due to the very short campaign which one can finish under 12hr on normal mode."
,Not Recommended,307670,19364163,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,cliff.brown.uk,"This game is great, and does what it says, but it very buggy, especially on a Mac. Game keeps hanging in Chapter 2, and I can't proceed. There also seems to be no means to reporting bugs to the developers."
76561198043987666,Recommended,307670,19177211,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,pineapplesauce,If you are a fan of turned based combat system with classical weapons like the winchester rifle and the 6 shot revolver then this game is for you. Hard West delightfully blends the dark sense of forboding found in games like the darkest dungeon with complex and interactive turned based combat found in xcom and fallout2. Great job Gambitious and CreativeForge!!
,Recommended,307670,19340885,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,GusDeCooL,"Pro- good turn based strategy- using cover system, similar like xcom- gun variety with its special functionCons- narrator boring voice but it will be even worse if there is no voice- boring BGM, i only hear 1 BGM- no specialty class, so all character is master using all type of gun- Crash bug, i found like the game crash more than 10 times, thanks to autosave, i didn't throw this game- Freezing Bugs, there is sometime the game is freezing, but after wait sometime it can continue- Bugs- BugsConclusion:Despite having many minus point, this game is good to play, it's just the ambush that usually♥♥♥♥♥♥us off.e.g: if we too close to enemy, they shoot us automatically but enemy can come to us and we didn't soot automatically.Summary: good to play, while waiting xcom 2 released"
76561198201643895,Not Recommended,307670,25256533,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,NathanBloodSpatter,"This game is sort of clunky. There seems to be a lot of good ideas, but they don't seem to come together. Many of the plot elements seemed baked in, the pacing of the story is unrewarding, and there seems to be only an illusion of choice. When I beat a level in XCOM, I felt like I had really accomplished something. When I beat a level in this, I feel like sort of grimey, like I ate too many bowls of cereal or forgot to shower. It's not a terrible game, it just is a little boring and inconsistent. There's a level where you kill a bunch of people on repeat and grab something from a desk and then walk back. There's no extra parts of the level on the walk back...just walking. Just a long dumb walk back to the starting point for...no reason."
76561198005771481,Not Recommended,307670,20336315,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Frank,"Games stalls on splash screen, and won't start.  (Stalls on the screen at the start with the seated cowboy.)  Hopefully a patch will fix this.  Seems like a good concept for a game.  Would have liked to try it."
76561198002733966,Not Recommended,307670,20861318,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Bad_sport,"Like: Dark story, narration, overall look and feel of the gameDislike: The combat mechanics are counterintuitive and obviously buggy: enemies inside a building on the top floor are somehow visible, you as well. You can ""flank"" somone behind full cover only to find the cover hasn't reduced. The movement path for characters isn't shown resulting in sometimes bizzare pathing choices. The chance to hit and the AI are both obviously broken under some conditions - you can find yourself shooting round after round at an ememy without them ever moving or firing back, they just ""pass turn"" every time.I've just quit the last playthrough after firing over 50 shots at a demon that wouldn't move or fire back at 53% hit chance, and missing every time. It doesn't take a genius to know that missing 50 out of 50 shots at a 53% hit chance is pretty unlikely. I could shoot at him but not hit him despite what the percentage said, and he wouldn't move or fire back. I finally went closer and spotted his shadow but could not fire at him despite him being out in the open, the option was greyed out. The next round he charged and one-shotted me. Not very staisfying.Clearly this needs work, which is a shame because it's a great idea, but with the combat mechanics so unreliable at this stage I won't be playing it until they patch. I like challenging and dangerous games, but only if the mechanics are clear, reliable, and not bugged."
,Recommended,307670,20899667,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Macbeth,"i enjoyed hard west because i often like taking it up the bum, hard"
,Recommended,307670,30395724,Posted: 8 March,all,Arthur Savage,♥♥♥♥♥was lit my man buy this game if you in da hood.
76561198007659786,Not Recommended,307670,28353812,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Killuminati,"Despite shutting off shadows,  lowering graphical settings,  and playing in windowed mode (all of which are suggestions on the forums for people with constant freezing and crashes),  I can't get through the second turn in the tutorial without the game freezing or crashing.  This is the only game I have a problem running and I play some pretty hardware intensive games.  Based on that I obviously don't recommend it."
,Recommended,307670,20391317,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Blood Arnie,"You've made a pact with a devil. You've been dealt a bad hand... Your amulet promised you gold, but all you've got is a shotgun blast to the face."
76561198023098564,Not Recommended,307670,20184855,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Icipher,"First it seemed like a lot of fun, but the way of the storytelling is very boring and you don't really get into it. Stop playing after 2 hours..."
,Not Recommended,307670,20282410,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Marco the Fallen,"Sadly, I went in with high hopes in this game.I mean: a TBS game with RPG elements, on a ""western with occult"" theme and a well-drawn atmosphere/UI? What could possibly go wrong?With only a few minutes in, I have seen what made this game so apart from other good tbs:-no game saving during the scenario: which means long, weird strategies where you have to begin again when you need to replay or situations where you actually have to replay the whole scenario to do something, tragically, you lose everything from one scenario to another;-the obvious defensive tactics: I mean, you cannot defend, overwatch (duh!) or make complex strategies with your turns, just attacking when your time comes;-weird AI: I mean, usually in TBSs, we have the conscious AI that do not throw themselves in an attempt for self-preservation. However, not in this game, you don't. They usually run across the map, on the open, just trying to flank the hell out of you with one hit kills. Quite frustrating indeed, considering their numbers and weird situations.-rpg elements: well, the story have strange, unnecessary parts and you usually expect your decisions to matter. Not this time, though. Temporary allies, text progression and desperate meaningless warnings.Despite that, if you are curious and have frustration-denial abilities, it does have some nice art and UI, interesting mechanics (luck-defense, card-perks and cover making) and great maps/scenarios to fight in.(Maybe the next one! Instant refund.)"
76561197963831106,Recommended,307670,32375091,Posted: 12 June,all,Tyrant,I wanted to watch the world burnAnd i got exactly what I wantedSeattle should have ran the ball
,Recommended,307670,31128992,Posted: 13 April,all,Tep naega naega hae,I am normally not really into single-player game but this is just so gooood! Highly recommended for anyone who is into stratgic game (:
76561198010602370,Recommended,307670,31089209,Posted: 11 April,all,chalcidian,Love this game.  I want more of it.
76561198026359358,Recommended,307670,19508190,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,2283jamie,love this game!
76561198023211612,Not Recommended,307670,20248752,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,When is John Wick 3 Coming Out?,"Sounded like a really cool game, wanted to get into it, but game crashed half-way through first campaign: character and map location wouldnt' load.  Restarted campaign, couldn't even earn cash from prospecting.  So two game breaking bugs in a row on first playthrough."
,Not Recommended,307670,19970052,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ifdattic,"An interesting approach to turn-based strategy game. Unfortunatelly it tries to do so many things that all of them feel mediocre rather than having a few excelent features. The user interface is bad and clunky. It wouldn't be so bad if the game wasn't so damn slow. Play if you want a turn-based strategy game and finished all the other games from that category, otherwise there are better games."
76561197962613916,Not Recommended,307670,25039943,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,aj^,"The turn-based combat is good. Really has a nice feel to the shooting and using luck as a game mechanic.However, the story is a problem. It doesn't really make you want to keep playing. You play as different protagonists, but I found it too confusing to put all the storylines together. It started off fun, but quickly degenerated into characters I barely could remember and didn't care what happened to.It's an interesting spin though, so not too bad."
76561198312889971,Not Recommended,307670,24076705,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,lelo111111,Game is not very good.Decent:Decent graphics.Decent turn-based gameplay.Bad:Game breaking bugs.The way the single player story is presented is bad.Jumping around through several places in the map.Only get the game if you desperately need to scratch your XCOM itch.
,Recommended,307670,24896287,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,[VoS]DMNL,Apparently text must go here. The game is great but I am not going to bother pretending to be a journalist to tell you so.
,Recommended,307670,29194612,Posted: 11 January,all,Laughing Man,Yee
,Recommended,307670,32314855,Posted: 10 June,all,kkgg84,If you can overlook the bugs it's a very enjoyable intro to turn based combat
76561197989580897,Recommended,307670,32438190,Posted: 15 June,all,Sugga Daddy,"Great Story, Simple game, Hardcore sometimes.Like a Real Man!(The people that you see crying about, is the ones that save the game before take any action. If you are available and looking for a Real Man, avoid that kind of specimen.)"
,Recommended,307670,33294050,Posted: 5 July,all,!?,Fun and interesting turn based strat game.
76561198011607356,Not Recommended,307670,29933134,Posted: 14 February,all,05102017,"If you like turn base tactic shooters like XCOM, then you may like this game. I like the multiple stories and fantasy western theme of the game and how crazy things get. I would only buy if the game is on sale, which I did, I can't find justification to buy this one full priced."
76561198028943038,Recommended,307670,31534328,Posted: 3 May,all,Lieline,"Fighting system/AI is little bit weakStory and music are fineLike the style!Not a great game, but far better than most of $69.99 games."
76561198098025238,Recommended,307670,31005315,Posted: 7 April,all,Xtra.Large,Very good game...Hard but rewarding!
76561198010177544,Not Recommended,307670,32556573,Posted: 18 June,all,custommotor,"I like this game I really do. It reminds me of Fallout 1 and 2 and games like that. The story is great and the mixture of turn based gameplay and strategic play is great.But, and it's a big BUT. The save system is horrible. The game crashes every once in awhile and when you come back in the game forgot your autosave and quick save. I have tried switch the saves in the game folders and it works sometimes, but rarely. Until they fix the save system and have save slots like any other rpg I can't recommend this great game, because of that one key aspect. I hate playing a game just to have to start over completely everytime I come back."
,Not Recommended,307670,33827396,Posted: 27 July,all,erhnunal,Gives me APPCRASH and wont be able to play game for even 1 sec
76561198107662042,Recommended,307670,19199654,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,cloning_souls,"brilliant gamethe combat plays like x com but with more depth,.there are neat features like shooting through soft cover like tent canvasaltering the cover youre behind to give you more protection..spotting hidden enemies by the shadows they castand lots of other brilliant features9/10"
,Recommended,307670,20879944,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,PMA,"En ole varma siitä, että olenko vain liian pro vai onko ""Vaikea"" Länsi vaikeimmalla vaikeusasteella liian helppo. Muutoin peli vaikuttaa hyvältä."
,Not Recommended,307670,28475082,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,dreadgnat,"The story isn't that good, there is no customization, and most importantly the battle isn't that fun.  It isn't a terrible game, but it isn't worth buying."
76561197987522055,Recommended,307670,33141278,Posted: 2 July,all,Insanity Carrot,This review is just to give this game a Thumbs Up. I've played a few hours and I really enjoy it. The card system is a nice aspect of the game. Its just a good time.
76561198323566257,Recommended,307670,34028856,Posted: 4 August,all,sclarke5,Great Game!
,Not Recommended,307670,34309153,Posted: 17 August,all,Moonbear,"Not a bad game overall. Pretty decent turn-based combat and card deck perk system is interesting. BUT.I had to uninstall this game without finishing it cause my savefile got corrupted. After some update my party somehow got moved outside map borders so I couldn't continue and had to restart the whole scenario from scratch. I hate it when saves become corrupted, imho it's the worst of game bugs that can ever happen. Besides this game has Unity as its engine, and we know well that turn-based 3rd person tactical games don't usually turn out really good with this engine (remember Wasteland 2?). Nice try tho. Good luck, devs, next time choose some other engine, Unity is for mobile games mostly."
76561198038049601,Recommended,307670,24806316,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Bees,"its ok,i like it.Story is good, scenario based.A bit basic. Art very good.Warren is a cool character."
76561197976400969,Recommended,307670,21043242,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Oatmeal Pete,"I really enjoyed this game.They nailed the atmosphere of a macabre western without overdoing it. Demons, monsters, and magic are the background to the world, and the narrator has a dry delivery that really adds to that atmosphere.The gameplay has fun squad level turn based combat with some neat spins that you won't find elsewhere. The card mechanic stands out as especially unique, though there were a lot of combinations that were a little overpowered.One thing I'd like to see change in a sequel is the episodic nature of the campaign. I'd like to unlock cards and keep my characters through a longer, singular campaign, rather than start from scratch in every story segment.I'd say buy it if you like weird west, and/or turn-based strategy. And when you start playing, don't be discouraged by the overworld map. It is weird at first, but turns out to be fun when you get in to the story."
76561198001792274,Recommended,307670,28343605,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Richthofen56,Reminds me of Deadlands and Doomtown RPG and card games. Very well done squad based shooter with plenty of ambiance and theme.
76561198085088919,Recommended,307670,35193496,Posted: 24 September,all,Wubedoo,A MUST BUY FOR TACTICS FANS
76561198136209636,Recommended,307670,24789841,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,mitchellrss232,"Great game, enjoyed every second. My biggest gripe is the fact that your progression doesnt carry over to each chapter."
76561198030355148,Not Recommended,307670,19284226,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,kolsto,"As an veteran in Xcom i believed those who said this was like Xcom.It is not.I will not make a long story, i will keep it short.The game is in chapters, everytime you finish a chapter, you start on zero. Yes zero.You cannot loot dead bodiesThere is only a few guns and toys to chose from.You cannot save the gameThese are the details i bother to mention, so- NO this is nothing for anyone who like Xcom.With a 2,5 giga ugrade it would maybe stand a chance.The thing i cannot understand, is why noone just make an high quality upgrade of the old Xcom Apocalypse? It is from 1997, and still one of the best games ever made in its genre."
,Recommended,307670,19150253,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,DjBorsch,66/6 would deal with Stan again.
76561198067163400,Not Recommended,307670,32121272,Posted: 1 June,all,AssAssIN,The game mechanics is broken.  It's like 80% luck with no skill.  The AI isn't the greatest either.
,Recommended,307670,25734458,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,skalchemist,"Goofy as all get out, probably offensive to many.  So I cannot recommend it.And yet, it really is a good tactical game, and there are a lot of cool story ideas in there."
,Not Recommended,307670,35174438,Posted: 24 September,all,Valstorm,"Contrary to what some people are saying this is nothing like XCOM, it's gameplay is dull in both the combat and the map screen, the map sections are inconsistent per campaign and utterly confusing, the voice acting is weak and the character customisation is shallow. Would refund if I could."
76561197967663169,Not Recommended,307670,35115171,Posted: 21 September,all,haggis231,"This game is a relatively good strategical X-Com Rip-Off set in the wild west. The game plays well and there appears to be plenty of scenarios and objectives to complete. But I cannot recommend this game due to the atrocious hit percentage and luck system. X-Com is notorious for poor hit percentages but what makes this different is luck. Even at 90% plus hit accuracy, the characters luck, if high, guarantees a miss. You will find that you die a hell of a lot because they can hit you but you can't hit them. It's the only downpoint to an otherwise good game."
,Not Recommended,307670,31071021,Posted: 10 April,all,OtakuTillDeath,i have serious problem the accuracy percentages this game gives off. i almost never hit a 75 or more accuracy shot and i've been nonstop trying. its just broken.
76561197988839245,Not Recommended,307670,24823725,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Roxc,The game has a pretty interesting base. I didnt make it far into the game due to the sluggish and boring combat. If you can see past that you might enjoy the game.
76561198030824140,Not Recommended,307670,20672427,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Ballsagna,"Asked for my refund after about 70 minutesThis isnt a modicum of originality within this game. The western setting doesnt really make up for its lack of groundbreaking features.I am definitly being harsh, but its because this genre of gaming is really starting to lose its appeal and individuality between titles. Obviously turn based combat games will have to share multiple baseline features, but this games only original high point was its refreshingly dark and morose campaign storyteller.I love this style of gaming, but if it keeps delivering really basic and uninteresting renditions of the cornerstones of this market, I am just going to stick to re-runs of Silent Storm and the Xcom series."
76561198003996728,Recommended,307670,19182938,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,wanted31,... if you are an alfalafa desperado this is not a game for you other wise ... THIS IS A Hog-Killin' Time
76561197982914159,Not Recommended,307670,29852415,Posted: 11 February,all,Niarkoss,"No opportunity shoot, which is making the fight very basic and not very subtile.Also, between 2 mini campaign, there is a reset of the capacities of the player which is a very frustrating.You add to that a boring way to put checkpoint and you have a game which is not fun anymore.Too bad, the art direction is nice, it's beautiful and animation are well done. It could have been a good game."
,Recommended,307670,29281191,Posted: 15 January,all,ghul,"Death whispered in my ear. I listened. Even after I died and returned, I listened. The dust was bringing demons, cannibals and ♥♥♥♥♥s. i could not believe it would ever happen to the Wes, but it did. And it was an enjoyable ride. Some other adventures may look on their history, but for one like me Hard West was the perfect setting, perfect atmosphere.Occultism was brought great into scenerie. Sometimes you had to wander to long, but the tales of Father Death and the great images it brought to my mind where enough to look over this.That said... move on to your own journey. Purgartory awaits you."
76561198055627173,Recommended,307670,35075102,Posted: 19 September,all,†empirescurropt†,just love it it's truly a great fun been too long that i did enjoy a game !Fun great story and game quality and grafic!
,Recommended,307670,35099878,Posted: 21 September,all,IVΛ,wild west xcom. great game. 9/10 in this genre.
76561198009543527,Not Recommended,307670,28742531,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,General Pepper,"Not a lot of depth. Try playing it on hard if you want some difficulty, cause normal is pretty cake. I don't feel any desire to replay it so I can't say for sure though. If it's cheap, and you really want more X-Com, go for it."
76561198068133001,Not Recommended,307670,29095596,Posted: 7 January,all,CPT. Jack Aubrey,"I'm up in the air about this RTS.  It's a great theme (I love it) that needs to steal some ideas from other RTS games.Likes:- the western theme and demonic motif is fresh and fighting with 19th century weapons is fun- great art- the playing cards are a cool twist- the battle maps are large with lots of buildings and types of coverDislikes:- no RPG elements, meaning no character customization:  this made the game lack depth, it also gave me little attachment to the main characters and their posse, plus, at the start of ech scenario, you lose your posse- very few battles, most of your time is spent roaming around the map with 2 or 3 battles per scenario- no cary over from scenario to scenario:  you character equipment, cards, and posse members do not carry over from one scenario to the next, this made me lack the feeling of progress and lack of attachment for the player- I found little reason to complete some of the side missions, they didn't offer great rewards that I couldn't ""trade"" for at a merchant- some playing cards offer special abilities, I rarely found need of using them, these need to be more compelling.  There are a few that are usefull- I would like to see different classes of characters for the posse.  This was loosely defined (barely there).  It offers a richer playing experience.  There were so few battles though, that it barely mattered.I love the theme and some of the concepts in the game.  The game lacked depth though and could have done a better job executing.  I like how Blackguards and Blackguards 2 set up their story mode, and there are lots of RPG elements and tons of battles in those games.  If Hard West incorporated some of those elements into their game, it would be a truly unique game experience representing a devilish western experience.  It pains me that this fell just a tad short."
76561198067800297,Not Recommended,307670,21045601,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ye Ole Iron Dik,"Full controller support listed, Xbox One controller doesn't work (left stick and right trigger constantly engaged). Developer stated they listed full controller support before testing many controllers. Unable to fix. Requested refund."
76561198074825295,Not Recommended,307670,29827074,Posted: 10 February,all,jacob,"This game could be really great, and satisfy a loning of those Jagged Alliance fans, but it manages to get just enough things wrong that sum up to a dealbreaker for me.Pros:* Cool theme with the wierd west.* Lots of different weapons.* Two gameplay types - overland and combat.* Great narration.Cons:* Enemies always overwatch, even if they acted on their last turn. You can’t overwatch at all. This feels very unfair. So I can’t hunker down, but I can’t rush either. Seems a lot like a quick-fix for poor AI.* Shooting almost always ends the turn, so sneaking up behind someone on a balcony and shooting them in the back, thus ending your turn, leaves you wide open to shots from enemies that now come running out of buildings. Why wouldn’t I be able to duck back in the building, or at least just take cover behind the side of the balcony where the now dead baddie stood?* Combats can run over 2 or 3 separate combats, and getting killed in one of them means doing the whole thing over. Having to quit the game to do real life stuff after completing some of the combats also means doing the whole thing over.* All in all, combat is an exercise in frustration management."
,Recommended,307670,24831828,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,sickness677,"Very good, well designed turn based game"
76561198102503528,Recommended,307670,32445342,Posted: 15 June,all,Glucose Guardian,"If you liked XCOM, buy this game right ♥♥♥♥ing now."
,Not Recommended,307670,20688759,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,MEDDi,"Cool story, mediocre gameplay once you figure it out."
76561198057321409,Recommended,307670,19710830,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Master Pony,"omg so great, i loved this games and still do."
76561198096624054,Recommended,307670,24869651,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Earl of Lemongrab,"This is everything I have ever wanted in a game.Demons, yeah.Old West 6 shooters? YEAHSHOOTING DEMONS FROM FOUR HUNDRED YARDS WITH A SIX SHOOTER AFTER RICCOCHCETING THE BULLETS AROUND LIKE REVOLVER OCELOT? YEAHAll in all, 10/10 for a few hours of enjoyment.The soundtrack is also great, and the narration is perfect."
,Recommended,307670,20678319,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,discombobulated1,its basic (like the review) but enjoyable good combat system like the card buffs i hope for alot of dlc
76561198034250895,Not Recommended,307670,35345366,Posted: 30 September,all,eastsider,"This game is great except for the fact that I cannot play it.  It has controller support but it is broken for the Xbox One controller.It is extremely frusterating to have the Xbox controller plugged in and random menu movements, camera spins etc occuring in the game.  It doesn't stop.I don't know a single current game that supports the Xbox One controller and has this issue.  It is most definately something in the software and fixable.If the devs support controllers then support the top controllers in the market properly or remove the feature.If you use a mouse/keyboard then you will be fine as long as your Xbone controller doesn't happen to be plugged in while trying to play."
,Recommended,307670,34317610,Posted: 17 August,all,(•‿•) ßärräcüdä,"What a great game!!!Bizzare weaponry and very very interesting scenarios (campaigns). First I thought I'd not like starting over but every time it is so very different. You get to experience being an outlaw on the hunt for vengeance, a gold miner and even an artifact hunter with a pinch of hellish stuff to it. Combat feels satisfying and the abilities are very interesting. It can be easy and it can be hard depending on what settings you select. The Narrative is superb and overall there is this great feeling of wild west to it. A superb game! Buy it!"
76561198031900284,Not Recommended,307670,33317092,Posted: 6 July,all,Sacca,"Great art management, good story telling but really, really mediocre combat system. All you do is shooting the guy and hoping for a hit. This game relies on combat but sucks at point more than enough. Nothing interesting, nothing challenging, no strategy and no tactical maneuvers at all. I played at hard + Iron Mode but AI is childish, acts silly, moving unnecessarily and can not choose a proper targetThis game has good points bot combat is boring as hell. Dont expect anything like XCOM or Shadowrun."
,Not Recommended,307670,29708703,Posted: 4 February,all,John Doe,"When i close range to enemy, they shot me. When the enemy close range to me, my man wasn't shot them back, what kind of setup is this? if this got the overwatch like XCOM, maybe i will more like it..."
,Not Recommended,307670,33751523,Posted: 23 July,all,Zed,"As a big fan of fan of turn-based strategy games similar to XCOM, I absolutely can't recommend this at all.The entire execution of the game feels mediocre. Nothing is inspired. Nothing is polished.There's no great idea you're missing out on if you don't play this, just mediocrity.You play with a party of 4. Strategically, it's like an XCOM game with far fewer choices/squad members/abilities. By the middle game, there are a couple ways to break the game's difficulty curve right on your knee. If you don't abuse them, strategically, the game is still like an XCOM game with far fewer interesting moving parts.The trailers make you think the game will be stylish - ok, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ xcom, at least it can be cool ♥♥♥♥♥♥ xcom - but they are almost misleading in terms of style, in that the game's asthetics are extremely clunky at best. Don't be deceived, you aren't even getting cool western ♥♥♥♥♥♥ XCOM here - the game is graphically sort of sitting in an uncomfortable place in that it's both not-even-AA quality yet also completely devoid of personality. Xenonauts is more endearing.There are actually several ways in which I feel like the features are almost falsely advertised, but not quite. The first is the complete lack of style when the trailer makes it seem stylish. Another is the game saying it has an overworld. I mean, it does, technically. But it's not at all integrated with the rest of the game. It's extremely non-interactive, the game is extremely linear, you will play the same missions in the same order, the overworld does basically nothing and could almost be replaced with a series of buttons.Well, I was clearly disappointed, so I guess that's enough to say for now."
,Not Recommended,307670,19207464,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,[29.FkR]The End,"Beautifully produced game, with a promising and interesting world, but the 'tactical' combat simply feels like a bad boardgame. Cover is basically a hit modifier, so there is always a chance to get hit if enemies can see you, and without any kind of overwatch or opportunity fire, the AI can rush straight at you at no penalty. This would be tolerable if the game had some form of mid-mission saves or checkpointing, or if your troops were expenable but alas, no. The end result is a game that apes XCOM's combat, but forgets some of the key lessons at the same time. A real shame. Will wait with interest to see if lessons are learned in 'Hard West 2'."
,Recommended,307670,19264468,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Cuddletauren,"TL:DR Florence is hawt, and this game should be in your libraryVery excellent so far. 2 hours in so far, the game is very atmospheric, faster paced than XCOM, and just as fun. Definitely a great buy, the development seems to be active as well.Bigger and better review to come!"
,Not Recommended,307670,19242586,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Timeluster,"Having played XCOM for a while i thought i was a good idea to try something from the same genre. Unfortunately experience in XCOM means you notice the flaws in Hard West alot more.The game has full controller support but I found I was playing with my mouse/keyboard for some sections and xbox 360 controller for others. I couldn't stick to the controller because the movement was too responsive, despite messing with the settings.I didn't think the tutorial fully explain things so it wasn't immediately apparent what i could and couldn't do. In only the second mission I was left in the lurch trying to use stealth and steal a key. I ended up having to turn around and just shoot all the enemies I should have avoided.The story was far more text based that I had expected. On a number of occasions I was told my character was killing people and doing stuff via a text window, when these things could have been their own mission. Therefore the story moved on far too quickly. Go there, do this, travel here, dig there. Some quite important story elements could be glossed over if you are just eager to go round digging holes.I quit during mission 6 or 7 after i was killed trying to rush the mission at the speed the story wanted me to go."
,Recommended,307670,29669553,Posted: 3 February,all,Ty 哈,+ Nice western theme+ Nice art style- Not much content- No character customization- Boring after a while6.5/10
76561198040426550,Recommended,307670,30314400,Posted: 4 March,all,Dassein,"Sıra tabanlı strateji seviyorum diyip almamak olmaz. Hikaye, anlatımı, sesler süper.Ayrıca haritada dolaşıp altın toplayıp, maden arıyorsunuz, fena değil ama biraz yarım kalmış gibi. Bir süre sonra sıkıyor.Grafiklere ve strateji kısmına da bayıldım.Dövüşlerde bir şeyler yarım gibi. Bir divinity, xcom zevki vermiyor.Belki biraz daha zor yapılabilirdi bir süre sonra oyunu çözünce zorda bile tıkır tıkır ilerliyorsunuz."
76561198052820315,Not Recommended,307670,28354592,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,cookie,Really not fun at all. I enjoy fallout 1 and 2 xcom ufo defense baldurs gate fallout 4 etc... this game is not fun.
76561198104351412,Not Recommended,307670,32629747,Posted: 21 June,all,SevenTelsa,"Ugh,  really frustrating,  seems the game either has a bug or is very poorly put together.   After the first objective mission to 100%  after having spent hours learning the mechanics of the game,  you loose all of your aquired weapons and perks.  What the hell did I spend hours mining gold to get the new weapons if I can't take them with me?Like Darkest Dungeon,  start with a brilliant idea and don't really finish the game.  Really frustrating.  Don't waste your time."
76561198029569060,Not Recommended,307670,21592596,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,dunkster69,"Grafix are nice...and i loved the idea of turn based combat set in the wild west...but thats about it.The ""dark"" story line is a poorly written, incomprehensible mess of esoterica and ""black magic"". People who are fans of the dark arts will be sorely disappointed by this gibberish, and normal people will just be treated to a grab bag of cliches. This aint no H.P.Lovecraft or Blavatsky-inspired gameworld and it's use of esoteric themes is muddled garbage.The campaign interface is crap, and the single player campaign is about 4 or 5 seperate campaigns that have little to do with each other in a gameplay sense.The turn based combat is so simple and basic it can only be described as a step backwards for turn based combat.In this game you can move then shoot....you can't shoot then move cause that would just be crazy and unrealistic right?Remember the 90's?... When turn-based combat was king....with the original jagged alliance or the original x-com, we used to be given Action Points, and we could ""spend"" em how we liked. Run, throw a grenade then disappear around a corner at a run with the last of your points. That caused you to calculate quickly if you had enough points to do what you wanted. That,in turn, made character stats and abilities relevent to the gameplay in a big way.The ""new"", dumbed down form of turn based combat found in this game and others like Wastelands 2 need to be taken out back and shot. In my oppinion this style of turn based combart is damaging to this wonderful genre, and does not show its glory or potential in the modern age."
76561198030895568,Not Recommended,307670,32492272,Posted: 16 June,all,kb,No save options and bugs stop you from continuing the campaign.
76561198007349915,Recommended,307670,19461672,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,SemiJesus,
76561197991895792,Not Recommended,307670,25040248,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,fozzybear42,Seems like a fun game. Wish it would stop crashing every couple minutes so I could actually play it.
,Recommended,307670,20683058,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,W1ldhaggis,cheap mans xcom
,Recommended,307670,24795332,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Jhzanto,This game doesn't get the attention it deserves.
,Recommended,307670,31190862,Posted: 16 April,all,royxnavy,"Love this type of game, (Turn Style) you must really think and observe before making your move's and taking action, or you might just get bitten.... lol just a awesome fun game to play, give it a try you will love it as I do.Enjoy gamers, peace out."
,Not Recommended,307670,19220283,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,"""The Reverend"" John White","I purchased Hard West expecting a turn-based strategy game with RPG elements, choice-driven story and intuitive gameplay. Instead, I was given an entirely convoluted version of Chess with a meak story that, to me, looks more of an Alpha than a full release.At certain points in the game, it was painfully obvious that the developers had rushed to finish their product. Animations are janky and disjointed, most character models seem to be palette-swaps of each other, a linear story masquerading as a Choose-Your-Own-Adventure, and the gameplay isn't anywhere near as fine-tuned as the developers have claimed. With a lack of a proper save feature, the game requires the player to devote several hours of time to something that would fare much better as a casual game.So, I leave this with a downvote for now. If the developers continue to work on it and adress the problems highlighted by the community, I may remove this review."
76561198095014762,Not Recommended,307670,32946036,Posted: 28 June,all,Nico,It has a glitch where it deletes all your data
76561198044595276,Not Recommended,307670,33140856,Posted: 2 July,all,Canhchimtudo,"Game này bình thường. Không hay CHo 6,5/10 điểm. Điều khiển không dễ dàng, màn chơi tối. Chỉ số Luck khá là khó chịu (khá là ngu). Giá siêu giảm thì còn tốt, nếu không giảm giá thì thôi. (By Vietnamese)."
76561198100613357,Not Recommended,307670,19209791,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,nicholas.khlim,"I instantly bought this game after launch and was totally superdope excited about it. I barely read the reviews (a first for me as I am always very meticulous and research thoroughly before splashing my hard-earned cash) as I am a TOTAL sucker for turn-based strategy a la XCOM and Western theme, so what could go wrong with this game I thought.I cannot progress past the first scenario. That's what's wrong. It's not that the game is too difficult, or that I am too lousy of a gamer. No. It's that the game keeps ""hanging"" at the loading screen, and nothing works. I had to force quit every single time. Tried everything: deleting and reinstalling, updating my OS, restarting my iMac, hell even spending almost two hours trying to find a way to fix it.This game is now unplayable for me, and if you own a Mac, my advice is hold on to your cash until they fix this crippling bug. I'm asking for my money back."
,Not Recommended,307670,33549907,Posted: 14 July,all,OnTheLastCastle,"If you look, even the best reviews have under 20 hours played mostly. It's just not that good of a game which is too bad because the inspiration for it is great. It's plodding and when you get into it, you have to get all new characters to build up again. Not worth it."
,Not Recommended,307670,19863745,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Avaclon,"Great game.  Awesome tactic battle.  Really enjoy all the scenarios and all the cool stuff you can do.  Including running around, subdueing, and all sort of wild west gimmicks.  I even enjoy the card system.However, there's no save system in middle of the game.  So you will lost 40+ minutes of progress.Basically, auto-refund, even when it's such a great game."
76561198014313584,Recommended,307670,34874964,Posted: 10 September,all,chadtindale,"Ok, so I'm usually a criticize first and compliment by omission kind of guy. In other words, if I never shut up about how the wallpaper in your house makes me want to stab my eyes out lest they see it again, you can assume the plumbing was functional. But ""Hard West"" breaks my line of thinking. There are a few criticisms, but all of that pales in comparison to the great quality of the game. I was hoping for wild west XCOM. And I certainly got that, but it was jumbled in the middle of a genuinely unique and great RPG in the exact style of ""Deadlands"" an RPG in the savage worlds system. The Story Elements genuinely make this game fun. Maybe not an original world since it's on the coattails of the Savage worlds game. But so what? Game of Thrones ripped of Tolkien, and they're taking that copy/paste to the bank. The game is enjoyable, and full of heart. People put art and inspiration into this game. And that goes a long way. If there was any complaint (which with me, there must) it'd be that the UI could use a few missing features like a ""next character"" button. Or a better scroll wheel on the shopping menu. But that's like complaining about the flavor soup served in the white house kitchen. Surely if that matters, you've missed the point."
76561197993288786,Recommended,307670,35052245,Posted: 18 September,all,Invest,Really cool game! Works very good and has a good story
76561198094247009,Not Recommended,307670,24892313,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,CIP in the ETJ,"Worst purchase on steam so far, can't not recommend this game enough.go with xcom, a tactical turn based game done right."
76561198166105404,Not Recommended,307670,33492205,Posted: 12 July,all,Jimmy,Inch away from the guy and miss......well done
,Not Recommended,307670,35142337,Posted: 22 September,all,Fingers,I'm not sure why this game gets so many good reviews. The combat is overly simplified and boring. The map play is disjointed and doesn't narrate a clear story. There is no real strategy to the game as any map option succeeds no matter what you pick or when. Just an all around incomplete feel.
76561198014334083,Not Recommended,307670,32567979,Posted: 19 June,all,Foak,Like XCOM but less fun
76561198075452157,Not Recommended,307670,32524774,Posted: 17 June,all,c0rUj4,"I was hoping to play a western game I found a Diablo IV (in the old west)The gameplay is fantastic, system of shifts in the western is great fun, the choice of weapons, the structure of the characters, all brilliant and that's what got me into the game.The problem with this game is that they have weighed too much into the gloomy content it seems that we are playing diablo (which I like), facing demons and such. If it were a real Western content game it would be a huge success because the game itself is brilliant, but it turned out to be a game for a few because of its overly gloomy content.Example of content: Facing demons, not one, but many, all the time (wtf diablo ok, western? No sense), a supporting character that appears in the whole game is death itself, pacts with demons and with death, rituals, cities Sacrificed to the demons ... very much exaggerated in this thematic one.Positive:GameplayThe structure of the game as a whole.NegativeDark content exaggerated exiting the theme of the game.Please, throw a game of western with the same gameplay with real western content and we will have an epic game.Worth it? Only by the gameplay the content is dull of so meaningless."
76561197992270248,Not Recommended,307670,29857943,Posted: 11 February,all,Zuntullah,"Left the game running on map screen for Undertaker mission. When I came back the map marker (cow skull) was gone. I clicked around and nothing happened, basically the campaign got stuck. I had to restart the campaign the the game doesn't allows separate save slots.Will give this game thumbs up when they fix this stupid bug and add more save slots."
76561198019333163,Not Recommended,307670,24849886,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,SeriousLogan,this probably the most boring turn based strategy ive ever played
76561198018699774,Not Recommended,307670,25045919,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,"I am the ""ONE""!",I'm standing not more than 3 metres from my enemy and I get 64% chance to kill. So I fire and I miss. 10 feet. Without so much as a twitch and I miss even though my sights were on him. Really? I miss? 64 F***ING percent? Face to Face? Homie don't play dat! I'vez givez up! Thanks but no thanks. Another waste of money on a game that is flawed.
76561198130238664,Recommended,307670,24790316,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,teh.FunKiller,"So far, it's a great game! I will write more when I complete the single player campain, but I'm happy with my purchase of this game!"
76561197994231136,Recommended,307670,24798238,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Kaz77,Great Game
76561198073358335,Not Recommended,307670,19164925,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Xalurin,Good game but can't recommend it for everyone.This game doesn't have a valid save system. If you're not cool with clearing a map full of bandits from start because of a misclick or for some other reason than don't buy this. Otherwise it's a cool game. Sadly it's a refund for me.
76561198095880140,Not Recommended,307670,31181356,Posted: 16 April,all,Atari_Lord,"I'm sure the story is good and the game is fun, but I will never know, This game advertises full controller support and I'm experiencing zero controller support. I have ask for support and after waiting 36 hours without any response from the developer(they however did respond to queries from other players in this time frame) I asked for a refund. I don't mind playing with a mouse and keyboard, but the lack of any support at all from the developer as a consumer leaves me not wanting to give them any more of my time."
,Not Recommended,307670,19210896,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Carsten,Right now I cannot recommend this.While it was fun as long as I could play it (yeah about 2 hours) I am at a point where you cannot go on due to a display bug: the world-map on both possible campaign branches does only show blue-grey mist (you don't see the map - only the UI and where you are right now - the skull).So yes: it's another one that is badly broken due to bad porting - at least on Linux/StreamOS
,Not Recommended,307670,23842958,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,rragh001,"It's not ""western X-com"" unfortunately. Not by a long shot. Wish I'd have skipped this one."
76561197987808999,Not Recommended,307670,19276557,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Rainbird,"mouse dead, unplayable. requested refund"
76561198030681948,Not Recommended,307670,24468978,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,david3907,This combat in  this game is a joke. You are hit no matter what cover you are in and hit from ridiculous range even with pistols.  100% shots from point blank only wound your enemy and then they kill you. Graphic average at best.
,Not Recommended,307670,23992813,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ravenous,This game sucks. Enemies appear out of nowhere....it's lame. The videos make it look way cooler than it is.
76561198030492823,Not Recommended,307670,24210321,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dahl,"First scenario was pretty good.Then I got to the second scenario and spent over 30 minutes missing everything I tried to shoot. Killed maybe 3 out of the 10 or 12 guys you have to kill.Then I quit and uninstalled.Too bad too, since I liked the setting and what little I saw of the story."
,Recommended,307670,33308839,Posted: 6 July,all,ThuleanPerspective,satan murder
76561198012231152,Not Recommended,307670,19180921,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Fusion Minstrel,"Overall has potential, definitely the xcom-ish feel (including cover bugs - corner cover with high and low, getting shot from angle which high cover protects but taking damage as if half cover applies )Somehow feels a bit lacking in options/explanation.Certain times enemies have a red circle around, if you enter you get shot like close range overwatch. Cool concept, however the tutorial doesn't mention this, and it makes no sense. I cant do it, they do it almost randomly, regardless of if they have fired at me. Don't need to hold my hand but just explain gameplay like that please.Luck system is interesting however to me feels backwards, fair enough your luck literally runs out when you arent hit, but then somehow getting hit means you're more lucky, fairly odd. To me it makes sense to operate the other way.Cards/decks are interesting and fun and the non tactical section is quite pleasant.Its fairly cheap but still, wouldn't recommend unless you enjoy frustration"
76561198016563049,Recommended,307670,24808986,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,WuTc.Killerbee,"I MAKE IT SHORT!, BUY IT!"
76561198297118281,Not Recommended,307670,34018776,Posted: 4 August,all,Eriss,"In sense, basically an underdeveloped copy of the XCOM franchise."
76561198057216392,Not Recommended,307670,19525187,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,RadiantBoner,"Its not as cool or good as many people say. It had a ton of potential, but im just going to wait until Xcom 2 is realeased"
,Not Recommended,307670,19215245,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,farqueall,"It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ Graphics and sound are good. Voiceover is fine. Storyline is boring and unoriginal. Campaign is short and awkward. COmbat is frustrating and the combat area's are all urban and boring and don't feel very wild west-ish. AND YOU CANNOT CHOOSE YOUR OWN GODDAM TARGETS.  All you can do is choose what type of shot you want to do and the computer selects the target for you, thats ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!.2 out of 5. DO NOT BUY.You want turn based go buy Divinity Original Sin or Wasteland 2."
,Not Recommended,307670,19244399,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,yssuP gnipmaC,"ใครเป็นคนไทย ผมบอกไว้ตรงนี้เลยว่าอย่าซื้อเกมนี้ บัคเยอะโคตรพ่อ รอมันแก้ให้เสร็จหรือลดราคาหนักๆ ค่อยหวดตอนผจญภัยแบบ Text Adventure กับ เพลงประกอบ คือสิ่งที่ดีที่สุดของเกมนี้ แต่ติดตรงเนื้อเรื่องเห่ยมาก ระบบต่อสู้ในเกมก็งั้นๆ หลังๆพอจับไต๋ได้ ต่อให้เล่นยากสุด ยังไงก็ไม่แพ้ ยกเว้นไปเจอบัคของเกม ที่จะทำให้ผ่านด่านไม่ได้ใครเป็นแฟน Team Turn-based เกม แนวๆ Final Tac. หรือ XCOM Eu. หรือ Fire Emblem ก็น่าจะชอบเกมนี้ แต่ระบบส่วนใหญ่ที่เกมแนวนี้ควรมี เกมนี้แม่งไม่มี ไม่มี Overwatch ไม่มี Counter ไม่มีการจัดตัวแบบจริงจังความสำคัญของการเล่นแบบ RPG ทำให้เกมสนุกอยู่ช่วงหนึ่ง เล่นซ้ำได้หลายรอบ มีระบบ Fate ที่ทำให้เราเอาอาวุธพิเศษของแต่ละช่วงในเกม มาใช้ได้ใหม่ คือฉากใหญ่หนึ่งฉากมีอาวุธพิเศษสามชิ้นให้ตามหา แล้วก็ไปซื้อที่ Fate Trader ได้เรื่อยๆแต่ปัญหาคือ เวลาจบหนึ่ง Scenario เกมจะบังคับให้คุณเล่นตัวละครอื่น เหมือน Final 13 ที่สลับปาร์ตี้ไปมา(น่ารำคาญเหี้ยๆ) ทำให้อารมณ์เกมมันไม่ต่อเนื่อง แถมการเล่าเรื่องแบบกากๆ ทำให้แม่งแย่เข้าไปใหญ่สั้นๆ เงินเหลือ ชอบเล่นวางแผน ไล่ยิงคาวบอย เอาลูกซองสอยตูดปีศาจ(ทั้งเกมมีโมเดลเดียวนะ) ก็หวดถ้าไม่รอ ก็ลดราคาหนักๆ*The Story and the Narrator are ""Dull"" as ♥♥♥♥.Dev. said they do it their own ways so we should just shut up and play.This game has so many flaws, bugs and freeze from time to time.*No action-cam like XCOM is understandable, but for real?*No Overwatch in Turn-based game is ""ignorant"" damn they are too lazy to polish this game.*No ""savepoint"" only ""checkpoint"" during Hard-mode+Ironman game mode is ""Retard""I mean it. It's really stupid to have your customers play a buggy game without choices.Your curent gameplay has bug? Deal with it ♥♥♥♥♥es, it's our style not to give a ♥♥♥♥ what you think!Too bad I cant refund this game.This Dev. really sneaky about how to hide their weakspots of their game from our eyes.My advice is to wait for 50% or 75% sales or until they gave you for free."
76561198012244318,Not Recommended,307670,29844933,Posted: 11 February,all,AV,"Its not a RPG , its not a mount and blade type game, its a very boring level game with shoot outs. Gets boring way to fast."
,Not Recommended,307670,24508903,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,mjprogue,"Junk...SPOILER FILLED REVIEW!!!Mechanics do not work intelligently at all.  I can be standing behind a wall and my enemy hits me for full damage while the same wall provides him full cover.   Luck seems to go away even when your oppenents are shooting impossible shots...why would a natural miss effect my characters luck?   Thats tactics not luck.The story is promising but has some very unclear moments and others that are just plain stupid.Someone breaks into your farm, burns everything to the ground, then you shoot them, why would you become wanted?  Maybe they're important and pull some strings, but maybe you could explain that.Structure of the campaign is ridiculous as well...the scenarios don't seem to have any effect on one another.  I can end one scenario with a shotgun and some fancy boots, but as soon as the next one starts...with no wanring mind you, you just get booted unceremoniously back to the main menu...I'm wielding a pistol and my socks.  Then I get shot and come back from the grave...still armed thanks a bunch...but now I have a shotgun?  What the heck?Game could have been awesome...somebody just quit trying at the eleventh hour..."
76561198059689738,Not Recommended,307670,26311264,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ksyh05,"interesting concept. fun battle, cool & wild styleand crashcrash crash crashand trashdev guys and support team really tried to help this problembut they failed"
76561198216046620,Not Recommended,307670,34713407,Posted: 3 September,all,moondust,"I thought its a seroius TBS. No saves, you're kidding me? In fact, its a turned-based roguelike. And it should have been specified in labels."
,Not Recommended,307670,24821376,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,keenanbrown801,cant play it :(
,Not Recommended,307670,34073272,Posted: 6 August,all,Neo Vita,Too dark. The gameplay is great but the story ruins it. Don't force me to play evil!
76561198133152609,Not Recommended,307670,28458858,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,M.O.A.B,"Very dissapointing, I thought it was a third person shooter type game and you could aim but its like some silly board game"
,Not Recommended,307670,33062235,Posted: 30 June,all,[K4T]Paincake,"I want to recommend this game but i can't, and here are the reasons1. I wasted money in the beggining and couldn't mine so i was stuck2. I redid the first mission i kept missing and dying (maybe i'm just bad)3. The devs really need to make the first part not as easily stuckable and unfun."
76561198052680433,Not Recommended,307670,32537245,Posted: 18 June,all,milhouse.,The game is mediocre in every way. An extremely amateurish attempt that will frustrate most players.
76561197995694296,Not Recommended,307670,25811796,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,chubby rain,"i read a few reviews and  was really excited about this game, honestly it could have been incredible,save system is buggy and i lost my first 2hrs of gameplay, combat is about 100 times less complex and less polished than x-com, for example; cover seems to have zero effect on wether you get hit.i really wanted it to be good so i played about 8hrs before my second save disapeared and i gave up. because of this steam wouldn't except my return. honestly dev's thank you. i just realized that i literally live in a world where there is no need to pay for games. ive been a customer of valve for over a decade and have paid for every game i have played because i thought it was right. i will definately never buy anything on steam again. if it wasnt for competitive csgo i would delete steam altogether. i can literally find any major game title complete with patches and all ""dlc"" for free. i will encourage every younger person i know to do the same.id rather be a thief than a dumbassps i was referring to the 1994 x-com"
76561198136070968,Not Recommended,307670,19153976,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,brandon.brigance,"If you like xcom gameplay, there are no suprises here.  There were some buggy areas, that aside, xcom has a much much smoother UI.  I really like the old west setting and I love this style of gameplay, but the user controls were very rough and the graphics leave much to be desired.  This game needed a little more time in the oven, There seem to be areas that are unfinished, or just dont have a point."
76561198018496986,Not Recommended,307670,19154258,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Anarch87,Game crashing bug when loading any campaign randomly makes this game unplayable.I hope they release a fix soon because it has potential!
,Not Recommended,307670,19169290,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,thisfred,"Ugh, not great. Tired racist tropes, poor writing, terrible voice acting, and the terrible UI/User Experience. Going to ask for my first refund."
76561198330153249,Not Recommended,307670,31150531,Posted: 15 April,all,KeanuStevie,I really like these kind of games except sad part is they never ever changed...and I also realized masturbation is cool too so theres that
76561198043218182,Not Recommended,307670,19157582,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,mbpopolano24,"Checkpoints... enogh said. A potentially good game ruined. Oh well, refund it is ."
,Recommended,307670,19419854,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Zlobny,A nice little tactical game in an uncommon setting.
76561197970398269,Recommended,307670,19416294,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sir Dies-a-lot,"I like this game a lot. It's kind of a simpler X-Com in a wild west settings. Simple means it's not as complex and/or deep - but then again that's just what I need after a hard day's work. You don't need to put too much effort into the strategy and can concentrate on the missions. They are nicely done. With the setup phase there is a new feature added to the well-known gameplay. If you like the idea of X-Com-like round-based strategy games, at this price this game is a must-have."
,Recommended,307670,19437256,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Mastro2k,"I just love this game. It takes the concepts from XCom but streamlines the story and narrative pieces. It's got some non-tactical fighting elements as well with the map. Yes, I ran into an issue but support is very responsive and they are updating and fixing things as they come along.Definitely fun to play and the story draws you in and makes it more engaging. I also love how the narrator progresses the story as you're actually in battle."
76561198010493630,Recommended,307670,19490406,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,[SLN]TheIrishPirate,"This game is as awesome as it is brutal. I love tactical turn-based games, and I love the old Spaghetti Westerns. This game combines those two elements and throws in a dash of cannibal and a splash of occult for a perfect blend of Wild, Wicked, West."
76561198050498467,Recommended,307670,20321289,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Raziel,"I've truly enjoyed this game.Some quick pros:1)Although tactical parts are mostly similar, each campaign has a slightly different feel to it which makes things seem fresh.2)Dynamic and fluid/moving combat because of the following:-Enemies get free shots if you move within a certain range if your character is in view at the start of turn. On the other  hand, if your character starts turn out of sight then you can get as close as you want.-Cover affects both hit chance and damage.These encourage you to constantly maneuver your characters in small groups and flank enemies from multiple directions.3) Gunshots and blood are satisfying.4) You play multiple sides, which is an interesting narrative choice.Some quick shortcomings:1) Some systems aren't explained well on the campaign map.2) The hit/miss conditional on luck system, while interesting in concept with no randomness involved at all, can be somewhat unreasonable, depending on your perspective, and easily played. For example think of a situation where same three people shoot at one enemy. The enemy has 8 health 60 luck left, your group has 4 damage (35%)/ 5 damage (50%) / 3 damage (90%). The only shot sequence that would kill the enemy is 4/5/3 (assuming they gain 50 luck when hit), and any other sequence of shots will leave the enemy alive.When it is impossible to kill an enemy in one turn no matter the order if your highest damage shot has low percentage, and you want it to hit, drain luck first with weaker shots. It will be a sure hit.Manipulating enemy luck differently according to different situations simply by changing the shooting order can make situations drastically easier (in my opinion--some might say it is tactical).One might argue that since you don't know the starting luck of enemies, it does not matter. However most of the time the remaining luck is simply identified within a sufficient band for manipulation.3) Once a character has the JINX passive ability, you can drain most of the enemies' luck during setup stage to zero if you want.4) When you reload or restart tactical battles some bonuses seem to disappear. (not sure about other stuff but HP often decreases)"
,Recommended,307670,20158036,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,paul,"There should be no comparison to X-com whatsoever. I bought this game for 1/4 of the price of X-Com 2 and completed it within 30 hours. After this I longed for more and DLC's to come. Compared to the price, this is an excellent game in a genre dominated by fantasy. OK, the cult quests may be a bit oddish and surreal, but maybe there will be DLC's based on real gunfights. There is no such game available and this game comes close to gathering up some bandits to rove the West.If you love turn-based games and want to spend some quality time outside the fantasy genre, this is your game."
76561197998712090,Recommended,307670,20332256,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Stonefoot,"I love strategical turn based shooters. I have played jagged alliance to death and also x-com. This game is good and can stand the comparision, but it's too short. I did the campaign on normal in 27 hrs playtime and since it got a pretty linear storyline I don't have that much reason to start over and do it again. I think that I should have gone for hard difficulty from the start since I really had to replay some of the stages max 2-3 times to win.I'd really like to se a DLC for this game, and I would buy that without thinking twice about it."
,Recommended,307670,30657118,Posted: 21 March,all,darknight,"absolutly love this game, wish there was more dlc for it though.....please dev.its hard sometimes without a mid save but certainly no problem, its called hard west for a reason, great story and characters as well"
76561198220254071,Recommended,307670,19162325,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,WaveRider,"Finally, I was able to get the character moving.  On a Macbook Pro, you use the two-finger push on the trackpad. No more problems.  The game works fine and is very enjoyable."
,Recommended,307670,20184561,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,arekushi,"Did the first scenario:Pros:Turn Based CombatNice mapsWorld of the wild west with a demonic touchLinux client supportCons:Turn Based Combat when there's no combatNice maps but no loot (yet ?) in the various containersFound myself blocked in the campaign script, you have to spend wisely your gold or stuck. I'm not sure if it's intended..."
,Recommended,307670,20064822,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hsingh,"Awesome game, a little bit like xcom in wild west setting."
76561198039447387,Recommended,307670,21750902,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Radoslav,"The game is wonderful. Apart from those splendid guns it offers an interestring system of bonuses that combinations of Hold'em-poker cards offer. And the story is brilliant, each scenario is woven into the script and you can't help but feel that you are watching a movie. And the choices you make sometimes are hard.As for cons I would say that very often you get too overpowered. Some combinations of cards and consumables make the fight very easy. People complain that you can;t interrupt the enemy's move but I say it is actually not needed.I can't wait for more DLCs for this one and especially for a new campaign!"
76561197989996098,Recommended,307670,21813488,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Pr1or.Sito,Finished the game. Got the cañón calavera. Played again. Killed Joaquim Perez with his own gun.11/10 would sell my soul to the devil again
,Recommended,307670,22218965,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,nameispete,"This is a fun game. Somewhat slow as it is turn based, but oddly compelling. Very good story and gameplay even if the chapters feel a little incongruous. A warning to those using controllers: the character setup screens are a little tricky to get used to. You will find buying things at trading posts somewhat frustrating until you get the hang of the mapping. Be patient."
76561198067775820,Recommended,307670,22212272,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mister_Brick,An enjoyable and good game.  Not a must buy but certainly something that is worthy of a look at.
76561198007983404,Recommended,307670,30717898,Posted: 24 March,all,OrcWhisperer,Tactical combat that requires thinking for best results.  Story and choices with consequences.  Sates your exploration itch.
,Recommended,307670,21680112,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Randovar,A great spin on the Old West. Some battles can take a long time so a manual save option would have been nice. Other than that I have really enjoyed the game so far.
76561197972406252,Recommended,307670,21717515,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Isley,Huge fan of this game! If you like XCOM or Shadowrun Returns this is right up your alley. It really swings for the fences with its weird west setting and has a pretty okay storyline. It is held back a bit but its graphics and a lot of the overworld stuff is kinda klunky but the narration is great!8/10 would recomend!
76561198006194408,Recommended,307670,21605081,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Proerythroblast,.
76561198044434872,Recommended,307670,21777544,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Brdwaydog,"Hard west, Its a good game. Its not easy and has several diffuculty settings, there are a lot of different chars. in it and the story is good. The graphics are soemwhat lagging but have gotten beter since patches.  There is alot of good in the game.- No mid game save... which ok, it should be challenging, and in a turn based game you can cheat by savign after each turn. I get it but it would be help ful to maybe have an auto save that pops in like every 3-5 turns.- Not super exciting, alot of reading. Which is fine, but c'mon make a cut scene occaisonally, instead of a comic.Its a fun game, i enjoy. I think opening it up to mods would be great."
,Recommended,307670,21652519,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,tilindir,"Deep and atmospheric game in grim setting of daemonic Wild West. Cowboys, winchesters, wranglers, everything is in place, but also includes magics, gambling & even Satan himself. Storyline is very cool, action gameplay is maybe a little dull and monotonous, but nevertheless keeps you online ;)I'd like to see game's story expansion! Also it's very sorry that brilliant voice of Satan is the only voice in game, main characters are so iconic and demand own voices :)"
76561198057094917,Recommended,307670,21616610,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Fraise,Great Strategy Game
76561198043494230,Not Recommended,307670,19660140,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,JustSomethingToDifferentiateMe,"Well, I bought the game with rather low expectations just because I wanted to try out a a storydriven western game with a decent plot and hopefully with same tactical and strategical challenge. Ultimately I found the plot lackluster with a paper thin supernatural mythos and gullible/evil characters you don't care about.Combat is mediocre. It's too straightforward(no, overwatch for the player, cover fire etc.) and the AI tends to ♥♥♥♥ up a lot. I suspect the player character overwatch is missing because the AI wouldn't be able to handle it.Between combat encounters you move on the map. Basically you just wander from place to place shooting people up and gathering resources. You can choose to do some optional side missions, hoard gold etc. but mostly its just rather dull and pointless since gold doesn't carry on nor is particularly limited resource there isn't a whole lot point to it."
76561198049076654,Not Recommended,307670,21555653,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,diltarget,The Linux Version is broken seamed like a good game what I have played but I will take my refund and leave.
76561198057985393,Recommended,307670,21697204,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,GowNutz,"To be brief, I enjoyed the extra gameplay they've put in a turn based game like this. The worldmap missions are fun, not too long and not all the same. The core gameplay is solid and the maps are fun. Great work guys!"
,Recommended,307670,22092427,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,relaxeddave,"Very much enjoying this game, it is at times a little rough around the edges but as a fan of Westerns, gothic horror (Malifaux gamer here) and Xcom style games I'm right in my elelment so might be a little biased.As mentioned by some the game is broken into chapters but I like that, a fresh start in a way, smaller chunks of gaming rather than some 40+ hour epic. Handy for a dad of 2 ! Characters are 'powered' up with cards that you earn and as you build a hand (pair of 7 etc.) additional bonuses appear.All up a great game set to a seemlingly quite linear (but enjoyable) narative keeps me coming back for more.Looks like it has good re-playability too."
,Recommended,307670,25106051,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,信じ,"If you enjoy Turn-Based Strategy games, this game is a must !If you don't, this game will make you enjoy them.It has an amazing story and maybe it's not so long, I mean, 15 hrs can be long though.Just play this game, there is no reason why you should not."
76561198047871383,Recommended,307670,25020983,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,whitescarf,"Excellent game.  Concepts, mechanics, story are all great.  Only complaint.  8 scenarios and you are done.  If this were a more interactive universe like Shadowrun or Xcom it would be an awesome game."
76561198103432976,Recommended,307670,25135694,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,nyxd,"7/10+Presentation is the high point. The artwork is great, the menus, music and narration all do a terrific job. The graphics aren't too shabby either in-game, they get the job done and are on par with most TBS games. In between engagements there's a healthy girth of story telling and RPG elements w/ the prospecting system. Pretty good value for the $13 I spent.-Combat mechanics seem a little too simple. The card system was interesting in that you can assign certain combat properties to each character, but overall combat evolves around a strange cover system and little diversity in tactics.All-in-all, Better than I thought it would be, a pretty solid value."
,Recommended,307670,25163760,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Galaxian,"Really nice game with a diverse theme. The story is really different and interesting, you tend to care for your team mates, the graphics are great, the scenery is great, the gameplay is diverse. You should try it if you like turn base strategy games."
76561198007430407,Recommended,307670,25129205,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Yoko Taro >= GOD,"Supreme narrator voice over.You can actually dig for gold, like people in WWW did.You can actually be a♥♥♥♥♥♥You can actually own a 9-barrel shotgun.Every choice make you think (because 1 slot auto-save,""deal with it"". )."
,Recommended,307670,25008062,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Scott,A sort of low fantasy western Xcom. Not as polished or extensive as Xcom but still a lot of fun. If you like spaghetti westerns and strategy games then this is for you.
,Recommended,307670,24971333,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,GraphicX,"An extremely solid game showing a ton of ingenuity by the developers, bringing in new game mechanics for the turn based combat genre.The game contains a blend of resource management, exploration, looting & perks coupled with a weird west setting.8/10, can't wait for a sequel."
,Recommended,307670,24968804,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,sotonest,"The game is fun. I just wish the AI was smarter. I know programming AI is not an easy task, but I still hope it gets overhauled one day."
76561198096742032,Recommended,307670,24969015,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,senkiasenswe,"Its a fun turn based strategy game with a unique sense of gameplay, at least as unique as possible for a turn-based tactical shooter. The storyline is interesting enough. Very well worth the purchase."
76561198023001820,Recommended,307670,25067355,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,PDQstyle,"One of the best modern turned based squad games, second only to XCOM in my opinion.Atmosphere is really what makes it stand out from the rest in the genre. It has some RPG elements, but it's not a full blown turnbased RPG like Wasteland 2 though, which I like.This is one game that's worth it's weight in gold and deserves more installments. Not saying it's perfect, but what game is?"
,Recommended,307670,25066942,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,RPGesus,"Do you enjoy Tactical Turn Based Strategy games?Do you enjoy a Supernatural Wild West setting similar to that of the table top cult-hit Deadlands?If so then this is the game for you. Gameplay is similar to XCom, thus making Hard West an enjoyable game. Tactics and strategy win out over brute force in this title.The setting is perhaps the game's best selling point. It has notions of supernatural horror within a Wild West setting complete with some of the conventions of both genres. The setting helps to hold the game together where it's story may feel like it is lacking.Graphics-wise, Hard West is a decent looking game. It won't make you say 'wow,' but the presentation is good enough. Also, I enjoyed the soundtrack a lot. The mechanics are interesting. The luck mecahnic is perhaps the most novel in that luck is a qunatifiable source much like stamina or mana are in other games. It depleats for each shot that whizzes by your characters, or if you use a special ability granted by poker cards you collect in a scenario and equip to your characters. It is replenished through usable items or from taking damage. Another interesting mechanic is that by using the poker cards obtained as you play, you can create different hands for your characters, granting them different bonuses.Hard West is by no means perfect. It appears to be short, as I am 14 hours in and have only 2 'scenarios' left. Some menu screens can be laggy, and what personally bothered me was that enemies had an overwatch feature that prevented characters from walking straight up by them, but my characters lack such a feature. Gameplay also proves to be repetative at some points: Play around in the over-map making various decisions, encounter, kill badguys/whatever other objectives, repeat.The game is very well made especially for being made by a small dev. It is a nice addition into the turn-based tactical strategy genre, which I feel doesn't get enough love. If you can find it on sale, it's a great purchase. Hard West has a lot of potential if the devs want to do more with it, and I think it would make for a pretty cool table-top game system itself."
76561197978905944,Recommended,307670,26311320,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Rocket Magnate,"Excellent.  Good pace, good story, good action, and streamlined to allow fun.  Very happy with this one.  A little weird with the occult thing, but ultimately I actually enjoyed that part."
76561198032559996,Recommended,307670,26316501,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ren1971,Not a bad game but not a masterwork eitherPlaytime to complete is a little short about 10 hoursGameplay a little too simplisticStory is goodA decent little game if you buy it like I did when on sale
76561198071560440,Recommended,307670,26313574,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Seymour Bot,"Good western setting, really captures the depressing, and grim lifestyle of the wild west. The combat is simple not bad but nothing special. Its the story and setting that wins me over"
76561198011810582,Recommended,307670,26475896,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Buffy,"Turn-based RPG in the Wild West with a very dark story. You play several chapters and almost each time a different character, who in some way is involved into the main story. I really liked the voice acting, writing and gameplay. I hope they make a sequel :)"
76561198089529120,Recommended,307670,26529748,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,schlechtwolf,Everything that's great about x-com but swap out the aliens and soldiers for cowboys and demons.
76561198024180437,Recommended,307670,24057589,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Arrow Roulette,"Awesome history with a incredible skill system.. very unique. too bad your ""luck"" is both your HP and MP.On the other side, theres a lot of bugs and glitches."
76561197993208019,Recommended,307670,25975676,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,drifter,"Good value for the money if you like the turn based, tactical style of XCom, Wasteland 2 and the early Fallout games.  Cool atmosphere in a Cthulhu like setting.  Not overly difficult and while the variety of trinkets add superficial variety, in reality, like Wasteland2 you will only use a small handful that are perhaps overbalanced."
76561197972801440,Recommended,307670,30893618,Posted: 1 April,all,Nyarlathotep,I would get this game on sale under $10 if possible.  Similar to XCom's gameplay but much simpler.  It is pretty easy and gets repetitive but still entertaining.
76561198334180394,Recommended,307670,25859603,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,_unicorn_,"This is a hard core tactical, turnbased wild west adventure. Pretty dark story.It is quite challenging. Enjoying it so far, though I have only completed the first story."
,Recommended,307670,25318889,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Phileosophos,"Holy crap is this game an unexpected diamond! I like turn-based strategy, but only when it's not boring. This game constantly surprises me with the interesting choices I have to make, doling out its interesting story one choice at a time.In the larger meta-game, I have to pick where I mine, how I mine, and how I deal with the various problems that crop up along the way. That gold I mine can be traded for better weapons, items, and other goodies that help me in the tactical combat portion of the game, which I can't long avoid.And said tactical combat is awesome! I haven't had so much fun in a western setting since playing Boot Hill on pen and paper with my friends decades ago. It was a little tricky to grasp how to handle things at first, and the luck system still continues to stymie me at times, but I haven't felt this good about a turn-based strategy combat system in a LONG time.And then there's the ambiance and overall plot direction, both of which I absolutely LOVE. If you have even an inkling of interest in the western setting, if you have even the barest fraction of appreciation for turn-based strategy, I'd say this is a bloody MUST BUY game.I have no idea how this slipped under my radar for so long, but I'm glad I've found it."
76561198042287562,Recommended,307670,25317600,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Maggotheart,"This is a horror western game that has a CYOA section paired with tactical turn based gunplay. The setting is interesting, the combat is fun and there are lots of guns and abilities. I really liked the combat injuries in the game where you can get a persistent wound if you are heavily damaged, and then eventually it turns into a scar with some attached bonuses. Definitely play with this feature ON.The CYOA section has potential, but mostly your choices don't matter and the whole thing becomes a trivial exercise. Things cost gold but you can get infinite money. There was one scenario where you had to pay gold to move around that I liked, and another one where you had to find recipes to craft new items. Combat is not difficult and you are given game breakingly powerful skills and items through the card system and the Fate Trader."
76561198045210032,Recommended,307670,22699190,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mumpster,Turn based gameplay at it's best/
76561198075037658,Recommended,307670,20823918,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,burdock,"Excellent animation. An old game with new clothes on. Boring story/concept. In game objectives have little or nothing to do with game play or the story line. Some parts have, i found, highly annoying riddles that have no relation to the rest of the game or with game play. It's like game developers dont feel the need for a screenplay. Never heard of a dilemma, subtext or even basic dramatic tools as suspense or forward projection. Not as bad as banner saga"
76561198233222656,Recommended,307670,22283402,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Harry_Ballzak,"Im torn between saying just let it be and wanting it to make more sence and have more flow with respect to chapter system that provides you with new challenges/oportunities, but takes away all the cool stuff you worked for, almost before you even get to use it.  Im sure if i was asked how id like it .. I would much prefer the same characters for the whole game or at least know when they were being swapped out rather than have them just dissappear right before a fight and after i have spent 15 mins kitting everyone out.I really like the ""Luck""combat system. Its both random and predictable,making you actualy think about the numbers.I love the poker hands skill allocation but again cards often come too late and then are gone with the change of scenarioI have played both the game and DLC through twice on max so i am clearly a fan and yet.. twice is all you can get out of it.  The new DLC is pretty hard.. that assault on the steam train kept me busy for a while. Id say its fair value for the price and no doubt i will buy the next one.. while still wishing it was longer.I think my biggest grievances are1. View is FOUR points of the compass only!!, not veiwable from 360 degrees and elevation is not an option either (although you can change the height by veiwing upper floors of buildings, thats not the same).. The A.I. all shoot through lined up windows at you but u will almost never be able to do it yourself because you cant line them up. This one really annoys me.2. The stuff in the shops goes off the bottom of the scroll.. you have to pull 4 or 5 items into your buy window sometimes to get at the bottom item. not such a huge issue but i missed the op to buy great weps a couple of times b4 i noticed.3. The choppy story and constant re-allocation of characters... a ""feature"" or a ""flaw""? I could do without it.Overall i give it a thoroughly enjoyable 7/10, and wait both for more DLC , and for someone else to do it better."
,Recommended,307670,21945411,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Corkus,"Good game. If you like X-com and had annoyances with the pure RNG system you will love this with the ""luck"" factor thrown in the mix."
,Recommended,307670,22692474,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,GeneralHawk,"Fun game, great setting.  An XCOM family tree game.   Don't expect same scope and depth/length but a great fun adventure.  A steal for the price!"
,Recommended,307670,20870776,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Pepper,A very stunning turn based strategy game with similarities to XCOM. It contain some gripping story elements However this disallows for character creation or naming of characters which can remove from the experience a little.
76561198025527186,Recommended,307670,20675134,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,[SVER]livesean,First review for a game ever but ill give it my best. Spoiler alert.After playing the main 4 chapters there is an awkward spot in the story where the masked man one of the main villains in the story runs an empire of illegal etc. Runs vast empire of wealth and power but loses a card game and kills you over it.. seems a little petty and strange to me did anyone else find it strange?This game also couldve used some multiplayer as it would be a worthy edition to it with the card system and the combat in general idk why they didnt add it maybe they will add it later though.solid 7/10 for me.8/10 if villain wasnt petty felt weird made me lose intrest in the story pretty quick although it picks back up later9/10 with that and multiplayerthis review excluded any bugs mostly cus i didnt encounter any.
76561198157546071,Recommended,307670,20615720,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,roofin-fool,"Enjoying this game quite a bit, even though it's not a game I would normally try. I'm mostly RPG focused, but I've been a little disappointed in the recent offerings. Anyway, I like the tactics and the narration is top-notch. My rig is a bit dated, so I had to dial back a bit and I've still had some crashes, which I think is more on my end than the game itself. Some interesting choices story-wise (with consequences), so I would say it definitely has some replayability.I would absolutely recommend ths game. Short review, I know, but I'm going back in..."
76561198108504353,Recommended,307670,21433422,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,TheRedHeadDidIt......,"OUTSTANDING !!!!If you have time for the map stories, the shoot outs are, here it is again, OUTSTANDING!!Controls - easy peasy!Game Play - smooooooooooooooooooothStyle of art work for the game - yes again, OUTSTANDING!What am i always saying when playing:No no no... miss me this time, please!! miss miss! Argghh!! and Whews!!! alot from me!!Plz make a ton of dlc for this!Plz make make!!!!Ok, back to the game....."
76561197997987662,Recommended,307670,20444204,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,bec,Loved it! Absolute unexpected surprise from a developer I've barely even heard of before. Some bug squisching is still in order tho...
,Recommended,307670,20342111,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[IOK]boozebag,Alot of fun and funny. Not much information out about this game so its a real learn as you go. 8 campaigns to play through. This will tide you over until Feb for XCOM 2
,Recommended,307670,20480610,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Cipher,"A very fun blend of the old west with a supernatural, Cthulhu-esque twist. If you liked XCOM, you'll really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,307670,20504595,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,bodya.chuk,This is the first turn-based strategy game I've played to the end. Very interesting combat atmosphere and story line. Will play several more times for sure.
76561197993694207,Recommended,307670,20565802,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Datek,"I got quite a few hours of enjoyment out of this.  Not bad at $19.99, but a good value on sale."
76561198261061122,Recommended,307670,28417886,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,shaikon,"its a fun game if you enjoy a good story get it.  If you want more freedom like xcom this is not it,wish devs would make a world map and allow you to choose scenarios maybe take over towns or defend and upgrade for income. the game is simple and i havent played on hard but people that complain just probably bad at tactics, i didnt have problem at all killing enemys."
,Not Recommended,307670,28391132,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Monteheim,"The core gameplay is okay but I don't care much about item/weapon selection or the story or anything happening on the world map so it just got boring after a while. There's no character progression as there is in similar games.So yeah, it's not terrible but it feels somewhat dissapointing to me.PS: ridiculously bad performance for a game like this."
76561198024984683,Not Recommended,307670,28429733,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,rsbhongkong,No ability to save makes this game not worth playing. Having to do the easy sections over and over to get to the difficult part makes it feel like a grind.
,Recommended,307670,28495129,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,BoSk0,"Good strategic game (Tactic) and good ambientation, but in my opinion the thread of the evil and the purgatory are not necesary, only the west, not sobrenatural things.ES: Buen juego de estrategia (tactico) y buena ambientación, pero en mi opinion el tema del demonio y el purgatorio no era necesario, solo el tema del oeste, no las cosas sobrenaturales."
76561198030156753,Recommended,307670,28522423,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,The Parting Glass,"A decent game with some refreshing rpg and story mechanics for a poorly represented genre: not just western, but weird-western! YAYSUS! I look forward to more from the dev-team.Beware: do NOT get clever and try to deviate from the initial tutorial combat scenario--it's a rigged fight!!!"
76561198106940224,Recommended,307670,28367861,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MIKEEDEEE,"This is a very good turn-based game. I love the story, but there are two things that need to be addressed:1. This game doesn't allow you to have multiple saves.2. The camera angles need work.3. I wish there was a fast-forward button for the A.IOverall, this game is worth the purchase. I'm looking forward to Hard West 2!"
,Recommended,307670,28380014,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,greatfrito,"I'm a huge fan of Weird West and turned based tactical games, so a friend who had seen this recomended it to me.  Thus far, I've very impressed.  The combat is simple, but effective.  The mechanisms really capture the right feel, while remaining unique and interesting.  The gameplay has some oddities (the overworld stuff might not suit many people, but it reminds me a lot of Fallout Tactics in a good way), but is pretty fantastic overall.I'm very happy with this purchase.  I only wish it had some kind of multiplayer."
,Recommended,307670,28369073,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jukola,"Started playing only to notice first four hours passed quite fast! If you enjoy turn based strategies, give this one a go!"
76561198077913893,Recommended,307670,28382326,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,D. Lichlore,"So far, I am loving this game.  A mix of wild west, science fiction, and horror that blends into a great story and smooth turn-based combat."
76561198024944562,Recommended,307670,27371988,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RangerRobAZ,"This is a fast loading, streamlined, indie-take on XCOM set in Weird West.  I enjoy the simplicity of the game. I can get into the action fast and play through the missions quickly. The game doesn't have 100 hours of content, but it is plenty for the price. I enjoy having the focus on tactics without all of the overhead diggers games have."
76561198000636096,Recommended,307670,28583503,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Emberstorm,"Terrific game, I'd love to see more DLC and future games from this developer. It was refreshing in a strange sense, I've played other turn-based shooters like Shadowrun and Wasteland but this game was really enjoyable. It was very easy to pick up, play a new story and have a lot of fun.Maybe it was because the game felt fast and easy to pick up that made it so enjoyable. I had a few small issues like inventory and card screens being laggy, and occasional strange AI, but for the most part everything was very satisfying.I'd be very happy to pay more for another game simular to this one with a bigger scope, or perhaps even a low fantasy medieval RPG with simular combat and overworld map movement. Will definately have my eyes peeled for future titles by this developer."
,Recommended,307670,28560159,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,[NEO] Van Virts,"It took a while to actually understand the whole gameplay. But after like 4 hours I had to switch to Hard mode, and even than after 12 hours of playing I realized it was too easy. AI is easy to trick and AI does not use special powers like You do. But still the gameplay is so refreshing, especially because one wrong move and you may be dead. It feels like Fallout 2 with more meaning in terms of combat. The game is really good. The stroy is also good, but that was not interesting for me at all. Yet, I thought there was not enough of this game, I felt it finished too fast. I totalla say it: ""Worth a buy"", very good game. Although I wish it was like Fallout 2, so that You can travel anywhere and actually communicate with NPCS instead of reading about it."
76561197989594656,Recommended,307670,28458478,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Trump Senpai,"fun but minor flaws interrupt good gameplay.no in-game settings.  only option is to restart or leave.  That means no saving in the middle of the scenario, no adgusting in game volume (and since no saving you cant just leave then come back after adjusting it from main menu).Like many turn based games it is plagued by long wait times between turns if there are a lot of enemies.luck..good in theory but bad in practice.  leads to long drawn out gun fights where you and the enemy just fire back and forth at eachother missing over and over.  yawn.also with no way to save in the middle of the game you cant leave and come back for more later.  if you start a scenario you better be ready to sit tight til its done.  very poor decision."
,Recommended,307670,27337059,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Antibot_One,IT'S HIGH NOON!!!
76561198039040694,Recommended,307670,28353439,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,kreia,Gotta say I expected a load of indie dev crap but honestly so far I'm loving it I've always had a soft spot for westerns and the stories of the devil charming and scheming his way thru the dusty west
76561198096431930,Recommended,307670,28478577,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,jerome_teh,What an awesome game this is.  Been playing exclusively this game since I bought it last week.  Storyline is good.  Game play is good.  Visuals are good.  The only drawback is that the story is a bit short.
76561198015337264,Recommended,307670,28479840,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Rhev,"Honestly, someone else wrote the perfect review for the game right here:http://steamcommunity.com/id/kryskiller666/recommended/307670/But to just TLDR it:It's a good game, but I'd wait for a sale.  Even at $20 it's debatable if this is really worth it.  What it does right, it does right.  Nice narration, good feel, solid combat, but there's a few flaws.  No saving, no 'overwatch', etc.  It's an enjoyable ride, and I'm glad I bought it on sale.  If you like xcom and the old west, pick it up.  If you're hesitant on either of those, maybe hold off."
76561197993548532,Recommended,307670,28445408,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Crowley,"Summary:Great turn based tactical combat game. Interesting and atmospheric occult old west setting. If you liked Invisible Inc or XCOM, this is definitely for you. Clearly a platform for DLC (but fairly priced) and hopefuly a content editor to let the communtiy make their own campaigns. Stable, I only one mildly annoying bug on the Windows version. Linux version is/was apparently a lot more buggy.Description:Difficulty is tunable, I've only played it on normal, which was pretty easy once I had the mechanics figured out. but there are a lot of tweaks to make it more difficult (or easier).The campaign is split up into scenarios which consist of a strategic section: where equipment is bought and sold and plot relevant choices are made; and a tactical combat section.  Characters are carried over, but not their gear or buffs. Each scenario has a few different strategic mechanics. For example, food and provisions are required in one section, but not others. In another scenario, you have over 50 hirelings to run around the map doing stuff, in others you don't.Characters don't level, but can be customised with gear and plaing cards. The playing cards give special abilities (like ricochet) and attribute buffs and further attribute buffs if the cards make poker hands. Each character can have a max of 5 cards. Bad guys can do overwatch, but player characters can't.The combat gets the job done, with a couple of cool mechanics. I particularly like the ricochet ability, it's a shame only one character can have it at a time, but that also adds to the tactical planning you have to do. There is also a stealth phase (called ""setup"") to a lot of the combat sections (but things typically end in mass slaughter).Issues:There seems to be a memory leak or some other kind of bug, which causes the game to start slowing down considerably on transition events, like moving from map view to character sheet view after you've been playing for an hour or so.It's a bit short, but this engine has clearly been designed as a versatile storytelling platform so there's DLC presumably with more soon. Plus, it's not that expensive."
76561197971102112,Not Recommended,307670,28436375,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,McFred,"Well, what to say. Fun game, like XCOM but in the wild west. HOWEVER: There seems to be a game engine flaw causing peoples graphics cards to get extremely hot. Considering this is not in any way an old issue with this engine I can not do anything but warn people to keep track of temps while playing so that cards aren't damaged.It´s not so fun that its worth melting my gfx card."
76561197987413333,Recommended,307670,28447696,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ThePhallocrat,"SO GOOD. If you enjoy XCOM style tactical games, you'll love this. The combat is challenging but fun, and each scenario has its own flavor and style. The over-all story is dark and engaging, and I find myself already looking forward to my second playthrough on a harder difficulty. I'm really impressed with the whole thing, this is a solidly put-together game."
,Recommended,307670,27070547,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aiiiiieeeeee,A fairly entertaining turn based tactical set in the Weird West. The poker hand system and wide range of gear adds quite a bit of variety to builds and the story is actually pretty good.
76561198079079047,Recommended,307670,26488293,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,rick_d,"This game looked very promising to me. It has an intense atmosphere. It looks very interesting overall.What it does not have - which I lately encounter in more and more games and I absolutely hate that tendancy - is an awfully nonexisting saving system. Sorry, but that is an absolute no-no for me. Other players may skip saving if they do not want to use that function but I find it really disgusting if the choice to save or not save is not left in my hands.I would have never expected that such a simple and basic function would have to be regularly checked next to usual aspects like price, content, storytelling etc. However, in the future this will be a K.O criterion for me. Either the game includes a proper saving system and I will purchase it or it lacks a proper saving system and I will immediately refuse it.EDIT: I found out that it is very easy to create a backup of the autosave file. However it is an unnecessary, annoying workaround for this poorly designed feature."
76561198036203315,Recommended,307670,26559326,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ludi Burek,"Good concept and well executed. Overall a pretty memorable game for me and I will definitely watch for more stuff from this team.It really felt like they invested money where it mattered such as good soundtrack and writing. The narrator does a stellar job too. Combat is enjoyable and graphics are adequate. The art style works. It really felt like a polished, bug free game, although I did play it almost a year after release.I only wish that it was more RPGey. Characters carrying over rather then having loosely related seperate scenarios, but this could be just me expecting more of what I'm used too. The scenario type delivery of several stories still works.There has been much complaining about the save system. The complaints are somewhat justified but it's hardly as burdensome as some make it out to be. Although, if you are someone that likes to replay events for branching achievements, you may need to resign to having to replay the scenario instead of loading a save point."
76561197999750586,Recommended,307670,26680096,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Grendel,"I immensely enjoyed this game, even though I bought it on sale with fairly low expectations.It has a spectacular story and fluid, inventive gameplay, with mission that often have a twist in the tried and true xcom tactical shooter formula.The luck system made a lot of sense and was much fairer than xcom always random dice rolling, which led to a lot of frustration in my ironman playthrough.If you like tactical games and great storytelling, buy this without hesitation."
76561198009271369,Recommended,307670,26734903,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,King Noob,"As Yahtzee is fond of saying, the best games seamlessly connect story with gameplay; Hard West marries narrative and XCOM-style combat in atmospheric union. You play a number of characters in a weird Western setting that recalls the supernatural touches of Stephen King. Decisions you make choose-your-own-adventure style in the overworld translate into gamechanging maluses and bonuses in the turn-based combat arenas. The much-touted Luck system (in which the devs rolled evasion and mana meters into one system) encourages careful resource management and adds complexity to the straightforward shooting.Give it a go if you want a refreshing take on story in games."
76561198059222127,Recommended,307670,27117649,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kyrian007,"This game is a must for fans of Deadlands.  It is about as close to Deadlands as a videogame has ever been.  An interesting story, fun iso style gameplay mechanics, multiple character types and customization, and interesting and fun old west/steampunk weaponry.  Weird west at its best on pc."
76561198091940119,Recommended,307670,27127644,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,turcophil,"This game has a great concept, and a very inuitive control system. I have fun playing it. If you like tactical games, you'll like this."
,Recommended,307670,27257683,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Godlike.DROGO,"Great game! The only way it should be played for its true effect is to select every mode for the episode. because there are NO SECOND CHANCES, in the real old west. xD"
76561197963592632,Recommended,307670,28702355,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Harnesh,"Hard Westis one of the best games I've played this year.Unfortunately for Hard West, its stunning narrative, and  fresh setting is weakened by adull combat experience.What could have been a masterpiece: is just a good game with some dullWell worth the money, if only to support the developers.What does Hard West do Right?✪ Great Story TellingThe voice acting and writing is superb.✪ Unique Campaign SystemMany great stories unfold with lots of interesting characters✪ Very Cool SettingOld West w Supernatural Elements✪ Combat - Turn BasedWhat are the near misses and flaws?☠ Combat - Turn BasedPretty simplified. There is an interesting card system in place, but the actual combat which plays a big part of the game, is weak. Much older games have made it better.There are also some design flaws to combat, interrupt only being usable by the enemy ai being the biggest. With little variation to weapons, unlimited ammo, and no deep tactical elements, combat quickly turns repetitive and dull.Though even if the combat is really weak, the narration and story is well worth it. I started by saying this is one of the best games I played this year, and I really mean it."
,Recommended,307670,28685609,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Brother Yohanan,"This is one amazing gem in the sea of crap we get today.It is not too advanced, but story-line is great, controls are perfect, game-play is on the level and it even has a solid replay value.If you like a taste of old west with some magic and darkness this is a game for you.My verdict on this is 9/10 - I would only prefer some more advanced features and tactical experience."
76561198032412889,Recommended,307670,28614009,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ZarPof,"A cross between X-Com, Xenonaughts, and Wasteland 2 set in the west with a hint of magic in the form of the stranger in the buisness suit and top hat (aka the Devil).  The turnbased combat flows smoothly, it is easy to understand gameplay and the UI for us vertern squad based turnbased players.The theme is fun and it clips along at a decent rate, think around X-com speeds per turn, but with more environmental interactions.  I have only beat chapert 1 of 7 (I believe) but it is quite amusing, and it does appear to have multiple choice solutions to obstacles it presents the player.  The only downside I see is it doesn't look like equipment carries over from 1 chapter to another.  So spend your loot while you have it."
76561198040222530,Recommended,307670,28606329,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,taruko.sama,Love the game. I'v done only 3 of the ~7 Campaign so far but I'm totaly saying this right now: Worth every penny!
,Recommended,307670,28809244,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Y0kenB,"You'll find Hard West is a tactical turn based combat game set in the wild west era of cowboys and mayhem.  It's unique and well thought out game mechanics and user interface draws you into it's world nicely, and the scenarios are well written and presented - albeit somewhat dark and sinister.In Hard West, you find yourself following a series of unfortunate events, where the only real choice is to fully embrace the darkness, sell your soul to the devil and enjoy the empowerment and resulting fun the game has to offer.Hard West's character progression is represented by your poker hand, where you can select and combine up to 5 cards to find that perfect skills and ability set.At the time of this posting, Hard West is listed in the Steam sale for $7.99 @ 60% discount, and at this price it's a must buy. Even the full price listed on Steam at $19.99 is still worth this great title. CreativeForge Games has outdone themselves and I'll certainly be on the lookout for any of their future titles.You can have a look at my initial thoughts and quick review here:https://youtu.be/HgDDnI7o1Bg"
,Recommended,307670,29017269,Posted: 4 January,all,ikeboy,"9/10Great story! definitely deserves a sequel.Think of this as Xcom in a western supernatural indiana jones setting.Highly recommended if you liked X-com, Shadowrun, or Banner Saga.ProsTravelling on the map and choosing which missions to do first kinda gives you an open-world feel.Different Card deck combinations let you customize you're character skills/bonuses.ConsNo overwatch mode"
,Recommended,307670,28968071,Posted: 2 January,all,heartache,#god game cowboy
,Recommended,307670,28726074,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,nocrane,I have been following this game since the fundraising. I was very excited about it but when it was released the reviews were quite mixed so I just delayed launching it. First installed it yesterday and since that moment I have been playing it whenever I could find time.If you love western I am sure you will like this game and there isn't much options out there anyway. It is a dark western game with cultists involved and narrated by Death itself. There are multiple scenarios which are connected to main story but every single scenario has a different gameplay type which I loved the most. Some sceanrios you just explore places which may either reward or punish you and in some scenarios you will have to manage resources. In my 15 hours gameplay I haven't encountered any bugs or AI problems. You may not find the plot all that appealing but I think it suits this kind of gameplay. Some fights may drag on for a while but if you manage your skills and cards right then it is definitely rewarding.Just bought the DLC as well and can't wait to get back in it.8/10
76561198131728983,Recommended,307670,29014659,Posted: 4 January,all,flambros-msn,This is an amazing game! I got immediately hooked.Great turn-based/strategy gameplay and storyline.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,307670,31932316,Posted: 24 May,all,Klarum,"Wild West X-Com with a twist.Good tactical game.Good story.Scenario mechanics are a bit meh, but that is fine since it is not the core of the game."
,Recommended,307670,29542357,Posted: 28 January,all,Kailyr,"A fantastic and challenging experience, absolutely worth buying.The game breaks the story up into small campaigns, and switches between turn-based combat and a map you travel. The game has numerous interesting mechanics (the card desk system stands out), great characters, and the narration is beautiful.The difficulty system can be adjusted before each campaign playthrough, with medium being challenging (prepare to restart combat multiple times) but not altogether impossible.The game looks great and plays great. During my play I came across only 2 issues- one a misspelling (unnoticeable), the other a combat bug where a character would get stuck moving occasionally and combat would have to be restarted (a source for frustration, understandably). The save system is automatic, meaning no manual save, which is a complaint to many. I personally had no issue with this format, preferring to play a campaign right through, and replay afterwards if I desired to make a different choice"
76561198059032923,Recommended,307670,29448184,Posted: 23 January,all,tonygallucci,"Bizarrely addictive and entertaining  game. It has its faults - one save slot and some linearism (also losing a favoured NPC in a dialoge section choice is particularly irritating) - but it was so different it kept me coming back every day. Graphics mostly good  a zoom in feature wouldve been nice, but voice acting was excellent. More demonics would have pleased me but overall, I liked it!A lot."
76561198092610217,Not Recommended,307670,29476582,Posted: 24 January,all,danielsnelson29,This would be a good strategy game if there weren't so many bugs. Game constantly freezing on the plague scenerio. Have had it freeze up at other parts too and in battle(not too often though).  It's still a good game with a good story line but its so damn frustrating to not have access to about a third of the game due to the freeze issue on one of the begining scenerios.
76561198015084048,Recommended,307670,29498113,Posted: 26 January,all,The Rpg Guy,"Not a bad game at all. The soundtrack is neat, though the choral parts during the demon battles gets a little annoying after a while. The game's battle mechanics are on par with XCom: Enemy Unknown with enough tweeks and changes to it that makes it different. The story is told mostly through dialogue and text as you traverse an overworld that gives you many choices on how to approach many of the conflicts you find yourself in. Though the main scenario and the side scenarios can be blazed through in about 16 hours (assuming you do everything there is to do in each scenario) you will beat it in about 16 hours.The story itself is mostly what one would expect out of a Western Themed game with a delicious side dish of Satan. It has a very dark enviornment and the manner in which you can go about dealing with things can make it even darker. The side stories are also quite interesting and give insight to small off shoots of the main plot, and are somewhat interesting in light of the main storyline. Replayability is only here for story and difficulty, as the game itself is only a good challenge on hard mode with battle wounds enabled.Fans of tactical games in the style of X-Com: Enemy Unknown will probably love this game's take on the combat system. With many parallels the system itself lacks any need to overly micromanage characters prior to battle and does a lot to ensure that combatants can have different skills and abilities to set up per combat based on an inventory system and special ability poker hands system. You primarily get stronger as you find better guns, consumables, relics, and playing cards.I think people of tactical games, in the same style as XCOM: Enemy Unknown, will enjoy this game on the medium or hard setting for sure, the easy setting is far too easy and detracts from the strong points of the battle system. There is also an ironman mode for the diehard gamers to tackle and the game also has an available expansion I have yet to check out.The game is easily worth the cost they ask for at 20 bucks. If you're short on cash try to pick it up on a steam sale and you will most likely will enjoy this game for it's dark western themes, decent music, and decent tactical combat system."
76561198042135034,Recommended,307670,29489609,Posted: 25 January,all,benedictjules,"I love the Turn-Based Strategy genre, and the ""weird west"" dynamic was fun. The card-based powers make the game interesting and replayable. Pretty easy if you turn on a few of the mods, and the graphics were scaled back on my machine (which doesn't have the best graphics card), but it ran well and it's a fun story. I'd recommend it to people who like TBS games."
,Recommended,307670,29789662,Posted: 8 February,all,Dr. Doctor,"This western X-COM actually has some better combat systems than new X-COM series. It's Luck feature(which is basically dodge penalty, and mana at the same time) and damage reduction when behind cover feels fair, as it doesn't simply rely on pure 'luck' like X-COM. Ally characters don't have overwatch, therefore you can't just sit in the most safe spot and hope the enemies rush in bullet hell.What Hard West is missing though, are weapon balance and class diversity. There are few great weapons, some fine weapons, and total junks. It even has the global shop called 'Fate Traders' which sells some of the great weapons 24/7, thus you will always end up rake in money and buy from Fate Traders with almost every campaign mission. About class diversity, there actually is no such thing as class. Character's have different stats but the differences are often neglectable . You can differentiate them by card distribution if you want, but some combinations and active effects are too powerful that it kills the meaning of differentiation.(i.e. +15 Aim by Four Card, Chain Kill)The thing is, even after considering what I've mentioned above, I still recommend this game. Yes the balance is a bit iffy, but other features like combat itself and story(, and the magnificent voice of narrator) make Hard West worth buying.TL;DL: 7/10. Worth buying on sale even if you are not a big fan of turn-based game."
,Recommended,307670,29792995,Posted: 8 February,all,Vadertrooper,"I've always thought tactical games were boring until I stumbled upon this game on sale. Taking a risk, I bought it, and it was amazing. It looks similar to Telltale Games and Borderlands in art style, and the environments are better than most games I've played. It has an amazing system of luck and abilities, and if you take an action, it will affect you later on because of the game being heavily story driven. I would definetly recommend it to anyone!"
76561197972314806,Recommended,307670,29642523,Posted: 1 February,all,[LaF]HateSmurf,"Tactical turn-based combat, grim story telling, the feeling of impending doom regardless of which choices you make. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,307670,29663097,Posted: 2 February,all,Clyde Blackburn,"The game is actually pretty good, But there a lots of bugs that can ruin the whole scenario that need you to restart the whole scenario again..."
76561198012245691,Recommended,307670,29908784,Posted: 13 February,all,Sparrow,This is a good initial outing into the turned-based tactial combat genre and hopefully they'll return and offer a sequel with even more features.  The art and the story adds a lot of interest and the poker hands and special ability cards give it a lot of interesting ways to customize your crew.
76561198160419898,Recommended,307670,29949464,Posted: 15 February,all,Flipstone,"Hard West is hard!I am a huge fan of turn based strategy games and my heart forever remains with HOMM3 and the first isometric Fallout games. I know that today's kids are into shooting first, asking questions later but games like Hard West are the real gems in my opinion.The good:The artwork is really awesome and I am really enthralled by it.The gameplay is just cool and makes you think.The areas and locations you discover make you feel like a real explorer and give this single player game a less linear and everything but superficial experience.The items are unique for the game.Not being able to save every time you want to keeps you on your toes.The texts that come up on screen that you have to read to make decisions are very cool. They just make you think about what would have happened if you decided otherwise.The not so good:I feel like the characters need more to them like side quests that you can do with them individually or as a team.I wish there were more areas and mods to explore with a bigger variety of bad guys.Hand-to-hand action would be nice to have. I simply love it when they start a good ol' fist fight in the old spaghetti westerns and Bud Spencer's character pummels the bad guys.I like this game very much! I will probably go through all quests more than once and would really like to see where the development goes. Please, add more content!"
76561197968229441,Recommended,307670,29939054,Posted: 15 February,all,MaGiX,"Layed my eyes on this product for some time and was waiting for it to come up cheaper on midweek sales i.e. I bought it few days ago and have to say that I am positively surprised. Really good grafix (level of detail just what is needed), nice campaign mode and sounds. Players that would like a wild-west-demonized-jagged-alliance will love it. Strong buy!"
,Recommended,307670,29860959,Posted: 11 February,all,Gordovski,"Hard West is a western Xcom but only with more of a story I find, Worth the buy."
76561198365233511,Recommended,307670,29752833,Posted: 6 February,all,TuPikador,ITS A FUN GAME ITS HARD BUT FUN..
76561198047740091,Not Recommended,307670,29701280,Posted: 4 February,all,AeroFunk80,"This game has a pretty interesting story, amazing narrator and fun combat. However, the game does need more substance. Outside of the combat, the game can be pretty dull. Prospecting for gold can get boring and is pretty basic. Visiting areas that don't involve combat result in a quick dialogue with options on what to do but the options. There's also little to no party customization. While you get some trinkets, boons and cards to give your character's special abilities, it lacks the customization games like this typically have... such as XCom.Do I recommend this game at full price of $19.99? No. That's why I gave it a thumbs down. However; I got it when they had a sale for 65% off. Do I recommend it for $6.99? Yes.Not a bad game, but there are plenty of games similar to this that are far better."
76561198076717563,Recommended,307670,29728185,Posted: 5 February,all,gjcarneiro,"I recommend this game as it is well done and fun game, if you like XCOM.  Not in the same league as XCOM, of course, but...One annoying thing, though, is that the game has a tendency to crash sometimes after you complete a combat mission.  Which can be annoying, having to replay the combat mission again from scratch.  I wish the developers would fix these annoying crashes.  In spite of this, I quite like the game so far."
76561198161056587,Recommended,307670,29887717,Posted: 12 February,all,Linux_gamer_33556,"So I purchased this game for the Linux port and came across several issues. I.e . The environment Screen would flicker and during halfway Into the campaign the character hud display disappeared completely.Looked up troubleshooting searched online for problem and rechecked files. Reinstalled game and still no hud.In the end I got frustrated and had to play the game via Linux wine which shamefully worked better than the Linux port.In regards to the game.enjoyed it very much, enjoyed it even more than xcom. Would play it again and again. 8/10Specs:Ubuntu 16.04I7 2.67ghz8gb ddr 3 ramGtx 760Wine staging rc 2.0Dx9,10Vcredist 2008,2010.net4.0"
76561198076553409,Recommended,307670,31082190,Posted: 11 April,all,Graph Zaal,"xcom in wild west - deamons for aliens...just limited through story. the game has some short story campaigns, every finishable within  a few hours. so it is no longterm game to dive into, but a short-while entertainment for boring hours. there is a world map with locations to buy things, get missions and choose the campaign path, only interrupted by campaign milestones. the game is about turn based combat with 1 to 5 caracters, with its own strenghts and weaknesses and customisable equipment. its a fast paced combat, with a not so small luck-factor. very beautiful designed. very hardware intense though, but definately a buy for small offer."
,Recommended,307670,30346843,Posted: 5 March,all,kLIPZ,worth buying i took a chance and its something different to play with i get burnt out on CS  so... def give it a shot especially if you like these type of games
,Recommended,307670,31346893,Posted: 24 April,all,CandyFromAßaßy,what is the intro soundtrack of the first video of this game in the store? I couldnt find it in game soundtracks?
,Recommended,307670,28438009,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,BaronVonBoBo,"So far this is one of the most enjoyable games that I have played that has come out in 2016.If you like games like X-com, and you like westerns, pick this game up. I got it on sale but I fully support buying it at full price as well. Its fun as hell.Mission:Get brought back from the dead.Objective: Kill everyone in town.K scary devil guy."
76561198029696533,Recommended,307670,28438913,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,XBonesX,Playing this game is an enjoyment.  I feel the game is well balanced.  I've read some of the negative reviews and I can see their point on a few things.   I personally have not found any issues with the game and have no complaints.  I tend to save the game at the combat sections; right before combat and return at a later time to pick back up where I left off.  I play the ironman and allow wounds mode on normal.  Having your character come down with an ailment or be crippled by something I feel is part of the game.   I realize many people would rather have a perfect game and reload a checkpoint if that were to occur but hey this is the old west and antibiotics are scarce.   Building your hand using cards you have collected can help balance a character that has become a lame duck in terms of movement.The game is broken out into campaigns with 2 tree paths; I've been playing them both.  I feel there is good depth to the game and this isn't something you are going to finish under 10 hours.  I tend to try and balance my group.  Mistakes such as assigning passive and active cards are something to pay attention too.  Also ensuring you boost your luck to ensure you can use some of those card options; aggrevating not being able to use a special action because no luck.I have played the Xcoms and civs etc but I really feel this game captures a feeling of the old west.  The game is probably played best spaced out vs grinding it to get finished; a lesure type game in my opinion.  I purchased the game on sale and I'm very hapy with the purchase.
76561198129996709,Not Recommended,307670,28441690,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Aka,"Hard West has a lot going for it which is ultimately what makes it so frustrating. Very cool concept, great graphics, and mostly smooth gameplay.But, some pretty basic storytelling elements were simply left out. Feels like the developers rushed things. Had they taken a bit more time they really could have had something special. The storytelling segments can really drag on. The interface in these segments is pretty poor, repetitive, and just generally a bit awkward. There is one segment where all of a sudden you are responsible for feeding your crew—this is partway through the game and thus far no mention of food has been made. But, OK, no big deal, I'll get some dinner going. This is a great example of the rushed quality of the game development. The interface for feeding my characters (4 of them) takes thirty seconds, clciking and rereading the same animated text, so it ends up being an unnecessary and random waste of time—and you have to do this repeatedly through one sequence for some reason.I could forgive a few sloppy elements if they didn't drop the ball with character devlopement.  I don't even know where to start with. Just like any other story, connecting with the characters is an essential part of the plot's success. They have constructed some cool, albeit thin, personalities, but they don't let you really get into the role-playing elements. There is very little opportunity to alter and develop your character and by the time you at least start to, the segment is over and you have to take on a different character.I'm only writing this review because the vast potential the game has. I enjoyed many aspects. But, ultimately a let down."
76561198006295668,Recommended,307670,30973461,Posted: 5 April,all,offwhiteknight,"This is a good game. Not great, but good. I've enjoyed it and will play it more. I have not seen any major bugs....couple of graphic glitches but nothing more. The story line is enjoyable but very linear. You make choices but they don't effect the story much, just what items and followers you get. Never the less you do get to make a lot of choices and it is cery interesting that your character from one scenario might be the villian in the next.I do like that steath plays a much larger role than in games like XCom. Quite frequently a tactical battle will start with your characters sneaking around and combat doesn't begin until you alert the guards. This allows you to position your characters so that your opening shots can drop 3-4 guards in the first round....ambush style!"
,Recommended,307670,30051180,Posted: 19 February,all,alfafox0000,"I like the game a lot... butJust like XCOM..you pray to Rngjesus.The mechianic ""My current weapon accuracy VS Your current luck is a bit ridiculous""SO... if you have a 100% chance to hit BUT the Target has mroe then 100 luck... you miss.They lose 100 luck but you waste a turn.The game is very challenging on high settings.The story is well made and the narrator is 10/10.Looks very nice. Good choice of artstyleI would buy on a sale not to sure about $20 for the game $15 max."
,Recommended,307670,20574543,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Vladkins,"8/10 - fun turn based game in the vein of xcom+ Mini-scenarios with self containing stories that are somewhat connected to one another.+ Engaging story+ Some setups are a challenge- Very limited RPG elements, no leveling"
76561197986866912,Not Recommended,307670,24024019,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,WheelsDowner,"Well a bit further into it and it does nothing but crash in the inventory.  tried to troubleshoot looks like a known issue.  Uninstalled and Unrecommended.Xcom in the west is a decent analogy.  Good story, Pretty deep tactics."
76561197974417010,Recommended,307670,31429587,Posted: 28 April,all,Mark,"Good solid, turn based tatical.   A few quirks but very enjoyable."
76561198007620218,Recommended,307670,31478115,Posted: 30 April,all,Rasuel,"I can't believe how much I love this game. I had heard about how brutally difficult it is, and that's certainly the case. But, I figured out a way to work with that. I'm ashamed to admit it, but I play on Easy difficulty, which feels like Normal in most games. The Normal is more like Hard, which certainly would have driven people away. But, here's the thing: it's still challenging on Easy (i.e., ""Normal"").Since it's playable this way, I can tell you that I love the mood of the game: despite not having fancy graphics, you do feel pulled in by the story. It's exciting to learn more about the story. The combat isn't the strength, but it's good enough to get you to the next interesting plot twist. I had fun with the X-Com Enemy Unknown-style combat and ability to rotate the view.Add it to your wishlist, and grab it when there's a discount. Just don't be ashamed to play it on Easy: I've been playing games for a LONG time, and I think they got the difficulty wrong: it's playable, but it's just not fun to just die a few times perfecting the best path to victory. Just buy it and play it. You'll be glad you did."
76561198283962825,Recommended,307670,31510169,Posted: 2 May,all,DeepNcider,it is a very fun game. has a bunch of different mini stories that i hope will tie into eachother. i havent gotten to far but what i have played thus far is excellent!!
76561197970951366,Recommended,307670,31703840,Posted: 12 May,all,corth,"Visually beautiful game, fun combat with just enough strategy to keep it fast yet engaging.   The story is always surprising me, and the results of my choices related clearly and directly to the game play.  Really fun game!"
76561198035384813,Recommended,307670,31874890,Posted: 20 May,all,troy_charleston,Simple fun; good stories
76561198125749675,Recommended,307670,31542933,Posted: 4 May,all,Doc Woods,"I mostly enjoyed it. The tactical battles i thought were good fun, and presented an interesting set of puzzles in terms of ""who should I move where to maximize my fire power"". Being the core of the game, I the enjoyability of the tactical battles was probably the main thing.A few criticisms though:It wasn't especially stable (at least on Linux) and I got occassional frustrating crashes just after finishing a battle but just before it saved, which was annoying. It wasn't especially common, and hopefully can be fixed, but it was a bit annoying (related to this - one of the criticisms a lot of people had was that it doesn't have a manual save system. I understood the design decision not to have one and think I basically agree with it, but it would have made me less annoyed at the instability.)The ""large scale"" map bits were much less interesting than the tactical battles. I understand that they were trying to add varied mini-games, but in my mind this didn't quite come off - they all felt a bit clunky.Towards the end of the game I felt that I'd basically got how the system worked and was beginning to lose interest. This probably suggests that it was about the right length, but perhaps don't expect great replayability.Recommended with some caveats: I bought it while it was on sale and feel I got my money's worth, but I could imagine that if I'd paid release price I'd have felt a bit differently."
,Recommended,307670,31607863,Posted: 7 May,all,Shindragan,"Este juego es XCOM mas maldito en donde si te acercas a los malitos te sacan la escopeta y te matan y el AI es bueno para rodearte y matarte. Ah si, tambien le gusta sacar sus mamadas de vez en cuando pero pues, tu puedes recargar el juego y volver a intentarlo, total.Ademas, hay opciones para darte ventajas y desventajas por si se te hace muy dificil, asi que no te puedes quejar mucho, si no te gusta o se te hace injusto, deshabilitalo.Sacar el 100% de este juego se me hizo muy divertido aunque algo tedioso en algunas partes.Veamos:Pros:*Muy buen juego táctico y de estrategia que en realidad te hace pensar como mover a tu esquadron y usar cubierta a tu ventaja.*La historia este interesante y los personajes cambian de capitulo a capitulo para que no te aburras del mismo.* Los elementos de horror son buenos pero no los mejores, esta pasabale.* El AI es justo para alguien que le gusta este tipo de juegos, no es tan dificil pero no tan facil.Contras:* Pierdes todo tu dinero y equipo de capitulo a capitulo, a nosotros los acaparadores, nos caga que nos quiten las cosas.Le doy este juego 4 costras de heridas al higado de 5."
76561198035599199,Recommended,307670,31616693,Posted: 7 May,all,johntohill,"I heartily recommend this game.  It deserves far better than a ""Mostly Positive"" rating, as it's an absolute hidden gem.For those that enjoy tactical strategy games like X-com, Blackguards, or the old Fallout games, this is a treat.The game's setting is thoroughly enjoyable.  Standard spaghetti-western meets the demon invasion from Doom.  The game's structure is both a strength and a weakness.  It's split up into 8 different scenarios (9 with the DLC).  On the plus side, you never risk working yourself into a corner that you can't come back from, and the game has the luxury of throwing all sorts of varied battles, team members, equipment and storylines at you on a consistent basis so you are never bored.  But this stop-start approach means you never get a chance to become too invested in your characters or their struggles, and it doesn't matter how much time or effort you pour into fine tuning your setup, as after another couple of battles the characters are gone and you start from scratch again in the next scenario.  There is a little bit of carryover between scenarios, as you can unlock equipment that is available in each subsequent scenario's Fate Trader merchant.  But nothing beyond that.  Also the way the scenario's are laid out is odd as well.  I ended up accidentally finishing the main path via 4 of the scenarios and blazed through the really hard final battle and got the end credits before I realised I should have tried the other scenarios first.This structure also limits the usefulness of the injury system the game has.  Basically if your character is wounded in combat (if enabled in-combat using settings, or on the strategic map, more on this later), and you get them to survive the next couple of encounters, they'll end up stronger going forward.  But because of this structure your time to capitalise on these healed injuries is practically nil.  But overall, it was probably the best choice to ensure balance across the game.The game is split between the tactical battles and a simple strategic map phase, where you explore the countryside, gather supplies and crew, and wind up in different text-exposition encounters where often you must make choices that influence your teams health and wealth.  It's not terribly in-depth, but the different scenario's throw a different mechanism at you constantly so it never seems repetitive.  The writing must be commended as well, baring a liberal sprinkling of spelling and grammar mistakes.Before each encounter you make sure your team is equipped with up to 2 weapons, 2 consumables, and a trinket.  But even more interesting than that is a ""poker-cards"" system where you equip each member with up to a full hand (5) of cards, each with different stat boosts and either passive abilities or ones that must be activated in battle.  And you should try to pair up the cards, which each have a suit and a rank (nine, ten, jack, queen, king or joker) and you should try and build the best hand possible to receive additional bonuses.In battle you expend ""luck"" to activate these card abilities.  But be careful, as your luck is eroded as you take fire from the enemy.  Though whenever you get hit and loose health, you regain luck.  So this presents all sorts of interesting scenarios where you could move a lucky character out into an exposed position, and although he'll take lots of fire, he likely won't get hit and he can get in a killing blow or two.  In the game there exists cover, either full or half, with half absorbing less damage if the enemy lands a hit.  Although sometimes the cover system would show up some oddities with its pathological pedanticness on line of sight.  Basically you could be outflanking the enemy but you're still slightly in front of them, and your chance to hit is the same as if you were attacking them straight on.  But then as soon as you move slightly over so you're firing directly into their flank or from behind and suddenly your chance to hit shoots up.  A little unrealistic but the rest of the tactical combat is solid.The difficulty is spot on, with a noticeable bump up in the Scars of Freedom DLC.  I strongly recommend you play on hard with the combat injuries turned on.  I would have went Iron-Man mode, where the death of a main character means you must restart the scenario (not just the battle!) but I'm not that much of a masochist!So in summary, a solid tactical strategy game, with a grim, demonic setting and plenty of bloody shootouts.  Get it, you won't be disappointed!"
76561198048135282,Recommended,307670,31657211,Posted: 9 May,all,rcha8,"Wonderful little gem of a game. Probably the best western themed game I have played. Soundtrack, storyline and gameplay are all superb. Its games like this that make you realize the difference great voice acting and music make."
76561197977341489,Recommended,307670,28487067,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Couper,"TLDR: Lovecraftian XCOM with Satan and cool powersSo What your talking about essentially is XCOM, invisible Fallout tactics, a turn based tactical squad game.  But what’s attached to it is a lovecraftian western theme with some surprisingly good writing.The system it works off is a little hit and miss.  The hit part is you get hands of cards that decide your abilities and special powers, and all of those powers are awesome.  The miss part is basic shooting system, you get luck in place of chance and % so if for instance you walk out into the open and someone shoots you, you lose luck and don’t get hit e.g a lucky miss and vice versa if your are shot.  And this is an interesting idea except your luck also fuels powers so you can find yourself kinda wanting to get shot to fuel power, for me this isn’t a game breaker and I give it points for being unique."
76561197973966297,Recommended,307670,33672434,Posted: 20 July,all,Jah00R,"A nice story and solid gameplay.The book-like story driving may seem like a cheap shot, but it actually works very well."
,Not Recommended,307670,33912459,Posted: 30 July,all,RhawElement,"Its not bad, i just wish it was more like xcom, story driven is fine, but a nice big map and the ability to really pick what you do would be alot better.  This game has a map and you get to pick which order the liner plot is handed to you but you really have no say in what happens."
,Recommended,307670,33921070,Posted: 30 July,all,fadden,"Decent game for fans of XCOM.  It keeps the basic mechanics -- high/low cover, two moves that end when you shoot -- but tweaks them in interesting ways.  For example, cover reduces damage as well as hit chances, increasing the importance of it and the value of flanking shots.The most interesting difference is the use of a deterministic ""luck"" factor to decide whether or not a shot hits, removing the RNG from the game.  It makes for some interesting moments.  Using luck to power special abilities works as a mechanic in some ways but not others.  On the one hand, it makes the special abilities risky, because draining your luck increases the chances that the next shot will hit.  On the other hand, other than one single-use item, the only way to recharge luck to a moderate level is to get shot and then not get shot at again for the rest of the enemy turn.  The more expensive abilities are thus hard to use after the first few turns, so with a few exceptions the ""active"" abilities go unused.The ""setup stage"" is often tedious, as is some of the ""strategic map"" action (like feeding every member of your party one ... at ... a ... time).  There are occasionally long pauses when opening inventory or a shop.I enjoyed the story, which gives you various perspectives into a demonic struggle.NOTE: I first played this after the 1.5 update, which added mid-fight save/restore.  I probably would have rage-quit somewhere along the way without that."
,Recommended,307670,33919202,Posted: 30 July,all,Porkins,"Go play XCOM.Still want more?Go play XCOM 2.Still want more?Yeah, don't we all....  Do you like ""weird west"" content?  If so, maybe give this a try, provided you've played XCOM and XCOM 2 first.This game feels just okay.  The combat was fun, but the majority of the rest of it felt like B- or C+ content.  I found myself kind of bored between the ""tactical scenarios,"" which definitely should have been the focus of the game.  Choices don't feel like they make much of a difference, so most of it is just fluff to sort of further the story between shoot outs.At the end of the day, it quenched my thirst for XCOM-like tactical combat, but it did little else.  XCOM is superior in every way, except for Western-ness.I also own the DLC, but I don't know if I'm going to bother trying it out any time soon.Ulimtatley, I recommend this if  you have played XCOM, XCOM 2, you want more, and you like westerns or weird westerns."
,Recommended,307670,34517895,Posted: 26 August,all,alkemir,"This game is fun to play, but it is not as good as x-com. The combat mechanics are more limited than in x-com, and sometimes more unfair. To compensate for that, each chapter has a different ""meta"", which is refreshing, but not enough.Also, there is no continuity between chapters. For some odd reason, the game still feels like a beta... although it has manygood ideas, they are not polished or developed. Also, music / graphics / loading screens are not as good as they could, and the game menues suffer some severe performance issues.Get it on sale, it is fun, but not fully satisfying."
,Recommended,307670,34372378,Posted: 20 August,all,RaT,"All in all I recommend this game. It's a mixture of XCOM and Expeditions: Conquistador. BUT there are a few things that XCOM lovers might dislike.- Too much focus on the story: you don't fight as much as in XCOM. You rather run around the world map, clicking through some story events and from time to time you have to fight (this part of the game is like Expeditions: Conquistador). Don't get me wrong, the athmosphere is great, the story also not bad, but I caught myself several times in just clicking away the text boxes because I wanted to start the battles.- Fights are too easy: even on the hardest game mode the KI is not very challenging and once you know you to beat it, the game gets really easy. The fact that some of the cards (and combinations) are a bit OP doesn't help either.All in all I had fun playing the game and deeply hope there will be a second one. If so, I'd prefer less text events and more turn based fighting with a more challenging KI."
76561198033703328,Recommended,307670,34311580,Posted: 17 August,all,senzee7,"I really enjoyed this game!  It's presented as a series of vignette campaigns with individual but intertwining stories.  Each campaign introduces new characters and incorporates a different ""mini-mechanic"" in the overland map such as mining gold, managing hunger, trading, etc.  These mechanics aren't very deep but they help to give each campaign it's own individual flavor.  Achieving certain milestones in the campaign will unlock certain unique guns or inventory items which can then be accessed in the other campaigns.  Great hard-boiled western atmosphere and stories with supernatural themes.  I beat all of the campaigns on normal in 16 hours.  But I haven't unlocked everything or tried out the harder modes.  The game did a great job of mixing things up just enouigh that the gameplay doesn't get boring.  The graphics are solid with some nice touches but arent going to blow your mind.  I wholeheartedly recommend this game and hope that the developers make Hard West 2!"
76561198378933311,Recommended,307670,34382831,Posted: 20 August,all,nickparisi1982,"Really fun game, this was my first RTS type game and I really enjoyed it. Theres alot of stuff to do and it was easy for me to get into. I would reccommend this game to anyone"
76561198389256699,Recommended,307670,34487236,Posted: 25 August,all,Sliver Noob,"A very nice game that's only true flaw is length. the game includes 7 scenarios with a unique mechanic in each of them. unfortunately while the combat is nice there are only 4 combat encounters in each scenario which works against the game. the reason for this is the game's enjoyable ""scars"" system. during battles or overworld events your characters can gain injuries that negatively affect their stats. however after 2 combat encounters these turn into ""scars"" that provide buffs and extra health to the character. the downside is that this system can only be used properly if the injury is gained before, during, or immediately after the first combat encounter. this can be easily fixed though with the in-game mod of ""express scarification"" which turns them into scars after only 1 encounter. this also counts the encounter they obtained the injury in which coupled with a few other mods can make your characters gamble health away during an encounter to gain massive buffs for the rest of the scenario. all in all the game is very enjoyable and i've played it several times so if you see it on sale and you enjoy the game play of X-COM or simply want to try out the style definitely pick this one up. the DLC on the other hand?...."
76561198092790178,Recommended,307670,34497696,Posted: 25 August,all,gloriacat_ru,"Really good and solid game. Good, lovely created graphics and story. Interesting turn-based combat system.JaggedAlliance with better created battlefields and more scenery shots, music and so on.Definitely you need to check it, if you like turn-based combats.I was surprised how carefully this game was created."
76561197992229015,Recommended,307670,34648456,Posted: 31 August,all,Dire,"Hard West combines XCOM-esque gameplay with a rather fresh Wild West setting, but wait, there's more.The story comprises 8 scenarios, which are more or less tied together, but the story arc splits up after the first scenario. You can either continue to follow the ""main protagonist"" or play through a side arc or play a prologue mission after you have completed the second ""main"" scenario. It's not hard to imagine that the story feels...disjointed, but it's excellently narrated and the scenarios themselves all present different challenges.The game basically has 2 different layers: the overworld and the actual combat. Most combat missions are not optional, though some are. Depending on your options these can be really tough. I played on easy, because I just don't have so much time anymore and still it took me about 14 hours (including DLC), but you can roughly estimate 1.5 hours per scenario if you don't need to restart battle after battle. In these battles you will play in typical XCOM fashion with a twist: There is no real ""hit chance"", instead your characters have ""luck"". Luck diminishes after every attack against a character. Unfortunately you can't see how much luck your enemies have and I'm still not totally sure how the system works myself, but basically, when you run out of luck you get hit. Range, weapons, cover and special attributes all factor into the actual hit chance. Say a character has 100 luck and you have a 75% chance of hitting him...then that character loses 75 luck and I believe your next attack will hit, instead of then having a 50% chance of hitting, but like I said, not sure. The system is very obscure. After you get hit, you get some luck back. Obviously very important, since skills also require luck.The game sports a plethora of different weapons and also has a ""card system"" that is based on poker hands. The better your ""hand"" the bigger the bonus you get, although you have to balance what individual card bonuses you actually want for each character, as well as which special ability. Factor in consumable items as well and you have yourself a tactically deep combat game.To that comes the strategy layer of the overworld. In each scenario there are different gimmicks to observe and various goals to achieve. You do that by visiting points of interest and making choices, spending money, buying items, etc. These are really what keep the game interesting, because as fun as the combat can be, it's often too samey to motivate for long.The Scars of Freedom DLC adds another, longer scenario, which can be quite frustrating and which mixes up the card system. Quite interesting and totally ok for the price.Now to the bad parts of the game:- Performance in the overworld and in menus in general is atrocious. It often takes 5-10 seconds for a menu screen to open, which only gets worse the longer you play. Maybe there is a memory leak or sth...not sure, but it doesn't take long, until you have to wait for almost every action, be it visiting a shop, opening the inventory, etc. Very annoying.- Game crashes frequently on startup if you try and skip the intro...or maybe you just need to let it ""crash"" for 5 minutes...even when you let all videos play, the game seems to crash, only to recover. Not sure who programmed that, but it's utter crap and it's far from an isolated issue. I would have expected a patch by now.- The AI is...dumb as ♥♥♥♥ or broken sometimes. I've had one mission in which a guy was just constantly running back and forth. I was supposed to defend for 8 rounds and wasn't even attacked....sometimes enemies just run past you to flank you, but by doing so leave themselves open to death from all sides.- Speaking of flanking: There is no overwatch in this game, which is a shame in itself, because it would prevent stupid bumrushes. The AI does have a sort of OW feature on the other hand. It will automatically shoot anything in a certain radius, when you're in line of sight.- Typical XCOM issue: You're often not sure if moving to a certain position will enable you to hit or even flank an enemy. At some points enemies shot me through walls, while I was not able to target the guy right next to me. A visual indicator, which enemies can target you and can be targeted by you before moving a character would be great, especially since the game doesn't allow many mistakes aaaaaand which brings me to the last point:- There is no save feature during fights. Nor are there auto saves. Since combat can take quite long and make up the majority of your time spent in this game, that is quite inexcusable. Having to restart a 20 minute mission from the beginning, because you've made one mistake or because real life called, is not fun at all. It's frustrating.Despite these shortcomings I've had fun and I hope there will be a sequel that improves upon this interesting concept."
76561198075138125,Recommended,307670,34647345,Posted: 31 August,all,Redeemed,Great X-Com clone western style.  Not as polished but still very good.  Variety in the maps and campaigns.  Recommended.
76561198125799123,Recommended,307670,35213816,Posted: 25 September,all,Gareth_wolf,"I bought this game on sale over the weekend and I am having so much fun with it. great little gem of a turn based combat game with a dark twist. wish they would make just a wild west game like that, I would pay top dollar for that!"
76561198210111580,Recommended,307670,35229632,Posted: 26 September,all,jnrobb,"This game got me into the turn based srategy genre. It fun to play, easy to learn, and brings new ideas to the table. For example, the mining feature, and blueprints, I love. Gives you and edge in battle.Whether you are a beginner of veteran this is a game you must get."
76561197965602081,Recommended,307670,35151314,Posted: 23 September,all,NeonBootyGoon,The game is OK. The fact that nothing carries from one mission/act to another infuriates me. But the game inself has some fun mechanics and is enjoyable on a fight to fight basis. Buy this game on sale.
76561197993821454,Recommended,307670,35169619,Posted: 23 September,all,chargeriic,I bought this on a whim and was suprised by how good it was. The gameplay works well and levels are interesting to get through.
76561198126452494,Recommended,307670,35147509,Posted: 23 September,all,Sha,"Great gothic supernatural version of the wild west, if you like the Ghost Rider lore, the gunfights at the OK Corral, Gunsmoke, Tombstone, Unforgiven, gunslingers like Wyatt Earp & Doc Holliday plus  creative arcane black magic Poker Cards, then this genre is for you... 9/10..."
76561198079361528,Recommended,307670,35189755,Posted: 24 September,all,ec076,"A very nice turn based squad tactical game, original XCOM combat meet Darkest Dungeon in the wild wild west. On sale its an absolute bank robbery. The weapons are satifying to use and the skills, cards, (from canibalism to ricochet bullets) allow enough customization and are fun to use. Would be nice to see more DLC, Mods or Workshop content."
76561198003277365,Recommended,307670,35114951,Posted: 21 September,all,Brightshadow,"It's a good game with a lot of atmosphere, but I cannot grok the combat as an avid XCOM player. It systems are counter to everything i learned in XCOM (no Overwatch). Someone not coming from that background may find it more enjoyable, but it was nothing but frustration for me."
,Recommended,307670,29730111,Posted: 5 February,all,Multihack,"This used to be a negative review due to the bugs, however it seems to have mostly been addressed. I just want to add to the rating, for a more in-depth review see somebody else's. Here's mine:Great game, really revives the turn-based strategic elements. In many ways a successor to titles like Commandos and Robin Hood. The story, soundtrack, and voice acting is fantastic."
76561197970840165,Recommended,307670,35363432,Posted: 30 September,all,Jake P,"Supernatural old west X-Com. Great story, fun gameplay."
,Recommended,307670,35398919,Posted: 1 October,all,gg unit,Just because it is tactical and turn based doesn't mean it is like X-Com!Good for fans of the genre on a discount.3/5
,Recommended,307670,19165900,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,[Halfbus] xdegtyarev,"Actually I've bought a new laptop, and now I'm able to play."
