user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198117547705,Not Recommended,307880,32099791,Posted: 31 May,all,RID,"if games stop being developed after we put into early access to support the game, then the game should be removed from steami do not understand business practice these days, this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and fraud.DO NOT SUPPORT THIS GAME IN ITS CURRENT STATEit has negative reviews for a reason."
76561198125747901,Not Recommended,307880,30154516,Posted: 24 February,all,Potentate,"24 February 2017WARNING: Potential AbandonwareMy original review is at the bottom of the page. I was going to wait a year to update this review, but the developers are spitting in the face of the community. I no longer feel comfortable recommending this game as they have managed to break the game to the point were the vast majority cannot play it. I have gotten my moneys worth out of this game. This review update is for those who are on the fence about buying it for the first time, to make an informed decision. I will update if the developers fix the game enough to make it playable before they abandon it ""temporarily"" to finish thier other project.Quotes are from a developers response to the community in the linked thread.http://steamcommunity.com/app/307880/discussions/1/135509823662604357/Now, moving on to the game. I agree the state that project is in not a disired one. I understand there is always frustration when ""Your game"" (aka Savage Lands) is not the priority.This is the second time they are abandoning Savage Lands to make a completely unrelated game""Fury Road"" which has been named by the community as a specific build will not be a roll back option. Currently, we are also not planning on supporting the ""live version"" with more content......and refuse to rollback Savage Lands to a version that wasnt tottally broken, that the community as a whole requested because it was fun to play. I will think twice before even looking at another Signal Studios game in the future.Moving forward I will be spending more of my person time in the forums to either respond to or close and lock topics. The forum has rules and in this post only about 60% of you are following them.The developers are now entering the phase of comming into the steam forum page, and threatening to ban people/delete threads and posts that criticize the game ""to harshly"".07 April 2016Game keeps improving with the move to unity 5 in both gameplay and visual appeal.  Almost to the point in the dev cycle of being worth the asking price as content is added and bugs are squashed on a weekly basis. The crafting system is really starting to get fleshed out and game progression is gear/ location centric. No levels in this game. You live by  fighting through to the next best metal ore nodes, to make the next set of armor/weapons. Food and heat are very important as you can and will starve/freeze to death if you dont watch the feedback meter.Needs balancing so combat isn't so extreme from on level of gear to the next  as you get one shoted in tin gear by the plague wovles when moving from the first to second islands, but overall good balance between risk/reward during fights. The one game breaker for me is the fact that you can escape any threat by just jumping up onto a rock. The AI pathing will have them running around said rock allowing you to stand in place and bow kite till dead."
,Recommended,307880,15663873,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,CK,"This is an EARLY ACCESS Review and I'll change it after the game is finished.  This is what I think of the game as it sits.ProsThe game runs great on my system.   Around 60fps on max settings (Specs on myProfile)There's a decent amount to do.  A few different types of wildlife to kill and several different baddies as well as a dragon (Though I'm not sure you can kill the dragon yet, never tried)The game in my opinion is beautiful.It seems to be pretty solid at the moment.  I have yet to have a game crash with it and had very few bugs.  Only bugs I've had so far are invisible items when playing on others servers and trees glitching out when chopping, the tree would fall but there'd be another in its place that can't be chopped (Think both these bugs were fixed).Crafting is really easy and getting the materials needed takes no time at all.  You can get in the game quick, build more tools, weapons and armor in no time.Crafting buildings is easy as well.  Some are really quick, can build a basic house and fire pit in minutes.  The larger ones can take a little bit longer, like the townhall.It has multi-player.  This type of game is fun for a while in single player and can keep some people content just playing single, but it also offers multi player with PvP and Non PvP servers (Hostile/Friendly) which just adds to the fun.  Having extra players (Up to 8 as of this review) helping you build towns and survive or to kill make this game well worth it.ConsThe game runs pretty good on my system, but sometimes I get fps drops.  Not terrible or unplayable, but noticable.  I think it happens when there seems to be a lot of loot on the ground when it snows.  That's when I've noticed it.  Mostly the game runs great though so a few times of it dropping like that doesn't really ruin the experience for me.The combat is OK, real time, but still needs a decent amount of tweaking.  Some things you can circle and barely get hit while attacking it and others can still hit you when you aren't nearly close enough for a hit yourself.  Skeles and I believe a few others need to be tweaked a bit, they can be pretty far from you and as long as they attempt to swing at you, you get hit.Doesn't have dedicated servers yet (Maybe never) so when the host decides to leave, everything you did on  his server is gone, except the loot you have on you when he does.  Who knows if he plans on coming back either, so basically when you join someones server, you're mainly helping them build their buildings, unless you're there to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥and steal their items or just harvest materials and leave.   I don't mind joining others servers though, I like helping out and I've met some great people doing so.Has a max of 8 players. IMO  I think this game should at least offer 16 players or more.Needs to have more buildings to craft.  There's really not that many to craft and they bug out easily, meaning that you  have to be on perfectly flat ground, otherwise half your building is floating.  This could be solved by allowing players to terraform or by putting a decent sized foundation on them,  so when the building is on a hill, theres a bottom still.  As we speak, there's no foundation.Really needs a map, or at least offer a way to craft one or something similar.  The compass doesn't really help as much as I thought it would (Could be I'm just an idiot though)There's a decent amount of gear to craft at the moment, but couldn't hurt to have a little more.  For those of you who think there's only a few items, you unlock a lot more after playing a while.  This really isn't a bad thing, I just think it could use a bit more.When I think of more items I think should be here, I'll add them.  But for my experience with the game so far, this is all I have.  The game is pretty solid and offers a decent amount of fun so really, I don't have much to complain about.I'll be adding some gameplay videos in a while as well."
76561198021907071,Not Recommended,307880,14825974,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Tashi | HemHund #1,"PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE EVEN CONSIDERING BUYING THIS GAME!!!! So basically this is a warning about the game developer digital DNA game, DigitalDNA LLC, or whatever they like to call themselves on different games/projects. (By the way, I will not waste a lot of time doing this review so don't expect it to be long). But I am here to say that these guys are full of♥♥♥♥♥♥(you could use the word ""scammers"" if you prefer that word). If you take a look their website, you will find all of their games. Here is the link:https://www.digitaldnagames.com/they seem to have a lot of games, one of them is called ""Castleminers Z"". And you can find a lot of negative reviews/comments about this game in steam, some is about how they just abandonded their game and stopped developing it. And the biggest thing is that; they are using different names for their company on steam! So let's say you would want to take a look at what games does this ""digital dna games"" have on steam. The result will show that they have nothing at all... And there is where the scam lies. Doing that will show you nothing, and by searching that that name on steam will not tell you, that they have developed some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unfinished Early Access games. So my point is, you should take a look at these things before even considering buying this game. If you still want to buy this game after all what I've mentioned then it is up to you. And if you decide to get it, then I wish you luck and I hope you'll have fun time playing it. But I must say, I do not recommend you to buy this game, unless you really enjoy playing unfinished games what will never be made complete properly. That's all I have to say, cheers!"
76561197965396869,Recommended,307880,16021800,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Macdallan,"Oh, the potential here is staggering.  Oh, and death comes in many ways.  Freezing to death, wolves, starving to death, wolves, drowning, wolves, lack of shelter, wolves.  Yup.  It's awesome!  No, it is AWESOME - that wasn't sarcasm at all.I didn't read the forums, read.me file, or anything that would give me the slightest hint on how to play.  I looked only at the controls so I'd know how to move around then I started a game.  I ran around like a moron trying to figure out what to do.  Nearly starved to death, nearly froze to death.  That didn't happen only because I encountered some less-than-friendly wolves.  They didn't starve to death, I can tell you that much.I started again.  Ran around like a moron trying to figure out what to do.  Froze to death after nearly starving to death.I started over again.  Got a few things together but ran into two wolves who decided that I looked like I wasn't close enough to both freezing and starving to death.  Those wolves also did not starve to death.I started again.  I looked around the starter area and scavenged for loot.  I got a lean-to and a fire going, then built a house.  I found out where to get food without hunting so I wouldn't starve once my starting food was gone.  I figured out how to hunt deer.  Then I started to make better gear and keep up on the repairs of what I was carrying.  Now I have three houses (Small, regular, stone), a forge, several lean-to structures, several fire pits and a tonne of ore, logs, blue plants, bandages and gear.  I've got enough food for several days and now that I've finally made a longbow and 30-40 arrows hunting is much easier.The game got a bit dull after I go to the point where I had everything I needed to survive for a few days.  The character moves so slowly I don't feel like exploring too far yet, but as I build structures farther from my initial town/house I'm sure I will explore a lot more of the island - the size of which is still a mystery as are several other things I've seen so far.Still in early access - as of 2015-05-27, so keep that in mind if you decide to try it.  That and I had to turn down several settings so it would run fairly well - and I have a decent system.  Pretty sure once it's out of the EA stages it will run better."
76561198023307252,Recommended,307880,18344727,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,FriendlyGamerGuy,"As of right now I'm only at 90 minutes of play time but that has been enough to inspire this review for three main reasons.1. The atmosphere of the game is amazing.2. Playing with other people and helping each other out in such a well done atmospheric setting is an experience that leaves a very good impact on the feels.3. None of the reviews I've seen so far seem to have touched on the atmosphere of the game much.My time in this game so far was spent in an online hosted game where I started out knowing little but was quickly brought up to speed from asking questions to the other people in the game. They helped me figure out some things I needed to complete the tasks assigned by the game when you first start. At the same time I helped collect resources to continue the development of our little village that was forming and scouting any nearby enemies, mainly wolves and skeletons. Once I finished all my tasks initially assigned by the game (basic ones I'm assuming to help you get into the game and to know what you're doing) I thanked my fellow adventurers for the assistance and logged off.During the above in game actions I encountered a few more things that honestly helped me to fall in love with this game's atmosphere rather quickly. Here is a short list of things I enjoyed:- Standing next to the other players near a fire to keep warm.- Hearing the fire crackling and popping.- Hearing the cold winds howling around and sounds of nearby animals/creatures.- Hearing my character breathing heavily in the cold air as well as almost a sniffling sound during this process.- Witnessing the scenery during the different times of day, especially in the evening/during sun set.Honestly, if you play games for their immersion and emotional interactions, this game is priceless (Especially with a good pair of headphones, as well as a headset as you can hold Tab to talk to other players). Content and basically everything else will come in time and can be added in the future but the atmosphere is something that has to be done right early on. In this game, it is, and the developers seem loyal to producing more content and considering good feedback and suggestions from the community.On another note (and I'm sure this is because the game is in early access) I can see where you can run out of things to do in the game currently, however I have obviously not made it there yet due to my 90 minutes of actual play time. I don't think this will be much of a problem for me though, because I've already found great enjoyment in doing simple things such as the events described above.I look forward to playing this game a lot in the future and as of right now I'm hooked on it!"
,Not Recommended,307880,31562783,Posted: 5 May,all,Beaner,"PREFACE---------Dev, I hope you read this.This will be the last Early Access game I support. I am sick and tired of people like you. If you're going to start a project and have it on sale,FINISH IT.You better hope nobody remembers you, because you're now on the same level as Code}{atch. Developers like you are a plague on this site, so just stop making games.---------Savage lands is a survival game with hop-in hop-out multiplayer. You are exiled on the island for reasons unknown. Its up to you to survive on this freezing waste with whatever you can scrounge up from the land. Whether it be from fellow dead exiles who didnt make it, or from other players.---------This game is an unpolished mess, which is predictable for an early access title to be fair. For a long time this game's dev was keeping a constant update time on the main menu where he would schedule his next update. To me, this was a huge deal. A dev who actually cares? Preposterous. Well, the updates came fewer and fewer around the end of 2016, to now January where the developer has cut and run to ""Work on something else"".As an example of bugs that have been left unfixed, there is a dragon on the island (One of the main selling points of the game) that is constantly flying around. You need to avoid him to not get burned to death.Except he always knows where you are 24/7. He'll come around for two flybys, murder you and your friends, then disappear into the sky....Only to show up a minute later. We chalked it up to us not setting up our camp in a good spot, so we moved. And again, this dragon would come by and aimbot us. We'd all die immediately. It became not a game of survival, but moreso ""How much can we do before we die in one hit by a massive airstrike?"" Hunger became a nonissue, as we constantly had full hungerbars from respawning.This was the final straw on an already large list of issues I had with this game, some of which include;Crappy hitboxesConstant frame dropsInvisible players??It just sucks. This game could have been great, but it isnt.Know this; your mistakes have stopped me from supporting a project that could turn into something great. You've taken that Developer to Gamer trust from me, and whatever Dev I would patron to.Hope you're proud."
76561197995450336,Recommended,307880,15762202,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,n_kogneato,"I've played enough to build a 500 log central building and a forge, Craft the most powerful current weapon, Craft several 15 slot bags, craft both the most cold protection (Fur set of armor)and the most physical protection (Plate set of Armor).Pros:Creepy music and atmosphereCrafting systemAbility to take what you can carry to other servers when you join.Ability to craft a CompassJust the right amount of things to kill to make you work for your survival.ConsNo way to lock your cabin so other can't loot. Or at the very least the ability to Lock your storage chest.AI is not terrible, but not good either...just OKPlaying solo on my computer which is pretty fast, lags a little when I fight a pack of wolves (6).Durability sucks.. I don't mind repairing my items, but they need CONSTANT repairs. I'd say they need to tripple the Armor and Weapon durability. Axe and Hammer are fine.I got booted from a server and it almost auto killed me. Took me down to very little health and bleeding.It would suck to die on a hosted server, go to retrieve your items and they kick you with no way to get your items back.Things to improve game:Developer hosted servers 24/7Ability to lock doors or storage containersAI improvementDurability increaseIf you die, you don't loose your items on hosted games, only on local games.Ability to see other players on a map and where they are in relation to you.2 or 3 story structures or the ability to custom build your own.Keep up the good work Developers!!"
76561198042978720,Not Recommended,307880,32293303,Posted: 9 June,all,Marcuse,"Thought that the game had an interesting premise, so I bought it for myslef and my wife. We got a to play it on a few occasions, but then an update made it unplayable on my wifes system. No info on how to fix it or how to get it playing again.Last info that we got was that the game is no longer developed. I have purchased a game that became unplayable during development.All and all I think we got our moneys worth with the time we had exploring that game, but since it no longer works I cannot recommend it.I think this is the last early access I will ever support."
76561198061954870,Not Recommended,307880,24385828,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Cortillaen,"Updated!  I really wish there was a neutral recommendation.The TL;DR:  I still can't really suggest buying at the moment, but they're moving in the right direction on some things.  Check up on it in 6mo to a year and see how it's coming or just wait for it to come out of EA.  I love the concept, the setting isn't bad (decently made, just not my preference), I think it will eventually be worth buying, just not yet.Alright, so life relented long enough to spend a little more time in-game and check out the last few weeks of updates.  Here's the report:First off, the dragon.  Because who liked ""flaming death from above every 3min"" as a tutorial?  I'm happy to report that he is no longer a spawn-camping ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  I'm actually not sure how to get his attention now since he ignored me on the first and second island both.  Tsunderagon?  Thankfully, this means players have to chance to get established and figure out what they're doing.They've added some new books laying around that discuss weapon and armor factors, though the books are somewhat widely scattered and don't address some of the missing information about weapons (range and speed, most notably).  There are also a number of new loot items laying around near the starting area.  An extra axe, some basic armor, and more flint help get things rolling; a compass and fur armor (which both require metals from the second island to make); and a tin battle axe rounds out the lot.  Some of them are in odd locations, so I probably missed others.  All together, this helps ease new players in (honestly, the Fur armor might be a bit much, but I can't complain), though it is still a good idea to start a character in a completely new world to pick things up before joining a friend's world for coop since the loot takes quite a while to respawn.There's still a lot of other issues to note, though.  Gathering anything mineral-related is still quite tedious.  Maybe some people like it, but it strikes me as time padding.  12 hits with a tin hammer (the best you can get early) to get a 1 piece of copper ore (of which you need a dozen or so along with more tin and coal to make something useful).  It adds up very quickly into lots of time standing around hitting rocks.  Put another way, some people have found it worthwhile to devise farming runs for the nodes to reduce time spent gathering minerals.  It just doesn't feel right here.The crafting menu is still very annoying to use, especially when you aren't completely sure what something in the miscellaneous section is named (great example is when you go looking for nails because you see they are needed to repair a building, but they are actually named ""Bag of Nails"" in the rather long, alphabetized list).  Not being able to scroll a list when the mouse is over an item is frustrating, likewise the same issue when you have an item picked up in the poor inventory system.  Speaking of the inventory, I hate it.  I get what the intent is, but the implementation is very clumsy and makes finding anything an unnecessary chore.  Buildings/crafting stations are still all together in a 4-per-page list that would really be better served by a section in the crafting menu, though perhaps there is an issue with the coding (since they go to outline-placement mode instead of producing an item) preventing this.Some bugs/design issues:  It looks like they're in the middle of some terrain changes on the islands.  Especially on the second island, there are a lot of rocks and other objects floating a few feet off the ground in many places.With regards to the warmth mechanics, it still feels odd to me that it not only reduces your max health but also your actual health.  I get that it's supposed to be another layer of the survival gameplay, but it's really annoying to need to bandage myself just because I went outside for a few minutes before coming back to warm up.Combat is... dull, I suppose is the correct work.  Yeah, your life is on the line with vicious monsters, but you just trudge around swinging mechanically.  There's no real intensity to it.  ""Strafe around it in a circle while swinging"" seems to be almost a one-size-fits-all tactic, and survival is more about whether you've farmed materials long enough to make the best available equipment than learning the enemies and playing well.Overall, it seems like there is a desire to avoid out-of-character tutorial information, but I'm not sure whether that is appropriate to a game demanding you make survival choices.  If the character has the know-how to make a leanto, it seems reasonable to inform players of how to do so within the system.  Likewise with the fact that some mineral resources are found in discrete nodes while others are randomly generated by bashing any rock.  If they want to keep it completely in-world, a few more books in the starter area mentioning the basics would be great for new players.There needs to be a decision on which direction to focus on for the moment:  Either improve the crafting side of things with better interface and more options (particularly with regards to structures) or emphasize the exploration and combat side with improved enemies (at the moment they seem mechanical, have 1 or 2 attacks that frequently have janky hit ranges, and depend mostly on huge health pools and damage compared to the player).  Right now it feels like the game is trying to do too many things at once, but I think some focused attention in each area one at a time will really help.  My personal preference would be the combat system since the game doesn't really fit the builder/crafter mold.I still think this will eventually be a great game.  While I'm about to have even less time available, I'll try to check in every month or two and see what's changed as long as the devs keep pushing steady updates."
76561198241847162,Recommended,307880,17610767,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Lord Dake Kai,"I love this game. You really have to work hard to stay alive. I only wish the hunger meter was slower. You get hungry way to fast.Things I would like to see added:1) More deer.2) More things to build, like walls, pits, shelves etc.3) crouch4) spears to use in hand or throw5) beds for resting6) blankets ( lol. why it so cold all the time? )7) more biomes. not just snow.8) Also, when you build a home, away to designate a marker so you can find it by looking for floaty symbol. Currently been lost 2 days trying to find my home.9) Better collision and clipping (deer aint supposed to walk thru boulders, is this Rust? lol)10) just more, more, more...I love this gameLove the AI of enemies. Really cool enemies I might say. The Forest Giants scared the sh!t outta me when I 1st encountered it. All still, motionless. Thought it was some kinda statue build, then it got up. That Fu##er can move fast.The dragons are beautiful and can breathe fire really far. Nice. The fire FX are really nice to.All in all, I think this game is amazing as is but I am greedy and want more of it.I give this game a 9.9/10 (no game is perfect, regardless of what some 'game reviewers' say. Thank you.EDIT:04/04/16Game seems to have a lot of issues. So I will list what I've seen below:1. Trying to get sticks and logs from trees now is hit or miss. Sometimes chopping down a tree completely, just gives you a downed tree that you can't harvest.2. The ghost overlay on some things you wanna build even after built, never goes away.3. Choppy or stuttery display. Even random frame dips while standing still.4. Starting a new game because of updates. Which is understandable but, you might have to try it several times before it works correctly.5. Back to the ghost overlay for building. Sometimes, even after you've applied all components, it has you cycle through them again. So basically, you're building it twice, in the same spot.6. Cannot seem to make the game run smooth anymore. I have twice deleted/uninstalled and it stays the same performance level even trying to turn things down. And since I've first got the game have upgraded my pc. Confused as to why better pc means worse performance on this game.7. Characters now start off naked. Does Rust come to mind?I will leave my recommend status as is, but in truth no longer recommend this to new users until the game is fully done. This was one of my favorite survival games, now has moved closer to the bottom. So sad..."
76561198050930653,Recommended,307880,15025389,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,quiden1,"I want to take the time and recommend Savage Lands. I have enjoyed over 100 hours of adventure in the game. At some point you will come to a pass and ask yourself, What next.The sand box is big. Just with the limited amount of items in the game I have clear cut a path from each tower to the center of the map lined it with torches, buildings and campfires. I have set up camps at each ruin area and made a path to Vek.The game is what you make it. I have had fun and the little bit of money I have paid, I have got out of the current content. If I never played another day of the game, I would not be disappointed in what I have spent.The down side is that the game has such great potential. Yes you are hearing me right. When this happens to a game peoples mines go crazy. It could be this, it could be that. Purple flying pigs that poop loot. The game is great just simple. Survive the cold harsh land. Our imaginations set us up for disappointment if we let it. I hope the community aiding in the direction of this game keep it true to its nature."
76561198143579362,Not Recommended,307880,30233776,Posted: 27 February,all,Kraft51,"Ok, to start with Signal Studios has acknowledged the fact that they can't leave a broken game out on the market while they fulfill other obligations. so after much conversation, debate and a little bit of nastiness on the forums they have provided a previous version (Build 290) which was not broken.i have to say though that if you aren't interested in playing an unfinished game that won't be worked on for and undetermined time frame then i cant recommend the game at this time. if you don't mind and would like to enjoy the game that most of us have come to love then i do recommend Savage Lands.so until Signal's return to this game i will continue my hunt for Drackonis."
76561198021167906,Not Recommended,307880,32096312,Posted: 31 May,all,troycourt,I could have bought groceries with this money....   or paid my bills .....Thank you for teaching me a valuable lesson against throwing away my money on early access titles  ...That is the only positive thing that I can say about this ...
,Not Recommended,307880,30764263,Posted: 26 March,all,Barjona / ajf412,"Ascend:  Hand of Kul.  Coop gameplay coming soon!  ...  Server shut down.Savage Lands.  Development is awesome!  Watch us make this game!  More coming soon!  ...  Abandonware.Toy Soldiers.  Play as your old, beloved toys!  More coming soon!  ...  Cash grab.What I've learned:  If it's by Signal Studios, don't you dare touch it, unless you like to give people money for broken promises."
76561198069959842,Recommended,307880,15107012,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,BlueAce417,"I love this game, its a perfect blend of Minecraft, Don't Starve, and with a little bit of Skyrim. I would recommend this game to anyone with the stones big enough to face a challenge bigger than blocky faces and manipulated difficulty. Below are some of the things that stood out as good, bad, and some things I believe would make the game perfect.9/10(ABOVE IS JUST FOR PEOPLE SKIMMING THE REVIEWS, BELOW IS FOR THOSE WISHING FOR INDEPTH REVIEWS!)It should be noted that I am at day 4, so some of the ideas covered below are about those 4 days and what was recorded during the process of survival.The Good:- Beautiful landscape, I am left breathless at the sheer beauty the land reveals upon each morning.- Tenacious wildlife, I am often left speechless at the stubborn force of the wolves and wargs.- Unique resource gathering, I cannot help but grin as my axe fells a towering monument of wood.- Unique crafting, I am in awe each time I get to craft a new item.- Unique building, each time I finish a structure, I can't decide what to focus on constructing next!- Harsh environment, I am always in a state of alert as I prowl the wilderness for food, resources, or game.- The scary @$$ dragon, actually I find myself running in fear each time I hear that thing roar.The Bad:- Sometimes when you drop an item bag (like the Tattered one you start with) it stays with you. Not exactly a bad thing, but when you gather resources, the items sometimes go to the dropped bag.- Sometimes when you cut a tree down, the tree will stay up, duplicating a fallen tree unto the ground. While you cannot harvest the tree infinately, it becomes a visual nucience and impairs your building spaces.- Sometimes the Warg-like beasts come out during the day near the tower, they didn't attack me, but I found it to be odd that I couldn't even hit them, as they drifted between underground and overground rapidly.- I'm not sure if you can, but I can't seem to reignite torches after they get snuffed out.- Armor durability, I understand some of the armors aren't exactly ment for combat, and thus obviously would have low durability, but I'm far more sure that they should last at least a day and a half for each set.Suggestions:- Potion brewing would be a nice touch. Gathering berries, herbs, and various items to mix. Maybe as a potion bottle, a reusable metal container?- Going along with the idea of the land being a harsh environment featuring wolves, dragons, wargs and bears, how about witchcraft? Drawing runes on swords or armor to augment them or imbuing a stick to be used as an offencive fire spouting staff/ wand?- Farming? Seeing as how you can build a house, a fire, a forge, and a townhall. Why not a garden as well? You could take unspoiled fruits and vegatables and gather their seeds, plant them, and gather them?- Rain? Even though the biggest fear in the game is not the cold, why not push the fact that it SHOULD be something to worry about?- Fences? Wood walls and doors are good, but to push the idea of building a safe residence, utilizing fences would help some people cope with the night.(Written 3/29/15 at 3:52 AM with 8.9 Hours of play.)"
76561197970675079,Recommended,307880,17004813,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Pittstainz,"I have been looking for the right survival game for a while now. I tried many and some were solid. Savage Lands is on track to be something special, it has a new update coming this week and is already addictive as hell. I have stayed up late quite a few nights always wanting to craft the next item. All the time having to constantly plan the next meal, keep every item in good shape, manage inventory, stop bleeding, etc. etc. Lose focus for a bit or chase that deer too far and death is the consequence. Oh and there's a resident dragon on the Sundered Isle that will be happy to light the unwary traveler's♥♥♥♥♥♥on fire.  It's far from perfect but there's meat on this bone, some more work and they are going to have something special and very commercially viable."
76561198005757129,Recommended,307880,19965545,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dovahbear,"Sometimes I feel like I am adrift in a sea of early access survival games, getting suckered into one after another always hoping the next one will have some magic to it. Well, I'm happy to say this is one of those rare games in the genre that manages to distinguish itself. I've been having a great time with this title exploring and surviving, it has that magic I'm always looking for.Foremost I have to talk about the high visibility of the devs. When I say high visbility, I mean the highest I've ever seen. I see them all over the forums, live streams where they show what they're working on and answer questions, heck the in game menu even says when the next update is going to be. These guys really know what being accountable is and they do everything early access devs should be doing. Come what may I'm really glad to have supported this crew, they should be the example other devs look to when doing an early access game.The topic I'd like to weigh in on most is crafting. I see curators and other reviewers tout the crafting in this game so I think it's worth a minute of my review to talk about what crafting is and is not here. If you're looking at this game from the view point of a craftaholic this game isn't going to scratch that itch. You won't be building massive creative works here, it's not a creative outlet. Crafting is somewhat streamlined and is essentially your means of progression. As you create better gear you can venture to more dangerous areas to get better materials to make even better gear. You could consider this a ""gear grind"" though I found it doesn't feel like much of a grind and really isn't that much of a time sink once you know where to go and what to get.Beyond that there isn't much I can say that isn't said in most other reviews. Great title I'm proud to support."
,Recommended,307880,20359265,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Cavanoskus,"Savage Lands is a cold and ominous experience. The atmosphere is excellent and can be very creepy. I really did feel like I was alone in a hostile land, and at first it took me a long time to feel secure enough to wander into unsafe areas.You have a health bar, of course. The other two are hunger and cold. Cold is your first enemy in this game. There's no thirst bar, which makes sense as there is snow practically everywhere so you could easily melt some down; it's fair to assume you have enough water.You're limited to pre-designed buildings, and rather few designs. I don't see a problem with basic shacks and such because you'll probably be building a lot of them to give yourself safe harbor as you explore. This isn't a ""design and build a beautiful and complex base from the ground up"" style of game, this is a ""pile some sticks together before you freeze to death and the wolves gnaw upon your frostbitten corpse"" game and I enjoy the roughness of it.I'm coming at this from a slightly unusual angle because this was the first survival game I ever played. I didn't have any expectations of what building should be like, or crafting, or any of the mainstays of the genre. Since playing Savage Lands I have been hooked on survival games and have been branching out, but I feel it's an excellent introduction, partially because of the limits in buildings; it's less likely to overwhelm a new player. I don't know what the devs' plans are for expanding the building system, but I do hope they keep the prefabs in there as an option for when you just need to get a shack up as fast as possible before the sun goes down and the nasties come out.This game also seems to have broken me from my reliance on minimaps. You are forced to navigate with only a compass and landmarks, and this actually becomes surprisingly second-nature. (Side note: there are a lot of people who are confused about how the compass works— the point of the needle always points to the north. That's it. It's no more complicated than that.)Being Early Access there are some features missing, for example there are no female characters yet. However, they are confirmed to be in development and they will have realistic armor. The devs listen to the community (you can even vote on features), are extremely active and give information constantly. Frequent updates are made and I have no doubt the devs will deliver on their promises. This game has a bright future."
76561198055898516,Not Recommended,307880,31736153,Posted: 13 May,all,philo5080,"The game and concept was really interesting, and was going in a good direction. Now, the last communication from the DEVs is, to  paraphrase : ""We stopped working on this because we are working on something else now. Not sure when/if we will start working on this again.""When people buy EA games, it's to help supprt the development of a game they think has merit, and they want to see it to the end. When you ( Signal Stuidios) burn those people by taking thier money and abandoning the project, you get added to the list. To be honest, I don't think STEAM should charge more than 5 or 10 bucks for anything EA. The vast majority of it now is barely Beta quality, and it more likely than not, it gets dropped after the Devs get some cash out of the initial interest."
,Not Recommended,307880,30178807,Posted: 25 February,all,Living Monstrosity,"Absolutely do NOT buy this game. It is in a perpetually broken state, and it is also pretty much not getting worked on anymore. It was pushed aside by the devs for a new ""project."" Do yourself a favor, and spend your 15 dollars elsewhere. It isn't even worth picking up on a sale. I saw potential here, so I was a dumbass and bought it. At least it was only throwing away 15 bucks."
,Recommended,307880,18667707,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,+f0r3v3r+,"Savage Lands is a really fun open world survival game with a great theme going on.I enjoyed every minute I have spent discovering the secrets of the Sundered Isle and trying to map out all of it's glory.The developers are quite involved and open to the feedback they receive. I truly feel this game is improving all of the time.The community is really great and I have never met such friendly people online as I have on the servers of Savage Lands.Truly a fun game to splurge for a four pack to get the friends in on.I have a gripe with the optimization as it seems like the more that you clear and build on the map, it seems like the world becomes much more demanding to load, but I hold out hope this will only improve as development continues.I also think it will be much nicer as further incarnations of the dedicated server come out, as right now it is very limited due to several technical constraints.Definitely recommending this game..."
76561198061827859,Not Recommended,307880,30908253,Posted: 2 April,all,marrist,"Will not be buying Early Access Games from steam anymore, too many games become abandonware and steam does not support its customers on this, they even leave the game up to get more of your money. Developers took down the website for Savage Lands and no word in several months, going to assume this one is yet another get your money and run game."
76561197990621832,Not Recommended,307880,30202445,Posted: 26 February,all,SinReaper,"Development has stopped so Developers could start working on other game.Developers cracking down on community with negative responses to their actions.The game is currently broken, save your money."
76561197988441268,Recommended,307880,23658257,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,domic,"If you tracked your gameplay, you'd find maybe ... 70 - 80% of your time in the game is spent watching your hammer hit rocks for mining ore, or your axe hitting trees. The rest of the time is spent scrabbling for food, hiding from things, and running from things. And trying not to freeze. Not freezing is a theme in this game.After hours of that, you've hit enough rocks to get enough things to make a better hammer, so you can hit fewer rocks. This takes the pressure off a bit, and not long later you'll have a leather vest, a tin hat, a tin axe, a backpack full of food and bandages, and you'll be ready to cross the ice to the next island. Where you will be one-hit. Tin hats aren't very good.This should be really boring. It sounds really boring. But after lots of rock-hitting and pig stabbing, you build a shack and step inside. You feel funny. It's quiet. There's no wind. You're not scanning the area for things that one-hit you, or edible meat creatures. You're not eyeing your freezeometer. You feel safe. That's when you see you've been tense since you fired up the game. Something's always coming to kill you, if only hunger and cold, and if you're not paying attention, they'll get you. You've been a hunted animal. But now you have shelter, and some stuff, and you can think about turning the tables. Carefully.In short, it's got the things I look for in a good survival game.It's not perfect. It feels like it hasn't really gelled into a coherent game yet, but what it does so far ( survival ) it does well.p.s. When you are just starting out, you'll usually encounter a giant boar and maybe a wolf or two. You will die if you wail on them with your stick. Don't panic. You have more time than you think. That giant boar will run towards you and stop. Then it will do some yoga, which apparently is what pigs do when they want to kill you. Then it will leap at where you were standing when they started their attack yoga dance. Just step to one side ... and wale on them with your stick. And repeat. Then you eat them."
76561198043858645,Not Recommended,307880,30154844,Posted: 24 February,all,gamerhelligon,"Well, I had high hopes for this game. Was fun and enjoyable when I first bought it.Then they put in new ""big island flop"" content. They broke the game, animals, ores, enemies don't respawn. There is very little content on the new 2nd island. It's full of bugs, glitches and turned into a walking around freezing to death simulator.It is vurtauly unplayable now and to top it off they are ""putting a hold"" on this game to develope another game to get funding to supposedly ""fix and continue"" working on this game. Don't believe me? Just look at the forums at thier own posts about it.I hope that steam pulls the plug on this company for it's unscrupulous actions.....I swear this company hired a lawyer to drop the bad news about ""putting it on hold"" because they fed a good line of BS when they did it, but anyone with half a brain can see right through the BS and read it for what it is.....""we broke the game and made it unplayable. We have your money so we are going to start working on another game and leave you with this unplayable mess that we won't be fixing while we work on something esle....we hope to rob you again in the future......and btw ""trust us that we will work on this game again.""  I was born in the morning, but not this morning.Blacklist this company with extreme prejudice and DO NOT GIVE THEM MONEY to develope another game they will break and leave you with it to work on another game they can break...rinse and repeat."
,Not Recommended,307880,32346709,Posted: 11 June,all,fishgeekted,"I bought this game a long time ago... I check in periodically to get an update on their ""updates""... Sad to see that the game has been abandoned, like so many survival cash grabs before it... If a game is classified as EA, the dev's should NOT be allowed to charge more than 5 dollars.If it ever reaches final release, perhaps allow the dev's the option to charge more for a one time upgrade fee. This vaporware-EA-expensive nonesense has to be better controlled by steam going forward."
76561198059966565,Recommended,307880,18496530,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Unlimilore,"DONT LET THE GRAPHICS THROW YOU OFF.tldrCons-Starting off is really bleakGraphics can be much betterSome mobs are ridiculously hard to kill, and do lots of damagePros-One of the funnest multiplayers i have ever playedOnce you have a small base set up, then things start to get really funMap is hugeTons of different gear, and craftingFighting in groups on tough mobs is supa funThis game is actually really fun, it does start off very pale and bleak though. For the first 15 minutes of gameplay, i was pretty unimpressed; mediocre graphics, basically just the forest but worse, etc... But theni found a village, started having serious events happen, like a couple dark skeletons attacking and dark wolves, that was pretty fun but alright. Then i had to do something so i stopped, got back on, but this time i joined multiplayer. That was where its at. This game peaks during multiplayer, i had so much fun, co-oping with others to take down a forest giant or even the dragon. Best thing too, is that your inventory transfers. (from single player to multiplayer and vice versa) Got enough resources by teaming up with other guys that i was able to make a nice base on my single player world where i could store all my things."
,Recommended,307880,23314857,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Alhimik,"This game has been on my wishlist for a loooong time. I finally bought it a few days ago, despite all the recent negative reviews about it on steam. So far, I'm not dissapointed that I bought it, but yes it does have negatives which should be mentioned.Pros and whatIreally like about it:+Sounds: The creepy factor is really well executed. You'llneverfeel safe when exploring or gathering resources.+Atmosphere: Snowstorms are surprisingly ""nothing-you-can-do-about-it"" but sit and wait for it to pass. Also the night is definitely a hindrance to exploring, and brings a risk vs reward factor.+Creatures: I can't emphasize enough how this game will wash away any past RPG experience where you play as warrior and just run into the battle no matter what. Let me tell you my experience so far. A couple of times in the beginning I was running for my life from 4 wolves, and if I didn't have like 10 bandages which I thankfully prepared I would've died for sure. Even 1 wolf can do massive damage if you don't dodge properly. Today, I finally made it to the second island, only to get my first taste of death at the sword of a undead warrior skeleton. His blade effortlessly sliced through my tin armor in just 1 hit and I was dead.+Crafting/Building: I like the interface, and how you can place anything even if you don't have materials for it. It's the first game I played where the buildings are premade, but surprisingly I don't mind. Before I bought this game I thought it would be a minus because I'm used to building my own structures (like in ROK)+HUD: The health depends on cold, and stamina depends on hunger. I think it's tough, but enjoyable, especially when you are lost after being chased and then you realise you don't have any logs to make fire :)Cons which I'm sure will be fixed or improved:-Lack of bow and arrow variety: At the moment there only seems to be 1 type of arrow and bow in this game, which is what you can make in the beginning.-Glitches: Animals walking through rocks or going underground is a bit of an issue on the second island.-Lag/Performance: I lowered everything to low, turned off most things but anyway I get temporary freezes, low FPS.Overall, I give this game 8/10. This game would be excellent, but performance issues right now is why I can't give it higher rating."
76561197973003787,Recommended,307880,15989408,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Ganelon,"I went ahead and bought a 4 pack for me and the minions. After playing it for 2 days, I am ready to recommend it as an ongoing project. I am happy to support the devs with my purchase, but do not suggest this is a 'complete' game experience. It is a solid foundation to be built on and should be pursued.Savage Lands.It's a survival fantasy world. You are on a Skyrim looking island with just the clothes on your back and must survive the elements, starvation and the various baddies.The content is not as heavy as I'd hoped. At this stage of the game, they have put more energy into weapon and armor crafting than most anything else, leaving some holes in the overall game experience that should be filled as soon as possible. SL is dying for a dynamic questing or dungeon system... with about 3 times the monster mobs. It definitely needs more stuff. MOre active POI destinations .But... it is an early access game and the devs appear to be very responsive.Here is my first game experience before restarting with a hosted game for me and my son.Game starts with my on the shores. Cheap clothes, a tiny sack of starter food and a few little sundries lying on the beach. There is a checklist of things to do to get started, including gathering and building the first camp fire and leanto.Stone axe to chop trees(which fall nicely). Must craft a stone hammer to mine rocks for stone, flint, ore, coal, etc...(this needs to be developed into caves and proper mining). Cotton for cloth to make bandages(wolves cause bleeds).It is dangerous and cold our there. You NEED a campfire and a home. Night time is frigid... and a blizzard at night will kill you in minutes with just the starter clothes.There are pre-mades. They are god. I found a couple of small ones to move into... and created another one to make a settlement. I started working on a blacksmith house to get the critical forge.I figured I had a handle on it enough to get my son going, so I abandoned that game to host one for the family.It went very well, and my son and I had a great time. We found another settlement to claim and started work, but I didn't get the items to make a hammer... and ran out of flint. I froze to death on night number 2. Because we had not finished the respawn totem, I had to run naked and unarmed in the dawn's early light.And I cam across an abandoned village with 5 buildings... including a working forge!!!It was an exciting surprise and we moved right away to the new homestead. Unfortunately, these structures are not procedurally generated, so there really is no reason to build one once you know where they are. This takes away the need for the intriguing structure crafting system. It literally invalidates it. They only think I HAVE to build...is the respawn point. AN entire path of advancement... POOF!!!My hope is that the devs nerf their usefulness... perhaps by halving the heat protection and requiring constant repair to eat resources and time, making a player structure desirable. My preference would be to also have viking like mobs that already live there that need to be conquered.Still... there is a good game here with much potential... and the impression I get is that the devs WANT that potential and are very active with the community of players to get guidance on what the priorities should be.In the meantime, my kids and I enjoy the coop experience."
,Recommended,307880,21378121,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,manchildkevin,"As of right now, developers seem to be advancing the game quickly and improving it in the right direction.  Their updates balance improving performance, graphics and content which is great to see.  Many early access games i have bought fail to keep such a balance so i have high hopes for this game.The only thing that i have a problem with the game which i dont know if the developers can do much about, besides more marketing is the fact that i can never find an avalible public server to play on.  To me, this really takes away from the appeal.  Just somthing about playing with others, even if i am just going out on my own and having side conversations with others makes the game more fun.Since this is early access and the pros way outweigh the cons, i would still definately reccomend this game, it definately stands out among all of the other ""survival crafting RPG"" like games that i have played or seen come out."
76561198149881474,Recommended,307880,18690440,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,trentvh,"I absolutely love this game.The atmosphere is what does it for me. You really feel isolated and alone (I mainly just play single player.) Every single thing you do and decision you make is based solely on your continued survival, and it's so much fun.I explored an (in-game) day and a half away from my main base, and getting back (srsly make a compass and trust it) was an adventure. I questioned myself, I wondered how long the night would last... and I was elated when my compass led me back to the ocean and the landmarks I built to get me back home.You can max out stuff to do fast enough, but the devs always seem to be adding more. I'm very much looking forward to what comes next.I can't stress the importance of a compass enough."
76561198113989174,Not Recommended,307880,22908270,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Mr_Nova,"Savage Lands, What a Huge Dissapointment. I've played for almost three hundred hours and have accomplished nothing except waisting my time on a bad build. Animals still glitch out sinking into the mountains. Still cannot kill KUR. Love the concept and would love the game, but there has to be a resolve. It was a great game with a great concept. I'm not fully understanding the updating when the updates are making this great game worse. Weapons suck compared to enemies, Armor sucks compared to enemies damage. How can you build dragon scale armor if you can't kill the dragon. The hunger aspect sucks. It's hard to enjoy the game when you spend two hours hunting for food to run out in 10 minutes. I have to hunt for the game host since they can't hunt on there own, due to the animals running from the  host. Animals kick wooden chest all over the place even inside a building. Can't build where I want or need to. Way to much sinew and hide. trash been is working better, but takes too long to empty and you can't get rid of your heads off your dead bodies. I could list alot more... I don't cheat on games. Is that what I have to resolve to just to play this game. What a joke."
76561197980868205,Not Recommended,307880,31423287,Posted: 28 April,all,Mack,"Steam needs to start outright banning developers entirely that fail to complete a game in Early Access. You've sold a ton of copies, using Early Access. Either finish this game, or stop developing entirely."
,Recommended,307880,20534451,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,2High2tell,"OK, I love this game and my first few weeks of owning it I could not play anything else. It has its own unique storyline and lore, The AI can be very challenging at first but you learn how to fight each type of mob you face as you progress to tougher mobs further inland on the island. You are shipwrecked on an old ancient island filled with ghost towns (not ghost) undead, mystical creatures and even Dragons. You hunt for food, deer, goats bear etc. and besides meat you need to farm skins and other things used for crafting.Crafting is fairly detailed, You can make better weapons and clothing, prepare food and even build structures to get you through the cold winter nights. Crafting is a key feature to this game and to get some of the better wapons and armor to craft you need rare ingredients from tougher AI to craft certain things. The game does a good job at building up to be able to kill the more tougher AI and so on.  As you build better armor and weapons you can fight tougher mobs and get better and more rare ingredients so you can build even better things to fight even tougher mobs and so on and so on. The balance in this respect is very good indeed.The game is going through a change right now, and it is for the better. The game is in the middle of an engine upgrade that touts a brand new map and a much better layout that improves the progression from being a noob to a full outfitted badass ready to slay some dragons.  The new map is a beta op-in and as a new player you will get the relativly bug free old map to start with until the conversion is complete. The devs have gone out of their way to ensure old toons can be carried over to the new map if this is something you want. (and I did) The old map is fairly bug free and very enjoyable the new opt in beta map, although MUCH better still hosts a lot of bugs and this is why it is opt in only. It is meant for veteran players who know the game and can give good bug reports.Now this review would be incomplete without makeing a point that I have never had the privledge to make in any other steam game. This game BY FAR has the best Devs around. They are here everyday. helping, answering, listening to feed back. If you ask a question you will often get more then one dev answering to it. They will go out of their way to listen to you, help you and listen to your feedback both good and bad. I want to give you two examples off the top of my head.1st, Someone had a bug that made him loose all his gear, Put it in the bug section. and was probably ok with laving it at that. Not for the Devs, They started an MP server gave him the info and replaced EVERYTHING he lost.2nd, My family went away for xmas and I was home alone and decided to get into the firewater and light myself up while I played some savage lands. I ran into a prob or question (do not remember which) at 2 am Xmas eve. and guess what, there was a dev there to help me out within 10 minutes. They should have been sleeeping or with family and friends for Xmas but they CARE so much about this game that even on Xmas eve they were there to support their customers.I can not tell you enough about the commitment to this game these devs have, it shows in the forums and in the love they have for this game itself.  If there was a reward for the best Devs in steam forums these guys would win hands down. We all know how toxic steam forums can get when customers are not happy and they are not getting answers and the devs are know where to be found. I have yet to find a toxic or even negative post in the forums for this game and it all starts from the top down. The game itself is great but the commitment and openess of these devs makes the atmoshpere around here second to none.Updates are very frequent. Every 5-10 days or so. The old map is no longer being updated and it is all on the new map. Of course this makes sence as the old map will be gone once the final switch to the new engine and map are complete. It is fair to say that if you are new and get the old map you are still getting a very complete game even for it being an early access title.  Starting on the old map is still a great play and in no means a lessor experience do to the fact it is no longer being supported. Of course there is nothing stopping you from opting in and starting off on the new map but I would not reccomend it yet. The old map is solid and complete and is a great way to learn the game in a relativley bug free enviroment.The game has great replayability and I expect great things from it for no other reason then how much the devs love this game. These guys are building a game for the love of seeing a game they made and to make it great, not for money or any of the other things some dev teams do to get their name out there or whatever.It is a SP and MP survival game that has been a great add to my collection of survival games I love. It has been a good 2 years for EA survival games for me with other titles like, The Forest, The Long Dark 7D2D and of course Savage Lands and just like the others I am happy to own this title in my collection. It is unique in its own way and well worth the price for an EA title and would be worth full retail of a finished game, if you get it on sale (like I did) it is a downright steal. If you enjoy survival games then I reccomend it, If you like supporting small EA dev teams then this is by far the most worthy team I have ever seen.Most of the EA titles I own I do not worry about, they will see the light of day and full release. But this one, I have never even considered anything otherwise. This dev team loves this game so much they would finish it in a coffee shop stealing free wi-fi whilst living on the street and panhandling for food money in order to see this game finished.Game 8.5-10Devs 11-10"
,Recommended,307880,16517248,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,chaoticq,"Rating: 10/10 (For an early access game)Pros:-A sizeable island to explore including abandoned towns, small camps, large ominus towers, etc.-Enough weapon/armor sets to have a sense of progression (Currently 7 armor sets and 20+ tools/weapons along with uniques)-Enough mobs for diversity (Also, with uniques)-Constantly evolving lore-Nice looking textures and models for everything-One of the most active and ""in-touch"" developers (They have a timer for the next update on the title screen and wonderful livestreams)-Developers look at suggestions from players-Ability to construct buildings-Host/join games and play with up to 8 other peopleCons:-Issues you see in any other early access game (AI Issues, occasional lagging, lack of many features)-Servers disappear when full/ no dedicated servers(yet)-Quick progression (I have end-game equipment after roughly 13 hours of play)In, short this is a great survival game that has a nice balance of brutality and playability but it isn't for those who want to go strait into the action. It stands out compared to other games like it with it's backstory/lore and most of all its developers. I'm looking forward to seeing the future updates with new content."
,Recommended,307880,16967271,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,StevoMcRulez,I really love the game and it is fun to play for about a day but after that it gets too easy and boring.Still worth the money too help the devs finish the game.There are constant updates and the devs actually respond in the discussion forums.It needs to be harder in my opinion.The game needs a larger variety of monsters and magical items. Always fighting the same thing is what I dont like.Maybe the map should have different biomes of different monster types. Also there should be some caves and dungeons to explore. A boat to go to another island when a player if finished on this island.This game has the potential to be one of the best fantasy survival games.
,Recommended,307880,15912613,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Liorexus,"You're an ugly, naked bald guy who wakes up on a frigid island next to some conveniently-placed starter gear.  The game has a definite learning curve, and it doesn't hold your hand much aside from the starter gear at the beginning and the codex that shows you what resources you need for the items you've unlocked thus far.  You'll probably die every night until you figure out what the hell you're doing, and even after that it'll continue to beat you down at every chance it gets.  You'll need to fight off starvation, wild animals, risen skeletons and the biting cold as you struggle to carve out a foothold in the unforgiving wilderness, from crafting a bow to hunt deer with to bulking up in armour and wondering how the hell you're supposed to kill the dragon on the top of the tower looming over the forest.  Rapidly becoming one of my favourite survival games, though while in early access there are still a few bugs that need to be taken care of.  I'm looking forward to playing it upon release."
76561198068519572,Recommended,307880,17940147,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Blood_of_Denial,"Loving the game so far, finding the gameplay rather enjoyable. *Warning to new Players* You start the game without a tutorial, take your time to learn  the controls and the gameplay and you should have fun. =)"
76561197963103522,Recommended,307880,21955088,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Noob 2.1,2 parts Minecraft.1 part Skyrim.10 parts Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is difficult!Seriously.You'll die.A Lot.You'll die cold.You'll die alone.You'll die starving.You'll die impaled on a pigs tusk.You'll die surrounded by skeletons.You'll die in the jaws of a direwolf.And that's just the first day/night cycle.
,Recommended,307880,14806846,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,h0llywood,"If you buy this game, make sure you do while it's on sale. In its current state, $25 is going to feel like a bit of a stretch.Here's the concept - It's Elderscrolls meets Rust. I think this is a good thing.While it's early access, most of the visuals are pretty good, with the exception of a few things that I would consider placeholders.The combat is a bit wonky and clunky; the mobs have a melee range that is crazy. Overall, the system needs some work and that should be expected in a lot of these games.My friend and I were having a good time and progressing until we ran into a bug with the storage box and that basically put an end to the session. I'm usually extremely cynical about Early Access games and think that is how most consumers should be, but I've already gotten my investment down to ~ $5 per hour of entertainment so far could probably get more.So there you go; in it's current state I wouldn't pay more than $15, but picking it up cheaper than that would be worthwhile."
76561198011913543,Not Recommended,307880,32196467,Posted: 5 June,all,Kinetic,Just play Skyrim with some survival mods and you'll get a whole lot more and better content.
,Not Recommended,307880,34893071,Posted: 11 September,all,Cable_Splice,"A development team can't take peoples money to finish a game and then change their priorities without delivering really anything. They need to own up to critisism and not use the cop out that people are being harsh or ""savage"" to excuse them dropping the ball. I'd change my review if the company decides to do the right thing and prioritize making their paying customers and supporters happy instead of taking a holier-than-thou stance and doing what ever they think can make them the quickest buck. Fun concept, terrible lack of commitment."
,Not Recommended,307880,30189965,Posted: 26 February,all,Major Boozehound,Another early access cash grab. Junk game that didn't go anywhere; don't buy.
76561198110686814,Recommended,307880,17515863,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Devilansem,"I have played this game for less then 10 Hours and bought it when it was on sale, so take that into consideration when readying this review.Pro:-Has a Nice dynamic and graphically appealing environment.- The Sense of dying at any moment keeps you interested in the game.- Has so much potential and can become a very interesting game once completed or near completion.- The interface is easy to use.- The combat is pretty fluent.Con:-Limited diversity in weapons (most weapons are melee) One Ranged weapon style.- Limited ways of obtaining food.  ( Should be able to fish or harvest fruits from trees).- Very little objectives besides staying alive and completing day one task.- Should have some quest or other clear and defined objectives.- Limited Amount of structures that can be built. (only Hut style buildings, no armories or food storages)The game overall is fun and i would recommend playing with friends makes the game much more enjoyable. The developers are constantly releasing updates."
76561198047904881,Recommended,307880,21122653,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,0ddfx,"Aight - Savage Lands, 130 hrs 1st 2 weeks = Freakin awsm. Moved to the beta branch around the 90 hr mark an havn't looked back. New content every time I load a map. This is one game that actually has good ninja updates with large and pre-announced weeklyish on the main loading screen. NPC's - Everything attacks on sight with a decent detection radius, blinding whiteout snowstorms, great graphic's, scaling enemies from pigs, bears, wolf packs, skellies, night furies, giants to a dragon [not implemented in beta yet] and really user friendly UI. There's no questline as of yet but just staying alive here keeps you on your toes, health, cold, stamina and hunger all need constant monitoring. Yea it's EA and beta so there's bugs but hey , what game doesn't have glitches here an there. and the thing is you can see them disappear on a daily basis, I have an old i5 and gtx560 which runs this fine. Map loading is vry fast, with player an map saves usable in SP or MP. I have been nothing but impressed with this game from the get go. Jumping in with no knowledge whatsoever of how things worked I starved, froze and was eaten to death in quick succession many times. so funny. Now I roam the lands in armor and weaponry looted from once feared adversaries that I spent the 1st night cowering from in a chanced upon hut - lol. The communities great, Dev's are obviously involved an keeping a close eye on things. There's a lot more I hav'nt touched on, you can find out for yourself. So yeah, no complaint's or regret's whatsoever here. I absolutely recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,307880,32372326,Posted: 12 June,all,[NB] Ma3Crasher,I regret buying. thats it dont buy it.
,Not Recommended,307880,19300232,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Caged God,"I'm aware it may seem unfair to give a game a bad review with so little play time, but I feel I've gotten a good idea about everything there is to this game. If any developers are reading, I'd like to offer some constructive criticism. Conceptually this game is pretty unique, apart from the early access survival aspect. The atmosphere of waking up on the shore of a cold unforgiving island, plagued by undead creatures, and a dragon (which becomes ever so annoying once you realize it simply flies in circles for eternity) is truly awe-inspiring. Intrigued by the atmosphere you soon realize that there isn't much to offer upon exploring the crafting, combat, and building system. You will find yourself running back to the beach over and over trying to collect flint and other resources, which is very tedious. Simply, the game suffers from poor structure. I'm not sure if it is technical limitations caused by the game's engine, or the lack of experience from the developers. The map isn't big enough to leave any room for exploration, you simply spawn in and see what appears to be your main objective (the dragon). If you're going to leave this big of a gap in map design, atleast make it randomly generated. I recommend starting from scratch with the map, perhaps hire some new employees with the money generated from the Steam sale, maybe even invest in using a better game engine. It all just seems bland, next is combat; after interacting with some skeletons I discovered they had some sort of disability that allowed me to simply run to a safe distance, get a whack in and continue running. There needs to be a proper block and parry system, and more intelligent A.I. I hate to continue to bash, but I'm simply trying to conceptualize some ideas for the developers, so I can get my money's worth from this game. For example, the building. It's simply a bunch of pre-fabs, to build said pre-fabs you must go spam left click countless trees until you die of old age. After you've collected enough resources to build your desired structure, you simply spam ""E"" until this structure magically appears. (This system is similar to that of The Forest"". Referring to the gathering of resources, perhaps players could create a lumber-mill of sorts allowing for increased productivity in wood gathering, and rather than running to the beach to collect flint, you could find nodes (these nodes should respawn eventually) scattered across the map. But, once again with the size of the map, after building your pre-fab riddened village of nothingness the wilderness becomes barren due to the lack of trees. Ultimately, this game needs a fresh-start. I do not intend to insult any developers, I simply would like to see this game to shine in the way it should."
,Recommended,307880,18871432,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,SHOT(by)GUN,"It is a survival game, uh? Don't we have already bunch of those?Compared to other survival games that have shown up recently, this is only survival game that does not feel like a joke.Pros:- First time playing, it is hard to stay alive, even if you try really hard.- Day night cycle is just right length.- You have to plan ahead, when to build shelter, when to get firewood, when to hunt etc... if you don't, well... lets say that the adrenaline I get from almost dying... is rewarding.- Crafting system is intuitive, no outside documentation needed.- Item repairing costs seems mostly balanced.- You never know how though the monster is that you are facing for the first time, until you win/die.- Savefiles are automatically saved in steam cloud- Community management of this company is 10 / 10 (not kidding)- I haven't found bugs in this gameCons:- Combat system is too simple- No possibility to create dedicated servers- Work in progress (well duh, its early access, don't expect it to be a complete game just yet)- Game is based on older version of Unity game engine, thus performance is lower on Linux than on Windows, but game is still playable on ""fast"" graphics setting. (engine will be upgraded in far future)First time I played this game I was just happily running around until I froze to death.I once went mining for some ore at night. . . . ONCE.8 / 10And I want to believe it gets even better than that :3"
,Not Recommended,307880,33858905,Posted: 28 July,all,Average Oldie,"""Development on pause"".... Not really something you want to see with an Early access title.Strongly suggest not investing into this, until news about new content comes around.Never know if it joins the the Abandonware bin with Dwelvers."
76561197989260817,Not Recommended,307880,34239359,Posted: 14 August,all,Hannibal Lamb,"**The Mods are now banning anyone from the forums who is calling Savage Lands out on canceling/""pausing"" the game with no reason.**Another game abandoned due to incompetence.  They claim it is on ""pause"" but its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The reason for the pause is not clear and a mumbling mess. They either got bored of the game, ran out of cash, or just dont give a wet fart. This is why i stopped supporting Steam EA Games. They promise the world, take your cash, then cancel with nothing but a husk of a game completely unfinished and can move right on to create another title on steam, and Valve does nothing to stop them. This has to end. This is like the 10th game i own from Steam EA to do this. Stay far far far from this Skyrim knock off.Do not buy this, the game has been abandoned. Do not Support EA unless the game is in Beta or better. We need to stop the free cash cow together and stop feeding ""developers"" like this."
,Recommended,307880,15308102,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Buddy T Jones,"Was drinking, got a slight buzz, started playing.Made a bow.Started hunting deer.Ran into a boar.He attacked.Caused me to bleed.Killed the boar.Made a band-aid.Band-aid didn't stop the bleeding.I bled out and died.I didn't know I was Robert Baratheon...10/10 would play again."
76561198086359810,Not Recommended,307880,29911341,Posted: 13 February,all,Mouse,"I really want to love this game but right now it is an unfinished, buggy piece of work. Animals that don't fight back, snow coming through house walls, no npcs, barely any cool boss mobs, no alchemy, no sorcery, lag, takes ages to run around, only a couple houses to build,, no thematic music no castles, etc. This game has so much potential to be great but as of now it is a half baked mess. 3/10 in current state, save your cash."
,Recommended,307880,24588137,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,NaziPodunksFkOff,"This game is one of the few that captures almost everything I want in a survival-style game. I don't really see why people say it's SO difficult though. It's not easy, but it won't kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you play conservatively and don't run around in your underwear swinging a hatchet at a dragon. Focus on survival, and you'll find a rewarding game filled with crafting, building and exploration.Also deserving a special mention is the amount of work the devs continue to put into this game. There is a counter on the main menu telling you when the next update is coming... There have been a huge number of updates since I've owned this game. It's not perfect, there are still some rough edges but it's getting better every day."
76561198018688130,Not Recommended,307880,31462840,Posted: 30 April,all,Duriel_za,"DO NOT WASTE 1dime ON THIS GAME,DONT EVEN FINISH READING THIS REVIEW THAT IS HOW RUBBISH THIS GAME IS.Bought this game in 2015, logged in today not much has changed.Wild boars hopping around like rabbits.Inventory where your char can only carry 20 different items.Terrible inventory management even something as simple as eating food is a mission.It is unfortunate that developers like this ruin the oppurtunity for great early access games like ARK."
,Not Recommended,307880,34268587,Posted: 15 August,all,Bontee,"I had high hopes for this, after the last message from the devs, I don't think they're really ever coming back, and with how few updates there have been before this, I don't know if they ever fully planned on finishing it in the first place."
,Not Recommended,307880,33749715,Posted: 23 July,all,Hazzy,"I bought into this game a long time ago, hoping that a mixture between a Dark Fantasy/Skyrim-type graphic motif and ark survival combo would be a lot of fun. It was pretty unplayable so I shelved it and waited.It's been... a year and a half? 2 years now? And I honestly cannot tell the difference. That wouldn't really bother me, I understand♥♥♥♥♥♥happens... but once I saw the dev's response to complaints that the game was being abandoned, I was convinced the game is utterly doomed.""Reviewing a product based on your feelings of being lied to makes you an unfit reviewer if we were being honest"" -The DevApparently, if you feel cheated, you're not fit to review a product. You know, the MAIN REASON PEOPLE COMPLAIN ABOUT PRODUCTS. Stay far, far away."
,Recommended,307880,16431985,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,The_Iron_Minotaur,"*Warning this is an early access game*Savage Lands is the more fantasy counterpart to Hitherland Studio's ""The Long Dark"".The main goal like that game is to survive either by yourself. The only notable difference is you can team up with other players as you carve out a living in this world. The only negative issue about this game is the framerate. Unless you have a great PC rig, prepare yourself for a lot of lag and a lot of studdering about. I would like to add that the save system in this game is like the Long Dark, where there is none it is relied upon certain actions or exiting to the main menu, possibly when the days go by as well. (Now this part about the ""save"" feature, might change as well. If the developers decide to add a save feature).The game also gives you a supplies list. For what you need in order to craft that particular object. (Now i say this now, but maybe the developers will get rid of this aspect in a future update. So this part of the review will probably change). This game isn't brutal like the Long Dark where every minute, second, hour could be your doom. But finding things in this world could take a while to find. So consider that to be your ""every x could be your doom"".This game has modding potential. But in my opinion, if this game is tuned just right. You won't probably need mods for this game. Maybe translation mods, but not actual mods.The developers like Hitherland Studios. Are very active and supportive of their fanbase. If you have any suggestions, issues, etc. Ask them and they will answersIf you love Hardcore survival games particuarly taking place in a fantasy setting. This game is a recommend."
,Not Recommended,307880,30740928,Posted: 25 March,all,Bragdras,"Potential abandonware that's in a perpetual state of being broken / borderline unplayable, the developpers of this have a tendency of going 1 step forward then taking 2 steps back, never settling on mechanics or the playable terrain and then ""revisiting"" them while breaking vital elements of the game and taking decisions that are outdated.I would not recommend this under any circumstance as of today until the developers show interest and competence, the latter which has been more than lacking for the past year.Conan Exiles, Subnautica and The Forest are all much better candidates in every ways, with a large emphasize on The Forest."
76561197989586075,Not Recommended,307880,30188646,Posted: 25 February,all,Reaper,Game Devs are going to stop working on the game for sometime while they work on a new game for MUNIES!!! lol What a scam. This is the same group who flopped the latest Toy SOldiers and Ascend:Hand of Kull. I would avoid any future project they have an allow them to experiance the unemployment line.:Edited:Was also banned from forums because they Dev claims we just have to wait a little longer. I asked how long till next year? I mean jesus they spent enough time hiding from the community. Be an adult and a professional. These Mod fanbois are probly the biggest group of F-ups ive ever seen and i was in the army. So ive seen my share of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561197983752725,Not Recommended,307880,24470615,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,KliX,"This game seemed to have potential about 6 months ago when I first bought it with my friend. We got pretty far and it was fun. We decided to boot it up again and restart to check out all the new content. But for some reason you added a god damn super dragon that kills you every 5 minutes. We bled and cried and sweated our way to the next area through a portal after getting the key from lord kruul and thought we were rid of that accursed dragon, buy were we wrong. After dying about 10 more times from in an hour we were done and not happy. WHAT WERE THEY THINKING.OH and be prepared to spend many hours mining because it is slow as balls."
,Recommended,307880,16736819,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Kilivan Jg,"This game is amazing.End of Story, or is it?Prosso savage lands atm the an amazing game, no question there.it is very entertaining, and for early access has little bugs.it has an amazing community, when i first logged on me and my friend started a server and couldnt find each other, then this other guy joined and helped us out then gave us leather armour to start us off, and as such i have done the same for many other people to repay the favour that, that random guy did.its Dev's are also amazing, streaming weekly and constantly updating to community as well as listening to them and taking their ideas.the Dev's also have amazing future plans for the game and unlike some other early access games, i do not see them ditching this game once more people buy itKur, Simply Kur...Conshonestly the only cons in this game is because its early access.while it has amazing game play you may get bored from the tough farming.kinda boring if you pay by your self.some people that have no life (like my self) may find it alittle boring, as after 30 hours, or alittle less you may find your self with nothing to do. (i would like to note that my friend and i made a massive town, of 32 buildings, and spent about 3 hours just jumping from roof to roof, and trying to get to one end to the other (note we succeded after alot of rages xD)) other than that if you just wait for the updates every week - 2 weeks youll have a great time with this game."
,Recommended,307880,16092176,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Cpt. Dumplin,"Early Access Review31.5.2015Okay, guys...It looks like just another Open World Survival Game.And that is exactly whatSavage Landsis.But it's damn well set in scene, for an early access game.It's like this:You stranded on an island.And everything that is not you (or another player),Wants. To. See. You.DEAD.•There's a huge♥♥♥♥♥dragon that will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you don't watch out.AND the night's even more dangerous.•Now,besides all the monsters and wild animals that want to devour your mortal soul for whatever reason, there's yet the cold and hunger that you have to fight.•You HAVE to hunt and that pretty often, which means you can't just build a base and stay there,hoping for deer or something to pass by.•Your houses/leantons/fireplaces or whatever you use to scare off or fend against wild animals will soon be able to get wrecked too by mentioned monsters.•It's really hard to keep a good sense of orientation too, since you only have a little, pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ compass that you can craft and the dragon towers to set as markers, if you don't place down a totem or torch or whatever as ""breadcrumbs"".All in all, for newcomers, this game's tough as nails without a dull end.And for those who know their way around in this game already, it'll become harder too, since there's a lot to come.It's a refreshing challenge from all those easy games out there that just want to give you the feeling of satisfaction through unbattled superiority, which is not what a survival game is about.Savage Landsbrings back the good ol' feeling of insecurity that keeps you alerted at all times,because you know that whatever might come around- it wants to kill you.There's even that handy Countdown on the main menu that displays when the next update comes.There are a few little bugs here and there and the servers are not yet working so well, but it's still in work, guys.If you're too impatient to wait for it to be fixed and expanded,don't buy early access games.SummaryGraphics- [7/10]•I've seen better, but there sure will be a lot of modders coming to give it HD patches etc.It doesn't change that the game is fun.•Sometimes when you equip a chestplate, but don't have boots or gloves yet, your ankles and wrists are simply not there. And sometimes even your whole head is gone when you equip a helmet, so you have to relog to fix it.Gameplay- [7/10]It's early access,I know but I'm rating the game on it's current state.•The moveements tend to be a bit cluggy here and there.•It happens that you bug into the floor sometimes, so you have to walk up anything to get out of the floor and be able to jump again.•Super Air Launch when a wolf rushes at you sometimes.World- [6/10]•It's yet only forest,coasts, some abandoned villages/ruins and the dragon towers. It lacks some natural structures like caves or rivers. And some new biomes would be cool. The frosty and snowy forest tends to become boring after a while.Bugs/Glitches- [7/10]•For an early access game,there are surprisingly few bugs and glitches. The ones I noticed so far are listed above in the gameplay and graphics part,since they only affect those parts of the game. Nothing gamebreaking.Challenge- [9/10]•Absolutely great. It's a fair but yet cruel world that will have you dieing very often at the start. But if you get to the end game items, which can happen very quickly, it tends to become a little boring,since the last challenge would be bosses somehow. But there's a lot to come that will have you ragequitting because you lose all your end game stuff to cruel new badasses of monsters.Multiplayer- [7/10]•Hosting a game is easier than ever. Click ""Host Game, choose char, choose/create map, game's open and joinable for whoever you set it for. You can even ban/kick players already, which I don't see very often in early access. On the other side somehow, the ping display doesn't tell you a lot yet and if you're from europe with average internet,you'll have lag issues on Servers hosted in US. Dedicated Servers are non existant yet.End Rating- [8/10]People who would rather have a game with full content right away, rather than waiting for it to grow in steps should not buy this or any Early Access game.People who like to have an actual influence on how the game grows and who can stand small bugs here and there-This game's something you should definitely buy.I bought it for 14,99€, but I would've paid 25€ to be fair.It's really worth it."
76561197982531514,Not Recommended,307880,33437360,Posted: 10 July,all,Johnman,"I would stay away from this one.Another EA game that looks as if it will fail.Currently on Hiatus, they decided to stop making the game ""temporarily.""The game has/had potential but really never got to a very playable state.Even if this game comes back and gets produced further i have no high hopes for it. Why would I --- the Developers just put it on the shelf and said we'll come back to it later. is that really what you would expect form a game that is being developed that you want to support? Irresponsible unrepresentation of a developing game who the inept developers cannot even prioritize thier time."
,Not Recommended,307880,31358610,Posted: 25 April,all,SkunkIE,This DEV team sucks just another cash grab that becomes abandonware.
76561198186187835,Recommended,307880,20049314,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Chunksaflyn,"Right from the beginning I was hooked. Love the atmosphere, the sounds and feel of it are great. The building and survival aspects are just what I was looking for, coupled with the combat and co-op games even make it better. Yes, there are a few things that need to be tweaked, but it's an early access, so give them time.A couple of things I hope they might consider.....the food intake doesn't seem that even, I seem to be needing to eat way too often and yes I know it's cold, but I took winter survival training in the Army and never ate that much. Would love to maybe add a sleep option at night, the chance to build outer walls or mini palisades with a gate and for a few of my female gaming friends the option to have a female character seems to be on their minds. I'm sure they have a great many things they are working on and I am looking forward to each and everyone.All in all, a great game to explore, build in and share with friends or just visit other peoples worlds. Keep up the great work."
76561198183965738,Recommended,307880,15052479,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,8tailkitsune,"beautiful game, graphics and scenery are stunning.game can get too easy once you know what you are doing, but starts out with a Guaranteed to Die format. there is a steep learning curve, but when you get to the top, you pretty much prove the quote from the matrix""Every mammal on this planet instinctively develops a natural equilibrium with the surrounding environment but you humans do not. You move to an area and you multiply and multiply until every natural resource is consumed and the only way you can survive is to spread to another area. There is another organism on this planet that follows the same pattern. Do you know what it is? A virus.""this game is still (at the time of writing this) early release... so keep that in mind... if the designers add some to the end game, or hike it up a bit, this will be one to watch...the team working on this game also seem to be working actively to add features and update - something lacking in a lot of other early access games."
76561198131747892,Not Recommended,307880,17760139,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Jacksonnnn,"Another one of those ''Has potential games'' and it's true, it could be... but not in the near future. Once you get a few items e.g a house, axes and some food that's basically it. Theres not even one little objective to go for and that's even if you make it that far.... there's so little to survive on that you'll probably die 2-3 times before you get anywhere and when you do it's simply not worth it. I'd like to enjoy this game but right now it's just not happening. WAIT UNTIL FULL RELEASE."
,Recommended,307880,18661317,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,vvrockerdox,Where's the damn flint... killed by wolvesI need food... killed by wolvesI need to make a hammer... killed by skelliesI need to make a bow... killed by skelliesI'm freezing to death... throw another log on the fireI made a bow and killed some deer... take that!I feel the dragon is watching me...Awesome initial experience!
,Recommended,307880,17391666,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Volt,"The GoodSavage Lands is an early access game that has a lot of potential, just as many games in EA do.  The game is already playable and enjoyable to some extent if you like a great challenge. The crafting system is well implemented giving you a wide variety of items to craft such as food, clothing, armor, weapons, and enough building designs for a small town if you can live long enough to gather all of the materials. The graphics look decent, not great.  The hands and the animation for eating need some attention. The gameplay is smooth for the most part and I did not run into any bugs during my time in game which hasn't been much.  The enemy AI also seems decent from what I have experienced so far.The BadHowever, the game is plagued with the same faults that plague many survival games.  Savage Lands currently requires that you gather items at such a high rate due to hunger, cold, sickness, & injury that neither your desire to explore nor build is satisfied due to you ultimately meeting your doom if you choose to do anything other than search for supplies. Did I mention that you start naked so as you can imagine, inventory management is also an issue.Note to the DevsThis game has a lot of potential. Howevr, I would like to see the following changes so people have a chance to explore, craft and enjoy this game as pve or pvp without the constant grind of resources being so vital. If the game presents itself as to much of a grind, people will be less like to play it after initially burning out on the contant grind for supplies. So making small changes could improve the gameplay experience while keeping the survival element in place to present a challenge other than the enemy AI and other players.First, the need to eat greatly reduced. People can go several days without food and water.  You should not need to eat every few mins to stay at peek stats. Every 30 mins to an hour would be more reasonable. Keep the need to eat more in line with other survival titles so people have more to do than just focusing on eating or building fires which leads to my next area for improvement.Next, the element of the cold environment which truely makes this game challenging, needs to be less harsh. For example, you become susceptible to illness which deteriorates your health at a slower rate, lets say 10-20 mins, rather than dying a few mins after hitting 0 on your cold meter if you can't get to or build a fire in time and get rest. Also, the torch should provide some warmth and so far as I can tell at the moment, it either does not or does very little.  If the cold is so severe in this environment, I would think we would have been better equipped upon being ship wrecked there.  Granted, so long as you have a hammer and an axe, building a fire is not too difficult, but my point is the current design is a bit much to truly enjoy the experience I believe is hinding in plain sight.Last, servers period.  I did not see any servers in the menu when I started my game so I hosted my own.  This may have been a bug but during my hour and a half of gameplay I did not have anyone join me.  This could have been due to firewalls, but honestly I do not know it the current build even allows one to join others accross the net.  Servers are needed for people to enjoy this game for co-op and pvp.Final VerdictI do recommend this game if you want a challenge and  understand this game is in EA and may turn out to be great or a great disappointment. Otherwise wait for the game to go on sale as I did or for the finished game prior to buying."
,Not Recommended,307880,29497719,Posted: 26 January,all,Eidolon_Erem,"This game is not ready to be offered to the public, even as early access. This could eventually be a Long Dark/The Forest type game with dragons, but I think this team had a neat idea, no money to make it happen, and figured, ""eh, screw it, lets offer a first round build for some capital."" Does this remind anyone of, say, Towns? I WANT to like this game, and as the build version grows, it suggests they're working on it... but come back in 6 months (like I plan to) and try it then. I plan to revise my review, if enough progress is made come July. If not, it'll stay as is."
76561198197627085,Recommended,307880,23028917,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,sharpmoney56,"I have had fun in my playtime of this, so I guess I'll do a pros and cons list:Pros:-Fun with other people.-Good survival game-Challenging at times-Great game while still in early accessCons:-Bad framerate sometimes-Challenging monsters alone-Hard to understand what is happening at times.-Some things are really hard to get."
76561198039052151,Not Recommended,307880,18907455,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Butters Stotch,"I can understand that there would be a lot of things missing as it's early access, but the devs need to ask themsleves where this is headed. Very basic atm and plays like any other survival/crafting game.""Brutal Combat"" -- it isn't. The only brutal thing about it is getting azzrammed by a pack of wolves that have longer reach than you do. Make the combat actually brutal. Blood effects are poor, the sounds aren't visceral, animations are sub-par (aren't even ragdolls lol) and all you do is click click click like Skyrim. C'mon guys this is called SAVAGE LANDS, make the combat SAVAGE. Add some mad combat effects like blood splatters and sick, bassy growls from the wolves, groans to the skeletons, give the dragon a roar, make me afraid to go out into the wild.As for combat it really does feel like a basic Skyrim. You need a way to differentiate it combat gameplay wise otherwise if I wanted a repetitive click combat game with survival elements I'd just add a couple of mods to Skyrim and it'd be a more comprehensive game than this would ever be. Do something like Ryse or SoM, or even LoZ (each enemy has a weakness you need to exploit). Change it up for each creature. Wolves? Use a torch in one hand to keep them at bay while you swing with your weapon. If it's a pack, have them stay back growling and one jumps in to atack you every now and then. Skeleton? Aim for it's legs so it becomes slower and has less reach. etc.All the weapons feel the same, too.Add a crouch/prone option so that when you spot the dragon (or even other hostiles) you can lay down and not get spotted and rekt instantly, allowing you to wait for it to fly out of range. Make me feel like I'm actually trying to survive.Add a realistic mode. Allow the players to select an actual 1:1 24 hour mode with hunger that takes a few hours to develop. This would be awesome and would actually make the game diffuclt in the right way. Instead of continuosly having to hunt, you can put it on the backburner and actually plan out exploring the wilderness so you don't get gangbanged by wolves.You don't need a whole hand dedicated to a compass, either. Make it a hotkey, you press it and his left hand goes down and comes up with the compass untill you let it go or press the button again, at which point it goes back down and comes back up with whatever you had equipped before pressing the hotkey.Animations are pretty crummy and it would be cool if you made enemies ragdoll upon death instead of those average death animations you have now that remind me of the horrible dragon death and spin death animations in Skyrim.tbh I was going to write way more, but I realised the chances of the game improving or being differentiated from other games is very unlikely.tl;dr: even if you want this game, don't buy it. Install some survival and realism mods in Skyrim, turn the difficulty up and play that instead while you wait to see if this becomes any good."
76561197973795570,Recommended,307880,28222927,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Reaper,"This game is part of a series of survival realism games which have floaded the market recently.This game does have a few noted perks however;1)  Nice graphics2)  Working (although a little buggy) mulitplayer for more than 4 people3)  Reasonable netcode, allowing you to actually hit what you're aiming at4)  Tough, but not unreasonable creatures5)  Grinding is realistic (and lots of upgrades)6)  Great multiplayer (with friends) upscaling.  Meaning that if you're the last to start playing the game, your friends can get you up to speed easily enough.It lacks;1)  Any real range weapons (big draw back and I don't see why)2)  Some minerals are hard should have alternate methods of creation (coal for example, could be made by burning logs)3)  Enough wildlife (food can be a problem after the starting arrea)4)  Wildlife does not spawn fast enough.Given all of the above, the creators have made great strides since its creation some years ago and I see this becoming a great LAN party crowd pleaser.To promote more servers, it may be worthwhile creating more time based mineral and food gathering tools.  This would increase the amount of active servers and held promote more active game play.Good fun game though :)"
76561197987702093,Not Recommended,307880,32638440,Posted: 22 June,all,Ecknareal,"Looking at the reviews they somewhat sum up how i feel about this game. Unfinished and doesn't seem like it ever will be, it seems a shame though as i did really enjoy the world they where building. Honestly i would like my money back for this game if it won't ever be released as a finished concept. Alot of people paid upfront from a game with very little  the devopleers should bebale to fund a team to finish the content. Wouldn't recommend this game unless you're looking to kill between 3-4 hours and be done with it for ever, which for £11 isn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,307880,18966591,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Bun-Bun,"There are already a lot of precise reviews out there, so I just want to mention some major points, which made my gaming experience really bad.But first, let's be honest, this game is far away from being garbage - but it is not good either.The approach to the genre, the setting and the core gameplay mechanics are good and fun and the game has huge potential. Thing is, that I strongly doubt, the devs will be able to address all issues before calling it a day and releasing an unfinished product.As of now, this is early access and here are the major points, why I started to hate this game:- Multiplayer:Not playable as of now. The game get's unplayable, once players starting to spread out - not to mention the odd process to configure a server.- Lack of depth:No content, no challenges, just random deaths and a running simulator. Fun for an hour - pure suffering after that.- Bad game design:Fighting/AI is not fun at all, loot- and inventory-design are more a joke than a feature, world is way too large and grinding is all you can do right now. If you die, it means, you have to get back to your corpse, which is most of the time a huge mess and can take forever, because you either freeze, starve or end up as a snack on the ten-hour march back to your corpse.One day in the field and your equiment is completly destroyed and needs to be rebuild, which is okay in the beginning, but get's really annoying later on. Equiment should last way longer than it does right now. It feels like a mechanic to prolong the suffering through this game.- Bugs and crashes:This is early access, I get it, but guys, really? There are graphic-bugs, before you even enter the main menu! I wanna keep it short, so I won't go into detail, but I could spend more time with bug reports than with game content.- Graphics:There are a view highlights, like chopping down a tree or watching the dragon, but the rest of the game feels dead and lacks all kinds of detail. It feels like the devs stopped working on it at some point to reach out for money even sooner.All in all I wanted this game to do well, but it didn't. It had a fair price during the sale, but it is weak compared with nearlly any other game of the survival genre.Update 1:I am really impressed by the response time of the dev team.It seems like they really care and are trying hard to make the game better.Right now I don't like the current state of the game, but this game might have a bright feature, if the Dev team is willing to work hard on it!"
76561198071221040,Not Recommended,307880,29125412,Posted: 8 January,all,Deucey Jaques,"Honestly, when I originally got this game, I thought it was all right. There wasn't much to it aside from survival, and I knew it was early-access, so I went in knowing that the finished product would probably take a while. I was pretty surprised when I went in plenty of updates later, and was faced with some pretty cringeworthy animations. I would like to like this game, but I can finally see just how far from finished it is. I really hope the developers do continue to improve the game, but for now, I can not see any progression over the months I've owned this game. Given, I haven't played it much, but I can at least see the issues. Anyways, for a quick summary:Pros:Nice sound-effectsPotentialNice RPG feel to itExceptional contentCons:Animations are wonkyHitting things doesn't have ""heft"" to it. You can't really feel like you're doing anything to the enemiesThe threat of death doesn't seem all that threateningLack of character customization (that's a personal taste for sandbox games)As for something that I found hilarious: There's a nudity option for your character (there's only the option for a male character)."
76561198185927218,Recommended,307880,25290925,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,AL,"Unfinished game - definitlyBugs - who hasn't seen goats flying in mid air?!More bugs - Don't get me started on those skeletons...Performance issues, crashes etc - happens yesOptimisation needed - hell yes!Verdict would I recommend the game - well yes.This is an unfinished game that has received numerous, regular updates from the developpers and continues to change and improve in leaps in bounds. Yes I appreciate that at times improvements to content impacts negatively on the performance of play but this can be compensated for in the settings sometimes, and at worst you can just wait until the next update.I have followed this game for some time and have had my fair share of frustrations, but this is not a completed product. If you come to SL expecting a AAA polished game you will be sorely disapointed and no doubt write a poor review. Remember this as a work in progress from a smaller studio, who enjoy trying out different game balances (remember those hordes of wolves who would chew up your newbie self the moment you spawned on Snowmere?! Miss those days).So go enjoy shooting boars, dying of cold or starvation, mining until you little axes break, screaming when you FPS drops to 2, and don't forget to check back for the updates. :)"
,Not Recommended,307880,34479291,Posted: 25 August,all,mainychan,"2 years ago when I purchased this game, I was very excited for it. I recommended it to friends, played with said friends, and continued to have high hopes for it. However, even before the latest update stating they have not ""Abandoned the game"", any small amount of hope that this game would grow into something remarkable is gone. I cannot recommend it, nor would I with the current attitude shown by the Devs in the most recent update post."
,Not Recommended,307880,33181164,Posted: 3 July,all,~XVI~ Ravenknight,"I took a chance on this game, and at least for the moment, I very much regret not having waited. Updates were coming in somewhat regularly one day, then the next suddenly *poof*. Nothing. The devs claim the game is on 'hiatus' due to the need to ""fulfill other obligations"". They apparently did this from their bubble universe, in which no such precedents have ever been set by any other developers and the negative reaction the game has been receiving because of this ""pause in development' is highly unfair and unwarranted.  Thus, have the responses from the developer (or at the very least their PR rep) and their defenders seemed rather unctuous, and perhaps even more then a little condescending.As to the game itself, I thought it was proceeding rather well (at least at the time that it WAS proceeding at all) and that a good game COULD probably be smelted from this code ore. Extremely unpolished is, I believe, a not unfair and perhaps even a diplomatic way to characterize the current state of the game. Yes, there IS a game here. Yes, it IS ""functional"" if you want to get technical about it. Is it a GOOD gameas it currently stands in its 'paused' state? In all honestly and as fairly as I can muster at this point: No. Thus, I am NOT Recommending until somesignificantprogress has been made AT THE VERY LEAST.'Reviewing a product based on your feelings of being lied to makes you an unfit reviewer if we were being honest.'(src:http://steamcommunity.com/app/307880/discussions/1/2592234299531908962/?ctp=2#c2592234299547618581)To the Dev: Keep in mind neither you, nor this game, exists in a vacuum and the criticism being leveled at you is quite understandable when your actions (or lack thereof as the case may be) appear to ape those many scummy, saggy t.i.t developers who have, and still continue to, get away with scamming customers while hiding behind the Early Access label. If you want to ban me for this review that's your prerogative and frankly my good (wo)man, I don't give a damn. To your legion of defenders: if you want to continue being taken advantage of, keep in mind that there are innumerable entities waiting in the wings to do that very thing to you. Close YOUR eyes to it if you wish, but at least have the common decency to accept that other people are unhappy with this kind of treatment and refuse to take it lying down, and wish to warn others away from what appears to be yet another attempt. Speaking for myself at least, it is not my intent to impinge upon YOUR enjoyment of the game. If unfinished, unfulfilled promises are your cup of tea, then by God, have at it and welcome to it. To both Dev and Defenders: Actions speak louder then words. And actions have consequences. Whether you agree with them or not."
76561198042706870,Recommended,307880,19986905,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,S3LCouth,"Hands down hard as HECK! It takes a little while to get used to seeing different ""creatures"" and knowing if its worth the risk. I wish that the ""freezing"" meter wasnt so harsh but meh overall still awesome.DEVS! MORE BOWS! MORE ARROWS!"
76561198075909810,Recommended,307880,14848056,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,KingMattyBigMac,"Hey guys,Its a pretty good game even though its still early access. It needs a lot of improvements though and i will list some of the changes i will likevto see later on.List:More mapsCharacter customisationbetter character set up screenmore mobsdiffernt types of animals for different bioms (also mobs for different bioms)being able to sleep at nightsit down buttonchairsbedsfunature in generalhouses can warm you updragon living in a cave maybe? or somewhere elsebeing able to swimThanks for reading and i hope this helps and gives everyone some ideas."
76561198007201927,Recommended,307880,18976214,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,HKönig,great game with massive potential! Developers actually ask for feedback and deliver on their patches and improvements.
76561198059591085,Recommended,307880,18033607,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,FriendlySniper™,"Great game, loving it so far!..Just wish you could build walls around camps you make or fences :-(.. Other than that, awesome game and loads of fun. Well worth the sale price."
,Not Recommended,307880,34307533,Posted: 17 August,all,♥ღbrianaღ♥,Development company is incapable of reaching their goals.Another EA Money Pit.
,Not Recommended,307880,29250543,Posted: 14 January,all,Sane Dell,"Im very disapointed. This game has gotten worse in the last couple months. The key part is the invisible monsters that only the host can see. Lethal to me and my friends, but very invisible. This game was litteraly better 6 months ago than it is today. Please fix this bug as the game has extraordinary potential!. I want to love this game so much."
76561198080289103,Recommended,307880,20426202,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Porojen kuningas,"Me and a couple of friends found this game on sale and decided to try it out, what followed was a weekend of fun gaming with 5 dudes... but thats about it.This game has an amazing concept, the lore is good and gameplay is really enjoyable.But as you can see.. it took us about 15 hours on a multiplayer server with 5 guys to complete everything we could.We even got as far as to trying to kill the dragon... but at the time it was bugged and could not be killed.Do i like this game?  -Yes!Do i recommend this game?- No. if you wanna play a survival Skyrim just mod Skyrim (wich if you are considering this game you mot likely have)If not then go ahead and buy this game!there isnt actually anything bad i can say about the game since it still hasnt been finished, but the makers have been abit lazy the past couple of months so im fearing that they will never fully finish this.TL:DRThis is a Skyrim-like open world survival game wich doesnt have that much content at the time, but you can sink a easy 40 hours into it solo and a easy 20 with friends trying to complete it.I dont recommend buying this, but i recommend it as a game.hopefully the makers put in more effort, because this game has potential."
76561198060209155,Not Recommended,307880,34374259,Posted: 20 August,all,Delvianna,"I really liked playing this game in the beginning but now, I consider it unplayable. Yes, a lot of people consider it playable but when a bug consistantly gets irritating to the point it makes you quit playing and go play something else, then it's time to quit and wait for updates; which until then, is unplayable.The bugs im refering to is when you die, you run back to your body and for some reason there are body duplicates. So you pick up 2 sets of armor. You throw 1 in storage and run around with the other until you realize later your armor disapeared and you're now naked because you chose the wrong armor and then you die again in the middle of a fight. Rinse.... repeat....So now you wait for a year with no updates and learn the game is on a hiatus because the company decided to say ""f-u"" to its community and take on another project that their working on instead. A year without any bug fixes, updates or even consideration for its paying customers, while slamming their frustration and anger in a post says I seriously doubt you will ever see another update for this game again.The community has lost faith in this develepor and we have already written it off as abandoned considering you're more eager about taking on multiple projects when you can't even finish this one. I've never been so angry at a development company before and this is just absolutely pathetic. You have no right to ask us for patience with a year hiatus so your money grubbing company can shove more projects infront of this one and then tell the community off. You might actually post 1 update in 3 months until you sign another contract and put this game on another hiatus again because that seems to be the way you work.Don't bother wasting your money on this bug ridden abandoned game."
76561198229227332,Recommended,307880,26650585,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,jeremyboy87106,"I like this game, but I think it would be better if the buildings had a sleep option. So I would not have to wait around all night. And bow and arrow upgrades, for more damage and distance. thank you for the great work."
76561198044676510,Not Recommended,307880,19428346,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,๖Galaxy๖,"This game was fun in the beginning, it was what you'd think mostly of surviving and building shelter for yourself.But I've had this game for awhile now and really it gets so boring after while.I find myself walking around for a very long time finding nothing but deer and skeletons and boring out of my mind.This includes (night/day) both times of the day.There aren't many weapons or tools in the game.... With all my hours I've only seen a handful of good monsters.I would not buy this game anticipating for you to play it for very long. This game has potential although and if it does get there I will change my review but i dont see that happenining soon at there speed."
76561197973073880,Recommended,307880,15080405,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,avandol,"Very promising 3D 1stP Minecraft. Stable Alpha, workable recipes, nice world.It already has that ""just one more tree, honey, and I'll come to bed"" and of course for that tree you need a new axe and oh, you are out of stones and wouldnt a steel axe be way better anyway and the forge is almost finished too and ....Mind you, it is ALPHA PHASE! So unless you know how to alpha and beta test games, dont bother playing it.Its worth supporting it though. Could get to be one of the next big things.I am very much looking forward to beta phase and content filling. Count me in!"
,Not Recommended,307880,32810138,Posted: 26 June,all,Aralia,ABANDONED
76561198000600045,Recommended,307880,16037736,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,ArmoredBlvr,"Take ""Gothic 3"" and ""Skyrim"" and mix them together, then add loads of craftable armor, weapons and gear, then add a survival element to the mix where the day and night cycles actually bring their own hazards. Chop wood and collect flint to survive the frigid night, defeat animals for meat and in self-defense during the day, wrap the whole thing up in some outstanding programming and a graphically awesome environment and you have Savage Lands."
76561198047013673,Not Recommended,307880,30406103,Posted: 9 March,all,bearsnbeets,Wake up in wildernessCut woodFind townKill skeletonGet boredStop playingTry get refundSteam said no
,Not Recommended,307880,34313338,Posted: 17 August,all,half-meme hero,"As it turns out, telling your very limited remaining fanbase to ♥♥♥♥ off asking them to finish their game and that you'll get around to it someday isn't a very effective business strategy."
76561198035598430,Recommended,307880,15034409,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Txgh0st,"The game is still being developped and updates are farely frequent, however the idea of the game is a real world survivor game against a truly brutal environment.  I will list both Pro's and Con's.Pro's:  This game is a great concept and I believe with some changes it can be an epic game unlike any other.Con's:  You are shooting for realism the human body can survive 14 days without food, in the game you cannot survive one night even after eating 2 apples, 2 tree nuts, 2 meat.  can we make this a reasonable time say maybe 3 full days from 100% before starvation starts taking your health?Please stop the animals from running into the ocean, which kills you as well.Over all, I believe this game will be awesome just needs a few tweaks."
,Recommended,307880,23801541,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Maars_,"This is a beautiful game. People need to realize,Savage Lands is Still in Early Access.Of course its gonna have bugs, andit's not gonna be perfectly optimized.Don't listen to all these negative reviews complaining that the game is unstable and saying that it gets boring. Is it an unstable game? Yes. It's early access. Of course it's unstable. Is it poorly optomized?Of course it is. It's early access.Does this game get boring after a while?If you get bored you obviously still have tons of content to discover.Does this game get updates frequently? ♥♥♥♥ yeah. There are pretty huge updates every two weeks or so with tons of new contents and things to craft, build, discover and fight. Plus frequent optimization updates and bug fixes to go with.I'm sick of reading all these negative reviews by horde of angry 12 year olds that just got home from CoD daycare.Chill out.There's a ridicous amount of crafting to be done, items to be found, storyline to follow, creatures to kill, portals to go through, dimensions to explore, bosses to fight and underware to be changed. This is a truly wonderful game that doesn't get anywhere near enough credit.One of my fondest memories is wondering through the wilderness with my friend, having a conversation, just exploring and hunting for food. We were chatting about deer meat and sinew when suddenly.. ""EVERYTHINGS ON FIRE"" ""RUN FOR YOUR LIFE ITS SATAN"" You guessed it, we were being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a big black dragon♥♥♥♥♥♥♥To conclude this rambling, should you buy this game? Yes you should ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game why are you still reading this. Go ask your mom for her credit card  and buy this game for yourself and six of your closest friends, and maybe an extra copy for yourself. Because it's that awesome.One of the best early access games I've played, cant wait to keep playing and exploring the endless stream of new content."
76561198017615137,Not Recommended,307880,34985597,Posted: 15 September,all,ebeard,"the devlopers are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to their customers. They ripped me off, and ripped everybody who purchased this game off. This isn't the first time this company has done this, i have recently found out. They ought to be in jail for fraud."
,Not Recommended,307880,14846798,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Gadget,You will freeze to death before you can get anything done.  The game is in an extremely early state.  I would wait a while before buying it.
76561197999561839,Recommended,307880,18041222,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,2L82W8,"If you have played survival early access titles, like Stranded Deep, Long Dark, or The Forest, you will figure out the angles a little faster. I spent less than $10 on this, it is early access, and I am 2 hours in at this time.In the first 2 hours, if you stick close to the (safer) beach spawning point like I did, you will likely:- Build your first fire pit, which doubles as a crafting location- Gather resources (stones, chop trees etc.)- Learn to create and repair weapons and some clothing- Fight and kill your first boar or deer- Build your first house structure, which offers a little protection and warmth- Begin to starve, which forces you to venture into the interior before you are fully ready- Die, either by cold, starvation or creature... as you realize too late you need more food- Respawn, and live again, wiser this time (and better equipped, if you can find and loot your old body)During all that time, there was a constant feeling of being watched by creatures that lurked further into the island - and a sense that sooner or later survival and wunderlust would force you toward those dangers. If you have played The Long Dark, this game likewise will not let you get comfortable for long.Crafting is on the whole is satisfying so far (multiple things to make to achieve the same purpose). Artwork, physics, and performance seemed quite good for early access. I have not tried multiplayer, but I assume that will add layers of fun.At $5 per hour (so far, and that number will go down) easily one of the better purchases I've made. Looking forward to seeing this one develop further."
76561198165970190,Recommended,307880,24085114,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kfried,"I like this game. I love the concepts, I love the environment, it does not love me though. Good, I like a challenge.For an early access I admire the dev team dedication to this, I support it wholeheartedly, if they can pull this together then it's a wonderfully engaging game.When you first get in then the early access aspects of it are obvious, the creatures do wierd things when trying to kill you, the wild boar will do a growl and then fire off three rapid jumps down the road. Wolves will growl at you and pounce on where you are standing, if you move anytime between the wolf getting ready to attack and the 30 second warm up routine before it does then you are treated to watching it jump into empty space, at which point you smack it (if you haven't figured that out then you were eaten by your first wolf).You will freeze to death the first time you are in thereYou will freeze to death againYou will starve and freeze to deathYou will begin to know what you are doingYou will know why you froze to death, you are learning, freezing, and learning.You will figure out the crafting system and make some stone toolsYou will freeze to death again.So after much of this, you eventually build a place and start getting armour together.You will go adventuringYou will find Kruul and you will take him on with the stone axe you made.You will dieYou will try and retrieve your stuff, Lord Kruul will kill youAt this point you begin to understand that you need to think about what you are doing and why. You need to plan your moves, or you will die.You will build stuff and become stronger. You will venture forth with confidence, you will die again. I love it.The game has its bugs, but I'm confident that the dev team are comitted to this. I do recommend it, certainly if you like to see something being made and anticipating how the next version is going to take it, it's an adventure in its own self.If you like finished products, this isnt for you, it has a way to go, but I am already hoping that there is a version I can run on a dedicated server, I need help beyond the first island."
76561197976775794,Recommended,307880,15531663,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,korama571427,"Started with old crap....Ran over to a big rock.Found stones and flints.Made axe and chopped trees.Ran toward dragon tower and found a town.Found stone sword on ground, YAY!Poked deer butt with sword.Cooked deer butt meat with campfire.Night comes....Fully armored skeleton and big wolf double team me and have me for dinner.Circle of life 10/10"
76561198101454057,Recommended,307880,15037934,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Lothahn,For an alpha you this game is already playable. very few bugs. Great concept. I would recommend this to anyone who likes survival games and is into the fantasy type of games.
76561197990163873,Recommended,307880,14863469,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Chris Justice,"The storm had been savage, the ship lost and no sign of other survivors.  I crawled away from the icy water onto the desolate shore.  It was cold, so cold.  The wind howled around me carrying tiny frozen shards which pierced me like a needle.  I was desperately in need of shelter and warmth and hunger was coursing through me.  I made my way along the beach picking up useful looking stones and pieces of timber as I went but the cold had numbed my hands and I was struggling to keep hold of more than a few items.It seemed my luck might be returning when I stumbled upon an abandoned fire next to a crude shelter.  The fire had long since extinguished but the timbers which remained seem dry enough to light if I could find a way.  My fortune continued when I discovered a small stone hammer and axe lying next to the shelter.  With the hammer I managed to chip away some flint from a nearby boulder.  Sparks erupted as a struck the flint and finally faint wips of smoke emerged from some dry moss at the base of the fire.  I nurtured the tiny flames and soon they grew into a roaring fire.  Life flooded back into my body as the warmth embraced me.  I stayed next to the fire staring out across the ocean for a time but I knew that I couldn't stay here forever.  I had to keep moving, to find proper shelter and food.With a heavy heart I left the fire and grimaced as the cold tore into me once again.  I walked for what seemed like hours without any signs of life when all of a sudden I caught a sharp movement up the hill to my left.  I hid behind a bush and watched as a deer emerged from behind some nearby trees.  In my weakened condition it would be a struggle to catch an animal such as this when it ran but a series of bushes allowed me to sneak close enough to launch an attack.  As I leapt from cover I muttered a prayer to the high father R'ahkselt asking for his guidance and protection.  My first blow landed true and stunned the beast which gave me the opening I needed.  I rained down a succession of strikes with my axe and soon the deer collapsed dead.  I scavenged the corpse which provided me with plenty of meat and some leather hide.  I carefully extracted the sinewy tendons for when dry these would make adequate binding materials.Unfortunately I was not the only hunter that day.  As I was finishing up with the corpse I heard a snarl from behind me.  I barely had time to turn before a ravenous wolf fell upon me.  It was all I could do to raise my arm so that his teeth which were for my neck, instead sunk into the flesh of my forearm.  I struck the creature several blows to the head with the axe in my free hand and it soon shared the fate of the deer it had been stalking.  Using some cloth I had picked up on the beach I managed to bind my wound and stop the bleeding.  The wolf carcass provided me with yet more meat and hide, a fair trade for the wound it had inflicted.The adrenaline coursing through me had blinded me temporarily to the cold but it soon set into me again with a vengeance.  The dense foliage around me made me wary of further wolf attacks so I turned back towards the shore and started clambering down the hill.  I was almost to the water when a clacking sound stopped me in my tracks.  From behind a nearby boulder emerged what I thought was a man but as I watched I realised that this man had long since lost the flesh from his body.  A skeleton, an animated corpse.  What kind of fel place had I been stranded?  It seemed to have not noticed me and knowing nothing of how to fight the undead I decided to sneak away.  Was this a freak occurance or was this land infested with more of these shambling horrors?  I was certain I would find out if I lived long enough.After walking along the coast for a time I found the ruins of a small stone hut, the roof which had long since decayed.  Even so this offered more protection and shelter than anything else I had found so I decided to make it my home, at least for the night as I noticed the Sun was rapidly setting over the distant horizon.  I set about gathering wood from the trees around the hut and soon had another fire warming me.  I cooked the meat of the deer and wolf I had killed earlier and vigorously tore into it, satiating my hunger for the time being.The darkness had now set in completely and I dared not venture away from the fire.  At night the freezing conditions had worsened and who knows what manner of beast was lurking in the shadows.  Perhaps the fire would keep them at bay...perhaps.  Some time later a noise startled me and I leapt up, axe in hand.  A shadow approached but when the light of the fire bathed the figure I was relieved to see that it was nothing more than a deer.  I relaxed and welcomed her to my home since it would need be a good idea to go chasing a deer through the forest at night.  Unfortunately the deer was not alone.  She had innocently come to investigate my fire not knowing that she was being followed.  I had only just sat back by the fire when the wolf leapt from the shadows towards me.  The deer bolted into the darkness leaving me alone to deal with this rotten carnivore.  As he bore down on me I managed to kick out and knock him away but in doing so I fell towards the fire and burned myself.  As I cried out in pain he leapt again but I rolled aside and took up my axe.  We circled one another for he was wary now and not so eager to attack.  In a moment of madness I charged forward swinging my axe in a huge arc which cleaved into the beasts shoulder.  He howled with pain and rage and bit into my leg as I pulled my axe from his flesh and struck again with a final killing blow.I slumped back breathing heavily and assessed the wound on my leg.  Luckily I had some cloth scraps left over from earlier and managed to apply them as a makeshift bandage.  I had no idea of the time but it was still pitch dark with no sign of the morning light arriving to comfort me.  This truly was a savage place and I found myself questing my resolve to survive here alone.  No.  I must remain resolute.  The dawn would arrive soon and with it new opportunities.  Surely there must be a settlement here where I could find aid?  A howl in the distance. More wolves.  Another howl much closer this time.  Snarls from the darkness surrounding me.  I pick up my axe and look all around.  There was still no sign of dawn.'You survived for 1 day'TL:DRPicked up some rocks and sticks.  Killed a deer.  Killed a wolf.  Made a fire. Killed another wolf.  Got killed by more wolves.10/10 will get killed by wolves again.I suppose on a serious note it's worth saying that this game is very much an alpha so don't expect polish and tons of content.  What there is seems decent though.  Animations and combat are a little clunky but the foundations are there.  Crafting and gathering mechanics are pretty solid.  The survival aspect of this game is brutal, at any given moment either the cold, hunger or bloody wolves (or worse) are trying to kill you.  If you're unlucky all three at the same time.Tip of the day - don't run into the Sea."
,Recommended,307880,16036177,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Marinxar,"Woke up naked on a beach... seems like I been in such a situation before. hmm.... Anyway, so I am freezing my butt off, and build a campfire. Nicely warmed up, I thought I would explore a little and get food. Some rags over my back and a axe made with a stone and a stick, I set off. Not for long. Off in the distance I could just make out the wings of something so massive it dwarf the mountain it seem to perch on. Back at the campfire and new set of pants, I head out in the other direction. After running after some deer with no success I came upon a abandoned village with only couple of wonky skeletal defenders. So I triumphantly claimed the village for myself...not for long. The skeletal warriors returned, armoured and with proper war axes. So back at starting point after not surviving one day, I am left to rethink and better plan my strategy for next attempt.So next attempt....not for long. Thought I would see if there is seafood. Hypothermia soon answered that question.12/10 So far."
76561198106951447,Not Recommended,307880,30421303,Posted: 9 March,all,Turiaca,"I bought this game about a year ago and at first I thought I would enjoy the game. Although there wasn't much content at the time it seemed promising, there was a whole list visible to players of gear, unique materials, creatures, and buildings that would be available in future updates. Well it's been a year and there are practically no real changes to the game. maybe 1% of those yet to arrive bits have actually been added to the game.Short of a day/night cycle, a couple enemies, and a tower with a dragon on top, there is nothing to speak of. MINIMAL amount of story telling (told in notes left around the island) and no real direction in the game beyond build a hut, make a sword, kill a skeleton and try to kill a dragon. Btw there isn't any clear path on how you get from killing a skeleton to slaying a dragon that can insta kill you.The only real change to speak of is the landscape. Before it was rather large, (I completely forgot it was an island). Then all of a sudden it was a very very very tiny island. That's it. That and one pathetic boss battle were all that was added to the game. Seven Days updates their games more in a month than this has in a year.I regret buying this game. I deeply regret it and wish I could get my money and time back. There's no real work going into it, and it's just depressing to come across it in my library. I avoid it at all costs.Do not buy this game. It's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,307880,18907682,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Doom721,"I can't reccomend this because even though I had a four player game going with friends I couldn't seem to find hardly any content at all. I mean baron, desolate.There were tiny dogs near the coast, some skeletons, and a few ents. One village. We wandered for an hour straight through endless generic woods only to find apparently some sort of skeleton boss, whom is same as the other skeletons with a slightly bulkier armor, and a charging attack.We crafted our armor, hunted generic deer, stayed in our first village. Saw a dragon on a tower we couldn't interact with and just wandered hoping to find something...anything....I feel like the mechanics are there, the crafting, the survival. Maybe needs to be tuned to be more difficult but there is a serious lack of points of interest, and meaningful enemies/combat."
76561197987138689,Not Recommended,307880,14810625,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Hyena,"Ok...initially this was a long-winded review about how fragile most of your tools are, this is no longer the case, as it seems the released a patch to make the tools a little more sturdy, finally players like myself can break the unending cycle of rebuilding their tools, and focus on the next hurdle: rebuilding campfires. Despite stating in one of the patches that campfires can now be relit, theres nothing to suggest thats possible in-game...this is likely one of the things they should add to the tutorial, because i'm sure i'm not the only person who was standing, staring at the campfire, trying to relight it with everything I had in my inventory.Deer and the like are now easier to kill, you'll still have to run around in a potato sack for clothing and a half-broken stone axe instead of a bow to kill them, its just faster now, I think wolves have less health and deal less damage (I forgot most of the patch notes pretty easily) hard to tell the difference honestly, even harder to tell when you're actually injured, given theres no animation or recoil for when you're actually damaged, though your eyes start bleeding when you hit about 30% health, so theres that.All in all the game is starting to make things a little easier for the starting gamer, and after a couple hours I finally found a town, only to have my face bitten off by a zombie dog. I will not promise anything about this games future, I don't care what the developer contacts me with, I don't care what the community says about it, but until I see the words ""early access"" removed from the games tags, I have about as much faith in this games release as DayZ, but for now...its playable atleast, moreso than before, out of a potential 10, its probably a 6, not great, it doesn't excell at what it does, but its not horrible either.P.S.To back up my claim about the survival genre, try this: click on the survival tag, and...say until page 3/4, count how many games have early access in their tags...or better, count how many don't, and you'll see why i'm skeptical of this one."
,Not Recommended,307880,26699447,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Alpharius,"I dont really write reviews but for this one I will make an exception.I got this game when it came out 4 years ago, yes for 4 years it is still in EA.They had a lot of promises, a lot vision to fulfill, clunky but fun mechanics which made me and my brother kinda overlook its initial flaws, but hey it was still in alpha back in the days. I was still high school. Now I am an engineering junior and when I launch this game all I can think is, ""Man... I am getting old, like really old... 4 years right off the bat in the blink of an eye..."" So does this game, it got old even before it came out as a full game. The development is painstrakingly slow and the dev team appearantly dont really know what to do with the mess in their hands, yet kudos to them they could have abandoned this nonsense of a game a long time ago.The graphics were okay for a pre-alpha game 4 years ago but now, the graphics are just plain outdated, even the 2009 Dragon Age Origins rocks much better than this. Gameplay, nonexistent, survival mechanics are too punishing for a beginner and you have to lick the ground many times before you can grasp what is going on.Of course I didnt put so many hours in this game but the fact that any computer other than my super saiyan fails to run it and I cant play it with my friends and my brother (which was the whole goddamn point of my purchase 4 years ago). I couldnt play it back in the time and cant play it now. Terrible optimization and resource utilization for a game in development and milking money out of people for 4 years... Dont make the same mistake and try to put in money to encourage some promising idea only to be failed like me. This is just another No Man's Sky..."
,Recommended,307880,18245733,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Rambler,"Everything about this game is challenging. 25h in and I'm completely amazed by it. Your only true objective is to stay alive, which can be tricky when you're walking around with nothing but a compass as reference, shivering from tha harsh cold of the Sundered Isle, with wolves silently stalking your every move. You should also watch out for the sky, fire may drop upon you at anytime. Kur does not take any free folk wandering lightly.The game is still in Alpha phase and I'm not even close to being done with its current content. And I can only hope for more and more of it.Great job, Devs. Keep it up."
,Recommended,307880,28444370,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,🌸shawty🌸,a flying tree killed my friend
,Not Recommended,307880,18893875,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Zoochery,"I don't understand all the positive reviews.  Granted, I only wandered around for about an hour, but in that time I completed every item on the ""beginner checklist"", and then went on to make a base and hunt quite a few different enemies.- The building system, crafting system, and the map are all complete rips from The Forest.  An exact copy.- The art isn't great - it looks like old Unity 4 graphics, before Unity spent time working on PC shaders.- The animations also aren't great - they look like they were bought from an asset store.- The AI is incredibly simple and lifeless.  Every enemy in the game walks up to you, waits 2 seconds, then attacks.  It repeats until one of you die.- The inventory system is painful to work with.- There are no other features in the game that I can think of.  I crafted armor, weapons and food, I built structures, and I explored and killed enemies.I'm not going to reference all the bugs and odd game design choices (like spawning an advanced weapon next to where I first spawned) since it's Early Access.  The graphics and the animations I can also get over since it's Early Access (though the developers behind this game aren't indie and won't improve either category before launch, I applaud them for taking advantage of this marketing tactic).However, the outright stealing of not only the concept but the implementation of this game's core features (building, crafting, map) is appaling.  I don't see any way for this game to rise above the other 400 piles of crap that have hastily flooded the 'Survival' genre looking for easy money.The first response to this might be ""well you haven't tried playing online with others - that's where the fun is.""  Why would I want to repeat what I just did with others?  It's still the same crap AI, stolen building and crafting systems, and empty, desolate environment where the fog is so heavy you can't see more than 20 meters in any direction?  Why does the developer need to rely on my wanting to kill another player (or build something with him) in order to have fun?  Bottom line, I'll go play ARK or Rust or The Forest or one of the other 400 Survival games that have done all these things much better.Even though this is Early Access, no developer is going to fundamentally change all of their core features prior to ""launch"".  I expect almost no changes or additions to this game for a long, long time."
76561198035474663,Recommended,307880,15847121,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,tedwilliams,"Still in early access and yet the devs are great and so is the community.  Game gets better with each week's updates.  So much promise...worth getting in on the ""ground floor"""
76561198100180998,Not Recommended,307880,34379961,Posted: 20 August,all,La Machina,Same as many posts before. I didn't see a future for this game.
76561198045184997,Not Recommended,307880,29591521,Posted: 30 January,all,Ninjasolo,"When it was in early stages it was really fun, I don't know where you went wrong but the games just not as fun anymore. I hope you fix this game because I really did enjoy playing it a few months ago."
76561198016186371,Not Recommended,307880,30546906,Posted: 16 March,all,Ph0sph0r1c,"This game is abandoned. If it does ever come out of early access, which is doubtful, it will not be any less of a mess than it is now. Steam is also not issuing refunds. Looks like 10 bucks down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for me."
76561198056928006,Recommended,307880,25098385,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Dark Firebrand,"While I had fun with friends playing, this game is, or was given that it's still evolving, a fairly brutal challange. Once you start exploring deeper, small checkpoint houses and respawn points are a must. the 4 pack is there for a reason, bring friends and this becomes much more fun."
76561198072955727,Not Recommended,307880,28912502,Posted: 1 January,all,II_ReTaiNeD_II,Just purchased the game and only the host is able to see enemies / creatures etc. I had a look at the forums and this bug has been present for quite a while. The game is not playable as co-op and therefore a complete waste.
,Recommended,307880,15029039,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,OatHead (10r0),"Super fun game, ridiculous amount of potential. Graphics are beautiful.This is an Early Access ReviewGame could be improved by:- adding new/more diverse enemies- tightening up the craft menu (perhaps searching/filtering by ingredient)- tightening up combat- adding things to build, like a CASTLE!!!- allowing you to tear down a structure you have built, getting a portion of the materials back- allowing you to complete structures you happen upon, like stone houses- ability to build walls (ensuring you can connect them to existing walls)- ability to craft traps- weapons with more reach (great for slow enemies like skeletons)- maybe a hotbar with more than 5 slots- revise the armor, either reduce materials or increase durability (wolves shouldnt scratch my metal armor)(i know this is coming in an update, i hope it works out well)- i havent seen any boars or bears, are they implemented?- farming... my diet of meat only can't be good for my GI tract.- ensuring that all houses connect to the ground on all sides, so my stuff doesn't roll out the bottom gap- DUAL WIELD! two axes would be a great way to make sure wolf is what's for dinner.- ability to reignite torches- ability to destroy things permanently (instead of building a house to keep all the skulls in)But yeah, i dont even really like survival games, but this one is quite fun for you and a few friends."
76561198030241522,Not Recommended,307880,33598287,Posted: 16 July,all,Reject,"So I bought this game pretty early and never really got into the multiplayer which was never really my goal in the first place but I would've problably played eventually. When I first bought the game it was described as the cross between skyrim and minecraft, and even though it was slow and there were no real NPC, it was good. I got to play around with the concepts and explore a bit, which was fun. However, when they released one update (I can't remember which because I had stopped playing for a while and a few had been released in my down time) I could no longer play the game. It turned from a more realistic looking game to a cartoon with high graphics quality, which my computer can't run (Idk why cuz it runs higher def games fine). Either way I want the base game back bc I enjoyed it and I could actually play it. I can't remember how much I paid but I kinda want it back because now its just wasted money."
76561198091395632,Recommended,307880,15553935,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Brica4,"Very good game. Not complicated, but plenty of things you have to watch out for and learn about so you are never bored. Go exploring, but be careful. Or build your own town."
76561198021605465,Not Recommended,307880,32650075,Posted: 22 June,all,SugarTKE,Abandonware.
76561198141204736,Not Recommended,307880,17418096,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,dieselguru,"Very little content, slow updates with little new content being added, has great potential but as of right now, potential is all it has."
,Not Recommended,307880,30857002,Posted: 31 March,all,AdonaiChai,Never buying Early Access again. Game is broken and Abandoned. Buyer beware!
76561197986365521,Not Recommended,307880,35164306,Posted: 23 September,all,Diarrhea Cactus,"Abandoned by the developers.  Another warning to EA buyers, don't buy into something until its finished."
76561198005517894,Recommended,307880,19504066,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Patton,"I'm a survival game junkie. Played 20+ of them so far. Rust being a favorite for a long period. But this game stands out. The atomsphere in the game is very well made. And it's very challenging to survive in the beginning. You will die a lot, but will eventually understand what is required of you to survive. Game engine is rock solid. No noticible glitches. Sound and animations are pretty good. Even beats Rust in same cases."
76561198073718935,Not Recommended,307880,23412395,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,MrGrimReaper,"This game can be fun with friends but after a while gets very boring, not to mention the optimization for this game is terrible. I cannot say i have ever seen a big update for this game in a very long time. Also I have noticed a huge lack of information on the wikis regarding things in game, even noticed some things in game that never appeared on any wiki.If this game can start pumping out some updates and some bug fixes then I would say try it but at the current state this game is in and how development is moving I cannot recommend it.*EDIT* 3/9/16So since my Review there have been a few updates addressing bugs and crashes, but sadly the game still runs pretty bad my friends and I get major FPS drops even though we have pretty decent Specs. There still isn't very much to do in this game and gets boring real quick, there are games out there for the same price that are way more fun to play.I still stand by my original review and do not recommend this game unless you have a disposable income. I hope this game gets out of EA eventually but I am afraid by the time that happens there will be bigger and better games to play."
76561198073648775,Recommended,307880,16005341,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Suma,"EDIT 06-07-2017:Don't listen to the posts stating that this game is dead.  There is a post as of today from one of the dev's explaining what they are working on.  There are 3 builds available to play.  I played this game today and it is still a great game in the making.  It is fun and way further along than the last time I played it.  The dev's are active and this game is still alive and kicking bootie! AND IT'S FUN!!!Old Review:WOW!  What a fun game!  This game has enormous potential!  Even in it's current Early Access state it is really FUN to play and has a lot of content to mess around with.  I felt like I was playing a new Elder Scrolls game with a rogue-lite twist! It's pretty awesome IMO and works great! :-)  It is a very atmospheric game!  Checkout my screenshot right before sunset:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=452300583In just my first hour of playing, I  setup camp.  Went exploring and gathered supplies.  Crafted some items and weapons.  Found a deserted town.  Killed two skeletons, saw some huge flying creature atop a tall black tower.  Then I ran from two skeletons! lol   Didn't get away and died!  Respawned and looted my dead body.  I got everything back that I lost and the random loot in the area had respawned!  Savage Lands is really FUN to play!  The game name suits it perfectly!I fully recommend Savage Lands to anyone that likes this new genre of survival game!  It is really fun in it's current EA state and will only get better!  It shows signs of professionalism and these dev's mean business!  The game Rocks!  If you have been following Savage Lands and have thought of getting it... Don't think any longer! Buy it! You won't be sorry.  I'm very happy! :-)The game runs silky smooth on my iMac at full 2560x1440 resolution!  Here are my system specifications: Apple iMac, i5 Quad-Core Intel processor 3.1GHZ, AMD Radeon HD 6970M with 1GB dedicated video RAM, 4GB system RAM, 1TB hard drive running OS X version 10.6.8 (Snow Leopard), Journaled HFS+ Extended file system, Logitech optical mouse.The game runs on my older laptop also. It's a little choppy, but it runs in 1280x720 resolution!  Here are my laptop system specs:  Apple 15"" PowerBook Pro, Intel Core 2 Duo 2.66 GHz, 4 MB system RAM, NVIDIA GeForce 9600M GT with 256MB dedicated video RAM, running OS X version 10.6.8 (10K549), HSF+ Extended file system, Dell 24"" External LCD Monitor.Edit:  I am still playing this game on and off.  It's a really hard game in single player.  You're constantly gathering supplies!  You also need to keep a fire going in a camp somewhere near by or you'll die from the cold.  You also eat like a freaking elephant and need food every 5 minutes!  You're constantly dying from either hunger, cold or both.  It's pretty hard IMO.  Almost too hard and takes away from the fun."
,Recommended,307880,19238302,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,lordnune,"Fun game so far, looking forward to more updates.  It is a lot of fun when playing with friends, not quite as much when playing solo.Grinding through resources can be a pain, hopefully they will address this by allowing them to respawn at some point.  Maybe add more questing and story to the game as well.  But as it is, for an Early Access, it's quite fun already!"
,Not Recommended,307880,26073970,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Artorias of the Abyss,"Came back to the game a year later, nothing changed in the the game and the multiplayer have incredible lags, this game went a step back during a year of development."
76561198066855929,Not Recommended,307880,31713030,Posted: 12 May,all,Malakite,"This developer seemed to care.  That all changed though and they gave up.  Clearly they are failures as developers.  Do not waste your money on this game.  It has been abandoned, shame really since it did have some interesting potential."
,Recommended,307880,14830944,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,TheRealKimmiebear,"Revised Statement:  The game has been upgraded to be much more playable.  I think the developer listens to us and really is working hard to make this better and better!  Thank you to the developers!!!Game Start Up Time:  I have to say it was good until I tried to join someones server and there I sat for a while.  So I started my own.Survival/Crafting:  Definately is a sandbox crafting survival game.  Don't expect others to feed you because there is not much food to go around, you need to get out there and chase some deer down.  Playing with others did help because a lot of people shared what they could.  We all helped each other.  You practically need others as the game is that hard.Please can we have a basic club to start with.  Getting Sinew is so hard in the begining.Settings:  There are plenty of settings to help you scale the game up or down to your computers capabilities.  I was a bit amazed that I had to turn the settings down as I am running a Mac/Windows Dual Boot with 16 GB Ram and a Solid State Drive.  At the higher settings it was very laggy for me.  Most games do not do that to my machine.  So I hope you have a decent machine or are willing to turn the settings way down.  That being said I have overloaded my comptuter with Game Development and 3D Graphic Software so maybe it is a bit overloaded with programs and it may have nothing to do with the game, just being honest.  Daytime nighttime is not settable but I wish I had more control over how long night lasts, it's really long and I hate nighttime, you freeze too much so you can do very little during that time.Play:  Yes it is playable but be prepared to die a lot.  Basically I played all day and accomplished very little due to dying a lot.   I was glued to the game since it was so fricking hard to survive and to my medival brethren who joined me in suriving the harsh weather and we all were whining about how hard it was to survive but secretly all hoping they really put some more work into this game because it has a lot of potential.  I was able to get a large group of people together and we build a makeshift town at the beach.  It has a really great potential to be as good as say 7D2D ""but"" it does need to be updated to be more fair and more accurate especially regarding materials and weapon durability as currently they are very unfair and not very lucrative making the game painfully difficult.  Having lots of players does make it a bit harder to get some resources but I know the developers will hopefully improve the resources.  Especially food needs to be more resourceful.  I died so much from hunger and cold.Lag:  There was a small amount of lag, but all in all I was able to serve the game easily to about 8 players with small amounts of lag from time to time on my mac with a dual boot of windows.  It was served on the windows side of things.Environment:  Top notch, very pretty, beautiful water effects, beautiful landscape and buildings, very difficult to see past clouds, smoke, etc.  Really gorgeous and somewhat like Skyrim.  The buildings are really nice and unique and it was fun everytime we finally did accomplish building something.Building:  Building is fun but hard because the bigger buildings require so many materials however lots of players will work together if you open a server.Characters:  There is only a male character so far, he looks great, armor can be made or won for him but mostly we all ran around naked in a loincloth because nothing lasts long on this game or you lose it really fast.  I would really like to see a female character made.  You lose everything when you die...good luck finding your body.  Not sure about the dragon yet, he has not attacked me but he does fly around so keep your eyes up!Crafting:  Crafting already has a lot of recipes and I liked everything I saw ""but"" crafting is near impossible as it is near impossible to get much done or saved at all.Loot:  Everything you get is at risk when you die, which is like really often but it is fun to steal other peoples loot when they die and when they spend all day finding it and you see them come back and it's gone, you at least help them by giving them their hammer back haha.Tools:  Need work on making them produce more or making them last longer.  Nothing lasts long and it is a BEAR trying to survive.  When they said Savage lands they meant it.Interface:  Very nice, kudos for a nice looking interface but we need a loot all button, come on people it takes forever to move your junk from your dead body to your new body.Bots:  There are plenty of wolves, deer and skeletons around to fight, hunt and the like.  I did see a bear but never got to him.  Deer are skittish but can be gotten with some work.Survival:  Your life sucks to be the character in this game, it is very, very hard work to survive.  I almost felt like saying I hate this game a thousand times but honestly I really liked it.  I know eventually they will pull it together and make it perfect.  But until then I will hate it and love it because of it's current state.  I really felt dissapointed at the current state of how hard it was to survive.Over all, I think it is worth the money if they continue to upgrade and work on the game.  I loved it and it was really something I would love to play again and again if it were tweaked and tuned better.  I hope to see more content added in as it is pretty fun!MY personal review:Game: 6/10Scenery: 10/10Character Development:  5/10 (hope to see a story line develop - and hey lots of us gamers are girls - we need a girl model)Crafting: 7/10Survival: 5/10 (needs work - its very difficult)Kudos to the programmers, they are doing a great job!  Keep it up!"
76561198057273486,Not Recommended,307880,31689217,Posted: 11 May,all,james27,highly unplayable
,Not Recommended,307880,14832012,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Lucky9000,"The game tries to copy from RUST, The Forest and Skyrim and fails miserably.1.Punching bushes that has terrible hitbox only gives you 1 stick.2.Mining rocks show no changes at all, hell RUST did it right.3.Cutting down trees in the game is just like the forest only difference is you gotta give it at extra hit for it to finally break into piecesThe trailer looks nice and so are screenshots but once you start playing everything thing looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the water is still nice thats really the only good thing about the game, the water. I wouldn't even recommend it for free, chances are this game will be dropped or in development hell like a lot of early access games."
76561198028094322,Recommended,307880,18055185,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Xzibit,"From the brief amount of time i've played this, I can already say that this game is awesome and will be something great in the future. However, what this game lacks most is Reason to play Singleplayer (Multiplayer is 10x more fun), Optimization (average 25fps on populated servers, though to be fair, my PC isn't all that poweful), and Engaging combat (cannot block, and attack animations are clunky).  It makes up for these few demerits with everything else the game has to offer. I'd definitely recommend you buy this game if you're a big fan of fantasy and survival."
,Recommended,307880,20616184,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Punching Pete,"was worth the buy, got my time out of it. easily 20-30 hours of content, friendly community thats more than willing to help usually if you need it, so if your thinknig of buying this game i'd say give it a try. this games got some real future potential.few things to note for beginners:night time is when all the really bad things are out more frequently, and in packs.making friends makes for faster progression.(refer to 1)everything collectable has some sort of use, that includes all bushes as destructable objects.the beach is the best mining area for quick ore, and gems only come from huge rock formations, typically ""pillar"" looking stones.their are doe and bucks as the deer in the island, the bucks you gotta sneak up on, but the doe are dumb as bricks and you can almost wail them dead in 3 shots with early stage tools 9/10 times if you can get infront of their face to redirect pathing.you can throw stones, their not really that effective as a damage weapon, but their reusable as long as you find them all and they provide a lot of stagger.berries cure disease.making our dragon overlord kur angry is a bad idea, but you can collect scales from the towers when he leaves which make high end items, or can be used as a trading resource, people prefer ore though.armor wise ebon steel has a very high upkeep, so id say its only a boss use/crowd armor, use one of the other sets by preference to keep your repiar bill low.armor will obsorb damage before you take any.live inside your blacksmith, works just as well as a house.you can make your pine chests can store bags full of items inside them to maximize storage.resources don't respawn as far as i know, the method of farming is creating a new world if you don't want to exaust the one you want as ""Home""-MAP of the island,v4 Credit:Apophiss & MythN7http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/389916836634115531/9169FA3081239C479E8B1943D88E66AB06DFA164/?interpolation=lanczos-none&output-format=jpeg&output-quality=95&fit=inside|1024:*any questions about things i may not have posted, feel free to mail me and ill get back to you asap.i might even toss you a few items if i have the time."
76561198116492961,Recommended,307880,16072963,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Tarfun,"A Thoroughly decent, unique survival game; it feels different enough from other games in the genre to justify buying it, whilst also being actual fun! The map is large enough with an interesting approach to crafting meaning one can create their own little village wherever they wish.Unlike other Minecraft clones you don't focus on mining, or chopping down trees (though they are both importnat) rather food and cold WILL actually kill you, meaning it shares ties with the Long dark in the sense the environment is actually a danger to the health of your character.Also there is a dragon.10/10 Worth a buy."
,Recommended,307880,18333611,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Slayerino,"Still a small project, but with great aspirations to be a nice survival game.It has a nice engine, not so bad graphics and a capacity to take you of the reality world when in-game.The monsters are very well designed and their appearance is frightening. The items are varied and require not too much time to achieve them.It must have many improvements, but the relation quality of game/price is high.I definitely would recommend it.7.5/10"
76561198053653124,Recommended,307880,23469103,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Agrias Oaks,"Savage Lands is a fantasy, survival, crafting/building game. Reminiscent of games like RUST, and ARK, or even at times, similar to games like Minecraft. Savage Lands features some realy wonderful aspects, and a challenge that is sure to be rewarding when you succeed. You're stranded on an island (procedurally generated) and it's COLD! As you try to survive, you must gather wood, stone, ores, and leathers to build fires (for keeping warm), structures (again, helps you stay warm, and lets you build a base of operations), tools, weapons, armor, and lots of other items. The crafting is robust, and fulfilling. The gathering is beautiful and less monotenous than games like Minecraft. As you start to get better tools, weapons, armor, and a base, you are able to take on bigger challenges, and eventually, you move on to different areas and really lets you feel progression.Pro's:Strong Survival Elements (You are constantly getting cold and will die if you don't warm up. Clothes, and fires, and houses help keep you warm)Strong RPG Elements (build weapons, and armors, and fight enemies and get stronger to take on stronger enemies!)Great Multiplayer (Whether playing with friends, or strangers, the multiplayer is VERY rewarding and fun. Surviving is always better with a partner.)Fun Server System (You can create your own server and make it public, you can turn PvP on or off for extra challenges and even a fun role playing (pretending you're the actual character, not a player in the game, but the person surviving) experience!Con's:VERY High system requirements ***Game is not very optimized (Even on low graphics settings, you still may experience some lag or hang ups)  ***Secondary Notes: (not pro's or cons)Frequent updates and patches (with a timer on the main menu showing when the next update will be) show that the devs are active and trying to offer the best game they can. Sadly, they aren't working on some very important things, like optimizing the performance. Also, because of the poor perfomance on most machines, some people are unable to play (I can play just fine, but I was not able to play with my brother) and this makes some people upset that they can't play with friends, or even they can't play themselves. The game is absolutely terrific, but it requires an omnipotent machine to play.***EDITSThe system requirements have been fixed, and this game is far less taxing on your system. They've also worked wonders with optimization as well. This game is better now than it was when I purchased it!"
76561198043113526,Recommended,307880,25746448,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Xenaa,"So there is a bit of a 'mixed' review for this but I'm going to start by summing it up.Yes. I highly recommend this game.I was looking for something to play that was multiplayer but more coop without being forced to be online with others or have constant server wipes. A server I could run from my house but have the experience of crafting, surviving and hunting on our own without others coming to sabotage us. Just us against the elements. This game has it.Let me start off with: Yes it is early access. Yes there is bugs. Yes there are glitchy animals (that have been addressed by the devs as an issue) Yes, there is not that much to do just yet. BUT. In 25 hours we managed to go full speed, two people and not complete the game.If you are looking for a competetive game without constantly dying and restarting and being able to steal resources for others. This is not the game for you. Now - on to the review.Multiplayer: There is public servers or you can set them to be friends only or password. We constantly played multiplayer and found no issues connecting to each other. Even hopped on to some public servers to see people helping each other and working together.Crafting: The UI has seen a major improvement but could still use some tweaking. There is a crafting journal for buildings where you have to put down a 'holo' version of the building then you feed it materials. Armor and other things that don't go on the ground are crafted at a crafting table, forge, and so on. There is not a good sorting system, just one long list. Things are a little difficult to find but there is a LOT of stuff.Enemies: There are a number of enemies in the game ranging from easy, slow swinging to crazy run after you and blow up for 90% of your life. If you die instantly, you will know you're in the wrong part of the game. Try somewhere else! Some of those enemies are dangerous animals such as bears and large saber like cats. They hurt a lot.Food: There seems to be a small issue with how the animals spawn sometimes and you might clear a place of deer and get no more spawns. This seems to be a bug remedied by just reloading the game or starting a new map. There is other ways to get food such as berries. There is 'salmon' but there doesn't seem to be a way to fish yet.Survival: There is freezing to death, starving to death, bleeding to death, poison, so on. Have warm clothes. Oh yeah there's also 'encumberment' to an extent. Heavier armor you run slower but it doesn't seem to make you really slow or be anything past just slower run/swing speed.Very realistic to a sense. Being inside buildings makes you warmer, standing next to a fire makes you warmer, running into a frozen lake makes you wet and cold very quickly. Eating warm food warms you slightly. Fur on armor is warmer then cloth, so on.Buildings: The buildings are all placed and preset. They range from small stone shacks to large 3 story 'castles' However you can't modify them at all. But you CAN...rip down an entire town if you're patient enough and make another one yourself! Walls and everything included.Minerals: Ores have a spawn location, once you find them they will forever respawn at that spot. This could be good and bad, they have a decently long spawn rate and there isn't many of the later ores. This makes the later armor a bit of a grind since they need a ton of stuff. However, while you gather ores, common enemies will drop rare items and you could stumble on some rare special items and even bosses!This game DOES have a good story! Read the notes you find, it does have a bit of a spooky/creepy undertone which is amazing! Night does make you creeped out and enemies running around in the light of the fire sneaking up on you are freaky!Graphics....Graphics....I can't say more. This game is BEAUTIFUL. I have a good gaming rig and have to tone the graphics down a little to run smoothly.Overall: Amazing sense of progression. I got this game for 7.49 on sale but would have gladly paid the 14.99 for it...even 20! Support the Devs! I can't wait to see more of it!"
76561197970834739,Not Recommended,307880,34247177,Posted: 14 August,all,stevehl,Would Be Nice if you Finished it it's only bean for ever!
76561197994474003,Recommended,307880,16067222,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Clamdigger,"This is one of the best survival based FPS game Ive seen in over 15 years of online gaming. Its a bit brutal maybe for a new player, but you quickly learn to constantly work towards your well being and survival just as you have to do in real life survival situations. The graphics are gorgeous, the enemies are fun, and the devs are very active and constantly improving the game. Highly recommended."
76561198081014221,Recommended,307880,21373859,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Meme Machine Chebardio,"This game is like a very beta version of skyrim, but it has a lot of potential"
,Recommended,307880,16114391,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Baka,This is like hobo Skyrim without NPCs and story + Minecraft/The Forest/Rust.Game has a lot of potential and devs are really active in looking for and adding suggestions to their game.Love it 10/10
,Recommended,307880,19109026,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,{L) {B),A very fun survival sandbox game. This is like minecraft and skyrim in one
76561198019529719,Recommended,307880,15122178,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,atlas78.1,"I have only just started playing, so far it's not that easy to play, it leaves you wanting, which makes me wanna keep playing.. fights are juuuuuuust right, not to easy, looking for loot is funny, find a million stones, but the moment I started a stone house I found 300 logs, 0 stones?!  I am anxiously awaiting the update, which will provide bow and arrow, make hunting fun I hope.All I was missing is a safe haven somewhere, a fire leaves you warm but vulnerable, in some cases IMPOSSIBLE, a house will leave you frozen to death. Also, some furniture would make sense, as people lived there once.. a cupboard, chest and torch fixture e.g, and NOT freezing in your house would perhaps make the game more fun for a wider audience.. something with settings, easy, survivor, savage, or some such.This game is already cool, I can't wait to see how it will turn out.Tuesday 31st; updateI read a bunch of reviews about this game lacking depth / story, but I suspect that is forthcoming. In fact; the best part can be getting lost in the woods, looking for other settlements, encountering strange towers, and sometimes just actually getting lost and runnin into a bear.Earlier today I had packed LOADS of stuff in flesh bags, and dragged it across the middle past the dragon tower looking for an alledged ""stone city"" which obviously brings to mind a Markarth like setting. After about 10 minutes I discovered what I thought to be a second dragon tower, YAY says me, turns out I cirkled WAAAAY around, found the same shanty town again. rotting flesh and a million skulls still there, singing praise...Ow and I found the safe haven I was missing, just build a blacksmith :P"
76561198119692289,Not Recommended,307880,17424514,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,kissyface,"I want to love this game (and perhaps I shall when it is finished) but as it stands right now. I do not. Not even close.There is no customizable character options. Sure, lets be a bald white man! Thats what I always choose when I play games. Although to be honest, this is something I could live with if some of the other issues were addressed. The graphics for your character are pretty retro though I must say. Which leads me into my next statement ....The graphics do not look even close to the screen shots above and it lags horribly even with a pretty up to date build. Perhaps this is something that will be rendered over time as more updates come but for the price its just dissapointing at the moment. I would also love to see come controller support.The check list they provide at the beginning of the game is pretty basic to start off. I guess it is supposed to be a tutorial of sorts although I didnt find it helped me in the slightest.Just the usual stuff was on it, go find tree, cut down tree, find stone .... and so on. I couldnt even find a single deer to hunt and I searched the island for at least 30 mins.No check mark for me.I did find some sort of village with zombie skeletons whom I assumed were trying to attack me but got stuck behind a fence until I walked over and bashed them to death with my axe/mallet. I would love to see some better NPCs and battle mechanics. Perhaps some defending, crouching, sprinting, anything else really. After defeating my fearsome foes I was hoping I could loot some goods but alas all the buildings were pretty  much empty of all goods and decorations. Just ""wooden"" boxes. Very cookie cutter. :(This game has so much potential and I want to see it come to life. I hope the next few updates really bring it in terms of upgrades because I feel like this could be so amazing."
76561198126419631,Recommended,307880,16048892,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,axewielder,"Savage Lands offers the following:*Hours of dedicated fun with a feeling of accomplishment*A Savage wilderness,untamed  and dangerous,for you to explore*A Real chance to be lost after being sidetracked by your prey*Play at your own pace,equipment and materials and even chopped trees are where you left them when you return*Customize your own camp,grow it into a village,even a town*Hunting,mining,crafting,lumberjacking*Exploring,freezing to death,dying from hunger,being killed by savage beasts!The game is worth it,even as it stands.I Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,307880,19141483,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,UND3AD PANTH3R csgoroll.com,(things i liked) #1 it has a great graphics #2 you can play the game for hours and not get bored #3 great crafting system #4 really cool mobs #5 its early access has lots of room for improvement the gm actually listen and msg you back (things i dont like)#1 mobs arent very fluent they will not do much like a deer will walk right up to you and not run away till you hit it #2 it gets laggy if you dont have a good computer #3 there are not very may things to craft or build once you build like 10 difrent things there nothing new to do and crafting is the same(but overall its a fun game so i do recommend this game cause it has even alot more potenal than most survival games out there) hope you like my review  and thought it was helpful
,Recommended,307880,20194468,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gosedre,"First, this game has a lot of promise. I hope that the devs are dedicated to see it through to its full potential. Overall, the game has a very good feel to it.I don't have any major complaints for this game that, at this point as an Early Access game, would be a dealbreaker and they're mostly asthetic complaints--the way that buildings sit on hills, etc; these are things that can be, and I'm sure will be, fixed easily.The minor complaints:* Hunger also seems to progress quickly, although I haven't tried to quantify it in any meaningful way; I shouldn't have to eat several pieces of meat during the night to stay alive, and* I shouldn't be in a perpetual quest for more cotton, which seems very scarce but very needed for bandages and cloth strips, and many times I will find a cotton bush only to have it drop zero cotton.Things that would be nice going forward:* Being able to sleep part of the night away, say if you're full of food and in good health,* More content,* More monsters,* More crafting items, and* More building items such as walls, pike torches for some visual security at night, etc."
,Recommended,307880,14887271,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,DAT BOI,"3/14/15: I found this game while searching through the Steam sales randomly. At the time, it was only $15 rather than $25. I looked through the screenshots and video and my first reaction was ""Wow this game looks like Skyrim and Minecraft combined. And it has multiplayer!"" I told my friends about it and they thought the same thing. So we all decided to buy it and jumped right into the game. After playing the game for awhile, here are a list of pros and cons I have noticed.Pros:-VERY fun playing with friends.-In game chat (a pro but you will want to use TeamSpeak or Skype instead).-Quite a large world already-Graphics are great for early access (if you have a powerful computer).-Variety of weapons, armor and misc craftables.-Crafting is straightforward and simple.-A challenge many games don't have.-Mulitplayer is easy to set up/join.-Create your own spawn point.-Characters and their items transfer across all servers.-Real fight for survival.-Searching for materials doesn't feel very tedious.-Shelters protect you from unwanted visitors.-Dragon!-Many updates and fixes to come.Cons:-Poorly optimized currently.-Random spawm points (sucks when you want to find friends on a new server).-The best armor wears away quickly when attacked.-Lag spikes when many enemies or items are in the area.-No map to speak of.-Deer run into the ocean.-Haven't been killed by the dragon.-Game crashes randomly.-No real use for shelters yet.I recommend this game in the current state it is at for the $15 I paid for it. However, I would wait for more updates to be released to feel like you got $25 worth of content. Definitely convince your friends to play it or else you might get bored/lonely.7/10 currently, but I believe this rating will go up as more updates are released."
76561198127939301,Recommended,307880,16018161,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Tessa Brooks,So far though i have only played a little bit i think this game is great. It i adventurous like Skyrim and is an open world survival like minecraft (but a lot less blocklier) I don't have anything else to say except when you pause in single player  could you make it so that the whole game pauses? I tend to pause a lot and it kind of is a hassle to exit then rejoin.
76561198004535877,Recommended,307880,18671700,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Lord_Tellyin,"Only 3 hours in, but awesome concept and game thus far.  Very immersive, gritty feel to it with an old school RPG style.  Helpful community too, Lelando the II is the man."
,Recommended,307880,18362468,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Justin J (PuNk),CONS:animations need a little workgraphics are ok but could be a little betterperformance is a little jumpy (i'm sure it'll be fixed in future patch)PROS:craftinghuge open worldmore monsters/enemies variety than the forestbuilding basehuntingsurvivalmulti playerdevelopers are helpfulconstant bug fixes/patches
76561198329060961,Not Recommended,307880,33750125,Posted: 23 July,all,Nozlen88,"Abandonware....don't waist your money.Dumbest AI ever in a game, my 6 year old son has no problem killing top level monsters in this game because it is soooo easy and all monsters have the same dumb ai script.This game would not even be worth a FREE install it is so badly done."
76561198030246089,Not Recommended,307880,31520746,Posted: 3 May,all,0perator 88,Apperently It's abandonware.A shame. I really liked the concept of this game.
76561198066890570,Recommended,307880,17403019,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Wind,"Early access review, I will update it when the game officially releases but these are my thoughts right nowSavage lands drops you into a medival island where youre the only human around. Deer, wolves, and bears seem plentiful but there are also monsters that roam around (more commonly at night). Skeletons seem to be plentiful in certain areas but and most people will find that unfightable dragon within the first hour or so. The forest giant which is seen in the trailer is probably the most interesting enemy Ive encountered so far both from a gameplay and aesthetic perspective.Crafting is kept simple by not revealing recipies until after you've gotten some of the materials for it. I found this a nice way to do it because I wasnt wondering ""where do I get this and that to make this"" since usually I had already collected those materials. You can make all sorts of weapons, armor, bags, and buildings. You can even make your own town if youre so inclined to gather all the materialsThe game also runs pretty well but to be fair I do have a GTX 760 with 16 GB of ram. Theres very little that doesnt run well on my PC. Ive heard that the game is poorly optimized for lower end PCs but I havnt had that issue myself.The graphical fidelity of the game (detail) isnt all that great. I would compare it with textures that are somewhere in the 2007-2009 era but that said the aesthetics (art direction) is pretty spot on. The shapes of buildings, ruins, towns, enemies, and more make the game feel like your in a european island circa 19th centuryIn my experience the game is pretty bug free at time of writing. The only bugs Ive run into so far are graphical ones like a tree I chopped down disappeared. However to be fair I still consider myself in the ""just starting"" phase so well see if that changes.Perhaps the biggest praise I can give the game is to the developers themselves. They seem very active on the steam forum addressing questions and listening to feedback. I wish more developers were as involved in the community side as these developers are.So bottom line: Is it worth buying?Well I picked it up on sale for 8,99 and thats a little more then what lunch costs me. Ive had more then an hours fun with Savage lands so yes, i think its worth a buy at the sale price. However for full price...honestly I would say wait and see how development shapes up."
76561198007738270,Recommended,307880,14972796,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,DigDug74,"This game has plenty of potential. Pros and cons galore. Let's start with some of my very own game play.- Armor doesn't last long at all. If you like crafting armor then this is the game for you.- Adventuring. So much to explore. Not even really sure how large the island is but I get lost frequently.- Hosting is an issue for me. I'd like to be able to host for more than just 8 people. So far thats all I've seen are 8 man server hostings.- Mining rocks, this is questionable on just what you may or may not find. Ores are the most sought out pieces for me. Always making new armors because they take just a few hits before they are broken. Don't know if rocks respawn their ores. Needs to be taken up witht he Devs.- Fun. It's a game for me. I like it. can't wait to see how the community grows on this one. Community is key here."
76561198055665457,Recommended,307880,14847985,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,NetCrasher™,"After the disappointment of The stomping land i deciced to spend $60 on a 4 pack of this game. Do i regret it? Well not at the moment. So far this game has a great setting to it and its content is not lacking. Considering this is a very new release i was impressed by it. No Dinosaurs but at least the Devs are active. For the moment. There are bugs (duh) but they will be eliminated.There are some annoyances though. The hitboxes in combat seem fairly sluggish, Eg Skeleton being able to hit me without me being in melee range, making it really difficult to fight really anything with out lossing hp. So no strafing. So ill cut my review short there. But overall ill recommend you buy this game for yourself if you like Skyrim or rust cos this game is somewhat simular to those games. But the best experiance is to play with friends."
,Recommended,307880,14749588,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Sheriff Thompson,Rust meets Skyrim!  Awesome game so far.  Well worth the price of admission.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21gZZLlyoSIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFh4NH3y_ao&list=PLM4vT_e7ufv-KVloD6Lo3S_QRkQnCgPA6https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ta3mBkZ5sQw&list=PLM4vT_e7ufv-KVloD6Lo3S_QRkQnCgPA6
76561198067794495,Recommended,307880,14815128,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,mrCN138,Played about 3 hours so far and it seems pretty good :) obviously for alpha its not that diverse and the content is not much but it has potential ;) I think there needs to be a stanama bar with improved running. It sems to take FOREVER to get places.... Especially to chase down deer @.@ also of course you need a bow and arrows added to the game ;) Just please... NO ZOMBIES!!! There are WAY to many zombie games out there... this could be unique if you left it a little fictional but mainly realistic.
,Recommended,307880,14755182,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Axe22024,"Rarely do I purchase a game on its first day, but I made an exception for Savage Lands. I have been looking for a Co-op game like this to play with a friend, so we both took a chance on it......and we love it! This game has major potential provided that the devs listen to the community and do not sell out to any big companies.Complaints:1. It becomes extremely laggy when looking at fire and when getting close to the ocean.2. When hunting the doe, they lag forward and backwards and become unto a reindeer and fly up into the sky.3. The crafting for the armor is a bit much for as little as you get when you mine for it. My friend and I mined for about half an hour and still did not have enough to make armor.4. When you are chasing the deer they can run into the ocean, extremely far into the ocean to where you cannot get them. I died once trying to chase one into the ocean and because when you look at the water it becomes laggy I died trying to get back to land.5. One of the funniest things happened when we were attacked by a bear. But even that had its problems. The bear was incredibly laggy and jumping every which way, it caused our frames to drop VERY low and made it difficult to run let alone fight the bear. And finally, the bear is horribly overpowered; one hit from it took more than half of my health.Approvals:1. This game is like a crossover between Skyrim, Minecraft and The Forest. The crafting system is very in depth and makes sense unlike other games of this genre.2. There is no, or very little, lag when playing in a Co-op server which is very, very nice.3. The huge world size and all the things you can do in this game with it only being in alpha.4. The homes you can build, although that needs some work, are quite adequateRecommended Additions:1. There should a long range weapon of some sort, a bow or slingshot would be preferable, I would press for both additions as slingshots would be a pretty nice addition and do not really get much use in video games.2. Maybe a mount of some sort?3. A Dungeon system that you could explore and find loot.4. The ability to place fire pits or have a fireplace inside the homes you build.5. A way to find friends in a Co-op game modeAll in all this game is one of the only games I have paid over 5 bucks for in about 2 years and I would happily do it again. I only played for around 2 hours and can tell that this will become a favorite.As a plea to the game devs, please do not add any DLC that adds to the game in momentous proportions or give other players an advantage over each other. Other than that this game has my support as of now."
,Recommended,307880,16762234,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Yusrin Hadi,Its like The Forest.But multiplayer.Set in Skyrim era.With SwordsAnd Dragons.Crafting is so much easier than The Forest or Stranded Deep or 7 Days to Die. Extremely user friendly - Im a noob crafter.Hunting Deer with Bow and Arrow is awesome. I wonder if you can do Fishing ?Played 2 hours with a friend. Already got a shack and Forger. Will probably get a castle tomorrow.Best Rock Mining Simulator10/10
,Not Recommended,307880,26278199,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Hapa,"TL;DRJust don't.This game, in its current state, is a joke, a bad one. The store page says 4GB of RAM, but if you have 8GB it will eat it all and crash your computer. The sad thing is the devs know it, and after a bunch of ""new builds"" this horrible memory leak is still present. It is completely irrelevant if the gameplay is good, the crafting is ok, and all other aspects seems fine IF you can't even load the game on your system, it is just a pile of garbage sitting on your hard drive. I'm sorry, this was one of the games I had some high expectations. There is absolutely nothing in this game that justify anything more than 6GB RAM. Nothing!I can't recommend this game in any way. To keep my sanity, I'm just uninstalling this until a final release. For now, just don't."
,Recommended,307880,29617774,Posted: 31 January,all,OriginalXTS,"As beta, which is more like the older version, this game is fun in MP and alone.  My husband and I network the game, playing together..  Can't always loot your kills though.. but the version that is not beta, I do not like at all.  The beta is more like the one I began playing when I first started LONG AGO.. and I like the beta best.  Today is 31 Jan 2017..I don't know if the reviews are for the regular version or beta but I recommend if you like the older version to just change it to beta..Yeah, I really do not like the regular version at all.. Just clarifying how much I don't like it.  Beta, for me, is the way to go! Hope they don't let go of the original version...."
76561198194870910,Recommended,307880,22168620,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ELSBCore,"10/10 Would die again! :DIn all seriousness though, this game still has lots of room for improvements like having traps and fences (those dire wolves scares me sh'ee'tless at night, sneaking up on me), mines and dungeons, more range weapons and arrow types (adding status effects like burn[fire], poison, etc.), better turning/rotation animations for enemies, improve character customization, improve for performance and so on.But all that aside, this game is real fun."
76561198091703283,Recommended,307880,17429190,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Batato,"Its a great game with lots of potential but i think it needs more npc people in single player ,a story and more customisable player characters"
76561198042739213,Recommended,307880,14850335,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Mahtioh,"Love the atmosphere of this game and the survival difficulty keeps you on the edge of your seat, it is well playable in its current state and on 40% sale at the moment cant go wrong. I think the clothing items degrade too quickly at the moment and I spend most of my time running around naked but I am sure this will eventualy be re-balanced. I would also like to see an aditional clothing slot for cloaks as you would need one in these harsh weather conditions. I think it would also be good if they added more cave typologies for shelter and bear spawn points. I am excited to see how this game develops it has so much potential."
,Not Recommended,307880,31389583,Posted: 27 April,all,DeadlySaint,"*In a nutshell, you take a risk with Early Access*I purchased this game sometime in 2015 and played a few hours. I had been itching for a Skyrim-esque survival game and  Savage Lands had potential. The gameplay was rough around the edges but at least progress seemed to be happening. I uninstalled it but checked the page now and then to see how it was progressing. Now fast forward to today when I came to visit the page and see what the latest updates are... you know the rest."
76561198006412514,Not Recommended,307880,30684059,Posted: 23 March,all,Formy Zee,Steaming pile of.....broken mess.Abandoned in favour of another project..Good job ruining your reputation now and forever.R.I.P future projects where you are involved..
76561198065223081,Not Recommended,307880,34968027,Posted: 15 September,all,zinniaowleye,"While this game definitely has some cool stuff going on, it is very difficult in a way that I find to be laborous and frustrating rather than interesting and rewarding. It would benefit a lot from some sort of character progression system so that you don't loose quite so much of your progress when you die."
76561198137200707,Recommended,307880,20854365,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,CJmineoct,"This game has lots of things i dont really love, but i can play this game for a while and not get bored.If you like games with vibrent green leaves, and shining blue water, your looking for the wrong thing with this game.At the moment, everything is either white, grat, dark green, or a mixture of those things, but the game has perks that othergames dont. for a game like this, it runs well. also there is alot of stuff to do, and it takes a while to do it.Also this game gets updates regurly.CANT SPPELL FOR SH##"
76561197997844880,Recommended,307880,19203980,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,frank,This game is totally awesome! Created a black hole in my life for two days after  I got way too involved in it. Time just seems to disapear while you play it. Everything about this game impressed me.
,Recommended,307880,19191608,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,jlquigley,"I actually find this game really addicting. Definately am liking where this is going. However, I'm starting to find that everytime I load my saved game, I crash immediately and have to create a session."
76561198015343686,Recommended,307880,14897133,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,filmogriter,"OK, early access. I've played a lot of the early access survival games and there's a few out there with much potential. SAVAGE LANDS seems great so far.Once you get a good system of gameplay happening then you have the opportunity to begin exploring and working towards crafting better gear. People who complain about losing everything when they die need to learn to strategize so I think that kind of argument is invalid.I've read some mixed reviews on this game but for me, so far, what these guys have given us is solid enough. I hope they come through with their update promises (looking forward to a bow).Well done so far devs and if you continue through to full release this game will top the list in survival games. I purchased on sale and most likely wouldn't pay the $25 pricetag for any early access game. For early access I think devs need to carefully consider their pricing.Anyway, I look foraward to seeing the updates continue to roll in."
76561198060945798,Recommended,307880,14850075,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,NoFace,"Let's start with saying that this game is early access, so there will be bugs. But new updates and bug-fixes are released all the time, so the devs are realy working on this game, wich is nice.The second thing I want to say is: You WILL die! End of story, you simply will die! Not even Bear Grylls would survive this. on the first try. If the hunger doesn't get you, I bet the wolves or sceletons or those god damn bears will. And if you manage to survive all of those ordeals, the cold will kill you in the meantime. The good thing is that if you manage to find a village or maybe build a home, you can build a respawn point, so each time you die you will still have your stuff you have gathered and you home will be there.This game is a typical survival game. You gather wood/stones/food and alot of other stuff. Then you craft things like weapons/armor/buildings and try to survive the hostile environment.The crafting system is fun and rewarding, with alot of different things to craft.Another good thing is the night/day system. During the day you can run around and hunt or gather stuff or even explore. But during the night, it's a different story. It's very cold so you need to keep inside and have something to warm you. And the night brings out some scary creatures too.All in all I would recomend this game to people who like survival games. But remember: This is not a fully completed game, so there will be bugs/glitches/not very well-thought-out ideas that have ben implemented in the game.But if you don't mind that it's a great game already, and it has alot of potential to be even better."
76561198063302218,Recommended,307880,19137725,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,sofakingweetardit,"I have played this game non stop since i got it, its worth every bit of $15. The team behind it is really working hard. If you like survival games then get out the credit card."
76561198048448030,Recommended,307880,14987969,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,thecrashninja,"First things first, this game is designed to kill you...That being said this game is also ALOT of fun. The crafting is this game is very nice, and the gear that you can make is pretty impressive.   The duribility of gear does tend to drop pretty quickly though ( please buff gear duribility devs ).  All in all though this game is alot of fun and I must tip my hat to the devs of this game and I am excited to see what this game will become in final release.Thecrashninja"
,Recommended,307880,14928867,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,aced4evr,"I general the game as a premise is actually very invigorating and has a lot of excitement and urgency involved. I like the realism of the survival situation quite a bit because it makes you think on your toes. While I know it's not a finnished game there is a LARGE list of things I would say should REALLY get added into it to make it a quality game. It is very bare bones at the moment with little technical things like option screens and whatnot, which I understand, but as far as things I hope they're going to add as far as polish, I would very much appreciate an intro (though skippable) or SOME semblance of plot, and some reactionary voice acting from the player character would also be lovely, in addition to some lil tutorial bits, tips and pointers. Next, inventory. It does make a pretty fair amount of sense as is, with logs counting as whole objects and smaller things being stackable. The only thing I would say however that REALLY small items like berries, nuts and leaves shouldn't actually take up any room. The real issue I find however is the hunger clock. In general it's just far too simple to have any semblance of realism. You're constantly ticking down in a way that doesn't have anything to do with your activity level, and at an insane speed. You can litterally starve to death before the day is even over. (What am I a shrew?) The player already has quite enough to deal with in trying to stay warm and actually develop a camp. What I think it should contribute to, which would make the game much more realistic is an energy quality. The fuller the player, the more able they are in doing all their tasks, (makes a lot of survival sense) That way, in a sense of efficiency there's still quite some urgency to get food, but it's not constantly life or death. (Cold is in fact a much more immediate concern and could probably stay as is.) Now in relation to food, we'd have to mention hunting. This game's hunting mechanic is probably the silliest I've seen... in any survival game ever. You chase deer with a sword, and hit them in the but. They only reason you can actually kill them is because they're utterly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  You don't have to sneak, you don't have to set baint, you don't have to aim, and the only thing around are deer and wolves. (both of which, should be in all honesty an very rare thing to just ""stumble upon"" every time you run backwards into the forrest) So in general it would make a lot more sense to have a more trap-reliant system, with more small game, and more nuts and berries, roots and tubers, and for larger game it should be MUCH more difficult and MUCH more rewarding. (vs, ""Oh, I killed a deer by walking up to it and hitting it, guess that's only enough food for like the next two hours or so"") a carcass dragging mechanic in some form or another would also be good. And sinew is guts... all animals have guts (and bones), not just deer.  I noticed there was a compass somewhere in this game, so I'm not sure how that works yet, but I think a good positioning system that wouldn't take too much away from the feeling of ""lostness"" would be the ability to make a pinpoint on say like a shelter and it will keep track of the relative direction of that point. Not distance or anything relative to any other object, just ONE point, (just... give em SOMEthing please) Then, last but not least. Why in the heck isn't there a sleeping mechanic in this game? Am I litterally just going to have to be awake for weeks at a time? The shelter's are almost completely useless without it. Don't I get tired? Can't someone die from lack of sleep? Also can we make like a box please at some point. I do very much like the ""vicinity"" mechanic, but it does get kinda messy. Overal I think the game has a lot of potential. I wouldn't say that it is ready as-is, by a long shot but I've still enjoyed it quite a bit thus far."
76561198060506055,Recommended,307880,27605496,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ebonyize,"WOW....This game is brutal, immersive and scary.It is definately geared for players who like melee raw aggression, raw survival. You need to be.The challenges are all hard choices to make.you blow it you are dead  that's it.Has a long way to go but for early access WOW this game will cure your boredom. It is hard. Oh yeah this game definately matches its title."
,Not Recommended,307880,19383273,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,LunaPanda69,"this game hasn't really gone anywhere I feel like maybe it was a waste of money,This Early Access game is not complete and may or may not change further.  <----    I guess with that they are allowed to sell games at full price and NEVER have to  finish it, its sadBelow is what my response to a so called Devolper asked and I have yet to see  this game do anything stand out or new and inventive. The game should be free to  $5  max  and all or anything to do put out that is already out there in every  EVERY EVERY other game should be free updates (when ever they happen) also he can keep having his Fanboys say my review is not helpful all he wants,  still don't help his cause :D I will just put a new review upHe used putting a new Engine in as an ExcuseThe Unity 5 excuse is just that, an excuse that many game makers will use. (this  is only an example not directed to you or the game but a generaliztion) Many will  say that they are moving to a new engine and then nothing is done or moved  forwards or they will resell that new version to even the old people who played  the ""pre"" updated. I am glad however that you state that your company/game will  not be doing this. That in my mind is another reason to revisit your game and to  possialby change my outlook and review. I tend you be more lenient to honest and  upfront Developers :)He said they are doing differnt builds, but adding a .1 .2 .3 or other higher  numbers after a build by adding like 1 or 2 litle things doesn't make it a good  updated game.Well for one thing, it wasn't a build from that long ago, unless your saying it  has taken months and months for you to this Boss Encounter? So only thing I  didn't play yet was this Boss thing and will need to (again like I said) re- explore the landscape, as for the new items were not really that big of a change  from what have looked at, more basic things in a common game. As for the  creatures I do like a few of them, more added engagments are always a plus. So  again from what I have played your game does not stand out in any way then all  the many many games that are out there. I do however feel that your game does  have potential but surely a long way to go.I will have no problem revisiting your game later, I will have time in about a  week to do so, I will see what has been added and if its really being impoved and  it contiunes to devlope then I may change how I feel about the game. Problem is  from what I played and from the games out there, this game does not really stand  out. It also has way to go and with out real advancement, but again I will take  the time to play it and give it another go. Also, is this trasnsiting to Unity 5  the excuse your useing for not contiuning to impove? I have seen companies who  say ""but we are putting it into a new engine"" then later put out another Verison  of the same game but with HD files and better and then CHARGE people who already  have the ""old"" version and walk away from the ""old"" version with the ""new""  version and make bank while selling both and getting away with it. Time will  Tell.(later on) I did revisit, still think and feel the same, nothing new, same game  like the thousands of other games out there just like it.  OH WAIT...this is all  winter where most other games have differnt weathered seasons. hmmm....Time has told, and its still a game that feel like a retextured generic game like  many others.  wish I never got it, but live and learn right? !  :DAlso, kinda funny how the developers are all playing ARK: Survival Evolved , I  think they are to busy trying to copy as much as they can from that game then  making thier own game better.  just a thought....P.S had to make a new review because the developers and fanboys all tried doing  thumbs down on my review because they don't want people seeing and bad reviews.also I did a bunch of Achivments so this way they can't do like they are doing to many people and say well if you try it now we can look at your achivments and see how far you got in thier bad game. I guess they want proof that you wasted your time.  oh well..."
76561198043782849,Not Recommended,307880,16940155,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Esteban Failsmore,"Note to self- dont waste money on early access games.Now for the rewiew- Textures are really ugly. Fps is bad. Animations are atrocious (character uses bandages by eating them). Survival is easy- food is plentiful and not very hard to find. Combat is boring- you simply m1 things until they (or you) die. Wolfes will always hit you, boars and skeletons are quite easy to avoid by simply moving backwards.No building customizatin- you can only build a few different houses (wooden boxes) that has no windows and floor (snow clips through the roof btw). No furniture expect for chests, you cant even make a bed to rest through the night.Very rough game that gets boring really fast. It has SOME potential and i can only hope that devs will make it more interesting in the future. 3/10"
76561198026797086,Recommended,307880,20241272,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Gameking30,If you like chopping wood and aimlessly roaming for some form of challenge and entertainment then this game is for you. I get my 10 dollars worth out of this game. I never expect it to be finished for the promise of frequent updates has been broken.
76561198032599146,Recommended,307880,16023332,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Black Handcraft,"Attacked by wolves - Bled to death, ran into the water - Froze to death, lost my weapons - Starved to death,10/10 for 'Life in a student house' simulator"
,Recommended,307880,18981545,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,SJcostner,"I am loving this game so far... however, there's been a recurring glitch that's happened that'd made my experience a bit more frustrating (yes, I do understand this is a beta so I mostly just wanna let you guys know it's happening!). I've been playing on my brother's server and, after placing my items in a box, he quit and I was booted a few minutes after doing that. We started to play again on that same game and all of my items I placed in the box were gone.Still! I love this game and I'm excited to continue exploring."
76561198025109788,Recommended,307880,14945066,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,heavymetalteacup,"I can't negatively review this game because honestly, I find it fun.  It didn't cost much, and some improvements I'd hoped to see quickly actually came with their latest patch, ""....which was nice. "" /Fast Show UKWhat do I expect from Early Access purchases? That fundamentally, the game is playable (for me, it is). I'm entertained, and find it relaxing to stop thinking about stressful real life crap and just come in here and think, instead, about stressful imaginary crap. So, there's that.  I think it's off to a good start, and I think I'll keep playing, and see where things go.This review has been amended 20-3-2015 following updates that actually gave us some of the items I listed below.******************************************************That said:Does it need more refinement? Yes. Could it use more depth? Yes.  Are there some illogical elements insofar as what can/cannot be crafted? Yes. In what world can I build a house with no shelves? Forge armour and not craft a ranged weapon?  (yes, I know they're coming, huzzah).Is the weather and landscape lacking a certain degree of variety/dynamism? Yes.  It looks like Skyrim now and then, in some semi-modded capacity...or more accurately, Skyrim: Groundhog Day.  It'd be great to see some climate variation, even if this is meant to be a cold island, light/clouds/tones of the sky still change from day-to-day in the real world.Buggy? Eh...I find minor things - one crash the other day, trees that are apparently made of indestructible material, and the wolfskin helms that bug out and hide your head.   On the whole it's worked fine for me in that respect.Assuming my bows and arrows show up soon, (and honestly you can kill deer without them easily enough, but it'd be a nice touch), this is my wishlist thus far:1) If I decide to plot a house, I'd like to decide to UNPLOT, (or even unBUILD) it at some point. I made the mistake of dropping a stone house plan nearby, only to see it bug out half a metre above the ground, and apparently I'm stuck with it until we have a way to undo these - bleh. Kind of a landscape killer there, guys. EDIT: 20-3-2015 - Building diagrams can now be disassembled by the player by hitting it. Nice one. Thanks for that.2)Houses need the ability/capacity to have fires, or at least hang torches, inside them. I get that wood=fire, but again, if we can craft homes of stone, we can craft FIREPLACES of stone, or at least firepits in homes that include the means by which air/heat/smoke can escape, surely. It's not necessarily about having a fire to keep warm, if the home is providing that benefit - it's about that elusive fine line between ""survival"" and ""surviving very nicely, thank you very much"".3)As others have suggested, craftable forges would be nice so that players can live where they like and still get this done without travelling to them. EDIT: 20-3-2015 - loving the blacksmithing addition; this gives you not only a craftable forge at a location of your choice, but doing that gives you another heat source, indoor light, as well as a windowed dwelling of sorts.4)I personally think the ""hunger"" timer is too fast - even if you're cold and running around all day, I'm pretty sure you can't eat 5 entire deer, a bucketload of tree nuts, 5 berries and two wolves without at least needing to unbuckle that armour and have a good lie-down.  Conversely, I think the cold timer is pretty spot-on, ESPECIALLY once you gear up a bit, and take the time to whack a few trees for some nuts while you go out hunting - it's very manageable indeed. EDIT: 20-3-2015 - hunger timer improved somewhat/some minor food improvements made. Huzzah.5)IMHO brewing would be cool. Humans have managed to make things-to-drink-out-of-other-things from the earliest days of civilisation.  Perhaps a mechanic where drinking anything alcoholic gives you a boost or small benefit - but at a minor cost to body heat.On the whole, I find this is a promising title and I hope the devs STAY ON IT and flesh it out a lot more. If they do, I think it would have a solid audience looking for something that brings together building/survival and that lovely feeling of an older world.I'm sure there's more, and I'll come back to this eventually, but I've had fun in here, will continue to do so, hopefully.*****"
76561198044421867,Not Recommended,307880,32407413,Posted: 14 June,all,Kenji,Good thing the refund button still works!
76561198048014882,Not Recommended,307880,32368394,Posted: 12 June,all,SuperAwesomeDude,Wish I could refund this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,307880,32398889,Posted: 13 June,all,Kristo,"game had potential, appears to have been abandoned. took the money and ran, sad.refund pls?"
76561198023528028,Recommended,307880,14872896,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Dark-Fox,"This is a very fun game, and seems to have alot of potential. It needs time to be fully realized ( an balanced) but the foundation for the game is there, its very solid for such an early prototype.As with all early access games there is risk of the project not doing well, game breaking bugs and all the other♥♥♥♥♥♥you already know can happen. but if you can stomach it then by all means give this game a go."
,Recommended,307880,14752397,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,ifitallfails,"So far I like the fantasy/survival hybrid model. Its just released on early alpha so I understand its bugs and mechanics are going to be updated.Found the town in 10 minutes. Killed 2 wolves at once.Made a Heavy stone hammer finally.FIRE WENT OUT AGAIN?!?!?!Inventory is full, cant grab logs.Stash all my un-needed things on the ground in one of the houses. Run for more logs and stones.I really need to make a chest.Jesus, its cold.Finally have enough to craft the campfire again!Press K to craft......SLASH SLASH SLASH.Armored Skeleton chops me down.10/10 will wake up at my respawn skulls and go loot my own body.Good job so far.... just get them campfires a little more lengthy in time so I dont have to make a new one every 15 minutes.:/"
,Recommended,307880,16068984,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,AhleX,"Great game, even it is early alpha, I enjoy it a lot it is minecraft+not blocks+epic skyrim landmarks. It can become one of the best open world ever. Great building system."
76561198064542039,Recommended,307880,18870549,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Pansy-Tongue,I really like this. Although the day and night cycles are far too long.
76561198125777979,Recommended,307880,18138989,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,thatguyfromhalo,I got this game about 5 months ago and through it i was only playing single player which is fun but boring when you go on to multiplayer with friends or random people it is much easier to survive and build things faster the only thing i noticed wrong is its physics im not sure if this happens to every one else but i die randomly some times but i would still rate this 10/10
76561197960327175,Recommended,307880,15102625,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Zaraki Kenpachi,"At first glance you get a nice little quest chain to get you going. One hour into it you're getting a house, several tools and some other goodies. ""Can't sleep, wolves will eat me."" those punks come from out the woodwork to get you. Keep your sound up and pay attention to the noises around you. Otherwise, it is worth every penny. Graphics are nice but I can see the potential if it keeps getting better and better. Gender selection and a few other *glossy* touches will be nice later but for now and the fact I put more than 5 hours in from the time I downloaded it and I'm barely off the beach and just now exploring the wild. It has captivated me in a way that a fantasy survival game should. Bravo Developer for an awesome Early Access Game, I look forward to future patches. I would gladly pay $24.99 for this title as it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,307880,18245303,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Shadow Moses OG,This is a great game. Fun to play with some friends. Love the update notice on the main menu that lets you know when the next up date is. 8/10
,Recommended,307880,23258675,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,GOAT MAN,"Before i got this game i heard and saw many complaints about it. Such as it had been changed too much and now it's not fun, or the graphics are bad, etc.... But when i first played it, i immediately thought it was an awesome game. Yes, there are some bugs, but the game is still worth getting. If you get Savage Lands, i recommend researching on how to get started on a game because creating a new character is actually quite challenging. But anyway, i give this game a thumbs up!"
76561198192976123,Recommended,307880,25581821,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,BRIBOT,"Not a bad game at it's current state, though the firepit issue really gets annoying. Compared to many other games out there that try to follow this same idea of ""game type"", it's probably one of the better ones.Controls aren't too bad, I actually could play it more than 5 minutes and not shut it off because of things walking through solid objects, or animals killing me that were nowhere near me and out of reach. I don't like how things on the ground are highlighted, and labeled.  I also think there is too much free stuff scattered about, needs to be more make and create your own, not just find it. I had four axes within a couple minutes.Some other things that need work, ...enemies can't get you in the water? Some objects and buildings can't be destroyed? When you kill a deer or rabbit for example, instead of fading out, have it turn to bones at least.... looks a bit silly now. I just gutted it, but it's still in the same condition, then it just fades away... not good.What really impressed me about the game, i had a speck of life left, and a snowstorm blows in... it was so bad...it became a white-out to where i couldn't see to find the firepit!! Pretty cool feature!! One of the rare moments where you get a weather related incident that affects your life in a game like this...loved it!"
,Recommended,307880,18077134,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,MrWhatzittooya23,"Thsi game is great, graphics are great! Can be very laggy but what do u expect form a early access game!"
,Recommended,307880,18255676,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,alibane gredon,very fun game with a LOAD of content already I've had fun on it so far and will continue to have fun
,Recommended,307880,19024103,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Gamem3ch,"I never played an open world survival game before like the Forest or ARK. However, when I saw Savage Lands was on sale, I figured ""I'll give it a shot"" and bought the game. Since I started the game:I survived 8 days on Sundered Isle without too much incident. I did some exploring, some gathering, some crafting, some cooking and obviously a lot of killing. When I decided to go to explore more of Sundered Isle, THAT'S WHEN THE DYING STARTED!Killed by a wolf. The first death in the game.Killed by a pack of wolves. Second death.Killed by the dragon. Third deathKilled by more wolves. Fourth death.Killed by the cold and some unknown enemy (I'm guessing Forest Gremlin).All of these deaths happened while I was trying to go back to my dead corpse and retrieve mygear and loot. I finally gave up once it starting getting dark and I knew more dangerous foes wouldstart roaming around.Here are the Twitch links of my deaths and discoverieshttp://www.twitch.tv/gamem3ch/v/24920483http://www.twitch.tv/gamem3ch/v/24923099http://www.twitch.tv/gamem3ch/v/24924969http://www.twitch.tv/gamem3ch/v/24940528http://www.twitch.tv/gamem3ch/v/24944745http://www.twitch.tv/gamem3ch/v/24913461http://www.twitch.tv/gamem3ch/v/24915478Pros and ConsI have only played for almost 20hrs now and this what noticed so far in solo mode.Pros-1. I like the environment. Lots to explore for an Island2. Gives you a lot to do starting off3. Crafting and cooking items is not very complicated.4. The game is pretty stable on my computer for anearly access build.Cons-!. Very minimal already knowing that this is anearly access game.2. Deer colliding into the landscape and disappearingspoiling my kill.3. No dramatic changes in the weather system.Outside being torn apart by wolves and burnt to a crisp by the local dragon, I am enjoying myselfplaying this game and looking forward to seeing what the developers have in store next."
76561198021289647,Recommended,307880,17769625,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,☭Jesus,"This game needs more stuff to makeTable, Chairs, Chests, More decoration and maybe something like a tower,, A tall barricade. "" a Gate or something needs much more... But it is still Improveing.Keep up the updates!Apart from that. This game is awes0me =)"
,Recommended,307880,17686877,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,kasey1094,"I've only played 27 hours and I find the game to be a handful at first, but playing with others makes it ten times easier. In the 27 hours I've played, I managed to craft the best armor and get the best weapons in the game. It's rather dissapointing to be honest. Food is easily manageable so long as you find a deer or what have you. The cold is easy to manage as well, all you need is wood, stone and flint and voila, campfire. I can see how it would be difficult at first for some, but I found it rather easy, like I said, I have the best of everything in the game after 27 hours. It's a bit boring now, I've killed all the bosses barring Kur, the dragon, and there's just not much to do to be quite honest. The game is worth 50 hours of gameplay max right now if you know what you're doing. There are no quests other than killing the 5 or so skeleton bosses. Combat is rather plain as well, but can be difficult when fighting bears or forest giants or any of the bosses. Other than that, if you're well equipped, you'll mow down everything without losing any health. Resource gathering is easy, but tedious, most of my time playing was spent gathering materials for armor and such. Back to combat, like I said it's rather plain and the attack animations are nothing to right home about. There are no shields and you cannot block whatsoever, the archery isn't all that great and there is only one bow as it stands, no crossbows, spears or the like. You're limited to mostly one handed swords, especially the high end gear; it's all one handed swords. There are a few axes and maces, but the weapon variety could be more varied. Shields and a blocking mechanic would definitely spruce up combat, perhaps. Now that I'm thinking about it, theres so much disparity between being well equipped and not being equipped as such. For example, the savage wolf armor I wear for the most part allows me to take on huge groups of wolves without losing any health, but when I first fought a wolf with just basic clothing and a primitive axe I almost died. Now, I know you want to rewarded for your efforts in getting good gear, but the disparity from fighting one wolf and almost dying early on to easily spanking ten or more without getting hurt is a little much. Overall, the game has a lot of potential just as others have said and as of right now, if you go in alone it will net a player around 50 hours or so of gametime if I were to guess, which isn't half bad. There just needs to be more to do, combat could be made a little more interesting and more difficult when at higher levels of gear, crafting could possibly be a little more difficult as well. Through and through it's a solid game to invest a little time in so far."
,Not Recommended,307880,32515136,Posted: 17 June,all,Lexara Adolren,Fantasy Survival version of Starforge.
76561198114367934,Recommended,307880,19154176,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Voltnex,BEST GAME EVER! 1000+ stones + 2 houses + friend + 30 mins = Dead forest giant
,Recommended,307880,18029226,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Fallen Knight,Reminds me of Skyrim
76561198147715044,Recommended,307880,18147973,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,BigBen,-friend and me come across giant-dont think its a giant-spook it-runs friend over-instant death-loot his goodies-on way back to base-come across pack of wolves-oh♥♥♥♥♥♥-run away-run into another pack-15 wolves chasing me to base-die10/10 would be scared of night again
76561198151298600,Recommended,307880,18108962,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Squidnard,Amazing game for early access
,Recommended,307880,18776507,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ʸᵉᵉᵗ,amazing game seriously fun with friends and its still only early acess!cant wait for full game
,Recommended,307880,28164873,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Jako,"Potential here, but not much for now. Stay tuned for this one!"
76561198044009391,Recommended,307880,25517197,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Trollimus,"I love this game.  It's still early access, and has some issues, but overall it's a solid game with huge potential.  The devs are also pretty involved in the community."
76561198104089191,Recommended,307880,18017180,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Bushi Neko,"EDIT: Below main body, added info about crafting, character advancement, graphics.Not to copy others, but.Really a good fun time. MP and SP so far are both entertaining. It is like Skyrim meets The Long Dark.Hunger, cold ( COLD!!! ) critters.. and of course.. A mutha' of a Dragon.Online offers 'Friendly' and 'Hostile' game servers.You can simply die from not watching your cold, but you will know your cold.Currently only schniepel holding characters. ( male )Missing a few animations.. like you eat your bandage when applying.Overall totally worth it though.If you want to play online, I suggest you try it now, before everyone starts just killing everyone else.. as always happens.BTW. NO GUNS. NO MAKING NUCLEAR POWERED WEAPONS IN A STONE PILE WITH BUBBLEGUM.Pure Medieval tech.Enjoy!EDIT: Should add some info about crafting / etc.First, you learn to craft things by finding advanced materials, or finding 'things'.For example, on building the blacksmith, you can now create various ores. When you do that, you can now create higher end items... and so on.Levels, there are none. No worry over xp's and leveling a character. Its toughen up as you go!Inventory. Its actually pretty easy to deal with, and like the ol' soldiers bag of bags. You have an inventory box, in that you can put things, or bags. Your bags are in a box below, in order. So you can sort your inventory by item type etc. The only annoying thing to me, if your hotbar has an open slot and you pick up something it jumps there. I forgot that a few times and just didnt look at the hotbar out of 'forgettting' and was scratching my head looking for something... duh.Graphics. Not to bad at all. I ve mostly been playing on a laptop, and have zero load issue, zero frame freezes, your character in inventory window is very crisp and detailed, the game itself is very sharp, with a hint of 'blur' as a way of replicating the weather of frost / freezing.  I actually expect that will enhance as we go, but its very nice at the moment.Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,307880,30151743,Posted: 24 February,all,Calabro,DO NOT BUY.
76561198149054902,Recommended,307880,18188757,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,rmbxb,"I recommend this game only to veteran survival sandbox game players. It is simply too hard for 96.7% of average game players. I have made it to day 89 of 7DTD solo without dying. I have played other games hardcore, as well. But this game was almost unplayable. The learning curve is wicked hard. Almost none of the people posting game videos online have made it past 4 videos. They simply cannot remain alive.PROS: Great looking game visually even on lower video settings.CONS: The repeated use of the same trees that can be harvested gives it a christmas tree farm look at times.PROS: Great weapons and armorCONS: You can have an Ebon Steel axe or Ebon Steel Armor. You only have enough gem shards for one or the other due to fairly horrid constant repair costs.PROS: The game has a relentless feel that drives you to goals related to survival, such as warmth and food.CONS: The game is developed by devs who are like frustrated teenagers who inexplicably took viagra. The warmth and life bars lose 1 life per second at times. The devs are like the boyfriend who is premature, and the players are the girlfriends who have a moue.PROS: The crafting although basic is doable and has a need to do it to survive element to it.CONS: There are only a few abandoned buildings to stay in, requiring you to make camp fires every couple of minutes as you travel at the beginning. Also there is only one forge in an abandoned town I found to use at the beginning, and it is camped by a patrolling red eyed skeletal warrior. They are instant death at the beginning, but by the time you have chainmail and an Ebon Steel Axe, they are simply annoying, as they cause damage to your armor that is horrid to fix.CONCLUSION: Love the game, love playing it. But it is going to fail in commercial release, as it is simply too hard. Even if they put in a do this, then do that tutorial, the game is simply too hard for the majority of gamers. I had to delete my first 8 games, since bears and wolf packs camped my bodies making them unretrievable. Great game. Too hard. Loses all but the very most stubborn veteran sandbox players. Would have made it a negative review, except I enjoyed it too much."
76561198083222667,Recommended,307880,16016547,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mr. Salacia,its co op  skyrim !!!!!
76561198059619499,Recommended,307880,20489780,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Thelettuce,"Hour 1 : Awake half naked and alone on what seems to be a frozen wasteland...I do a quick inventory to prep for the inevetable.Ponytail - CheckLoincloth - CheckBlack skin as dark as an event horizon - CheckGlowing white tribal body art - CheckMain weapon / Crotch Bulge - CheckHour 2-3 : Half frozen and afraid with only my gigantic package to keep me warm, I decide to keep close to the beach. The salty ocean breeze cuts through my loins like cold air through loins. I mindlessly gather stones not realizing the power they hold over life and death.My ears perk when the wind catches the mating call of a female elk in heat (My feeding hole begins to salivate). I stumble through the brush following the scent of my four legged foe...majestic and free i find her standing dangerously alone, most likely sperated from her heard for grazing...a foolish mistake. As I peer through a snow capped bush at my future sustinance, I suddenly feel the now comfortable weight of something previously aquired...the stone.Millions of year of evolution have prepared me for this one moment, one that will define this island and all its inhabitents. Instinct takes over, my heart rate and respirations increase, my arm muscle swells with the rush of oxygentated blood, adrenaline courses through my body as I release the stone at a roughly 40 degree angle.What followed is something that will effect me forever in this world, I will never forget the sound of that stone impacting the poor animals skull, or the gutteral painfilled screams proceeding, screams that cut deeper than the cold ocean breeze. I stood paralyzed as I watched the elk run off into the foilage, disapearing as if just a dream all along..a lesson to us all.A vow was taken that day, one that will never be expunged from my soul, I am now a protector of sorts, and here is my proclomation : ""ALL YEE WHO ENTER MY LANDS TO SEEK TO CAUSE HARM TO ITS INHABITANTS SHALL FACE THE UNBRIDDLED WRATH OF MY BULGE""I do one last inventory check before my body freezes over, a new permenant fixture and warning to all who walk in my steps.Frozen ponytail - CheckFrozen crotch bulge - CheckIntegrity - CheckHonor - CheckJustice - Check.9/10 - Potatoes?Edit 1/16/2016 : Mature filter discovered10/10 (new updated score)"
,Recommended,307880,18734953,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,sodium chloride,"Earlier today, I posted a snarky, joking review simply stating, ""Why do I even bother with early acces games?"" What I wasn't expecting, however, was for the developers to actually respond to my review and ask for specific feedback. And you know what? I just gained a significant amount of respect for them. Too many people these days just totally ignore people's feedback, and it's very refreshing to see someone who cares about what their players have to say.To be honest, the problem isn't really with the game. I had to turn the settings way down to get the game to run right, I got lost in the wilderness within minutes, and I just couldn't really find anything to do. Really, the truth is I just have no business buying early access games and expecting them to be as polished and content-filled as a full game; I honestly don't know what I was thinking.Dear developers, if you are reading this: I apologize for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review. Although the game may not be up to my own personal standards, I am certain that when it is fully polished and considered complete, many everywhere will enjoy and cherish it. I wish you success and the best of luck as you continue to make games.And be sure to keep listening to feedback, 'kay? :)"
76561198039866997,Not Recommended,307880,29451059,Posted: 23 January,all,Oxe,"Used to love this game spent alot of hours on it. Now its ridiculously filled with bugs, cant fight monsters or loot them. That and everyone just cheats. if you want a good survival game with devs that care about their product purchase The Forest"
,Recommended,307880,17839137,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,NFiNiTi but with a low res pic,"Absolutely Awe Inspiring, There Is Always Room For Mystery And Horror In This Semi-Realistic Fantasy Survival"
,Not Recommended,307880,32846831,Posted: 27 June,all,Destruktorr/Spacesuit,"THE MINIMUM SPECS ARE ALL LIES! You would need a computer funded by present day NASA to play this game at frames higher than 20. Devs, if you're reading this, its time to optimize."
76561197990126871,Recommended,307880,15804325,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Hiob,"I would reccomend Savage Lands for everyone who likes open world survival games!Even as it is an early access game, there are weekly updates to solve bugs and improve the game.It is awesome that you are able to walk through the island for hours and hours and are still able to discover new stuff you haven't seen before."
76561197964232046,Not Recommended,307880,22466246,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Rainbow Droid,"Disappointed, to be honest. I've played this game on and off for nearly a year (played time is inaccurate, it's actually 15-25 hours) and it's gone nowhere. Performance is still poor, the game is still extremely limited in scope, and surviving against supernatural hordes in a ""heavy metal arctic wilderness"" is not nearly as fun as it sounds. The game still doesn't support Surround/Eyefinity, but performance is so poor even on one screen that this is somewhat irrelevant. Every time there is a new patch we keep going back to give it another chance and every time we keep ending up disappointed to find that nothing much has changed. Crafting isn't fun, building isn't fun, and surviving definitely isn't fun.Even The Forest is far ahead of this game, and The Long Dark (flaws, limitations and all) is even further ahead. 7 Days to Die is basically 50 times better than this game, and because 7DTD exists there is no reason for Savage Lands to.Deleted, probably for good. It would take 10 years of development at the current snail pace to make me give this borefest another look."
76561197962424464,Recommended,307880,19379945,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,BigBrandDeluxe,"After running around for about 20 mins, I have no idea what I'm supposed to be doing. For example, the campfire requires stone, flint, and logs. I can't find flint and you would think that stones would be all over the ground, but they're not. The graphics are amazing and I run my video settings on medium. I found a dragon pretty early on and it didn't try to kill me, so that's good.  I have a problem with the mouse sensitivity settings because I don't see a place to change it from the overly sensitive fast zooming mouse settings thats built into the game. There's not much for customization right now but I assume that will come with updates. I like this game a lot more than ARK.It's still early access and this game is getting better with every update. I recommend this game to anyone who likes survival/strategy game types."
76561198052374346,Recommended,307880,14797936,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Ris K,"Went into the game with my cousin, communicating through Skype. I'm looking around, picking up stones and ferns. Then I realise that there is no map. No compass on the UI. No problem. But how do I get to my co-exiled? ""Look at the sun, where is in relation to you and the coast?"" We're comparing, come to realise that I am actually on the other end of the isle. I get to treking through the forest, freezing and starving, I chomp on some cured meat. After a while I see his camp fire in the distance. ""Finally!"" Then I hear a growl behind me. I turn to look and there be a bear thing with horns. It charges me, I rush to the camp fire, but it was too late. The creature trampled me and I was dead.Can't wait to see this game develop in the future. It's going to be a lot of fun!"
76561197999792692,Not Recommended,307880,17407480,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,TheElektro,"I know, I haven't played long, but there was absolutly nothing to do.I can't possibly recommend this game at all. It's been so long in early access and yet it's so empty and dull.Let's talk about it, shall we.tl;dr - The game is dull, boring and there is nothing to do. Don't bother buying it.There was a survival Check-List, to guide you a bit around.Sure, not bad. Only thing, it was really just the basic stuff. Chop tree, hunt deer, gather stone, gather log, gather flint, etc.Nothing... amazing.Combat didn't seem to interesting, like in many such games, but with less. No blocking. Using the bow felt bad... Meh.The island itself is dead. I ran around for few minutes to find nothing but emptiness. I needed to hunt animals, to get leather and other stuff, to craft me some better stuff. Took a while to find anything. But then.... Hunting a deer was just terrible. You hit it, it runs away, a bit further away it stops, you go to it and hit it, it runs away, etc. Repeat that for a while and it's dead. Yay.... Now for the next deer.... I haven't even encountered many wolves or anything. There are wild boars, which I haven't even seen. There is a dragon by the tower and flies around, but.... I saw no reason to hunt it. At night... there are Plague wolves, which are wolves, but ""scarier"" and a lot stronger. How fun. I just haven't really seen any wild-life most of the time. Which is kinda disappointing. Especially since you NEED TO HUNT THEM.You could build houses... Which was a huge disappoint them... All buildings are pre-made, so it's a copy+paste building. No custom buildings for you. You gotta use what get. Which are ugly, dull and... Once built, it has no floor! It might even float above the ground a bit! Houses are supposed to protect you from the cold... Just build a camp fire and you are good. Much cheaper to make too. There aren't many buildings to begin with, nor are there really many decoration items. But hey, atleast you can have that wooden cage you always wanted!.... It's just decoration btw.It's a survival game, so that means you need food to survival. But wait! There is more! You can freeze to death! Oh oh! How interesting! In your inventory you can see how much Health you have, how hungry you are and how cold you are. However... Cold and Hunger shown wrong. ""Cold 100%"" meant you aren't cold at all in-game. Normally... that means you are 100% frozen, atleast for me it would be. I don't know. Maybe it's just me, but it surely didn't seem right.Movement is all good and fine. Just wish I would actually maybe have a bar for my stamina. Oh and... you can't crouch.I don't know, this game is just crap and isn't anything special.No reason to build anything. Hunting animals was annoying. Nothing special about this game, really.Oh well. Can only hope this game will get better in the future. But for now, it's total crap. Avoid it."
,Recommended,307880,17993963,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ObscureEdge,"I bought this game due to it being %60 off but to be honest I would of glady paid full price for this game, the Online works great I can have people connect to me no problem not even one bit of lag, it's fun to collect and craft in the game some cool enemies to fight there is some bugs here and there but nothing that would stop me from playing I would deffo say buy this game but personally I'd only wanna play with friends just to make it more entertaining if you do get the game make sure to find food because you drop in hunger pretty fast which is one thing that needs to be fixed asap! Anyways great game :D"
76561198239535356,Recommended,307880,20615055,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,knightsbcb,Best game i have seen in a while. met random people gave me good armor and weopons
,Recommended,307880,20555398,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,The Noobfather,"Great game, especially for a single dev. It's sort of a mix of The Forest and Skyrim. You have to manage the cold, hunt and gather, craft weapons and armor, and just survive. Cut trees, mine, and build structures. The map is a lot larger than it seems. My only knock is that past 10 hours I feel like there isn't enough to do yet. I'm sure once it's fully fleshed out, there will be a lot more. There are also regular updates with countdowns until the next one. Nice job so far."
76561198139388562,Recommended,307880,20606108,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Major Mellons,Great medieval style sandbox.
76561198062395878,Recommended,307880,22227991,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,trojans_40,"This game is awesome.It challenging. It adventous. It very gritty and dark. A game I can look foward  to spend so many hours with my buddies.Just need fences or walls.After a few hours in the game play... my friends who have high end pc start to see mobs become more glitchy, etc. That wasn't the case for me as I turned down a lot of the settings."
,Recommended,307880,20287904,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Spartacus,"Great first impression. I can play offline, public online or private with a friend which is a bonus. The game runs smooth as butter and did not lag, stutter. Game looks great and even runs on my friends older PC at high settings. He has a GTS 450 and a CPU from 2010. So if you have an older PC fear not, you can run this game.UPDATE: The hunger system is something that appearantly used to be awful according to some reviewers, let me tell you now that it is great and has been well balanced now.I've only played 1.3 hours so far but for 8$ CND on sale or even at full price and despite there being a ton of games of the genre, this makes a must buy for me."
76561198120795251,Recommended,307880,23911760,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lastwish23,"This is a really fun game to play with friends. It feels like Dark souls in the way that you have to fear everything killing you in the beggining. You can starve, freeze or get murdered but it's fun to build things and see how long you can last."
,Recommended,307880,20237523,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Priapus,"This game, although cartoony, is fun and it can be brutal. playing with friends is a must, there's various problems currently, but for an early access title it's well worth the price of 15$."
,Not Recommended,307880,32996211,Posted: 29 June,all,Tsysin,"Extremely disappointed that I wasted my money on this game. Its basically abandonware. Last update which was minor was in Janurary. They promised another update that never developed, the Studio has since gone to work on another title basically shelving this game. I asked for a refund but was denied as I had 8 hours invested in the game (Originally purchased over a year ago. Sadly I gave the developers too much slack and too much time and too many oppurtunities knowing that this was an early access game. I would never recommend buying a game from this studio. (Signal Studios)https://www.signalstudios.net/"
76561198065824160,Recommended,307880,16124021,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,♓ AFK ♓,"Its funny how most of the negative reviews are from players who haven't even played at least 10 hours of this game. Sure its early access but there's a lot of things to do. There is no ""quest marker"" or anything of the sort. Its like playing skyrim without the HUD, which i liked. There's also no map whatsoever, but I like it that way. Why? Survival of course! and this is supposed to be some kind of medieval thing going on, why would they put on a map? The compass works great too. Only idiots will not know how to use it. No compass? Use the sun! it always rises in the north and sets in the south! It is also very fun to just get lost and explore the island. There is also no info on how you do things, so most people that just bought the game always ask that question. I also like that though, because you just got shipwrecked, so how the hell can you know what to do right off the bat? Also for those complaining that there is not a lot to craft, the recipes only unlock after you gathered the ingredients needed to make it. You'll be surprised how much stuff you can craft after you have quite the amount of materials. This is why you need at least more than a few hours of game time in order to see the true beauty of the game. NEVER TRUST THE PLAYERS WHO HAVE ONLY A FEW HOURS IN! They're noobs and should'nt go near any survival games at all! Currently there are only a few things to see. I am not going to spoil what they are, though i am pretty sure most of the kids already searched or watch youtube videos anyways. I mean why play a survival game and expect it to be easy? If you play this game to ""beat"" it, then go somewhere else. The beauty of this game, for me, is the survival aspect and just the sheer randomness of being able to build anywhere, There are some bugs and glitches though, so i hope they will fix that. The most annoying one for me is the chat bug. If you play for a long time, the chat just dies on you and the only way to fix is is to relog. Also limited to 8 players per room, but there are people who host a server and go AFK, basically being some kind of a ""dedicated server"" themselves. Anyways i recommend this game to mature players who like survival games. Kids stay away please. If you want an easy game go play rust or h1z1 since they have guns and play your ""COD open world"" there."
76561198009897991,Recommended,307880,16639130,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Shade,"The games fun, and the devolper is a very good devolper.The game itself plays out like 7 days to die / rust had a love child with skyrim. That being said, it's very unique and play's like 50% of a survival game and 50% of a adventure / action rpg. It's combat is pretty standard and generic so far, but it doesn't detract to heavily from the game, Most of the game your stock piling supplies, but unlike other survival games, you get noticeably stronger the more you forge and find and build. The relativily huge amount of items is fun and the ability to build prebuilt structures turns out to pretty fun, as it allows for less fort building, and more adventuring and explorering. Unlike other survival games, Savage Lands expects more out of you. Your not just suppose to survive, your suppose to thrive and become dominate as a wondererI am very impressed buy the devolper. He's been updating quite frenquently, is quite transparent and seems very in touch, if not close to the community. He not only pays attention to the bug reports, the bugs are actually fixed within the next update. I've bought a lot of crap on steam. This is the reason i buy crap, because every so often you find a diamond in the rough. This diamond may still be a bit rough but it's getting polished quick and looking very promising.buy with confidence"
,Recommended,307880,16683875,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,omnimatt87,"I really... Really. Like this game.I don't understand why people are complaining about the harshness of the survival aspect of the game. It's like they want a video game like farmville or Animal Crossing or something where they have to grow plants and raise moo cows and chickens or something. I understand it's frustrating when you die but that's hardly a reason to leave a negative review just because you SUCK at video games.When you're naked and in the cold you'll freeze to death. If you don't eat you'll starve to death. If you go too far into the forest and get attacked by a wolfpack they are going to pick the flesh right off of your bones if you haven't crafted armor and a nice sword by then.It's all there. Find materials in the wilderness and don't go too far inland or else the undead will shove a sword through your torso. Until you gather ore from mining and craft some weapons and maybe build a blacksmith so that you have a forge to craft much needed armor. Of course you need a campfire for warmth. Hunt deer, boar and a wolf or two for meat and cook it. Then eat it. Survival 101Ok, so the reason why I like this game so much is the atmosphere is amazing. Especially when you open up a server and allow a couple of people to play with you. I started one night and a group of us decided to venture off to the North East (or whatever direction it was as the sun is kind of screwed up in this game. Meaning it doesn't rise in the east and set in the west.) Craft a compass when you get access to a forge as they really help. We spent hours roaming the coast and through the woods. We came across a neat landmark. A giant dragon statue on the beach just in the water. It was super cool but unfortunately at this point in early access I don't think it does anything or has any meaning besides maybe the lore. Anyway we built a campfire after getting that far as we were starting to freeze and we waited until we were warmed up. Cooked some wolf meat from the wolves we had to kill on our way here and ate it. Then we decided to continue our track through the woods. I knew the player I was playing with was trying to find a village but I wasn't even sure what he was looking for but I kind of knew he was lost roaming the forest but it was a BLAST. Next thing I knew I looked out the window and the sun was coming up and I realized I had been playing this game roaming the coast and forest for over 6 HOURS STRAIGHT. Oh, man. So much fun.VERDICT:Exploring is a blast as well as the realistic-ish survival aspects. I think they're going to put icons where all the players are so you don't have to worry about losing each other so much but I think this is a bad idea personally because I'm all about the realism, and immersion when getting lost in the wilderness. The game needs more content. It needs ruins to explore. Dungeons to find. Treasure to find. Giant monsters to find and kill for rare materials. Where are the underground caverns? The hidden castle deep in the woods? Where's the story? There is NO story. And there are no intense enemies that can still kill you with one or two blows if you venture too far where you're not supposed to after you craft some decent gear. And the reason I'm bringing all of this up because this game has sooo much potential. We need more armor to craft. Higher levels to attain. Stronger weapons to forge or find to kill even stronger enemies in the world.I trust that it will come in due time. I hope. The game is fun as it is but when I play something like this I always hope for more. That is why they call them early access I would assume."
76561198012409786,Recommended,307880,18010873,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,david_tschudy,"The game is surprisingly fun. It does take a minute to understand the controls, and there are some nit-picks, but for early access, amazing. I would absolutely recommend this to others. Don't give up if it takes you a second to know the controls either.Things like knowing to press 'k' while in inventory to bring up the crafting."
76561198090587353,Recommended,307880,16048848,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,landon,"Built a house.Went outside.Got wood for the fire, preparing for the night.Night came.Ran out of wood.Went outside.Immediately got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by some Plague Wolves.Next Day:Built a house.Went outside.Died to a pig.Best game ever 11/10Volvo plox nerf"
76561198178765393,Recommended,307880,16109443,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,XpNishXXVII,"Kinda 30mins into the game currently.. only read reviews as guide which i thought was helpful enough.. but well.. Helpful indeed, but not enough. scared to roam the forest. stayed by the seaside. chasing deers didn't notice wolf chasing me which im not sure wether the deer was running away from me or the wolf.. but.. for starters i survivethe wolf.. IM AWESOME and so is this game ><"
,Recommended,307880,16129821,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Mike,"Among a world of Early Access survival games, this one actually clicks very nicely for me.   If I had to give one reason this game worked for me over all the other survival games on Steam, it would have to be the setting.  This isn't some modern zombie apocalypse or post-WW3 situation but high fantasy.  Swords!  Skeletons!  A dragon!  Plate mail!  That's my thing and I like the way this game implements elements of high fantasy in to a survival game.It's not all peaches and cream though.  The game runs fairly poorly on my PC.  Granted, it is a fairly old PC but it still runs a lot of new games decently.  With Savage Lands, I've had to turn most of the settings down and there are still FPS spikes.  In terms of gameplay, the worst part is, without a doubt, inventory management.  You start off with a small inventory and it isn't until you start being able to craft bags that things get better.  Moving things between chests and your inventory is also a huge pain.  The cause of both of these is that items stacks are criminally small.  Inventory management would be less of a hassle with larger item stacks.The game is in Early Access so there's not much end game or story content and there still a number of bugs and performance issues but all-in-all, I like it.  I'm eagerly awaiting the next update and that's not something I say very often about Early Access games.  If high fantasy and survival games are something you like, I'd recommend this to you."
,Recommended,307880,16681909,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,NastyEmu,"Nearly 20 hours in and I'm still having fun exploring this island.Brings back a lot of memories of  the first King's Field game on the playstation, including circle strafing during combat being OP right now.Being early access, there's still plenty of balance issues.  Once you craft a decent weapon and can take deer down in one hit, you'll never run out of food or supplies.  Most of the enemies pose little threat to you after you've armored up.  I even aggro'd the dragon and several passes of his flame only damaged my armor (and refilled my heat meter, which made me lol in a good way).  The only enemy that has been able to deal me direct damage are the bears, but you can still dodge most of their attacks, so unless you aggro more than one at a time it still isn't much of a threat.  Hopefully the enemy encounters become a lot more dangerous as development continues.That probably sounds like a negative review, but it isn't.  There's a lot to love about this game already.  The atmosphere is really great, especially at night.  I jumped in my seat when a plague wolf popped out of the brush next to me when I was exploring at night.  My absolute favorite thing so far: I got completely turned around and was lost in the game for over an hour yesterday, even with over 15 hours already behind me.  There's no map, and hopefully there never will be because trying to navigate only by landmarks and rudimentary compass in the dark during a blizzard while you try to avoid the pack of wolves you can hear but not see is one of the most suprisingly fun things I've done in a game in a long time.  If that last sentence sounds like your kind of game, go ahead and buy it.  If it doesn't, you should probably pass for now.There's a long way to go until this is a complete game, but I've already gotten my money's worth out of it.  The devs are very active and host streams weekly and take a lot of feedback from the players, so I'm confident it will continue to improve on an already enjoyable experience."
76561198041250570,Recommended,307880,16062557,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,PCGameNut,"Beautiful game! I Would recommend this game to anyone that enjoys crafting, building, survival, and combat all packed into one amazing game. I wasn't too sure in purchasing this game at first, but just 10 minutes of playing got me completely hooked.If they keep adding features to this game and keep making it better, then they've found a supportive player for a lifetime!"
76561198122828280,Recommended,307880,16070179,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Twinked,"This will be my first review for a game, and that means something.Iv never felt like a game before needed a review but this game deserves one and here is why 1)ITS IS AMAZING 2) iv been looking for a game where zombies are not the main threat or guns are a must to to live and this game is what iv wanted for so long where mother nature is a ♥♥♥♥♥ just like real life. No fire? dead  No shelter? dead  No weapon? yep dead 3) This game as a chance to become something great and its already passed other EA games in it first few stages. And want to congratulate the devs for keeping up with updates and working on making this game great. Should you buy this ? YES"
76561198030879551,Recommended,307880,16272261,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Ｃｈｅｅｓｅｔｏｏｔｈ,fun game so far. lacks content but its to be expected in an early access game. multyplayer is still very buggy so be warned.
,Recommended,307880,16620167,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Shamdec,"I am looking forward to all the future patches that they plan on releasing. It is a really fun game if you like or don't mind doing tedious tasks like mining for various rocks, hunting for food, keeping track of meters for cold/hunger etc. It is a game that requires you to be fully aware of your surroundings or you could get ambushed by an enemy. Overall a fun experience in my personal opinion.Within the first two hours of playing I was able to make a stone house, a blacksmith and craft a sword as well as some better clothing. It doesn't take too long at all to make some huge progress in the game. I mean I am also playing in single player mode so I don't have to share anything I find but I hope to try multiplayer out soon. I also tried to climb up and see the dragon's ""nest"" but you can't go up that high, sadly. Maybe with some better armor I can come face to face with the dragon!"
76561198059960742,Recommended,307880,16703828,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,HumorousAlly17 hellcase.com,Love the game! Its like forest and skyrim.
,Recommended,307880,17642086,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,ElysianLamb,"Its like some type of mixed games, such as: ARK; The Forrest; And other that types of games, seems pretty good game, but still needs to be updated!"
76561198017572964,Recommended,307880,16114891,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,jon,"The first lesson to learn is not to be complacent.... As others have pointed out, them wolves are hungry and they aren't bothered whether you're naked or wearing clothes made out of their cousin.  My first game was ten days, I didn't freeze,  starve or drown > I was all powerful. Then I went out at night hunting deer, got ambushed by a pack of wolves, couldn't see where I was, or what I was wildly swinging my sword at.  Then I was a late night snack.This game, for EA, is truly excellent. There are very few bugs (that I've discovered) and certainly none that spoil the atmosphere. Some of the graphics are a little wonky at times but I wholeheartedly recommend this and cannot wait to see where it ends up.I'd like an in-game clock/day counter (maybe a craftable sun dial?). I'd like the rocks to disintegrate after you've emptied them of ore. I'd like some of the item stacking to be a little higher as it's very easy to fill multiple 30-item pine boxes within a few in-game days. And I think the deterioration of equipment is a little too unforgiving.Tweaks, minor amends, tiddly stuff. Again, it's great and the developers deserve a slap on the back/round of applause for putting something out in early Alpha that is most definitely playable and good fun,Enough chit-chat, I've got a dragon to hunt..."
76561198123718063,Recommended,307880,16127450,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,jacktheterminator,well to start out i say this is a great game by far but really hard to start out  but that is  what makes this game unique  u need to find the items first in order to make other items i like the building reminds me of the forest also not alot of survival game developers not many of them focus on the survival fantasy genre also this reminds of skyrim and i like the giant he is op as hell but that is expected so i recommend this to anyone but do not dislike the game because it is hard to start out
,Recommended,307880,16529888,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Thana,"NOTE: My experience, I believe, sounds very different from other players. I'll summarize it below.This is a very good game, made by great devs who communicate with their players. It runs well on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop, which is always a plus, and fits the fantasy niche for the survival genre nicely.The game might seem unforgiving, and I've heard it is, but based upon my own experiences I can't really fully back that or add it to my complaints. The game world is dangerous, but it's most certainly forgiving, once you have a spawn point.Before I go into detail about my experience/what I think everyone should do, I suppose some pros/cons:Pros:+Excellent... atmosphere? From snowstorms to dense fog, this really affects gameplay and the experience of it all and I really like it as a feature.+Fantasy theme, with powerful enemies that provide a challenge. And as of recent updates, a powerful dragon that also adds to the experience, more notably the experience of running for your life from a dragon.+Well optimized? Well, I think it runs well on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop and that's something.+Consistent aesthetic really makes for a believeable/cool universeCons:-Lack of dedicated servers, though the devs have stated that this will change. Also, maximum size of servers is 8.-Building options currently lack much customizability, though in return it offers a consistent aesthetic. This also is considering the building on hills and such problems.I would have added ""navigation (as in even with a compass) to the cons, but the devs say that with the next update friendly servers will have names visible across a large distance. Navigation usually adds to the experience (of a dangerous/mysterious environment) but its real drawback is in multiplayer when you lose sight of your friends quickly.There are currently a decent amount of enemies, weapons, and armor, but not enough to add to pros or cons... but the devs are consistently adding such things, and seeing some upcoming content in their stream I'm optimistic this will eventually be a strong point of the game as well.Anyways, about my experience, I suppose I'd reccomend to anyone playing to IMMEDIATELY make a spawnpoint (that skull-looking thing). Use it preferably in Argos, that's what I did. Believe it or not I'd reccomend starting in singleplayer.For the first few days/nights, you can make a fire and apart from that spend your days searching for wood and mining, and hunting deer/etc. At night, more enemies will spawn, and you want to kill them. Even if you have to use your stone axe, kill them. You might die once or twice to a Fury but once you kill them (and reclaim your stuff) you'll have a sword, which will deal a decent amount of damage, and you might have some armor.Similarly, fight plague wolves. I can't stress this enough. Anyways, whatever Human Bones, Plague Wolf furs, Rotting flesh, and sinew/leather hides you can get, keep it. The flesh-wrapped bag is something I don't know how I lived without before I had it anymore. It's easily craftable early on, and it's the best bag for maximizing storage space.Just in general fight anything you can. There's no farming in this game, so you can expect to be dependent on hunting, though it's not a problem. Wolves will chase you down if they see you, and are not too uncommon around Argos; you should kill as many as you see and quickly forge yourself a set of wolfskin armor. As for deer, the second that you've either made or acquired a sword/club, stop using a bow to hunt them. Bows are complete crap for hunting, they only are any good for dealing with powerful enemies from afar in groups or drawing aggro from specific enemies. Instead, sneak up on deer and slash them twice quickly; if there are two, you can sneak up on the first and hit it twice, and continue sneaking on to the second... it's easy! And if there's one, feel free to start running when you're close enough, and you'll take it down before it can get away. With that in mind you can easily collect a lot of sinew and meat.If you find yourself running low on ores/stone, make a new world and collect around the beach before returning to your old one. It's as simple as that.Once you have an ebon sword and full leather armor (and preferably a compass) head further north to kill off packs of wolves and even single bears... you'll find that meat and maintaining your armor suddenly isn't a challenge.TL,DR; to start off, disregard any bag but the flesh-wrapped bag. Make a firepit at Argos and instead of hiding around at night make a spawnpoint, and fight all enemies you see (near Argos). Don't use a bow for hunting. If you can rush wolf armor/stone sword/flesh wrapped bag(s), you're good to go."
,Recommended,307880,18922558,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Mecha Dragon,It runs really well unlike some other early access.
,Recommended,307880,16322563,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Wigo,"Regarding negative review claiming that digitaldna are ""scammers"". Ignore it. The steam user is completely unreliable and has personal problems with another game from the developer. Do not let what he said make you miss out on this amazing game.There is so much potential in this game I can't even describe how thrilled I am to see it develope. This was my first Survival game of it's kind... and it is by far showing the most potential from the other games out there like it. I managed to snag this puppy on sale, but I am almost saddened I didn't pay more for it.Surival Aspect 9/10Toughness 9/10Development 10/10Gameplay 9/10Optimization 10/10Realism 6/10Lore 4/10-------------------------------------------------------Overall 7.9/10Showing loads of future potential."
76561198142687168,Recommended,307880,16110030,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,andylaw281268,"One fantastic ride!!Just what a survival game should be. struggling was never so much fun!Well done guys, it maybe early access but the game has been worth more than the asking price.Died lots of times in the early stages but the game slowly lures you into making you think, if you don't you will perish.As you learn new crafting skills, things open up and you will enjoy working and progressing to improve your shoddy existence.This game rocks folks, don't let it slip by, it would be insane to miss out.I cant praise the developers enough, its obvious you really have thought things through, something early access seems short of on steam.Love the way day becomes night and becomes spooky and more dangerous, really impressive!I thought the difficulty level was going to be to much initially but no, its about spot on.Finding your way around can seem daunting at first but it adds to the game, no map to show you where to go!You can feel your very  life deteriorate, your blood thickens in the freezing, biting air but your lost and your out of food........damn i hear a wolf cry........i see yellow eyes in the darkness......oh damn! Run...Run for the cabin!!This game deserves to do well, wish you all the very  best with it guys, thank You."
76561198012653476,Recommended,307880,16194371,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,manximus,Spent most of the first afternoon looking for each other in multiplayer (headed off in wrong directions) until we figured out to use the sun to triangulate our positions. How cool is that?Still too early to put the stamp of approval on this (pre-alpha) but quite a promising game so far.
76561198132240787,Recommended,307880,17806616,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,[stealers.net]AmazingB,ok ok imma rate this good cause i like it ok BUT me and my dad were playing this game amd we both had the same problems its laggy and me and my dad both have really REALLY meaty computers and its way laggy we play on the low grafics and its still laggy PLEASE FIX IT
,Recommended,307880,17405368,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Dr.Texas,"Up till now the game is pretty entertaining, lively online community and I haven't encountered any bugs so far.The only Issue I had was with framerate on a pretty powerful rig, even though there's not much going on in the game. on lowest graphical settings I couldn't get over 45 fps. -.-Apart from that there is a bit of lag online, but I think it's one of the better survival games on steam, hope the devs will be able to add more content, as what's already there shows a lot of promise."
,Recommended,307880,18877906,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,totjup5,"Extremely atmospheric and tons of fun, I highly recommend you play this with friends."
76561198043297377,Recommended,307880,18005159,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,InfernoDrogamir,"Just bought the game an a few hours ago... died 3 times so far through some huge wolf, starving and then starving lolBut I am now getting the hand of it. Hunting, building and crafting ect.One thing I would like to see is some storage in your house. Chest or something simallerI have notice the dragon sitting on the cliff or tower whatever it is ..... I will be avoiding that area like the plague .... for now >.>Brilliant game.. requires some thought. :)"
,Recommended,307880,17989856,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,S1MUL4CR4,"Needs some polish and balance, but even in Early Access this is an incredibly satisfying game to play alone or with friends. Updates are frequent and continue to deliver great features. Weekly developer Twitch sessions with live Q&A are also a plus (and convinced me to buy the game)."
76561198045623034,Recommended,307880,18007336,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Eatpancakes,"Early Access ReviewThis game has great potential and an active Dev. Very encouraging considering the amount of EA that seems to have potential never realized. This so far has been the opposite. Active updates, Livestreams, takes feedback from players into consideration, fixes reported errors, and all around appears to care for the product and it's growth.It still has some balancing issues and needs to be tinkered with, but it definitely is playable and challenging for a player now. Visually I think it's pretty polished for its current state of development and I take that as a good sign. Combat can be a bit wonky and seems to be lacking a bit but it's still very early. The game as a whole is fun, immersive, and has a very helpful community as I've seen thus far.I recommend it, especially when they release a huge update they usually cut the price in half for a week. I got mine for 8 bucks and I'd say just with the time i've played now and the content I've experienced I've gotten my worth and more."
,Recommended,307880,18022498,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Tobi,"At first this game might seem like any other survival game, and it is. BUT. A BIG BUT. It has fantasy elements. You might not think this changes much.... it does though.Having a dragon flying overhead makes it way more tense than any other survival game when your out gathering. Unlike every other game nights will♥♥♥♥♥YOU UP!!!Nights are dark and you can ambushed by wolves and skeletons hiding in the darkness, Go out unprepared and you will die.Theres tonnes of weapons and armour sets for you to find and craft aswell as quite intriguing lore that is slowly being set up as the game gets updated.The easiest game to compare it to is Skyrim. It Skyrim with a new map and new gameplay.I got it on sale and I recommend you do if you want a survival game that isnt zombies and guns.(Not sure if its worth the full price at the moment because 1. I havent played all of it yet and 2. Its early access)"
,Recommended,307880,18039130,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Titaneer,"Lost Simulator. I spent a couple ingame days trying to find my way back to Argo Town, when I had arrived I already started to venture out and instantly got disorientated. I discovered that I have a terrible sense of direction so please don't ask me for directions...Joking aside, it is a great survival game, a bit difficult to close the gap between midgame gear and endgame gear."
,Recommended,307880,18040099,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,neowiz73,"Updated review based on build #39Just had a chance to test the new unity 5 build, and I'm very impressed with the direction the game is going.  From the original unity 4 which was just one single island with limited resources to an all out adventure across multiple islands with plenty if not unlimited resources.  For those on Linux the graphics are now working properly.The new design pits you up against some amazing new boss fights to unlock the new content as you progress into the now 3rd - Main island. each island containing nearly the same amount of content as the original one island.  with a journal log that gets updated each time you discover a new bit of lore about the area.There are number of new creatures and areas, also the soon to be dungeons.Beware! --- this game has a very high learning curve for those that want an easy adventure.  If you liked Dark Souls then you will most likely enjoy this game.  Except instead of it being a rolling simulator you only need to be good at strafing and dodging.  there's currently a limited tutorial...It starts off very unforgiving, but with enough enginuity and persistance you will be wipping the ground with the mobs in no time."
76561198048350013,Recommended,307880,20630506,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Tpworm,"its a good early access game been playing since close to the release date , only on and off as you can see i havent clocked to many hours , i know every one goes on how its a rip off of rust , but thata the genre and people just need to cool thier jets and care less , any way i dont know what to say other then♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!"
76561198098375295,Recommended,307880,15066422,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,alaskantallywilson,"for an early access game it is still pretty good, needs more monsters, caves, etc. for a fantasy feel but still worth the price i paid."
76561198052602958,Recommended,307880,15095684,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,WinterBeholder,"I happened upon this game the day of the early access and am exceedingly glad that I did. It is extremely immersive and exciting to get into. Struggling to survive in a world with nothing but cold and death. I loved the addition of skeletons, they really make the world far more frightening and drive home the idea of being alone on a dead island. If there is one thing I dont like about the game, it is the starvation rate. Since a few other people have mentioned it, I wont get into that. But I strongly believe that there should be an addition of small game such as rabbits or weasels, I believe that there should be an addition of fish and netting, and the nuts and berries that spawn at camps should also be found on bushes and trees in the wild occasionaly. I also believe that you should be able to re-start fire pits after they have been built without having to go find more rocks to line it with. But, these things do make the game more challenging and a lot of fun. Maybe it could be that there is more food, but it goes bad as you carry and store it?Definately buy it, try it, and support its development! It will be worth your time!"
76561198064342806,Recommended,307880,18899307,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Argentt,"Graphics are decent, but what really makes the game is the immersion and the coop play. When its cold at night you feel it through your character. Would recommend if you love survival sims that keep to a basic need to survive."
76561198094606709,Recommended,307880,18897817,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Jonly Bonly,one of the best alpha build survival games yet. here a reveiw of what i distarted gameput on clothesbeat pig to death with a rockate some lunchbeat another pig to deathdeath by dragonconfronted bear with my own skulldied again11/10 would confront bear again
76561197976359804,Recommended,307880,26856897,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,unalein,"This game is early, early, early access. Nonetheless I really enjoyed it and hope for more and better balanced content."
76561198112506516,Recommended,307880,14968813,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Crafty,"This is a game of great potential! I currently have 24 + hours , and im still loving it. The developers push out an update every week, and continuosly reply to feedback and suggestions. An active community, support from devs when needed, and frequent updates supplying you with new content, what more can you ask for?The game is still early in development however, so bugs may be plentiful. If you dont mind watching a game grow from its roots, I would definatly recommend you purchase it!"
76561198069547191,Recommended,307880,17405114,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Skinny D,"It's like a mixture between Skyrim and The Forest. It's a must play if you like playing Skyrim with survival mods (RND, Frostfall, Hunterborn etc.)."
,Recommended,307880,14879679,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,arcanumveritas,"This is early access. It is not finished yet.  Developers seem engaged, there are twitter feeds of plans.Still a risk it won't get finished, but hopefully it will progress and do ok.In its current state feels like Don't Starve in a Unity engine (I don't know what engine its in- thats the feel).   Death is brutal if you can't get back to your corpse.  But once you have a base, its ok.Crafting/combat is still clunky.  Lots of empty still.  But strangely engaging.I'm not sure its worth the money unless on sale, because its still a way from finished."
,Recommended,307880,14875989,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Jake,"Great game to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with your friends, It's obvious it's in early stages and with that comes problems, but thats the beauty of it.Early stage and its already fun, can only get better from here.Embrace the grind!"
76561198011083571,Recommended,307880,14879883,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Carig,"This is a very solid early access release. It's basic mechanics both exist and work. There is not that much game play to be had as yet; for example, it's list of features are well behind that for Neo Scavanger, 7 Days to Die or Project Zomboid. Thus, if you buy it  at this stage  (14.03.15) expecting hours and hours of hassle free gaming you are going to be disapppointed. However, if you are excited about a survival game in a fantasy setting, like the idea of seeing a game develop week by week and you are patient enough to let that process take place then this is a game you should consider buying.Thus far the developers of the game seem engaged with the community and an update has already been released. I will update my review in about a month to let you all know if this still holds true.5th April: An encouraging number of updates thus far. I am still gorging myself of 7 Days to die but, thus far, I am happy to have bought in early and watch how this game develops."
,Recommended,307880,14861123,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Wolla,"Chopped down a tree up in the mountains, rolled all the way down into the ocean where its unaccessable.10/10"
76561198032681346,Recommended,307880,14885534,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Hingle Mckringleberry,"Overall so far I like this game alot, I saw it and had the feeling in a few months it would be 10x better so I bought it. I've been playing it for a bit now and a key feature that would help gameplay a bit is a way to tell if a rock has been deepleted, I'm not saying it should go away, but  maybe have holes in side of the rock or something. Also have the buildings not be required to be bulit on flat surfaces, made my first stone house useless because everything rolls out lol. Keep up the good work! Also bro's weapon is a spiked head, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,307880,33054355,Posted: 30 June,all,DeathMethanol,"When it started and the game was still on the ""old"" island, it had potential. Sure, it had rough gameplay and some bugs, but it was going somewhere. At that point I loved the game, even convinced some friends to play it. Came back after ""new"", bigger island was introduced and the game in the current state is broken. More broken than it has been before. Enemies AI does not exist, hit-boxes are in weird places and very often does not work properly. A lot of texture problems.Sad thing is that the game is no longer supported and the designers just collect money from unaware gamers.DO NOT BUY IT.DO NOT SUPPORT DROPED PROJECTS."
,Not Recommended,307880,31007923,Posted: 7 April,all,ThorGoLucky,"Abandoned.  Sad to see it go, as it had much potential.  An alternative of this type of survival game is The Forest that is still actively being developed."
,Not Recommended,307880,30989580,Posted: 6 April,all,Nova Nihil,"At this point it is pretty clear this severely unfinished game has been abandoned.Unfortunately I played 3 hours total so I can't refund.Superb potential for this one.  A real shame.I strongly suggest it be avoided, even at a discount."
,Not Recommended,307880,34324279,Posted: 18 August,all,Delf Farmskins.com,"Slow development at start, no development recently."
,Not Recommended,307880,35009680,Posted: 16 September,all,Stranho,"Just another MONEY CRAB EA, i did't believe in EA anymore, if you like your money please, i beg you, don't buy another EA, only us can stop this money crab thing by not buying any EA, i'm making my part in reviewing all my EA not finished and paused (read abandoned) development.Steam please do not allow EA games anymore, respect your consumers, stop only thinking in money and start thinking in the players, for one thing at least."
76561198044262347,Recommended,307880,18063215,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,LadyD,"12 hours into the game and I just shot my first deer with an arrow.   the beginning of this game is tough but doable.  and once you get a little used to whats going on it is a great game, keep developing this one!"
76561198044263546,Recommended,307880,20472308,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,krebin,Limited for now and gets boring without much to do except explore but has great potential. Can't wait for them to keep adding cool  content.
76561198116173364,Recommended,307880,17613623,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Zendo,"still in the very early stages but still a brilliant game it's like skyrim & minecraft had a baby and this is the result. love the crafting set up too, keep it coming."
,Recommended,307880,18879408,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,ColdCain,"Great game, hope this doesn't fall by the wayside"
76561197977590398,Recommended,307880,18880102,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,HuB5chrAu8Är,"First of all: Potential of the Game.It has potential! But the Dev. really need to keep it going. More Building depth, more useage of the buildings. ""Debug"" the buildings.Bugs encounter so far:When you throw Wood Logs in a House that is build on a little hill, the Logs keep rolling right through the wall. Such little things are really anoying. Ballistic of the Bow is horrible! I think it should need some tuning.Falling Damage? Not at all!Not warming inside of a Building.If you Build a ""Strong Chest"" on a Friendly Server. Theres no option to set a friend of yours to be able to access the Chest. That may make sence on a hostile setting, or in a rnd gourp. But with Steam Friends, i would like to share my stuff.Little distubring Things:The Game is not challenging at all.Direct ahead of your landing position is a little abandoned town, you can pick up a longbow there and it has a forge as well.So there is no reason to build it yourself.because of the not warming inside of Buildings it is useless.Basically you just need a Campfire. It will keep you warm. Thats mandatory.Why is there a Dragon with his Tower when the dragon is not attacking? We build a House right next to his Tower, he wasnt mad at all...The wandering Monsters are not a threat.Reason why we stopped Playing after a three hours:The Maingoal is Missing. Something like: Build a Ship and escape to Home, Kill the Dragon or find more Survivors.Final Words:Get more Buildings in, get a Maingoal in there, More Monsters, More Dangers, Make a Survival Game! At the Moment its not a real Survival Game, because its to easy."
76561198008117208,Recommended,307880,17565589,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,tmaskall,"Not been able to put this down in 3 days, at first you think there may be very little to do, but simply surviving is quite a challenge. There is no map which is good, you would not have a map of a strange island would you? Thus far I am impressed, I would like to see more content, and perhaps in the future a way to leave the island and discover a wider world. The ability to create your own map, maybe using charcoal / coal / animal blood / pigments from vegitation etc and a little hide would make it easier to get around once you have discovered things, but if this was so I think you island would become quite small.My one reccomendation to the devs, don't make it any easier, keep it tough!"
76561198144009571,Recommended,307880,16068717,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,QuikDraw,"I was told about this game from another friend.  Seeing this and how in the games company was in with the community AND just the game itself i thought THIS WOULD BE GREAT TO BUY! so i bought it and was hoping it would be good, and it was I LOVE IT !!!!!!!P.S. Its options for lowering the graphics is not much for my computer I think you should add more options for me to make it have less lag like choosing to disable things i don't really need like the animations for the grass and the leaves in the trees (the waters fine) right now it is playable but a bit laggy.. if you can it would be much appreciated!!"
,Recommended,307880,17617602,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Supren,Great game for an early access.  Has alot of potential do be more fun however by adding more content which the developers are currently working on as each update comes by.  The Sundered Island is big enough to explore for hours and discover different kinds of creatures.  Can't wait until the game comes to a completion.
,Recommended,307880,18223611,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Slash,"Eu gostei, ainda não tem muita coisa mas tá legal jogar"
76561198010510359,Recommended,307880,16284078,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,notalive_zombie,"I've got about eleven hours in this game and I absolutely love it. The fight for survival is excellent, you'll understand when you are low on food and no fire to keep you warm in the below freezing nights. While hunting for deer and food I was constantly under attack from the wild life. YOU'LL BE MORE BEAST THAN MAN WHEN YOU PLAY THIS! Hunt, survive, thrive!"
,Recommended,307880,16288007,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Funkles,"My thoughts so far on this game are deffinetely positive, it's a great game and I'm more than thankful for the Mac support, I died so much on my first play of this, but after that I set myself up with a lil' base on the beach and built a house, than I got attacked by wolves and killed. Not to mention the Furies, jeezus, the first time I saw one I yelled and swore all the while running back to the safety of my house, which turned out to be less safe than I thought.I can't wait to see where this game goes in future, although if I might suggest one thing: add a graphics option to lower the grass clutter/density, seems to be the only thing causing my computer pain. :D"
76561198040807162,Recommended,307880,16835568,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,TheJournier,"It seems with the rise of Minecraft and games like skyrim, many indie level developers have strived to create an open-world, survival, build ""what you like games"". With review, please realize, if you read this, this game has promise. I'll begin with what I like.+ The small, plausible way to manage you item equipment. Yes the slots are small, however there are bags that can be crafted that will make life better.+ Rocks, as weapons... you can throws to hunt and kill deer that have ran away from you.+Relatively light game. I was able to run this game fairly smoothly.+Nice selection of swords, and ""metal"" weapons. I'd like to see more or a way to design your own.Cons-Weapons selections, there's a lack of two handed weapons. Arrows only come in puny flint form, no cool more powerful bodkin, broadhead... or mythical/magical arrows.-Yes you can build houses but there's a lack of ""block building"" where you can spend however you like to build a secure and safe house, and also make it look how you want.- The world isn't procedural. You spawn, on the same island, with the same weather. Meaning you go for the same shebang, worry about the same stuff everytime you start over.-The island map isn't particularly distinctive. You are somewhat forced to build on the beach, there are no roads or real marks that are distintive and can be seen for a long while to keep you being lost and dying in the middle of the night.-Map is really small. I've played Rust, and even played Arma... these games have large maps. This map is puny compared to those. So small that you don't see much, but large enough to be annoying when you get lost (and die from hypothermia)Over all would I recomend this game... for about $10-12 bucks... yes I would. Maybe later as this game updates and add in stuff I may reconsider... otherwise I'd save this game for when it goes on sell."
76561198100694375,Recommended,307880,16080961,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ZigZeg,"The game is really fun, just if you could, as the updates come allow us to build more ""Buildings"", just to be more versatile, and/or even let us build traps for the game let us use a shovel to build traps like pitfall traps etc., just let their be more stuff for us to do another town or two put creatures in all the towns for us to clear out before we can explore them and just as a future thought if all possible allow us to go in the building where the dragon is so we can explore it or even go to the top but make it to wear it is possible but, extremely hard. I know this is a lot but, this is a very fun game would love to see it advance well oh and the graphics improvement, the mobility of your character so they don't look weird stuff like that but, it is still a fun game me and my bro play it, very fun playing with others thank you for the game :)  I know this is a lot and not expected all at once just giving my opinion and thoughts and help thank you again for the game recommend playing it"
76561198080854980,Recommended,307880,16447308,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,blastoise,this is  a very good  early acess game its the best one i have plaed . the home making  is good
,Recommended,307880,16903237,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Positron,"I would definitely recommend this game.  Mind you, I had to turn down the graphics and up the render distance to maintain smoothness, but the game is very captivating so far.  I will write more when I progress further in the sandbox beyond basic survival."
76561198167527490,Recommended,307880,18011224,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Moo_Snuckle,"I have no complaints about the game what so ever especially since its only early access, but even that doesnt change the fact that the game is amazing. To be entirely honest this game could easily beat skyrim in sales and in gameplay. Also a few things i would like to see in the future, but are probably already on your list of update feratures is:1) A way to travel faster like a horse or tame able deer.2) Pets maybe (not the highest on my list)3) Bows that can shoot farther.4) As mentioned before more biomes and maybe different giants that correspond with the biomes.5) Trade centers or villages with non-hostile AI.6) Cave systems if there arent any.7) Loot chests in hard to get areas.8) Enchantments or upgrades to weapons.9) More elemental hostile AI.10) More variations of weapons like, spears, long sword, short sword, dagger or knifes, arrows, bows, and add a shield with other variations.11) And just a couple more animals to hunt like, moose, lynx, snow tiger, and polar bear since its winter.Cant wait to see what will happen in your upcoming updates and glad i purchased the game, its amazing in its early acces form and will be one of the best indie games ever created if you continue to roll with this idea.-Moo"
,Recommended,307880,18054620,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,XeparatTerhormat,"This Game is good enough, but i think the developers need  add more about the quest so the player know wheres need to go"
,Recommended,307880,16434992,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,TARL,I purchased this today on sale after reading the comments here and watching gameplay videos on YouTube. It was worth every penny! I have only played about three hours so far (dying once) and I am into the second night of the game. It is great fun and challenging. I found a house that keeps me warm and built a respawn totem and now I am starting to build up some supplies. The time disappeared while playing this.  Great details like the bushes rustling when you walk through them. Amazing game for only Early Access! I have played full version games that were not as complete and not as well done. Can't wait to see what else gets added to this game. If you like survival games this is a must purchase!
76561198070551373,Recommended,307880,15086147,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,cheddacheez,"I have very much enjoyed this game.  While I have to say I'd love to see free-build elements as opposed to set building schematics, that's not a deal breaker.  There are things that need to be tweaked, of course... it's an alpha build.  But again, nothing that's game breaking.  The devs seem to be quite active in the discussion boards and there are plenty of people with servers up and running to give you plenty of opportunity to learn.  Overall, the community seems pretty willing to help one another, which is quite nice.  No PvP as of yet, and I hope if/when that comes there are options to either run a server with or without it.  The bones of the game are great.  Very interesting and I'm really looking forward to seeing what the developers drop in next.  I'm recommending it."
76561198254323863,Recommended,307880,18880217,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Fili Destro,"Awesome game, loving it so far. But I would like to have more options in buildings. more furniture and such. Thanks for the work. Fantasy survival? Killer idea!!!"
,Recommended,307880,18193152,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Lionheart99,"So far, this game is amazing. It's like a lot of survival games, but at the same time, it's nothing like anything else. This survival game puts you on an island with a story. It's not just some random place where they tell you to cut down a tree."
,Recommended,307880,18232107,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Magus,"Great game. Im not a fan of the whole 'Early access' (forever, usually) but Signal studios is very a very unique and awesome company. They hold weekly streams on Twitch and have 2 updates to the game per month.  They give multiple copies away every week on their stream....also they listen to their fan base and even have us fans/players name in game items and landmark locations. 10/10"
76561198019433828,Recommended,307880,18243402,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Breadrunner,Not a bad game at all.
76561198017591397,Recommended,307880,18176600,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,alex.redman,"Savage Lands is brutal, if you don't work out in time how to survive you are dead. It's a simple formula.Join a server for the first time you play at night, and you'll probably die through starvation and/or cold. That is if the inhabitants don't butcher you for all your worth before hand.I really like the games potential, it does borrow some ideas from the likes of Skyrim, but with a much steeper learning curve. There is no world map, no fast travel. Can't use a compass? You'll never find home again.I think as the updates come, this game will only get better, there are some basic elements that would make the game better in the future, and it needs to delve deeper into a story line or at least more 'objectives' so once you have completed the initial survival tasks and murdered a few of the heavier enemies/survived to a basic sustainable level there is more to do.When I started I didn't have a clue where I was going, or what I was doing. I won't spoil the fun and tell you, but you do have a ureka! moment when you finally start to survive and craft some essential items.The start of the game sees that you build/craft some essential items for survival - nearly all of them have a purpose or a function with exception to building a ""Leanto"" - it offered me no obvious cover, warmth or protection as you cannot crouch or go prone, which in turn is a waste of time and resource - which being almost naked, half freezing to death on a beach is a luxury you cannot afford.In the latter stages of the initial game you can build stone houses, and eventually a Town Hall, which in my opinion is vastly under-used at the moment as it offers no viable enhancements, except for a visual claim on a piece of land, and perhaps a gathering point for the community. It should have an upper floor which serves as a lookout, or something similar, and offer some other benefits - perhaps have a throne in it and then appoint a ruler of the territory/land.Improvements the dev's could make:I want the game to essentially turn out like a first person ""Banished crossed with Skyrim"" - it would be great to be able to build more in the village, like a mill, a farm and a baker - a market place and then if the resources were scattered around the map, for example corn only grows on certain locations on the map, this could lead to a trade system, as well as a transportation system, kind of like protect the flag, except its corn. (or a territorial war all together) and the building of market places, and larger towns (Even CASTLES!) (Imagine a castle siege by warring factions!) where everyone has a purpose and a house.The creatures could still attack as normal, and there would need to be dedicated watch men/women to alert the rest of the village. The dragon, could at any time attack said village and potentially destroy buildings which would need to be re-built.There could be basic paths and roads added, signposts would be a massive win, and potentially horses, leading to knights, and an armoury.I think that there also needs to be a cull on 'server hopping' and dropping high level items to new players - this spoils the fun.We learned that the players of Skyrim yearned for a sense of ownership, and thus the ability to build your own house was introduced. This kind of starts to fill that void, but once the building plans have been improved, the storyline expanded on and more challenges added I think we are onto a winner.Overall, I would recommend you buy this game for it's potential, but at the moment it does have limited playability based on the objectives you need to complete and the 'bosses' you need to slaughter. Once you have survived whatever perils await you and built your kit up high enough so you and some friends can murder the dragon, that's pretty much the main challenge sorted."
76561198021413462,Recommended,307880,18269738,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Cirden,worth it for an early access game. i am normaly not a huge fan of survival games but thia one i like alot.
,Recommended,307880,18138400,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,sawdawg,"this game reminds me of why I like games, plus it's hard in singleplay which is awesome"
,Recommended,307880,18140545,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,bocoarmy,Game is a lot of fun just needs more building content for me to be interested in base building. The game shines with the monsters and the environment. Love this game so far.
76561198008265661,Recommended,307880,16402127,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Blackwall,"I've tried a couple of survival games and this one, Savage Lands, is the only one that's grabbed me, by the throat, like a gigantic, ruby eyed dire wolf, and won't let go.  Since my PvP days are behind me, whenever I look at a ""survival"" game that has multi-player, the first question I want answered is, will this be a gankfest?  Will I, the lowly PvE player end up in the red square marked ""target-rich environment"".   And in the case of a game like Savage Lands, which has a solo play mode, will solo play deliver such a watered down experience from multi-player (in terms of game mechanics and replayabiliy) that it isn't worth my time.I took a chance with SL and have been extremely pleased with the experience.   Here's why:1.  Immersion.  You are in the world and much pay attention or be dead.2.  Simplicity.   You aren't required to turn around three times while alternately touching your nose with your pinky fingers in order to  learn the game.  It's quite simple.  Build a fire.  Or die.  Find food.  Or die.  Learn what resources the environment around you provides and rise up.3.  Combat.  Combat in the game is straight forward.  Strike until whatever is striking you until dead.  If you have better armor and a better weapon, you win.   Bows are in the game, but fairly ineffective in combat, atm, unless you begin battle at a distance.4.  Progression.  No, there are no skill trees, thank god.  Progression means that you go from crude axe doing minimal damage to weapons you forge with metal and sinew that do serious damage.  Progression means you wrap yourself in wolf pelt that provides real warmth and are no longer slave to your fire.  Progression is having big enough backpacks that you can safely leave your base, well provisioned for a long exploratory trek across the island.5.  Server choice.  When you start the game, you create a character.  You can eitiher host a game, join a game or play solo.  If you host a game, you can choose whether PvP is Friendly or Hostile.  If you play solo, you will be the only one in your game and can experience the entirety of it as you choose.6.  Variety.  You can build in the game, but you don't need to.  You'll find sufficient fire pit rings, and other built resources in the ruins to avoid all that.  Or you can embrace it and build your own town as you fend off the roaming wildlife and disturbed dead that make up the other residents of the isle.  You can take off from your spawn point with nothing more than your stone axe to explore or you can hunker down, get well established and then seek adventure.   However you define enjoyment, the game allows.Now that I've covered the esoteric bits that appeal to me, what about that other stuff, graphics and so on.1.  Music:  Excellent, a nicely done score.2.  Ambient sound:  You're going to hear the hot breath of those wolves just before they leap on you.3.  Sound effects:  Well done and realistic.4.  Graphics:  Superb.5.  Art design:  Superb.6.  Bugs:  It's Early Access, so yes.  But.  Devs are very active on the Steam forum and respond quickly to comments and messages.7.  Devs:  Yes, as far as I can tell, they are very involved and responsive.Lastly, the first question I asked myself:  gankfest in multi-player?  First, the other would have to find you.  Next, he would have to be better armed than you.   In other words, he'd have to start out with his stone axe, just like you.  The best he can do is kill another guy with a stone axe and--take HIS stone axe.  Now he's make progress.  He has 2 stone axes and possibly an extra apple and maybe a fire.  Great.  He goes out in search of someone else to kill, still armed with nothing but a stone axe.   Just before he freezes to death, he finds another player, with a metal axe.  He sets out to kill that player, but oops, the other player kills him because you know stone axe =/= metal axe or, much more likely, he freeezes to death before anything else.   I could go on like this, but you get the idea.If you have any interest in this type of game, it is worth your while to check it out."
,Recommended,307880,17391514,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Ronnie son of Ronnie Son of Barb,"This game has a lot of potential, i certainly hope that the rumours of developers leaving this game aren't true.I've picked this game up about an average ~3Hours ago and have been playing it since.What i can tell is that this game has alot of promise, it shows that devs are willing to take risks, risks that haven't been taken much with Survival Games.Savage Lands, is a beautiful open-world sandbox simulation with a sizable map and loads of crafting oppertunities.However, the game is still in its early stages of development but i'm sure it'll be a great experience in the end.(So bugs can be found.)A little summary:Pro's:- Dropped items don't despawn. This makes it easier to make an inventory inside a house.- The UI is clean, the tutorial straight forward and easy to follow.- Night/Day Cycle is longer, you have enough time to farm, mine and craft.- Very good crafting system and overall much usage of items found/harvested.- Wacky Skellingtons (Yes, they are wacky.)- Developers pay attention towards it's player-base and frequently asks for feedback and on what they can improve. (HARDLY ANY GAME DOES THAT)- A huge variety in monster selection. (Ranging from skellies to wolves, even a dragon.)Cons:- The map is dull and gets boring easly, ie; Lack of content. (Devs could focus on adding more content, the map is huge. don't hold back.)- Wonky combat system.Overall it's a good game, certainly worth the money."
76561198032567318,Recommended,307880,18074903,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Noodleboy,"It is a survival game that allows for you to try and fight the savage lands that surround you. Or at least that is the basic run down. The plus side is that unlike The Long Dark, you can salvage sticks and other materials from cutting down tress. Plus you can cut down trees to use for virtually everything. It even has a respawn mechanic that isn't too hard to set up, as long as you are willing to fight some skeletons to use their heads as part of the building for the respawn point. It requires a lot of flint and other things to keep you warm, but you also need to stay fed and keep your health up.Now for the negatives. One thing that I have noticed that annoys me is the jotty camera movements with the mouse and how hard it is to get flint. I wish that you could also do repairs on the buildings that you run into out in the wild. That would be a saving grace for those long trecks into the wild where you can lose sight or track of your home base. I do hope that with the update that is coming in 14 days it allows for a smoother movement of the mouse or the option to set the mouse speed.So if you are on the fence I say get it because it is better as far as gathering materials and creating the things you need from what is around you. Just make sure to gather flint and stones as this will help you out once you get going."
76561197972109744,Recommended,307880,18075444,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,BigPapaGun,"cut down a tree, chop it into log before he hit the ground!11/10"
,Recommended,307880,18079207,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,『 Neurotic 』,Just buy it! And download it!!
76561198131364404,Recommended,307880,18085161,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Autistic Screech,Nice Game But Please Add floating icon for Respawn Spot
76561198098647691,Recommended,307880,18076847,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,gunn302,"I think this game is really fun to play with someone in real life, espicially if they get scared easy. I decided to play this with my brother and neither of us have ever heard anything about this game, so instead of reading every fact about it I decided to just jump in. That made it really fun in my opinon... I was not thinking about all the aspects other people did not like about the game rather finding aspects I did like about it. So not being much into tutorials myself I kind of just wondered off only half knowing what to do. I found some deer, but scared them off so I began to starve x.x I ended up finding some berries some how and that kept me alive long enough to figure out that you can walk towards deers and get them with a mele weapon. I began to get pretty well comfortable, and I suppose that was a mistake... I ventured out to the forest at night not thinking much of it then something attacked me... I had not idea what it was or where it came from, but I was out of there, well I would of been, but I died... Oops I started to think crap is this one of those games once you die you lose all your stuff and have to restart, but it was not and I gathered my items so that I may began my adventure again. Overall at this point I think this game is really fun to play with other people, not by yourself. This is because with other people you might be willing to do things you wouldn't do by yourself like throw rocks at stuff or try to kill a dragon etc.My pros/consPros-Online Play, Private Servers, Single Player, Monsters, Animals, Food Bar, Healing Items, Different tools, Easy to Navigate Menus, Easy to remember keys, Many ways for food, Dragons, Wolf, Boar, Overall its a nice biomeCons/What I want to see- Controller support (Unless I missed it), Spears or something like that (again unless I missed it), Caves would be cool IMO, A little more animals like rabbits and birds, Some easter eggs would be cool as wellummmm thats all I can think of at this point sorry if I missed anything"
76561198184345075,Recommended,307880,14997752,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,irenejcunningham,"I find this game challening but not too hard. I like playing it with friends. I do like the current features and I look forward to what else they produce. However, I would love to see more choices in the hero you play (race, age, gender, advantages/dsadvantages), the ability to set traps to catch animals. I recommend this game to anyone that likes having to plan while they play."
76561198161007953,Recommended,307880,19468121,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,CraftCrazy11,100/10
,Recommended,307880,14942708,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Ogad,"First off, let me start by saying the developers have a great foundation for what could be a game that rivals The Forest or even Skyrim.  There are many things they are doing right, but there is much they could do to make this game even better.What they're doing right so far:- Crafting recipes, Craftable Trees Rocks and Vegetation, Mining, Building, Looting of Corpses, Hunting & Skinning- Challenging survival mechanics including body temp and hunger- Enemies that aren't too tough to kil with a decent weapon (as opposed The Forest)- A decent starting amount of weapons & armor (though I hope to see much more!)- Large map to explore with a day and night cycle, as well as changing weather.- A realistic sun, making it easier to navigate by (since there is no map as of yet)What they need to implement to make this a contender with The Forest and Skyrim:- Buildable storage chest that cann be built and placed the same way a fire or shelter is built  & placed.  With at least 30 slots of inventory space.  This will help organize crafting materials, instead of having to toss dozens of them in a big pile on the ground.  The craftable pouches and backpacks just don't cut it.- A bed, or sleep function in order to pass day to night or night to day quicker.- Projectile weapons like a bow or spells with craftable arrows or scrolls.  This will make hunting a bit easier.- The ablity to build defensive walls around our camp/house to better fortify our base against the enemies.  There are plenty of trees to harvest, and this would give the player some much needed minecraft-esque creative freedom when it comes to building.  In addition to walls, custom buildings in general would greatly improve and lengthen the gameplay experience for players.- A heads up when a new game is started, explaining that when you die, your corpse and it's loot will be left behind at the spot of your death, and you will have to find it to recover your items.  I had no clue this was the case, and when I died in the first round, I thought that I had lost all of my stuff permanently and had to start from the beginning.  It was only a couple of deaths later when I stumbled across my old corpse and the items I had collected previously that I realized we didnt have to completely start from scratch everytime we died and respawned.- Add ponds/lakes and a thirst mechanic to make survival even more realistic.  In addition, ways to collect and store fresh water.  Fishing and water monsters could also be added.- Shields that you can block with in your secondary weapon hand.  Or the ability to dual-weild weaponry.- Caves or dungeons that can be entered and explored.- Unique/rare weaponry/armor hidden throughout the land.- Quests or story of some sort.  In other words, goals to keep us wanting to play even after we've explored all there is to explore/do/craft.- Performance improvements.  I have a high end gaming PC and the game doesnt run over 30fps.  I hope to see smoother character animations and 60fps gameplay before the final release.I purchased this game for $10 on sale.  For that price, in it's current state, I would recommend this game.  If they implement some of the features I mention above, then I could also recommend this game for its 25 dollar asking price.Keep up the good work.  I have high hopes for this title."
76561198017120606,Recommended,307880,14901732,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,targen,This game is going some where. Everything a rust fan like me wished rust could be.
76561197998060807,Recommended,307880,14918335,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Frank,"So far, I've got seeral hours in the game, and I gotta say, it's looking to be one of my favorite games right now. It's like DayZ and Skyrim had a baby, but everything works right. Multiplayer is only coop right now, but honestly, the game is very difficult solo, so it works out. 9/10"
76561198091385435,Recommended,307880,14856278,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,tbagger98,"decent graphics and building models. PVE has some work to be done i.e. hit points. mechanics are running smooth as well, although the rock mining is a little off. All in all a really great game to play. I'm sure it will have more development to make it even better."
76561198085224628,Recommended,307880,17939117,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Torva Wulf,This is such a fun game. It can be a little challenging when you first start playing because you dont really know where anything/everything is or how to get recipes and or materials. But i had hosted a server just for lol's and some real nice people joined and helped me understand what to do and how to make certain items. So if you want to have even more fun then join a server and talk and get help from the people on ther server.Now i know I only have like 3 hours at the time of the post but i plan on playing this game much much more especialy with my friends.
76561197974062156,Recommended,307880,17783544,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Xyemox,The game is not bad but needs a dedicated server desperately.
,Recommended,307880,17386485,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,kin,"Very promising looking title, it is EA so more work to be done, but as is I have spent quite some time building my character and exploring the island."
76561198042527470,Not Recommended,307880,33795771,Posted: 25 July,all,Yogscast Tony,"I got this game a while ago, hoping like many that it would improve into its potential. As of now, this game has not grown like it should, and the devs really don't seem like they intend to change that. I doubt I need to add my opinion to the already hearty throng of negative voices, but I wouldn't recommend this game. Part of me wants to hope that they genuinely are just on hiatus, but I think it would be a bit naive to hold my breath for that."
01001001011001011,Recommended,307880,17746568,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Legolas,"You are a savage.. These are your lands..Now go claim your land!PvP - Join a free for all server..get whacked by a naked guy..hit him once with your nice new sword..naked guy leave server, be lonely forever.Friendly - Join a friendly server..spend 5 hours trying to find an unmined rock.Enemies - The beach is safe..move further inland to hunt food or be hunted.You'll first encounter a wolf or a whole pack of them. If you don't die horribly they'll give you some nice loot.Skeletons Bash their heads back up bash their heads again.Bears, they aren't very nice. If you run into these they'll charge you at godly speeds with weird running animations and then instakill you most likely.Other enemies include the dragon, and upgraded versions of the basic enemies.You - You're a butt naked savage. With the new customization system you can now be shrek, or some other weird looking savage.Lacks content, and professional game design. That's about all."
76561198212760223,Recommended,307880,19041871,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,{GTS} Sir Güttü,My first survival game on steam and i must say..... it is A LOT better than i expected
,Recommended,307880,19040843,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,reelremedy,"Love the thought of the game and can't wait for future development, its great to explore alone, and to work together with friends and family. Bugs here and there that of course can always be fixed, but otherwise its a great take on survival in an open environment. Its not to graphically taxing on most computers and the the effects and sound make a great image of being in the ""now"" perspective. Hope you enjoy it too, and as always patience is a virtue. :)"
,Recommended,307880,17403983,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Zuldaris,"I feel this game would benefit greatly if the following are implimented:1. Map: Especially in a game where you can die from the cold, its nice to know where a fire is. I'm sure I eventually will be able to make one anywhere with the right materials, but there is nothing telling me how at the start.2. Tutorial: What is there now is just a to do list.  I can tell the red bar is health, but what the blue and yellow bars are? I found out online, but I feel a game should teach you the basic UI via in-game tutorial. Gone are the days of manuals, and alt-tabbing out to Google, YouTube, etc. ruins the immersion of the game.  I realize this is a survival game, so something quick and simple so we aren't taking our focus off the experience itself.I feel these features could help get players into the game quicker, and help reduce frustration by making navigation more predictable.Review edited as I felt it sounded too negative :)"
,Recommended,307880,14956089,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,cutthroat,Very good. Enjoying it a lot. Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,307880,22129697,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Fraydor,"the BETA version of the game is better then the accual game. the BETA game has nice bright graphic easy item composing menu's, weapons are easier the find and its easier to suvive for a couple of days. and the maps a lot bigger then the accual game. the monster are more spead out making it easier to avoid them or escape. the game runs pritty smooth altho their isnt much to do in the game. the town is also in a lot better condition in BETA and is a lot more usable with rooms with doors on so you can spend the night with out risk of being attacked or getting cold, in the accual game town a complete reck and no use what so everthen accual game in my opinion isnt as good as the BETa versionthe game clitch's on my system its gets dark a lot quickier its harder to see ware your going the monsters are a lot closer together meaning surviving 1 day can sometime be a challange the iteam are harder to get altho their is more iteams to craft. the system isnt as clear on what iteams you need to create them or how to get them. and the process of placing building on the land scape isnt as good as the BETA, the map is tiny and can be memoried with in an hour. again their isnt much to do again in this version.this game has the Potential  to be great but need a lot more work.i wish they would go back to the way things are in the Beta version (Legacy Branch) as that version has a better feel of quality.the game really needs some kind of mission system adding to it as their is littary nothing to do in the game execpt collect iteams and compose them witch gets borring very fastit would be nice if you could rescue NCP's (none commissioned players) and bring them back to the town so the town can expand and maybee open up a couple of shopsanother thing that could be added to the game with the town expanding is town defence iteams as the night falls their could be hords of monster that you have to fight of untill the dawn comes to keep your towns people safe"
76561198172200962,Recommended,307880,28109318,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Beliant,"man, I'ts just great... oh I know that have a lot of bugs to fix and optimizations to do, but thats why it's EA, don't expect a full game right now.... but I made a lot of friends on servers, they are very friendly, and it's very easy to create a server to play with ur friends, I had a lot of fun playing this game, and are great updates comming, would be great to see the commuity growing... and it's not an easy game when u first start, it's as grindy as fun, are always something to do! buy nd have fun!"
,Recommended,307880,16541976,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Vaskez777,"First off, I don't review a game very often, but as far as I can tell this one is worth it.Secondly, this game is far more about survival and closer realism than any of the other games like it I've played.Start out on an island half naked, okay seen that, find things and then build things - it's all been done before, so what makes this one stand out? it's hardness level, okay so you've got a fire to keep warm and its night time, but you're getting hungry, if you didn't stock up on food then you better go freeze to death to find something to kill and eat, but while you're at it, realistic stupid skeletons and crazy wolves will chase you to death.You get the point, but I play this one more than most of them as with a friend trying to create a base, its really enjoyable and seeing as the game has almost weekly updates, we're sticking around.oh and to top it all off, if you did survive everything else, beware the freaking dragon as it will chase you down until it kills you; literally.Pros:+Fun to play+Minimal to No FPS or Server Lag+good amount of updates and content+enjoyable with friends+The server you host, saves locally, so you can open it up for when you and friends want to play again.+the future of the game (in my mind) will be epic (magic is being added later)+most well balanced survival game.+graphics are amazing.Cons:-Server is local, hard to play with random people across the globe unless you organise with them-dragon will chase you until you are dead-buildings have issues of snow falling through them(yes i have a roof), and for that matter, not just snow, but dragon fire (you can build a respawn point)-I hope you like winter, for not only Winter is Coming, but it is always winter.-Resources are scarce unless you travel far and wide and build mini settlements over the place.as you can see the cons are barely cons, they are things that hinder you only due to your own lack of preparation, avoid the dragon, server issue well, i dont know. the winter effect is nice and we built in one place and the rocks and trees are gone... our fault for not having more resources.One thing to be cautious of is the weapon and armor warmth to coolness factor, and on top of that it's durability, if you know you are going to die to a dragon, drop your armor, it will still be there but if you are wearing it, it will be destroyed, which is fair, you are meant to survive and it was my own fault for climbing up his tower =Dlove this game so much."
,Recommended,307880,18651614,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Andre Solo,"""Survive an opressive enviorenment""  (aka: spend lots of time punching trees or whatever) games never were my cup of tea. But I'll always be a fan of Skyrim, and that's where THIS GAME comes in and brings me to this whole new gaming style. Super cool. Devs doing a great job. Looking forward to spend more time in it!"
,Recommended,307880,14834698,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ggdograa,"I think it's a given that Early Access games aren't worth the time or money. Having said that, if you've played a survival game recently then you know exactly what you're in for and Savage Lands doesn't really do anything new. I wish there wasn't just a yes or no recommendation for this game because your tolerance for this kind of genre will make or break whether or not you enjoy the game overall.It's basically the same thing we've seen a hundred times, you chop down trees, collect wood, stone, food, etc and try to survive as long as possible. Crafting requires a lot of resources and they're not all that easy to come by.The setting feels like something out of the Elder Scrolls series but the combat is extremely simplistic. I killed wolves and skeletons and saw a Dragon in the distance but froze to death before I could reach it.If you're looking for another game to spend a few dozen hours getting lost in, then there are worse games out there.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2x8CZWeIXPU"
76561197970952324,Not Recommended,307880,33300951,Posted: 5 July,all,Barahur,"This is yet another Early Access game that failed to live up to expectations. The developer has basically cashed out on this project and has moved on yet continues to leave this game for sale with a vague promise of MAYBE resuming development at some future date. This is extremely unethical and dodgy on the part of the developer and I assume they are stringing people along just to abuse the Early Access system and trick people into buying it thinking it's still being actively developed. The game hasn't seen an update in a really long time and for some it's unplayable due to bugs that will probably never get fixed.This unfinished mess should be removed from ""Early Access"" and indeed should be pulled from the Steam store. However, Valve is greedy as hell so I don't expect that to happen even if this developer never bothers with this game again.For my part, I'll never buy anything from these guys again. I strongly suggest others to avoid any future projects from this developer unless you want to take the risk of them abandoning those projects unfinished as well."
76561198098438755,Not Recommended,307880,35334184,Posted: 30 September,all,Artemis,Does steam offer refunds for abandonware? If not they should
76561197999508131,Not Recommended,307880,33446341,Posted: 10 July,all,u571x15,"Don't Buy, game's dead"
76561197997409566,Recommended,307880,20451407,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,dubbc,Pretty good. Hosting games can get you resources! XD
,Not Recommended,307880,33413361,Posted: 9 July,all,Azza Kazam,"ABANDONED! Developers have done a runner, don't buy!!"
76561198004086047,Not Recommended,307880,34878418,Posted: 11 September,all,MagnusGrey,"Devs basically said they were walking away from finishing this for a long period of time to work on another project instead. They are also being extreemly hostile to upset game owners on the forums, frequently insulting people who have very valid reasons to be upset and effectivly censoring a lot of negative feedback so that other potential customer will not see it. Stay away, this behavior is all kinds of unacceptable, small team or no."
76561198068002742,Recommended,307880,18794302,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,AK98,"This is a really good survivale game! The whole setting is really refreshing, its like playing a skyrim survival game. even though the game is in early acsess Ihave found few errors and i thoughroughly enjoy the content that is availiable, playing with freinds is easy and really fun and the game is just as fun on your own. There is also some good law and backstory to alot of parts of the game such as the dragon, weapons and special enemies. Although the game may not be aimed to be horror it still keeps you awake and focused making you look over your shoulder with every sound! Its great fun and definetly worth the money.  I reccomend it if you like survival, fantasy and base building!"
76561198140981875,Recommended,307880,18588321,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Chibi Revan,"I and two friends spawned in our multiplayer world. First thing I found was clothes, an ax, and a couple apples. Not badFound friends. One had not found any clothes, other had full armor and a compass. Dangit.Found giant spiked mace laying on shore. Dubbed it, ""shusher""Came back to camp, got lots of praise for my ""shusher""Sun came up. I and a friend went out to hunt. First creature we found was a wolf plague-bearer. Shushed it. Traveled to village, set up shop, and began foraging about for crafting materials.Was attacked by forest giant. Barely shushed him and survived. Came back with materials. Accidentally walked through campfire and perished in the flames. (only had 5% health after forest giant).Respawned nearly naked and was attacked by wolf. killed it. Came back to village and equipped my previous gear just as dragon soared by, torching me. Died AGAIN.12/10 too much to survive."
76561198135112478,Recommended,307880,18208374,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,orio slinger,nearly one of the most fantastic games ive ever seen
76561198258581165,Recommended,307880,23026569,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Matt (hun/eng),"I don't know how to rate this. I think it's one of the best survival games out there, it has a great atmosphere, good graphics, and it's not over-compliated either. The framerate is bad but i'm sure they will fix it at some point.Now, what i really hate about this is that they added ores, which can be found around the world.  That being said, i pretty much searched the whole second island and i couldn't even make a full set of armor from the ores i found. I think there should be way more ores, it ruins the game. without the equipment you will die on every monster you envounter on island 2, which makes it even harder to find those ores. And this makes multiplayer pointless, there's not enough ore for 1 players, how could it be enough for 8? It was a lot better when i could just get ores from the rocks."
76561198077854528,Recommended,307880,21377628,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,KimJongLongDong ©™,"Here my brutaly honest review of this game.- id say all the negative reviews are from when the game was old or haters that cant farm for an hour to get good itemsPros:I really think this game is good because theres tons of content map wise. Ive heard of the new island that came out all though know nothing about it, it took me an hour to trek all the way across the island and on the way the farther you go the harder guys you face, i found a skeleton boss tree midgets that take 50 arrows to kill and mother ♥♥♥♥ing plague wolves.While there arnt many weapons or gear to make and sue in the game there are those few items that are near impossible to get and while I have a rather low play time on this game as on the writing of this review I can see this.This games combat is very challenging. At the start its basicly you use the starter item and 2 shot all the enemys then you walk past the dragons tower and find the crazy strong guys like plague wolves where you fight 3 at a time and they do like 13 dmg per hit while you take 10 or more to kill them.This game is addicting and I think extremely scary. the first time I saw a boss besides the dragon it was this op looking skeleton with full armor and a big sword then out of nowhere a plague wolf hits me in the back(they say GYAAA or some♥♥♥♥♥♥when you attack you the first time) and I about♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.If you dont have any urgent need of money and you have 15$ laying around get this game, it gets boring after the about 4 hour mark then you go past the dragon area and start trying to get good items and the game gets way harder and reels you in.The multiplayer is like dont starve where you just make a lobby and people can join ive never had any connection errors even playing with my brother in the same house which you usualy need a bunch of dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥to be able to do.No long load times, max like 1 minuteCons:There is a lack of items or variety of guys but with the hardness of getting the end game items it is still fun and takes a long time.Theres no way in hell you can beat the bosses alone, id say ths isnt a con but im just going to say this, no you cant beat that dragon alone dont even try.the movement isnt the smoothest, when you look to the sides or up and down its not amazingly smooth but i got used to it in half an hour. This is by far a good game to buy and its early access so they will keep updating it and making it better."
76561198169349303,Recommended,307880,18422304,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,mauricio.gonzalez98,"I've only played this game for five hours but I love it, the only problem I have is that your stats go down really fast and it's hard to actually go on an adventure and discover the world without getting killed by a skeleton or a pack of wolves. But it is a great game that can take some getting used to."
,Recommended,307880,17906936,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Ski the Madman,"This is a pretty good game. Its hard at first, but you can learn how to survive pretty quickly. You can learn even more if you pay online, the community is fairly free of trolls and most everyone wants to help out. After a while i started to figure things out and started to have a much more enjoyable time. Doing things online is fun but you have to be thinking of your party's survival and can be pretty hard. Solo your on your own and have no help, but it can be easier to survive in certain situations. It also has plenty of bosses to make the game interesting and gives it more of an adventure vibe rather than survival at times and when you beat the bosses, it just feels great. Its not even dont yet and even though i got it on sale for about $15, i would have gladly paid the full $20. It has so much potential to be an awesome game and i can't wait to see where the devs are going to take it.#RussianWildernessSimulator10/10 would build town next to dragon tower again :-)"
76561197992157793,Not Recommended,307880,33497431,Posted: 13 July,all,Psilocycho,"Bought this game because I thought it looked like it had potential, it's abandoned and hardly even playable in its current state."
,Recommended,307880,14917091,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,odinhour,LOVE IT! CAN'T WAIT FOR WHAT'S NEXT.
76561198048227297,Recommended,307880,14862273,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Hairybeaver,"This game has been very good so far, its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, you can kill dragons, orcs, skeletons and wolves. its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!"
76561198045378124,Recommended,307880,17875347,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,LPtD,"Having a lot of fun in this game so far, it's pretty unforgiving when you begin, so expect to make mistakes and to freeze to death a fair bit. But once you have half-way decent armour and tools/weapons things get easier. I've been particularly enjoying the drop-in-drop-out nature of multiplayer and have met some very helpful players who've exchanged tips & spare equipment and aided in building bases and taking down giants.I feel that the dragon may have a vendetta though, he's attacked and chased me twice, totally gutting one of my camps.I would like to see the addition of some fortifications you can build around your settlements, maybe a wooden stockade/fence, maybe watchtowers.The game gets a bit laggy sometimes, but this doesn't detract too much from the fun - in fact sometimes a bit of lag works in your favour when chasing down deer..."
76561198016115686,Recommended,307880,17950814,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,wolverine,"Greeting's!/Salutations!!!... One And All!!!...A-Couple Thing's + I Would Like To See Added To This Game! #1-Make The Pine Storage Box Moveable(Like ctrl+?(whatever key The designer's see to be correct/As Long As The Pine Storage Box Is Moveable With The Stuff Inside -Intack)! #2-The Monsters I Need To Know How Many Hit-Points Each Monster Has!!!... #3-A Map That The Player Will Be Drawing That Is In Hand And Can Brought Up To Large Scale To See Where A Person Has Been! I Am Most Sure That Wayfaring Adventuer's Will Do This In A Survive Stituation! Since There Is Cotton-Coal Turned To Charcoal=A Cloth Map I Am Sure Would Be Made!!!... #4-This Is A D&D Also, Type Game! Would Like To Find Some Caves With Treassure, Weapons, And Shelter!!!... #5-Add A X-Box Contrillor Use To The Game!!!... #6-Add Being Able To Make Various Types Of Shields From Bucklers(wood) To Tower Shields(Steel)(Since There Are Forges There Should Be Shields Too!!!...-#7-Make The Right Mouse Button Useable For Blocking With Shields And Etc.(Preferably With A X-Box Controller!!!...)!!!... So, Far ""I"" Am Enjoying The Game!!!..."
,Recommended,307880,20432418,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,DeViLzzz,An action RPG game set in a hostile environment where before you even get to the enemies you will have trouble not dying.  I have to say that for all I heard about a lack of content uh in my almost 4 hours of playing I had more than enough to do and it was a tense experience.  It felt how a survival game should feel and it also felt like I was in a Skyrim-like world.  Now I got this game during the Steam Winter Sale so I did not pay the current full price but I could easily pay for $20 for this and feel comfortable about it.  I definitely can recommend this to others but realize people it is an early access game and so things can change and the game might not even work from time to time.
,Recommended,307880,25223763,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Emrico1__1,"If you are the kind of person that buys an early access game then rage quits because of bugs, best you avoid this game and stick with big studio games. It is early access and should be treated as so. Don't expext a polished finished title.You could be forgiven for only playing this game for 20 minutes and never playing it again however. The initial impression is that it looks bad, runs bad and is broken. Some of which is true. It's hard to get past that but worth it.After persisting for a couple of hours you find a great deal underneath the surface including a deep crafting tree, an expansive and interesting map and a breadcrumbs like story line that is worth a look.I think I'm done with Savage Lands for now but with more time and optimisation, a really good game could come of this.For my short time playing here are my tips to the devs;1. The coal dependency is too high.2. The sword fighting needs more swings and a parry.3. The stamina runs out too quickly.4. Building from the journal is not very intuitive.All of which might be already set to be fixed/changed."
76561198045123953,Recommended,307880,14769097,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Rage,"My First Impressions Review:This game is great, although it felt a bit barren at times. But this could have been due to a bad seed.Graphically I would even say that this is a masterpiece. Some scenes looks like it belongs more in a oil paint than in this game, it is that good.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJx_4ZCXgzYI love the building system, unlike other survival games, Savage Lands doesn't just throw you into the world without no instructions. Your Journal comes very handy in explaining the basic mechanics of the game. The building system is simple and yet intuitive.The only thing I had to look it up was how to find sinew. Other than that the game this game is almost perfect.It could use a few more living things in the world. The skies are empty and would benefit from some sort of life flying around.One frustrating thing is that if you die, you loose everything unless you can get back where you died. However the fact that you don't even start with the basic tools that you started the game with it's very disappointing. It's easier to start a new save than bothering getting everything back. Hopefully the developers will fix this soon. Yes I'm looking at you dev dude :)I'd recommend getting a good grasp of the game before venturing too far. A weapon is a must.Here are the Pros and Cons of this game:Pros:+Gorgeous graphics+SImple and Effective building system+Great Mechanics+Instructions are certainly a plus+Multiplayer GamesCons:-Barren world at times-Lots of exploration required to find what you need-No basic tools/loot after death.-Character model needs improvement.This game is totally worth getting. I am looking forward to play it again and again. If you like survival games this is a must."
76561198048034277,Recommended,307880,16991209,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Aburn,extremely good game :)
76561198055584578,Recommended,307880,18844135,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,drice59,very fun
,Recommended,307880,18346000,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,zaphodikus,"Interresting, will watch where this goes."
76561198049902916,Recommended,307880,18621309,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,(NativeAmerican)reyesatsarobledo,Savage Lands is a good game it has alot of potential but it needs more new things like dlc bosses new enemys weapons armor etc
76561198072079093,Recommended,307880,16340631,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,AonghusIgnatius,"Found mysterious village. Before I could explore it, realized I was almost freezing, so ran back to my campsite. Almost froze to death while looking for a piece of flint to restart my fire. Restarted fire with 20% health left. Shook fists in the air shouting ""I AM ALIVE!!!"". Then looked at my hunger, and realized I was starving to death. Exited to desktop. To be continued.20/10 would break into tears again."
,Recommended,307880,14751048,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,ForTheHorde,"Played a few hours with my friend and we had a ton of fun, ended up almost making a town hall, finished a few houses and working on the stone house. The fighting is hard, bleeding sucks, finding bandages are hard so basically when you are bleeding get to a safe place! Playing this game Coop is a must - single is fun but to have a friend to help you harvent lumber - stone - ore etc it makes the game a lot more fun.The combat reminds me a lot like Skyrim - so it's amazing, once you master the range of the weapon (you know just like in Minecraft, keep a certain distance) you can sort of troll most fights with wolves...Game has huge potential and if you like Skyrim meets Rust meets Minecraft then grab this game and pray the developers will stick to this and let us continue to play the best  sandbox available.CONS:Servers hold 8 players, blahThats my only con, and that will change in no time I am sure we will see larger servers!Oh and the Dragon sits on a tower and you can't climb it, that's pretty poo. ;)"
,Recommended,307880,25206280,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Some old gamer,"**** Review Update - 8/28/16 ****I purchased Savage Lands about a year ago, late July early August 2015.  I'm amazed at how far the game has progressed in only a year.When I first played Savage Lands, the graphics weren't anything to brag about, there were few enemies that were easily defeated, food was scarce, but it had the giant sand box feel that I love.  I invested about 18 hours in the game and by that point I had crafted most of what could be crafted and done what could be done back then.  I saw that the developer was constantly improving the game in the short amount of time I played it, so I figured I'd check back in a year or two.I played Savage Lands for the first time this year yesterday and I have to say WOW.  Who ever is developing this game is doing a fantastic job and clearly working very hard.The graphics have improved dramatically, there are many more craftable items, more animals, more enemies, and a story to go with it.No more logs rolling out of my house, no more stacking logs on the up hill side of a big rock by the beach to feed my fire. When I first played logs and other equipment used to roll under the front wall of any structure and then into the ocean because the structures didn't sit on the ground flush, they kind of hovered on the low land side of the structure.  You really had to search around for the most flat part of the island to lay buildings down, this has changed dramatically.Right now my survivor is camped on a little island off the shore for his own safety.  I found the wimpy skeletons that were once the only enemy lurking near the shore.  I found an abandoned castle and inside a found an undead warrior who bum rushed me and damn near killed my survivor.  I barely escaped alive.So far I've crafted 8 small 4 slot pouches to store gear, collected a few 20 stacks of logs to feed my fire, built up a decent food store by knifing rabits with my stone sword, and have collected two of each stone tool: axe, sword, and hammer.  Before I knew it almost 3 hours had passed and I can't wait for my next chance to get lost in this game.To the developer, keep up the good work, this game is becoming a gem."
76561198027671354,Recommended,307880,15985189,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,jsatterfield,"Overall this game has been quite a bit of fun and I like where the game is headed.  My recommendation is based on the below:- Learning curve is fairly sharp to start.  You are literally dropped on a beach with minimal supplies and then you figure out the rest on your own.  I personally like that style of gaming, but it may not be for all.- The developers are very active.  They are continually adding content and fixing bugs all over.  With that said, the game is early enough in development that the game can turn out to be an awesome survival game or a complete flop without any depth.  Time will tell.- Modding is on the table, but they have not decided on adding support for this yet.  This will be a deciding factor for me in the long-run.  Mods can add a lot of depth and speed the creation of assets that might have taken developers months or years to get to (if they add them at all).  This game is positioned very well to support modding so we will see.- Player base is committed and active on the boards and trello (a voting site where you can vote for the features you want to see next).If you like survival games and are willing to contribute to the development of the game, you will find an active community and get in on the ground floor of a potentially great game.  If you are expecting a full-fledged game with story and list of to-dos, you might want to wait a few months and check back.Happy hunting!"
,Recommended,307880,15993911,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Asion,"Interesting Game. Initially it seems impossible, stick with it, it gets easier to survive, you get better at dominating your environment, food becomes less of an issue, the cold gets easier to deal with! Then you move into the Islands interior and get to deal with not one wolf at a time but but 5, not one skeleton at a time but 6, giant bears and weird looking walking bushes that make the ground shake! After 70 hours this game still makes me jump out of my skin and the Dev's are just starting to warm up, they didn't turn on the dragons yet......."
76561198145210752,Recommended,307880,19114033,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Average_Everyday_Fish007,awesome
76561198065494435,Recommended,307880,14852147,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Death's Disciple,"I've played 26.7 hours at this point... I've missed two days of work to play... WTF more can I say... This game is addicting! If you want to be addicted, unemployed, and homeless buy this game now. If not, go on with your boring lame life and you won't ever knw how boring your life really is. If they had female models or at least some type of medival fantasy porno, I would quit life and just play this game. Thank God they don't have any of that yet. When they do, I'm going to cancel my youporn subscription. My life from here on out seems bleak but also very exciting..."
76561197988204596,Recommended,307880,14914235,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Finlearson,"Savage lands started like any other survival game, too many placed resources to start you off. I quickly felt the game was too easy. plenty of resources game to hunt and a rare wolf here or there. I was thinking that the game was too easy, waiting for an update to increase difficulty. With nothing else to do I started venturing further north. Within minutes I start getting attacked by packs of wolves. It's great that the difficulty increases the further you travel, giving players a chance to increase at their own pace.Game is great as it is, but I can't wait to see what they do with the magic system. I just hope they don't make it too easy to hunt and kill things."
76561198257512043,Recommended,307880,29495067,Posted: 25 January,all,Virgil,I actually really like this game and am excited to see what the developers do with it in the future. it has a lot of unique features and handles fairly well. it has its issues sure but for an early access game it runs really well. I keep having an issue with the starting task list that i hope gets resolved in the next patch and there are still a lot of kinks to be worked out but thats to be excpected and feel this game has a lot more to it than most give it credit for.
,Recommended,307880,17197413,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ejaksetic,"I have tried various Early Access games, and Savage Lands is one of the better ones.   It is challenging, and makes you think about what you need to do to stay alive and not be killed by hunger, the cold, or hostile creatures.   There are a few minor glitches (e.g., sometimes deer running away from you go into a ravine and disappear), but the controls are fairly easy to understand and learn.   Staying alive and improving your situation is a bit of a grind in the early stages, but that grind reflects the premise of the player being exiled on a hostile island with little equipment and left to fend for survival.I hope the developers keep up their good work.  I recommend Savage Lands for anyone interested in survival-type games (and who is willing to try an Early Access game).Update to my review: It's been a bit more than 2 weeks since my original review.  The more I play Savage Lands, the more I like it ---- even when I occasionally make a mistake and suffer the consequences.  Now, I rate it as one of the top 3 of all the Early Access games I've played.  Thanks to the devs.  I am looking forward to their future efforts at making Savage Lands even better."
76561198055325721,Recommended,307880,17002763,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,datadawg469,"First let me say that I am really lovin this game so far, it's just like Skyrim with a twist. Has lots of potential and I can't wait to see the end result.That being said, I have only noticed one issue that I have with this game, and that would be the lack of a map, compass marker, or any other kind of an indicator as to where your spawn point or base camp is. Now I'm not saying that a lot of work to that end would be nessessary, but something, anything, to point you back to that respawn point that you can build (short pole with 3-4 skulls on it) would be really nice. I can do without a map if I have to, but something, please... I have had to restart my game a few times already because I keep loosing track of my bases.....Anyways, like I said, love this game and would deffinately recommend!  Thanks Dev team, keep up the good work!"
76561198054144206,Recommended,307880,17195693,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Dougler,!0/!0 like the forest with Skyrim
,Recommended,307880,14754344,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Jivecookie,"Gameplay with concise review:http://youtu.be/ky7XCcvqadcSavage lands is a very non forgiving close to hardcore survival game with a mystical skyrim feel. Throughout playing Savage Lands, there was many factors of the game that seemed to be replicated from games like The Forest, and throughout the both the similarities became dissapointing. It did not completely throw away my experience of Savage Lands but it is just a warning to the people who don't like games like The Forest, because this is like The Forest.I am going to leave the pros and cons down below,  and I will then conclude my final opinion.Pros:-------------------------------------- Advanced AI and unique creature animations make NPC's scary and immersively realistic.- Inventory system along with crafting is bugless, and very easy to use.- Graphics are decent enough to immerse me into the gameplay.- The game takes realistic survival factors and implements them into the game, including a body temperature system which drops exponentially at the night. This makes the game challenging in a good way.- Dragons...pretty damn cool- Various creatures, all of which have their own unique properties, made the game much funner to explore.- Ruins and towns, gave the game a mysterious feel, making exploration enjoyable.Cons:----------------------------------------------------- Badly Optimised, lagg spikes often on Good enough computer.- Combat system is clunky and skill-less, causes combat to be quite unenjoyable and I found myself avoiding some creatures because there is no proper way to block in the game, and I would die inevitably. Also the NPC's tend to hit you even if there animation is not directly hitting you on screen. Quite dumb.- Parts of the game such as cutting down trees and crafting seems like a clone of The Forest and it slightly throws away the uniqueness of the game.- Your character cannot jump up on rocks at most times, moveability is uncomfortable, and even when shift sprinting, animals can catch you and kill you.Final Conclusion:-------------------------------------The game succeeds to appetise my survival addiction through it's mysterious and mystical gameplay environment and harsh survival factors. If you enjoyed The Forest I definitaly recommend this game to you!"
,Not Recommended,307880,14792967,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,The Wire Wisk,Great idea for a game.  I was excited to play.  Was.  I'll give it another try at next update.  I can't find any purpose in clicking respawn right now.  I know it it's early access but I can not reccomend this game.  Maybe worth 5 dollars right now on the off chance you might enjoy it for the weekend.  Will gladly update this review when the game is recommendable.  And I will be checking.  Biggest issue right now is you will feel like you have zero control in your destiney.  If things around you happen to go right you will live for while and maybe build a house or something.  But 90% of the time you will be attacked by a wolf or just freeze to death before you have any sort of opportunity to do whatever it is your supposed to do while your surviving.  Very shallow experience so far.  I would make reccomendations but I think it would be insulting to the company to assume they think this is an even close to good enough product right now.  So I'll trust they have some sort of plan to put together a decent title here in the next few weeks.  And we will go from there.
76561197971571163,Recommended,307880,25102514,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Captain Suicide,"This game won't take you by the hand one bit. The ""touturial"" is for♥♥♥♥♥♥and from second one you start to freeze and starve to death. That's the fun of the game. You realy need to look for ways to survive. If you are stuck at some point or confused about controls, there is always the wiki. If you are looking for a game where ""survival"" is not ""chop a tree, build a house, plant crops"", you found it. Even if you think you are doing well, death is just around the next corner."
,Recommended,307880,22147019,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,_-=Groove=-_,"Congratulations to the Devs, excellent work!"
76561198018412716,Recommended,307880,22148816,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,TermX,Still buggy but its a fun survival game!
,Recommended,307880,22149367,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,abominablequief,"It's similar to Skyrim but has the basic survival elements to it.  Great game, I just hope they add some sort of storage other than the player inventory"
76561198116522643,Recommended,307880,18000425,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,rustybucket95,Dying of hypothermia has never been so rewarding. My rapture only heightened when I contracted food poisoning. You will die often.
76561198028732651,Recommended,307880,18027038,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,icametoparty,"I am in love with this game! Bought it on sale, had it on my wishlist for a while now, just been waiting for the right time (:My first try I literally died because I couldnt figure out how to get a stick... My second try I died of cold. My third try I got murdered by wolves. Fourth, finally came to realise I should probably make basecamp instead of travelling around, dies of starvation.Couldn't survive alone lol, still couldnt resist respawning and playing over :PAlthough its early access it's still really enjoyable I've so far made camp and have been working on ""my land"" built many structures and havnt done much adventuring yet, just mostly making basecamp lol.The gameplay is nice, I do recommend that loot should be dropped every time you chop a bush down, makes it hard for you to find frostberries,  or I do reccommend to make a whole new bush thats for sticks only and another for frostberries only.I also sudjest Traps for animals perhaps, and possibly more structures to build.I would like to also see a planting mechanic such as trees or frostberries, also making the frostberries seeds rare to drop or something like that.Possibly add a map system of some sort or make the firepit smoke visible from afarAnd could you make the compass a little less dark looking its hard to see the needle ends or even distinguish them sometimesThe daylight system is great but i think there should be less wind/snow the night+win/snow isn't fun at all, nightime is already creepy alreadyAlso a healthbar for the monsters and deer, make it a little easier for beginnerBesides that the game is fun and I havnt stopped playing since I've boughten it lolI do look forward to the updates in the game (:"
76561197970591578,Recommended,307880,20218302,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Wildwolfy,"I really love this Game i love the whole Viking feel to it not to mention the crafting side also, I love survival games and i like that mostly at night is when the predators come out to get you.I really recomend this game as its pack with allot of goodies and crafting, abd also some extre goodies it kept me going for some time. Wicked game top marks"
,Recommended,307880,16226399,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Aquilae,"Played this game for several hours with my friend, this game is really fun.We made a house and then hunting animals for food, crafting , mining, and doing some other stuff.But there's something that was bothering me when we play, we haven't see any special enemies like lycor, or the forest monster and something like that, we only found out some skeletons, pig, deer,and the damn wolf and decayed wolf.And my comment is can you make the special enemies to spawn more or maybe something like making it to spawn frequently. Also, can you please make the map become more variative because i am really bored of this map -- .Maybe you can add more props and also generate different trees and structures from time to time , because all that i only can see from time to time was the beach, and then go deeper to the forest and then i see the dragon's nest, then adventuring around it then i meet the beach again, then repeat really boring thing to do. Oww yeah and please make the monsters be able to destroy our house, because it would be more fun i guess."
,Recommended,307880,16360634,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,This game is hella fun.
,Recommended,307880,17723922,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Sly,"Having dabbled with a few survival genre games recently, this is the one that I have probably enjoyed the most. The content is definitely on the light side of things currently and I won't lie, you definitely are buying into the potential rather than the current situation - it's an early access game so that should not be a shock.The physics aren't perfect and the mechanics of crafting/exploring/gathering require some getting used to but I've had good fun running around the map with a friend. Going on little missions to find new areas, attacking enemies we aren't ready for and getting lost in the process. It needs work but I still think it's good fun."
,Recommended,307880,18965477,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Rockness Monstah,"This game has potential.  It's Alpha so don't expect much, but there are definitely things to do in the game to keep you occupied.  There was a recent update, but I'm not too sure how frequent updates come out.  This game sorta fills my Ultima Online void that i've been missing.  Its still too early, but if they did some tweaking, this game would be great.DEV, in case you see this, here are my suggestions for the game:- Make more lands with different weather, animals, etc.  Even if going to the next land requires an instance and needs to be loaded.- Introduce skills into the game.  No leveling, simple skill base.  You hack a tree, you gain Lumberjacking.  You hit a rock, you gain Mining.- Introduce fishing and lakes/ponds.- Boats!  get some boat crafting in this game once you have the ability to travel lands.Not sure if this game will EVER get this far, but, I sure hope it does.TLDR - Would I recommend?  Yes."
76561197972765934,Recommended,307880,18915178,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Grizlore,A worthy canvas for a master piece. So far so good but it is still just a working canvas. What is there is very immersive. Please keep the content flowing!
,Recommended,307880,18914195,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,cryoutloud89,"So far i really like this game, it is challening, the ambiance is good and the enemies hard, fir time meeting the dragon close and personal was a blast...Pun intended.I highly recomend this game for ever survival fan and skyrim fan out thereIt's like skyrim meets the forest."
76561198031891382,Recommended,307880,17468610,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,vondav1d,It is the best game that has come out so far for me .. hahahah LOVE IT!!! need some balance here and there but  what game does not have inbalance if you want a chalanging game a game where u can  build cool stuff and yet be killed  and not just max out op and gg .. but actuall fight to survive type of game damn this is IT...only issue i have is the resource are scarse to a maximum point  not enough stone to farm what u need  or drop rate is too low either one .
,Recommended,307880,18923159,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Alurict,"Still very early in development, but already a very fun & playable game. Great for messing around with friends. Hopefully it'll stay in development for a long time and they'll add better combat mechanics, housing interiors, more islands, and more gear/craftables.If you're looking for a fun time waster with friends, this is it. Skyrim 2.0 + multiplayer this is not."
,Recommended,307880,18944173,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Richard,"I regain conciousness, my boat smashed to pieces on the shore of the island. I came with friends, but after wandering the coastline I see only salvage and more smashed boats. I can only hope they went on without me. As I pick up an axe I recognise too well, I push the thoughts of my brothers out of my mind. We crossed the sea to escape the blight that befell our town - the undead and other creatures of the night still haunt my dreams. No more could we repel their relentless attacks. Alas, seeing city ruins and hearing a thunderous cry echo through the land, I begin to doubt the decisions of the elders.While trekking up the mountain I make quick work of the boars and wolves along the way. I fashion a lean-to and make a fire, but as I hear the beating of heavy wings, I quickly extinguish it to avoid the flying lizard that just passed overhead. The smoke lingers, and the creature double backs and lays waste to my camp. I sprint blindly forwards until my lungs can't take me any further, my tattered cloth giving little protection against the burning foliage I'm consumed by. After diving into a warehouse next to a small building, it seems I have lost it. I'll make camp here for the night. Perhaps I can regrow this into a village similar to one of home over the coming days.---I want to go on, because so much more happened in those 2 hours. I had to leave in the middle of the night to find more food; deers constantly springing away at the last second as hunger constantly threatens me.Awesome.After finding some food and berries, my torch blew out and I had lost my sense of direction in my chase. I spent 20 minutes getting gradually more and more desperate until my health started to rapidly decline from the cold. I make it back to camp with just 10% health left.Awesome.I died from ambush of wolves while miningAwesome.. But this time when I trekked back up to camp, I came across an abandoned dragon village.Awesome.Were these worshippers? Where did they go? What was in the dragons tower? The village had something very eerie about it. I grabbed the bow and began hunting deer like the nordic warrior I imagined myself to be.Awesome.After learning to chop down trees behind me to create a path, walking slowly to not startle deers, I was having good success. Then, after killing the dears I make my way back to camp; 5 wolves spring onto my back and kill me again!Awesome.A thank you to the developersGuys, that was an incredible experience. The desperation and raw situation you put us in make it extremely immersive to me. The environment was different, but realistic enough to get lost in incredibly easily. The wildlife was intimidating, the howling wind, branch snapping and bush rustling had me on edge constantly. The dragon village had some nice environmental story telling, and overall it just made one of the most immersive fantasy experiences I've had. There's a lot of room for imagination, which can be a wonderful thing for some games.Pros- Optimised well*, I don't have a great PC but it ran great on the highest settings.- Immersive, realistic environment both visually and audibly.- Great bleak atmosphere, I felt every emotion my character might.- It's difficult, but that's also a con- Use of cold felt particularly realCons- Inventory management is not good.- That survivors guide felt kinda tacky, but I appreciate you've put it in to help players, which is also a much needed thing- No inbuilt controller support- On first impressions, the worldfeelsempty. The ""inbetween bits"" are samey, which helps realism but detracts from the experience. Additionally, the focal points aren't interactable: the dragons tower was just that, a pillar of stone that you couldn't even climb to the top with.- Nothing that distinguishes it mechanically from other games in the survival genre (setting though was great)* I read some other reviews that said optimisation was a problem. I played solo locally but didn't build a lot. Lots of buildings and/or players might change the running of the game.TL;DRThis game is rough around the edges to say the least. The UI is horrible, and it's incredibly difficult to orient yourself. It's not clear how the craft system works and gathering materials is a bit of a pain. Survival games tend to be immersive by their nature, but this is the only one I've seen based on a fantasy setting, and boy does it deliver on that (based on first impressions). I doubt I'll play this a lot more, but I certainly enjoyed that experience - I look forward to the finished product."
76561197986955769,Recommended,307880,18959198,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Bloody Spy!,"I'll start by saying that Savage Lands is in very early development. The graphics are rather simple with basic textures and meshes, some sounds are rather simplistic in places with numerous placeholders (at least I'm assuming, and hoping), there's clearly a lot of content yet to be developed, and the whole experience is very rough around the edges.However, despite this very early stage Savage Lands already offers an wonderful immersive experience, which for me is the most important thing when it comes to a game. Light filters through the leaves on the trees during sunrises and sunsets, the howl of the bitter winter wind dies away as you walk inside a building only to escalate again as you step outside, eating food staves off hunger AND helps to generate essential body heat (a very nice, realistic touch that surprised me when I started to play). Animals make noises all around you in the woodland as deer betray their position to the keen hunter inside you, and wolves howl into the frigid night giving you a chilling reminder of the ever present threat that envelopes you on Sundered Isle. All of these draw you into the world of Savage Lands. The experience further pulls you into its world as the nightime suddenly transforms the already-hostile world into one that's even harsher and less forgiving. Creatures that are far more vicious (and even ghostly) start roaming the landscape once the Sun has disappeared, and your body temperature plummets at an alarming rate. Seeking refuge before nightfall and ensuring you have plenty of fuel for the fire are strong recommendations in this unforgiving world.The crafting system is very satisfying, such that you feel a genuine sense of achievement and progress when you craft a completely new or better item. For example, hunting deer becomes a lot easier and more fun once you've crafted a bow and arrows. Another aspect of crafting that's really pleased me is the ability to produce different pouches, bags, and rucksacks to increase the size of your inventory - AND the fact that you can have more than just one of them. This greatly increases the loot potential when you venture out into the wilds exploring.The game has a lot of potential and I've had good fun playing the entire time so far. So for the moment - with the caveat that this is very early alpha - I'm going to recommend Savage Lands.I will be updating this review over the coming months as the developers roll out new updates. Things I would really need to see in the game in the future include:- A more developed combat system that offers more attack types, blocking (which requires precise timing and aiming), and the introuction of shields into the game.- More weapons to craft, especially progressively more powerful bows to manufacture, two-handed weapons, and also spears for longer range thrusting attacks and for throwing.- Unique places to explore e.g. caves, rock faces and crevasses (and other unique geological features).- Some sort of levelling up or research system that unlocks more advanced craftables and buildings as you progress through the game.- Extra building options (free-form construction would be great) to develop a base building aspect to the game.With continued love and attention from the developers I can see Savage Lands turning into a real gem of a survival game. Definitely worth keeping an eye on if not buying right now. Happy surviving!"
76561198018974497,Recommended,307880,19301642,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,DSBM Wolf,"Savage lands is a pretty good game. 8.5/10 the graphics are decent, it's like rust but with dragons and elemental creatures. The elk and deer should be more alert along with some enimeis they are kind of dumb there are alot that can be fixed, Other than that it's a great game and I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,307880,18945040,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Soma,Great game even though it just started.  Theres alot that needs to be added but I belive this game will become something big.
76561198031415260,Recommended,307880,18963451,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Crowley,"Scrounged up some scattered supplies from the shore.Made a long journey inland, chasing some deer down along the way.Found a nice spot to set up camp.Got some basic structures going.Crafted a bow and took down some wandering game while gathing to buld up my camp.Took a moment to take in the scenery while warming up at the fire.See a Dire Wolf wandering by in the distance.Get cocky and take a shot at it with my bow.Wind up getting shredded.Respawn, and quickly race back to my corpse.Loot my own decapitated head, and stick it on a pike to decorate my camp.Life is good."
,Recommended,307880,19356941,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Rogue,6/10 Game [current state]10/10 Dev team. [community and development-wise]I have faith.
,Recommended,307880,18947143,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,IamLeperMessiah,"Great game with a lot of potential. Its like survival skyrim lol. Well minus the quests. :DOne thing they need to add is PoV setting, the default pov is kinda off for me. Other than that, great game! Cant wait to see what they do with this."
,Recommended,307880,18964338,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Raravin,"Living my first day feeling good, killed a dear and a couple of skeltons... Got some wood and some meat im set to live my very first day, I found a tower awesome perfect palce to set camp. Place my fire down and my tent all up ready go then a dragon lit me on fire and killed me... 10/10 would play again."
76561198097975154,Recommended,307880,19288112,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,[SPOOK]casper,Love this game. Limited environment so far but islands can be tricky especially in a snowstorm which is everyday. Haven't figured out how to get my hands on that dragon just yet but I will. If you are a lover of alphas then this one is a must have for the library.
76561198167940498,Recommended,307880,18896139,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,connerg019,this game is freaking awsome rn and the fact that there is a bunch of new thimgs being added all the time is even better 9.7/10 fun af must get
76561197994546022,Recommended,307880,18958744,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,JoneseyKempo,"So far so good,this will be amazing once is complte. The only down side is when you join your friends server and you both make a very good base and he logs out and you have to start over. other than that its greatLots of fun :)"
76561197977488517,Recommended,307880,18949545,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Chopper,"I regret giving this turd of a developer a good review, they have scammed us all and should be banned from steam for life."
76561198122766242,Recommended,307880,18928106,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Fookin Lasersights Farmskins.com,Skyrim survival cunfirmed... AWWWWWWWWW M5+3 this game is amazeaingeg 11/10 crafting simulator :) much wurff. No magic thho :(
76561198080834139,Recommended,307880,16188429,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,♓️ℌ𝔢𝔱𝔠𝔥♓,My favourite survival game right now :3
76561198222917840,Recommended,307880,16179759,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Porkiepie99,"Despite only being recently developed this game has managed to capture the essence of a survival game and keep it interesting with some twists like dragons and monsters. This game has a long way to go, but I believe it can become a great game, and is a diamond in the rough. I highly recommend this game, and I hope to see all of the changes to come in the future."
,Recommended,307880,16163952,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,premiumburtsbees,"Amazing game for what it is, some bugs here and there but I think the creaters will add much more to this game and create one of the best skyrim/7days to die games of all time!"
76561198163607470,Recommended,307880,16241396,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,[SF] Zets,Pigs are stronger than dragons. 10/10 thug bacon
76561198027191826,Recommended,307880,16567189,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kamster,"Promising game with nice mechanics, certainly worth the spondulux (money for all the white boys, including me).10/10 would get castrated by a wild boar again."
76561197972372286,Recommended,307880,17446585,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,McCormick,"It is somewhat difficult in single player, especially a night it is very unforgiving, but multiplayer it reminds me very much of Rust with a Skyrim atmosphere, just without all the PVP.I would definitely recommend trying this game out if you have a group of friends that like collection/survival games.You can host your own server that supports up to 8 players, we had some difficulty with players on the same network seeing the game, but restarts fixed it.The game needs fences and farming just for fun.  Hopefully the trees will grow back and the rocks will regenerate their supplies... maybe we just didn't play long enough.Anyways, I got the 4 pack and my friends who joined were all addicted.  If you like minecraft, get this, its similar."
,Recommended,307880,17518215,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,(RP) Rev Paul D,This game is brilliant I have only had it a week and played over 25 hours already.The survival is great the - Hunger - Cold -Foraging and the making of tools and armour to suit your situation.This is an open world (already big as an alpha) survival game were you will have to hunt cook build shelter to survive.It reminds me a bit of Skyrim but the survival aspects are far better and the multi-player dosent cost £40 extra.And the graphics weather and sunsets are greatI highly recomend this gamePaul
,Recommended,307880,17661437,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,N4,Killed by a dragon on day one.  That's savage.
76561198084756990,Recommended,307880,17684636,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,CASTRATION MAN,"built a house, built a forge. took on armies of Spooks, Plague Wolves and Dragons, became a man and the king of this land. I ruled with an iron fist no creature would dare oppose me in battle I WAS...Lying to you this entire review what happened was I got slapped like a little b***ch of a child who stole the cookies from the Jar. Never and I mean never build your house. NEXT. TO. A. DRAGON. If you do you will not be any of what I said above what will happen is you will be fooled into thinking you are doing well then that dragon will one day decide. nah m8 Imma burn yo shizzle down. AND THEN SEND AN ARMY OF PIGS TO ATTACK YOU......and some spooky skeletons. This escalated too quickly 4 me m9."
76561198074497984,Recommended,307880,16148974,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Quan,"I have to say, I was very skeptical about this game at first, I thought "" Oh wow another survival game.."" I started watching some videos about it and it really intrigued me, so I went ahead and bought it. Best decision of my life! I've played Day z, Minecraft, Rust, 7 Days to die, and all the other survival building games but nothing like this one. This game is amazing and full of twists and turns that you can't find by trying, because it will find you. There is so much to do and the co-op is great! I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes the games listed above because I gauantee it will become your new favorite. Hats off to the developers for being so active in the community and I can't wait to see what's in store for us all! 5/5 stars!"
76561198049275604,Recommended,307880,18928183,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Crsed,"As the game is as of 11-7-2015 I would say the game even if it isn't finished is a decent game. Think Minecraft with a little more realism and better graphics, albeit with only one world that never changes and has only one Biom and NO easy mode.That said, while there isn't much to do it is a pretty good time sink game with decent amount of stuff to do. Think lone survior of a ship wreck stranded on a freezing hostile island/continent being hunted by Skeletons, Wolves, Bears, and Boar all the time and has the strength and know how to build basically a mini medival village minus walls.Now the game has plenty of faults, but hey it is a work in progress so obviously. Glitchy mics for multiplayer, random player buildings and gear but no NPCs to account for it. NO GOAL OR MISSION, that I found anyways, NO MAP OR WAYPOINT system unless you just learn the terrain or build landmarkers yourself. Glitchy and oversensitive point and aim system. Glitchy combat. Arrows DROP WAY TOO FAST, I do archery in real life with old fashioned recurves made of WOOD and wood shaft & fletched arrows too, not the new stuff: fiberglass, aluminum, carbon arrows, with a bow made of metals and artificial materials etc, and arrows go a lot farther than in the game.Definetly a grinder, takes a bit more common sense and thinking on the player's part as the game isn't telling you where to go and what to do to make stuff but more or less lets you figure it out. There's a journal but it is more encylapedia refernece during/after inital work than a guide.Game has plenty of faults but is definetly a playable game as is, so long as you don't mind it NEVER ENDING as there's no story to it or even any back story items to give the land character.For a work in progress 6.5/10 for a finished game 5/10"
76561198072998238,Recommended,307880,19308544,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Hustler,Mining rocks simulatornearly got a heart attack when a plague wolf attacked from bushes while i was hunting a deer 10/10
,Recommended,307880,18930965,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,WebSlug,I was pessimistic about buying an early access game but was pleasantly surprised with Savage Lands.  The developers seem to have their heads screwed on and it's a promising title which gets updated often.  After a few hours I decided to wade into the water and was disappointed when I died and lost all my gear.  The gameplay is fun but as it's early access it is severly lacking items and monsters.  The devs are planning on adding three new maps so I'm hoping to see more wildlife and interesting landmarks.
76561198140461562,Recommended,307880,16164718,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Savas Police Department,"This game is great and there is so much to do in it. I just wish more people knew about the game becuase this game has such amazing potential. Right now, there is plenty to do, but you will probably get 15-25 hours at the time being. I cant wait for future updates!"
,Recommended,307880,17747988,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Dzr762,Savage Lands a keeper Great Game.Well done so far by development team.
76561198103663478,Not Recommended,307880,30699170,Posted: 23 March,all,Regenerating Degenerate,"had so much hope into this game......bagged my friends to play it....bought it for all of them.....annnnnddddd turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥....thanks.....id actually want my money back since i really really REALLY wanted to see more to this game, so much promise from the start yet just ruined my hope to see games progress.....Not the only one that sees this but wtf. so much hope and potential down the drain, hope ya make anoter game and make it legit and gvie up on it, this could of been great."
76561198044348231,Recommended,307880,23943889,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jaice,"A good fantasy-survival game! There are some bugs, but it's early-access; nothing game breaking. It's tough, and therefore actually feels like it's about survival. Reading reviews from others, there apparently were huge optimization issues that caused major framerate drops. I guess I was lucky enough to start after they had made multiple updates toward that issue, as I have very minor frame problems. The co-op works quite well for me too, as I have played with 2 other friends in a game. Over all I kinda feel like it's survival-Skyrim, minus the magic..or maybe I'm just not that far. The only real issue I have is that animals occasionally location-pop while running, and run through rock formations. Already loving this game though, and it being early-access, it's only going to get better!"
76561197993237357,Recommended,307880,18884375,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,=gonzo=,"It's a survival game so, of course, it's  hours of gathering and hunting.  It's in early access so the game should improve greatly.  But, even in it's current state I enjoyed it."
76561198054197314,Recommended,307880,14950410,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,[NF]Kuurainga,"Had alot of fun with it first time i played, only few problems i had were things like being unable to disable AA or couldent find rocks, and of course theres no pausing. all this game needs is a little more content and some optimization and it would be set for me."
,Recommended,307880,14949148,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Lori,"This game, in the simplest explaination, a single player version of Rust. It is not quite the same as rust though. There are many differences from this game and Rust that makes it better and worse. First of all, you don't have the same building freedoms that you do in Rust. You choose a building, get the supplies, build it, and thats it. This makes it simpler to do things but a little boring. I would love if they added a thing where you can put furniture in your buildings or something to that extent so you don't have such empty buildings. Second of all, it is less realistic than Rust. Rust is based on a post-nuclear war where there are old towns with radiation and bears and wolves and stuff. This however has many monsters which can make it both more fun and less fun.Going into gameplay. This game can be difficult because you need stone which involves going far from the beach and coming back so the stone spawns. That is the simplest way I have found to get stone (unless you have a hammer). The problem with this is that if you die you will have to find your stuff or start over. This means having no weapon. This makes it very difficult to get more stone to make a weapon. You must risk dying again to either get your stuff back or go far enough so all the stone respawns on the beach. Other than this the game is challenging but still fun.All around this is a good game for an early access game. I am hoping to see more things added as well as improvements to the game mechanics. I bought it while it was on sale for 10 dollars. I would not recommend buying it for the normal 25 dollars unless you just have money to throw around. It is a great game that I would recommend but not for 25 dollars. Wait until it goes on sale because it has frequent sales."
,Recommended,307880,14943559,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Lucy Fur,"I like the idea of Savage Lands. I like the layout and so far the items that CAN be crafted seem to be pretty cool. But why is it so hard to find a wood stick in the middle of a forest? This game seems like it would be a lot more fun if some resources (at least the basic ones) were more abundant. It gets pretty boring when you're running around for nearly an hour looking for something as simple as sticks, hoping a wolf doesnt come along and take out half my health while I try to punch it to death. If some of these small balancing issues were fixed (along with the sometimes annoying and slowvframerate) this game could really shape up to be an impressive one."
76561198029593764,Not Recommended,307880,33661037,Posted: 19 July,all,corveinus,"the developers have said there ""should"" be an update in a few months  so i would advise aginst buying untill the game is at least being updated again ,also another problem for me is the website as on the steam page no longer exsists ,,not a good sign i think .HOWEVER.. the game it self has a lot of things going for it as a survivial game and when and "" if"" it begins to get some updates i will write another review . but at the moment the terms ."" let the buyer beware ""  and "" sold as seen"""
,Not Recommended,307880,33577705,Posted: 15 July,all,backhandkill,"I'm pretty upset. I bought this game a little over a year ago, and there haven't been very many updates since then. The last one was in January? What kind of dog turds is that? I usually don't consider a game good unless it has made me happy for as many hours as dollars i spent. I had to restart my game at the begging, and I had maybe 5 hours of fun with this game. I wasn't mad because I wanted to support the makers of the game so they could have more money to do even more things and get the game going, but this was just a big waste. I hope someday I can change this and make a really nice comment and put reccomended, but I feel cheated, because as of right now I definetally was. :("
76561198003691677,Not Recommended,307880,33576665,Posted: 15 July,all,RagingBpwner,3 years since purchased...very disappointed.
76561198181901138,Not Recommended,307880,32494123,Posted: 16 June,all,Rokkr,"Look at the dev's communications for what they are, excuses to keep the game Steam to generate sales from people who don't check the reviews. This is abandonware that's full of bugs, pass if you don't want to waste money. If the devs do something to redeem the game, I'd gladly change this review."
76561198053383680,Not Recommended,307880,32538151,Posted: 18 June,all,Smeasmea,Went back to check whether this game has passed major milestone. Disappointed to know that dev stopped developing. Really like the concept of medieval village survival thing.
76561198043114744,Not Recommended,307880,32509353,Posted: 17 June,all,Crowbar,Currently I would have to say dont buy this game. The devs have stopped work on it (temperarly they say).The game its self is really nice for the type of game and looks good. If they ever come back and finish then I will change to a positive because they have done good work up to the point they stopped work.
76561198077259015,Not Recommended,307880,33575194,Posted: 15 July,all,✠Trumpenhammer of Kek✠,This game had such potential. I am so dissapointed.
76561198160917849,Recommended,307880,22133526,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,crocodilemuffins,"Good so far, easy to get sucked into in frustrating attempts to build more safe structures to hide away in before either your tools break, night comes and enemies swarm you! It's a decent, tension filled run and is one of the few (good) games I know that instill a sense of fear, knowing that you may not survive the next night.EDIT: This game actually used to be fun and playable, until later in the year 2016, they released some updates that caused a whole lot of lag, making it unplayable for me. After revisiting it on a new system, it appears it has stagnated and the developers' behaviors towards players and the game's development questionable. Cannot reccomend anymore."
,Not Recommended,307880,32522497,Posted: 17 June,all,Assured,Dont buy this game.
,Not Recommended,307880,35139600,Posted: 22 September,all,🌴Rexapotamus🌴,I would put this game at best pre alpha stage ...
76561198054036422,Not Recommended,307880,35168214,Posted: 23 September,all,Thidrandi,"I'm done buying early access games. I don't care how good the intentions of devs are, games built on promises instead of actual skill will never come close to what the original vision was. There are a few exceptions, but overall early access is disrespectful to consumers, detrimental to gaming as a whole, and borderline fraud in most cases. Meanwhile steam, rather than police its content, is too busy making sure games getting bad reviews can have a safe space from idiotic decisions, by giving the illusion that recent negative reviews are just another case of alt right amy schumer trolling. Up your game valve, or someone might come along and do what you do better. As for this game, I've given up hope that it will ever be good, and even if someday it is, I'm sure by then I will be long past caring."
76561198067033980,Not Recommended,307880,34928485,Posted: 13 September,all,Rodien,"This game is the dangers of buying an Early Access Game, this is a prime example of said dangers."
76561197980520592,Recommended,307880,22172469,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Melbane,"Love playing this game,,  Found it quite hard in the beginning. It is very graphic intentive, so had to turn the settings down..Since the last update, I lost a few items out of my invertory. My wife and I have the same system, I'v had no loading probs, but hers resets back to desktop after getting to about 95% loading,Will be looking forward to what the Devs come up with and keeping up with the beta testing...Your's Melbane"
76561198017382152,Recommended,307880,20636757,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Bamboo Sniper,"Started playing the game for about 7 days now really like it. I play ESO, SOTA and ARK like those too howver this one has a nice Viking feel to it. I been hosting a server as much as possable and I have made a couple new friends on here which is a plus too. I hope the DEV's will continue with content and more recipe adds that will bring added value to the game."
76561198073193684,Recommended,307880,20682750,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,YouLostMeAtSinglePlayer,Haven't logged many hours into Savage Lands being that I just picked it up & have been busy lately but they definately have a great thing going on here. They just released it to Unity 5.3 and its awesome. If your looking for survival/exploration game thats got something different going for it then this is it.Really looking forward to seeing how the game progresses! Good job
,Recommended,307880,20901275,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,ZADICUS95,"ruuuuuuuuuuuun cliimb a rock , glitch enemies , kill'em and stack food , thats it"
76561198198870123,Recommended,307880,20908141,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,vladtheinpaler,this game has a lot of potential i would recommend it what i like the most is that you can chose what kind of server you can join form friendly to hostile. another thing is the crafting options. there are a lot of them i would like to see a cross bow added eventually. i would say the bow is a good weapon to use to take down the deer highly recommend crafting that first above anything else. all in all i am vary happy with the game i am looking forward to seeing how this game will turn out
,Recommended,307880,20908168,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Kritik,"So straight up. It's good.Couple of things wrong with it are the simple bugs and stuff, like the hostile NPC's pathing when you get on a roof top. The dragon (Kur) is kinda a♥♥♥♥♥♥when he is always on you if you get a little too close to the tower. (seriously, took me 30 mins to gt him away from me after dying 10 times)Good side; crafting is very easy, no need for rare crafting benches or anything. The only rare things are the items to collect for crafting into weapons and armor, but of course, is the fun side of it, the satisfaction of when you grind the land for hours to finally get that last item to make OP gear.For an early game, it's quite enjoyable. It's fun and with the the ability to play along side friends, in such an early game, it's pretty awesome. Seeing this to become a fully completed game would be really good. (expecting some really good graphics and items in the long run)Not for all people, but it's worth a look."
76561198188816434,Recommended,307880,20851991,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,红色的衣服，没有遗憾,its gret butt no friends = sad lyfe
76561198221222804,Recommended,307880,20880600,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,darkheream,"This game is amazing! when you first start off you feel like you don't know where to go and just start wondering, later in the game it feels like its you and you alone against everthing that would want to kill a human. the first night is terrifing and when you see a dragon a chill shoots up your spine as to say: ""you're not ready for this!"". getting armor and weapons is challenging but very rewarding. i want to see where this game takes me whether it be killing massive beasts or wondering around like a child!"
76561198271139118,Recommended,307880,20863058,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,horaciosalles,"EDIT: This is a solid survival game, unlike many others on steam. Steady development team gives weekly updates to the beta, and the legacy version remains stable. Legacy is beautiful, but I feel I need to join the beta testing, I want to be part of the team and enjoy the updates :) Will update after testing the beta.Great game, sound engine is marvelous, surround sound works wonderfully, using dolby virtual surround with earphones makes this game the most imersive one I`ve ever played.You`ll feel like you`re out there, in the cold, fighting for survival against, first of all, a rough environment and, secondly, enemies that range from boars to skeletons and more.Great game to go solo or coop. Don`t mind this being EA, give it a try, you won`t regret it.PS. If you`re a bit concerned about this being a zombie game, no it isn`t. It is a survival game. You against nature. There are skeletons and zombie-like creatures, but they are definitely NOT the main aspect of the game. Must try."
76561198034396768,Recommended,307880,20954374,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,David,"Really Enjoying this game .... :)At first , I thought it was going to be avarage game ,starting off with the not so awesome  graphics, compare to ARK ,.. but, It makes up for it,  and but it gets better as you play on ,Survival is not easy , and full of suprizes and discovery of a new land.In Short ...Just cant put this game down ... I am hookedReally looking forward to see what the game developer is going to do with this project ..Keep up the good work,  I am impressed . :)"
,Recommended,307880,20276176,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,#Avanger the Tactical Feeder,Walking around the island takes around 2 hours.
,Recommended,307880,20234937,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Zihlus,"Very addictive game!!Rust meets Skyrim = pure awesomeness. Having to look over your shoulders while you mine rocks and chop down trees.Have to keep an eye to the skys as well as a dragon can at any time roast your♥♥♥♥♥ Having to start naked in a cold savage land. With a lot of work make your gear, build your house, and with a lot of work build a whole village. Conquer the Savage Lands and take on Kur the fierce dragon. Goals for any Viking to have!! Just be prepared to become addicted!! With the very frequent updates, I really can't wait to see where this game goes. So excited!!! 10/10 with a chance to be an 11/10."
,Recommended,307880,20253367,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Reigne Irkalla,"I won't lie. The game has a few issues. But the good far outweighs the bad - if you have the moolah to spare, this game is worth your time."
76561198010638934,Recommended,307880,20410093,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Windows 10 is Horrible.,35 hours and I really like it so far.
,Recommended,307880,20410776,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,jakeleecreasey24,"I found it a bit difficult to navigate as there were very sensitive mouse controls. However that may be able to be changed, I couldn't tell because it was lagging quite a lot on my laptop regardless of low quality settings. Will try again when I have upgraded RAM. However from what I played, I agree with what others say, pretty damn hard.Save lots because you will be reloading lots as well."
,Recommended,307880,16101684,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,luckinrio,"Mix of RUST and The Forest, with a little shine of Skyrim.Fun game, worth the price but... need some improvements.Suggestions:UI improvementMore weaponsBetter housing system (too simple)CrouchDedicated ServerApothecarySome kind of quest / storyDungeons (why not?)"
,Recommended,307880,16477214,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,VIMiks,"Great game :DThis game is a lot of fun to play. I have played it with 2 friends i got interested in it. I even gifted it to one of my friends i like it so much. There are some things that could be added though... Now i know the game is in Early Access so it makes sense that some things in other games are not in this. But, with that being said here are some things my friends and I put together for the Devs to add. NPC's that you can interact with, the interaction could be just trading your 10 wood logs for a Hat or something more in depth like doing mission for the NPCs of the village and getting rewards that way. Some other things could be Mounts or pets. This would be nice because where we live there is not much rock or mobs. Or my idea of pets. We could tame a wolf with some deer meat or something else and they would follow us around and protect us. You could also add backpacks or sachels for your pets to wear on  their back so you could carry more stuff.Definetely worth it, and they are working hard on updates in the future so thats awesome"
,Recommended,307880,16488456,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,mohawkd12,"I saw one of the developers describe this game perfectly in one sentence: ""You will die and you will die often.""In the little amount of time I've played Savage Lands, I've already been quite impressed with it. A respectably detailed environment, decent combat, a refreshing take on the gather-supplies-and-craft-things scenario we see all too often, and a beautifully harsh world that hints towards at least a moderate sense of realism.Given, I died and I died often. But through my inevitable deaths, I learned to better adapt to the unforgiving environment and survive.The enemies can be frightening at times, and the nights can be cold and long, but every minute I spent on the Sundered Isle was one of interest and fun. Even gathering supplies isn't dreadfully boring, like in many other games of a similar type.I spent a great deal of time exploring and fending off my camp from outsiders, while slowly gathering the supplies I needed to grow it, and felt a sense of accomplishment after having finished a building that took over an hour of game time and almost freezing to death to complete.I give Savage Lands 8/10, losing only a few points for the further depth it needs to the gameplay. But as far as early access games go, this one is awesome."
76561197967461684,Recommended,307880,16497329,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Atomic Wedgie™,"This game is pretty good. Its hard in the begin when u start out but as soon as u figured out how stuff works its just a pretty relaxed game :D graphics are good, animations are a little simple but ok.It has a ingame timer that will show when the next patch will come out and devs are active on the forums.Its easy to host a game on your own computer to play coop with some buddies or pubs can join if u want and they are mostly friendly.You can also use your own character on other worlds. So first you make a character u gonna use then u join a world or create a world so u can still switch with your own character to other games with your gear on you.There is no levels or anything its just pure survival and trying to get better gear to kill stronger enemies or bigger packs of wolfs.The island is fairly big with only a few landmarks to find your way or with the use of a compass to navigate.All in all i payed 10 euros for this game and i enjoy it more then ARK at the moment and this game will be finished in 10-12 months so i am looking forward to what it will become, and i am looking forward slaying the epic dragon that screams and flies around the map i love it :Dthe game runs between 40-50 frames on my old i7 920 3.0ghz 18gb ram and a nvidia gtx560ti hawk edition which is pretty good performance"
76561198077835740,Recommended,307880,16029746,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Viktor Saltzpyre,"Day one.Early game: Start with a friend, build a small house, a campfire and my friends house, things were looking good.First Night: Things are looking good, have an axe to defend myself yet no armour. Plague wolves find us, fight them off, my friend gets diseased, can't find cure, he dies.Day two.Friend has found camp again, has nothing. The durability on my axe has diminished and I haven no stone to create another tool, so I go to explore in order to find stone. Hunting for stone, I get lost, running through the snowy forests, find wolves, die.We then restarted a new game.11/10 would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by wolves again."
76561197998824849,Recommended,307880,17987525,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Silver32608,"very nice game i really hope it goes to full release. heres hoping, and to the makers a job well done even if it is not done yet"
76561197985974020,Recommended,307880,17020393,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,o2deprived,Surprisingly stable and a lot of fun. There's a lot more here than I originally thought. Reminds me a lot of the fun had playing 7-days when it first started out. Love the progression of crafting and the world looks great!
76561198111654388,Recommended,307880,17420172,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,The Ace of Spades14,"I love this game,  the concept,  its unique,  its amazing.  But I accidentally joined a hostile server instead of a friendly one.  This game has a issue where your character is loaded into the world before you are fully loaded in.  Well I died before I even loaded in... I didn't even have a chance to fight back and about 45ish hours(First 20 or so was before a update that deleted everything) worth of my time gone.  This guy had the best stuff in the game and he was just farming people on the first island where everyone has to spawn.  He left my stuff alone he didn't want it and said I could have it back.  Then a guy with nothing but a sword comes kills me and puts my armor on and kills me repeatedly.  I recomend this game, it has so much going for it.  Don't make the mistake I made, I will not be playing this agian until this game has fixed the spawn issues.  It has almost killed me before and now its finally done it.  DEVS PLEASE make  the first island a safe zone so this doesn't happen and also PLEASE fix the loading.  I love the game, but I can't deal with those kinds of design flaws in a game."
76561198153034161,Recommended,307880,17030167,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Delta,"I bought Savage Lands when it was on sale through the Steam Summer Sale for $10, and I would be happy to pay the full $20 or more that it costs now. While still in Early Access, Savage Lands has a lot to offer and is a game I would highly reccommend. I'll condense the selling points of the game into a pros and cons list:Pros:- Great graphics and landscape- A great survival experience- Savage Lands isn't big on hand holding, which is part of what drew me to the game.- Multiplayer is available, allowing you to play with friends, making the survival aspect just a little bit easier.- Even though it's still in Early Access, Savage Lands has a lot of content on the map to find and explore- and more is being added all of the time.- The Devs are very attentive to the player base. They respond to reviews, forum posts, and have weekly DevStreams every Thursday.- A variety of creatures can be found on the Sundered Isle, from the slow defiled skeletons to the terrifying Forest Giants. And more appear in the game all the time.Cons:- The PvP aspect still needs work- right now to kill most creatures you can stay behind and whack them with your sword without risk of retaliation. However, this is currently under work, as tweaks to creatures like the Forest Giants are being added to make them harder to kill.- If you're under attack by mobs- like Kur for example- and it looks like you're not going to make it out alive, all you have to do it exit the game and reload it, and all enemies will be gone. I'd like to see this fixed, as it makes getting out of sticky situations way too easy.Overall, I thouroughly enjoy this game and can't wait to see what updates will come our way next. 10/10"
,Recommended,307880,16363142,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Creldarix,"I've been playing this a few months now, I have about 80 hours in the game, I think.This game is an alpha, it's fairly simple as far as what you can do.Survival isn't hard if you choose to stay by the beach, but what's the fun in that?  Yesterday I traveled inland with a relatively new character and was swarmed by a wolfpack.  I'm sure I'm not the only person to ever experience that, but I'm lucky in that this is a game so I woke up on the beach again. Naked, collecting stones, and wishing for something tasty to eat and warm to wear.I'm seriously looking forward to watching the continuing development of the game, and to the content that likely will be added in the future.  I'm really hoping that my friends and I can use this software to create a persistent online world for ourselves.Buy the game. It's on sale at the moment for the Steam Summer Sale, and a total bargain at the current price just for the promise it holds."
,Recommended,307880,18929742,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Без мата и рейджа!,"The best survival in which I've ever played. The game looks nice (especially effects), interesting craft and construction. Interesting idea with the scale of temperature. I hope to quickly see more monsters, crafting and buildings. Although primarily expect a slight improvement in the optimization of the game (some lag). Very cool, keep up the good work!"
76561198174743013,Recommended,307880,18051470,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,purgatori11,"Hi first off good job devs this is a pretty cool game so far and its ggod to see devs being involved with the players you dont see this to often.Ive never really been into this sort of game but im enjoying it alot I know its early access at the moment but still very cool.Ive been playing for a few hours now , it took me a little time to get used to staying alive but once you get the hang of it its great.The weapons and armour very cool so far and cant wait to see what others are coming.Crafting and hunting is fun even when you are hunting deer only to find out you are being hunted.It would be good to see more looting areas.Maybe a map as well I find im getting lost a lot even with markers and a compass and it doesnt help when you get attacked then I really get lost.Am a little dissapointed you cant kill the Dragon by myself but not a big deal.But im shaw all this will come later on.I would recomend this game to all keep up the good work."
76561198124087041,Recommended,307880,18007137,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,dwarf man,very good game. well made
,Recommended,307880,17981738,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Dravaspa,The Game much potental cosidering that this is alpha im interested in what the beta and the final porduct will be like. not bad for a $8 game
,Recommended,307880,20189289,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,physicsMan,"First, this game has a lot of promise. I hope that the devs are dedicated to see it through to its full potential. Overall, the game has a very good feel to it.I don't have any major complaints for this game that, at this point as an Early Access game, would be a dealbreaker and they're mostly asthetic complaints--the way that buildings sit on hills, etc; these are things that can be, and I'm sure will be, fixed easily.The minor complaints:* Hunger also seems to progress quickly, although I haven't tried to quantify it in any meaningful way; I shouldn't have to eat several pieces of meat during the night to stay alive, and* I shouldn't be in a perpetual quest for more cotton, which seems very scarce but very needed for bandages and cloth strips, and many times I will find a cotton bush only to have it drop zero cotton.Things that would be nice going forward:* Being able to sleep part of the night away, say if you're full of food and in good health,* More content,* More monsters,* More crafting items, and* More building items such as walls, pike torches for some visual security at night, etc."
,Recommended,307880,17428322,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Thaddeus,Pretty good survival game :)
76561198040541935,Recommended,307880,18011974,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Crys.Fire,"Pretty basic survival can be more focused on pvp so far but still its early acces and some mechanics still feel clunky and you get a feel of your char that it is a tired sleepy miner. Yet so far unfinished mechanics working around all of the clunkiness is possible. As far as graphics, menu and everything else the game is good and prepared to work with more options. So lets just play that it works out well and we will have a complete survival game in some close time"
,Recommended,307880,17423752,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Waiterblood,"I would not proclaim to be an expert on this game at this moment. As I have only progressed to my 4th day but have built a systematic camp that has survived thus far and essentially made myself a stable base of operations. However on to my review; as saturated as the market is as of late with survival games (DayZ, The Forest, Rust etc.) The Savage Lands has many unique qualities to seperate itself from others, my favorite in particular being how cold is such a heavily enforced mechanic. I have never seen an Early access game with such committed devs to their project. Euryidium and Kittychix, especially has impressed me with their vocal manner in both the streams and their activity in forums, showing concern for the opinions and issues of others having suggestions and or difficulty with the game. I appreciate the dedication and will be a definite supporter of this project until its official release."
76561198135271836,Recommended,307880,18038934,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,BristleRaven,best game ever 10/10 would die to angry wolf again
76561198009624182,Recommended,307880,18861236,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Chilli Dog Dave,"really fun game, still needs alittle more added to be completely fun solo player but the updates are quite regular, for someone who's not big on survival games i must admit this is one of the gems that don't suck"
76561198127738478,Recommended,307880,20413563,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Maattttt,"This game, at first, didn't quite hook me.several hours later i realize that i have an hour to get up for school.This game is great even now and has much more potentialGet this game"
76561198089856618,Recommended,307880,25433191,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,redgeking,Awesome game. Me and my bud have played it for hours. You have the short-term goals of gathering resources and then the long-term goal of making weapons and raiding the central tower.
,Recommended,307880,19435944,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Les,"I know what your thinking, this guy only has 2.5 hours of playing time well your right that is all I have. there are many wonderful things about this game the graphics are incredible, the sounds are great, these are the pro's. the cons are coming, the first thing I do not like about the game is the lack of instructions after accomplishing the first set of goals. the second set it this game is geared for more multiplayer ""to kill the dragon"" it would e nice if they added a solo campaign so one could defeat the dragon without help. I personally enjoy playing solo. not really am I into mmo's. well that is my review would I reccomend to anyone else yes and I have."
,Recommended,307880,15128004,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Fry,This game is really coming along and that says something for it being only alpha. I cant wait to see where this game goes and Im very excited for the next update. The developers are great at taking notes from the forums and giving us what we want to see in game. I will be more excited when the dragon kills me for the first time.
,Recommended,307880,19440986,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Maragore,"So...cold...(dead)OMG...what the hell is tha.... (dead)Picturesque landscape for the most part, tons of area to explore, but crafting and building take a bit to figure out - love the game and will keep playing on my 2 accountsBuy and enjoy some time off for a change, but remember that its not an MMO or truly dedicated server game...Hope to see this in the future"
,Recommended,307880,16135608,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,FearThaPear,Epic Shizz nizz
76561198073385538,Recommended,307880,20959717,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,BeaverFevers,"Bought this game more  than 6month ago. I haven't really played at all. Recently, internet issues I was not able to get internet access. I started playing this game since I can play this game on offline.This game reminds me the survival game ""Rust"", yet in science fictional ancient settings. I enjoy playing this game. I love crating, hunting, collecting, and killing mistical creatures.I do not have lot of experience in multiplayer mode. Hence, I avoid making any judgement."
,Recommended,307880,17394866,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Perdition,"This game is amazing! I was debating weather mafia two or this, so I talked to a few friends and I ended up buying the four pack and now I just can't stop playing this! It's amazing how the whole world works with how you can die just by the cold weather, haveing to work for food and other matierals in the world, my buddy Vexi said to me that this is what he hoped Rust would be like and when it turned out it wasn't we couldn't keep going now we have found the game i can't wait till its updated even more! I've had little to no issues with this game and anyone who plays survival sandbox games this is the game for you!"
76561198145937673,Recommended,307880,17099054,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Naisuu,"I advise that you make this purchase if you are willing to give up a lot of time to progress, and if you really want to enjoy this game, you may want to make sure you have a more powerful computer than what they recommend. overall its a very interesting game even though i don't really have the time to really enjoy. In the end I hope you put into account my review"
,Recommended,307880,17409203,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,"Punished ""Edgelord"" Milacetious","Before the savage lands, I didn't understand people who used ""It has bad graphics but the atmosphere is amazing"", well After the savage lands, now I do, this game will make you feel like you're surviving on an island, but there's alot of room for improvement in other aspects, like combat, player movement. but even if they didn't I could settle just for more content, more reasons to drive me to explore."
76561198031973707,Not Recommended,307880,29921626,Posted: 14 February,all,Eleazaros,"I've had the game since 2015; it was a lot of fun early on and I'd have recommended it easily back then (I've a bit over 300 hours played).  Now I don't recommend it.Simply read the curator reviews to see how it was - the vast majority are from 2015 and it had a great deal of promise back then.  I could go on about the bad AI pathing, the poor transitioning and staging in progress, how one can ignore most all of the gear and weapons, changes to food, how the grind fact has climbed while the community has disappeared (used to have a fairly large number of MP games going all the time - not anymore)...Suffice it to say, they've done a lot of changes to things but not changes that have added much value to actually playing the game and have taken the bulk of the dev to a 'closed beta' format vs Early Access.  It honestly feels like an experiment for some designers to see what it's like to make a video game but without a real road map.  (1 big island, no - 3 islands, no - we'll merge 2 of them... 2 isn't bad but enough of the shuffeling around on this sh**.)To me the ""run"" or ""destroy all"" twin modes of play (new area?  run from everything until geared then it's joke easy), coupled with the large amount of collection time, between different games (launch new, collect, return to 'main game', repeat until you have the stuff needed to advance), to get ANYTHING done as you progress, is just a bit much."
,Recommended,307880,17396079,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Tabblaster,"This game is far from complete, but right now it is very playable with or without friends. Stay away from the tower, food is the most important, and don't go out at night (you will be ♥♥♥♥ed by wolves). The hit boxes are a bit wonky, but that is really as far as the major improvements should be. Crafting is good and feels solid. Combat is a bit frustrating, with dodges that don't work sometimes. Get the game if you enjoy survival games, you won't be disappointed."
76561198025257683,Recommended,307880,19017447,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Elsina Yumaiya,"While not my kind of game, this holds promise to be a fun fantasy-esque man vs wild  game. I only played enough to get an overall feel for the game and how it would pan out. I must say... I may even put some more time in down the line. (I was actually scared when Boars came out of no where and finding shambling skeletons wandering around some ruins). It reminds me a lot of Forest and other games like it so if you like those and want to fight fantasy creatures... I will definitately recommend this game. I love how recipes are unlocked through finding components or killing creatures to acquire components. It keeps you going out and exploring instead of hunkering down in one spot only."
,Recommended,307880,27738610,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,zoolgodofchaos,hard but worth the time playing  i give it a 3 out of 5 but it need a lot of work.
,Not Recommended,307880,33584336,Posted: 16 July,all,Irelevus Murloc,"When this first arrived on Early Access, I enjoyed it, it ran well on my old computer on maximum graphics. Now that it has been abandoned, I can't play it even on my new computer on min graphics. The games was more finished before than it is now, it's like Reign of Kings all over again, the Alpha builds worked, but as soon as they started releasing more ""official"" versions, everything went to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ This was a great game, but it's dead now."
76561197983012878,Recommended,307880,25160354,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Harleqwin,"First impression after several hours of playtime:  WOW!Lovely crafting system with some depth to it.  Gathering materials is easy, until you remember that you are freezing to death as you work.After 17 hours of play I am only on the second island.  Lots of content for a game that is this early in it's development cycle.Cons:  combat is too easy.  I actually have not died once yet, and I am an old slow gamer ;)low FPS, but they have plenty of time to fix that.in response to people with technical issues, Check your computer!   I had no problem running this game.My computer is 8 years old, an ASUS M3A mb with quad core Phenom 2.5 Ghz CPU, 7 G RAM, XFX R7 260X graphics card.With another year or two of added content this game will be a wonderful RPG.   Great world to explore and build in."
,Recommended,307880,17747578,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Azreih,"Been playing for a couple weeks now and love it.  Finally got the last achievement today.  I'm excited to see what additions and changes will come about. Great game!  I love it.Pros-It's a big island.  Lot's of space to roam and get lost.Other than the coastal area, there are easier places to survive and harder places, with no clear lines on the ground to tell you which is which.  So there is always a sense of danger as  you explore that something bigger and badder than you will face you down.  I was pretty confident in my high end gear, strutting around like I owned the island.  Then got taken down by a large pack of wolves, and another time by a pair of bears.In most cases there are a lack of cheat features that trivialize the intended difficulties.  No map that would instantly make the world smaller if you knew where you were, where you wanted to go and how to get there.  A compass that makes you re-learn how a primitive compass actually works.  No pause feature (at least not one built into the game for that purpose).  No instant health potions.  I appreciate the limited hand holding.Cons- Which are more like personal suggestions on what might improve the game.  I thoroughly enjoy the game as it is and have 230 hours in the game already.A limited array of building options with no discernible difference between them other than look and material costs.  And no ability to customize, design your own, or furnish them. It's also difficult to build where you want to build.  So you end up wandering around while turning in circles to find just the right position where it will allow your building.  This means it isn't turned the way you want it or positioned in relation to your other buildings how you want it.Several of the beasts/monsters have movement limitations that allow you to exploit them and avoid danger (low level skeletons and bears).  Packs of wolves can't always attack all at once.  Some of the wolves get stuck behind the others.  so you can take them on a couple at a time, which is significantly less dangerous.  When it works correctly they surround you and add orifices to your body.Some of the high end gear doesn't seem to last as long as the cost to maintain them is worth.  So I use a stone axe to chop trees and bushes because the higher end items seem to deplete just as quickly, can't be maintained out in the field without building a forge, and require a large amount materials that are very time consuming to gather.  So what I gained in chopping the tree down in two swings rather than the 8 it takes the stone axe, I more than lose when I have to mine for hours to get the materials I need, and either run to a forge or build one.  The other high end weapons are needed against the higher end monsters (or if you don't want to chase deer down to be able to kill them in one swing) so you are forced to do a lot mine grinding.  And that can get old.  I keep a set of high end gear in my bags while I use the mid grade gear that I can maintain in the field and without large amounts of mine grinding.   I understand the idea of keeping it more realistic by including wear and tear.  And that is needed for the low end beginning gear experience.  But part of achieving the high end gear should be either significantly more durable gear than it is, a drastic decrease in the materials needed to repair, or doing away with upkeep altogether.No way to lock up your items.  You want to invite people to your world, but you don't want them to have free access to everything you have spent hours gathering.  Let me put a lock on my chest.  And if the world is set to hostile give them the ability to bust it open with some effort.  And in the same vain of thought, let me build defences for my buildings.All in all, great game!"
,Not Recommended,307880,33642903,Posted: 18 July,all,K1ckEM,"Don't let them steal your money. Valve, please remove this from Steam!"
76561198132208278,Not Recommended,307880,30852788,Posted: 31 March,all,Sprayface,"Dear Steam customers,Early access is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Nine times out of ten they just take your money for an alpha and never build on it. That's not even an exaggeration, that is a seemingly an accurate statistic. I'm going through my old EA games trying to find some new content and they are all like this. I've got a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ing abindoned alphas.it's a scam, but whatever, it's our fault for falling for it. Wait no, it's their fault for lying to us! OKAY we are both to blame here, but ♥♥♥♥ you steam. Implement some kind of assurance system you cucks.Don't buy EA unless it seems like an almost-complete game to begin with.Sincerely,Sprayface."
76561198038469378,Recommended,307880,16109940,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,suppa,"Great early access survival game. I own four early access survival games and this one is the only one I plan on spending more time with as it develops. It's week 11 and the game is pretty stable and very playable which is a huge plus.It has Skyrim like aesthetics, a low fantasy setting, is mostly gear and item based for progression, along with bosses to find and slay. You maintain your own set of characters and can import them in and out of persistant worlds. This is very handy. You can play solo, or go on-line to play with other people when you want to.My only gripe is the mining system needs some love, along with improved combat. Adding third person perspective would really seal the deal with me.Looking forward to more updates.All around, if you're looking for a fantasy survival game th"
,Not Recommended,307880,34693059,Posted: 2 September,all,Drunken Canadian,"2 years of early access on steam, devs went from frequent updates to ghosting us.This is the game that broke me, I will never buy another early access game. Sick of being deceived by devs that get bored or waste money and never finish the game. Seems like the goal is to entertain you long enough to get out of the steam refund time period and then it doesn't matter."
76561198043501063,Not Recommended,307880,33574631,Posted: 15 July,all,Alnor,"Last build released on January 27 2017, it's July 15. Nuff said.Got it when it first came out. Had a lot of cool concepts and ideas. But alas, like many of these early access games -- the ball was dropped."
,Recommended,307880,17632873,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Chimaera,"Disclaimer: With this game being in Early Access, there's a good chance that a lot of the ""cons"" I list will actually be rectified.Mind you, I have done about 9 hours so far into this game, two of which were done with a friend on co-op mode. So far, there have only been a few graphical glitches (i.e. when my friend put on a helmet his head disappeared), and a bug where if you drop something like leather too close to a chest, it will disappear. I have been enjoying this game quite a bit, and expect to spend a lot more time in it over the next few days.  For now, I will list the pros and cons I see so far.Let's begin with the CONS so people who are skeptical can see these first-hand. (Warning, there are some spoilers here.)Cons:1. Not a lot of information provided on how you can actually learn new recipes. It's all based off of what you loot/pick up (which is semi-standard), but small hints would be useful for new players.2. While the game has a lot of procedural generation/localized generation of mobs, it appears that if you are moving quickly through an area, only the deer-based spawns actually will show up. I've spent over 6 hours in one game, even going so far as to run all night long while dropping fires here and there for warmth, and saw no dire wolves, no dire bears, etc...just deer and random skeletons (none of the elite-ish ones either).3. The world is HUGE (this will also go into ""pro""), so it can be a bit overwhelming and difficult to try to go off and explore and make it back to home before dark. If you don't have a large inventory through bags to help you gather things, while holding materials to make fire pits or lean-tos, and if you don't have a compass, things will be quite rough.4. No actual stats on armor other than durability. From what I can tell, when you're armored from head to toe, you CANNOT take damage unless your armor dies. This makes the armor differences only really matter in the manner of how much durability it has, as opposed to a combination of durability and resistances. - Edit: 23 August 2015 According to dev comments, this is by design. I don't mind it at all, just something some would see as a ""con"".5. Too many ""helpful"" random spawns. If you run up and down the coastline from your spawn point, you'll find multiple lean-tos and fire pits just begging to be used, and next to them are randomly RESPAWNING goodies. Everything from food and materials, to weapons and crafting tools. There's even a village you can see as you head inland toward the dragon tower, and in that village is a forge, as well as several buildings that will have randomly spawning goodies on the floor. I've even gotten higher-end weapons from these spawns just as I passed through, then came back an hour later to find a bunch of other goodies. Like I said, while it's nice and helpful (to a degree), it also makes the game seem less like a survival game, and more like an easter egg hunt. - Edit: 23 August 2015 According to devs, this is normal for the starting area, and I can confirm that as you go ""deeper"" into the territory, you get a lot less ""help"".6. No floors. Seriously, it's all grass floors. Even in the stone houses. Please add floorboards or have a dirt floor cleared when you place something like a house. Also: It snows indoors! Who knew?7. If you can make a blacksmithing forge, you don't even need a house. Since there are no beds and no restrictions on how many chests you can drop on the ground (other than size of the blacksmithing forge building) you can stay warm and toasty without even needing to use the torch on the wall.8. Wood houses and torches just don't work. The heat generation amount is so low that it takes an entire night to warm up if you were below 30 temperature.9. No furniture/other customizing options or option to set a fire and actually sleep. It's like I'm a super-human who only needs food and warmth, and the rest doesn't bother me unless I take damage. This kind of dovetails into the whole more simplistic level of survival mechanics. I would like to see some other things needed to help stay alive (e.g. drink mechanic, sleep requirement mechanic, etc...).10. Very little direction other than ""stay alive, craft uber-stuff, then try to kill the dragon"". More content, random raids on your home by skeleton hoards or wild animals, possibly dynamic NPCs that may pop up and try to ask for help or something would make this game a lot more fun-especially given the before-mentioned limited building options.Okay, as I said in my disclaimer, there's a good chance this is just because of the nature of Early Access, and there's a good chance a lot of my Cons will be rectified. If that happens, I will edit this review.Now for the Pros.Pros:1. Stable multiplayer hosting and use without needing to set up an actual server instance.2. Characters can be used on different worlds, even if you had a multiplayer character.3. Combat is fun!4. Deer are blind-ish, so you can sneak up and whack-em! (I feel like this is just a stopgap until they get more animals in, but it's fun going all ninja on a stag.)5. Scenery is quite pretty, if not hyper-detailed. Not bad for an EAccess game!6. Setting is really cool and you definitely get the sense of ""bleakness"" that they were going for.7. Most of the game is fairly intuitive and isn't hyper-complex. While this can detract from the challenge of it, it's still enjoyable.8. Nighttime is SCARY! Don't go out at night unless you have a weapon with at least 20 damage, and armor on...Bad things come at you at night if you wander out too far!9. As said in the cons, the world is HUGE! This is fun, but daunting, and without a lot of direction, or being able to carry a lot, many players won't want to travel too far away from base-camp.10. Lots of choices for crafting of armor/weapons! It's actually really fun to see what happens each time I pick up a new hide, bone, gem, etc... and see what unlocks.Overall this game is really fun, and if they can address the cons I've listed, this could actually become one of my favorite survival games. It is MUCH less complex and group-heavy than games like RUST and Life is Feudal, without being SO simple as to make you feel like its holding your hand. If they can flesh out the environment more, add better graphics for higher-performance machines, make the AI a bit more dynamic and maybe add some other content to up the challenge, this will be a damn great game!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------23 August 2015 Edit:Having played a few more hours, and explored a lot further, I have found the game to be a lot more challenging for survival purposes. It is especially difficult to recover if you've taken your best equipment, bags, etc... out and been...say...stomped to death by a forest guardian. >.<;; Trying to recover from that, especially if you don't have backup sets of gear and weapons at your home base, makes things exceptionally painful.I would like to list another suggestion/improvement idea. As much as I know there's a LOT more stuff the further inland you go, there's very little actual draw (from what I can tell) to actually get away from the coast and try to venture inland. Other than the possibility of getting an achievement for taking out the Forest Guardian mob, or trying to complete the ""They only come at night"" Achievement, there's not a lot of draw to go inland unless you're simply curious. Things like puzzles, maps, found journals that spawn missions, etc... would go a long way to helping provide that extra bit of motivation to venture away from the general safety of the coast. IF these things are already in the game, I haven't found them."
,Recommended,307880,19540030,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Cucumber_Cart,"I like this game a lot. Lots of fun, and plently to do for the most part. Multiplayer is very friendly, and graphics are great for early access. Fun to play with a friend as well.The downsides to this game is the amount of things you can craft (not a ton) and I would want some more buildings with more purposes as well. I am looking foward to seeing this game progress, and I know it has potential to get a lot better as well."
,Recommended,307880,17639097,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,symphony,savage lands more like hit rocks with a hammer lands
,Not Recommended,307880,33076822,Posted: 1 July,all,VapeGot,Developers abandoned the game.Do not buy
76561198024939414,Not Recommended,307880,35303735,Posted: 29 September,all,Legio I Eboracum,Game has been on 'pause' now for over 2 months!!! complete waste.
,Not Recommended,307880,35305994,Posted: 29 September,all,Kite,"I rarely take the time to write reviews for games and in fact I believe this is one of the first or THE first review I've bothered to write about on Steam. The only reason I'm taking the time to do this is to warn potential buyers. I bought this game a year ago. I bought the 4 pack so that me and my friends could all play together. The game looked cool and seemed like a cool concept and though I've always had some hesitation about buying into Early Access games, I saw the potential for this game. When my friends and I played this game at the time it was barely functioning. While I could play, I found the gameplay to be absolutely bare bones with little to do. Two of my friends on the other hand could not even run it properly without it crashing every half hour. Their hardware is not bad enough that this game should do that. I believe that the issues they experienced were due to poor optimization. The poor gameplay combined with the poor performance left a bad taste in all our mouths but we figured that the game was in very early access and while I can't fathom why any developer would want to release their game in such an unfinished state to the public, we hoped that this game would improve. We tried playing it again some months later and sadly it was the same story. No improvements had been implemented as far as any of us could tell and my friends who had gotten new machines were still plagued with stability issues.Fast forward to now. I decide to check the updates on this game, figuring that it had been some time and I see a post from the developer that explained that they were working on another project as of July and attributed that project for the reason why development on this game had stalled. We're near October and no word for the developer on the steam front has shown up. Honestly this game shouldn't have been allowed to be put up on the store. It allowed the dev team to make money which most likely went toward other projects. They preyed on the good will, hope, and ignorance of their customers and will continue to do so in all likely hood. This game should be taken down from the store and the developers should be called out on their poor business practices.I know that in their post they said they had contractual obligations they needed to meet for other projects and implied that this game was more of a ""passion project"" but that doesn't change the fact that they accepted money from other people not for a product they had but a product they promised and with the little to no progress they've made in delivering that product I cannot recommend that anyone give these guys any more money.TL;DR:Don't buy this game! It's just a trap for the developer to take your money and use it for other projects. This is pretty much abandon-ware that they are hoping to make some quick cash off of and will only update it when the fanbase gets riled up enough to scream bloody murder. Save yoru cash."
76561198027907667,Not Recommended,307880,34609285,Posted: 30 August,all,5oL,"The game looks good at first glance but the you will soon realize, the diffuculty of this game is just meant to stretch the little content there is.The has been almost no game development progression since I joined early access and the developers started releasing news telling players that another game is currently developed. This happened in a very unpolite manner and was the tipping point for me to write a bad review. You can check the news posts yourself in the community hub section of this game.To make a long story short: A decent looking game made very difficult to stretch content, no development happening and developers crying about players wanting the game they paid for.Don't buy it! (you wont listen anyway XD)"
,Not Recommended,307880,34618614,Posted: 30 August,all,Hell0motcho,Had such potential to be a amazing game but developers have to give up like ♥♥♥♥♥s. Very dissapointed
76561198019232277,Not Recommended,307880,34805688,Posted: 7 September,all,Burna_Tire,"Do not waste your time or money on this dead game, development is staggering slow and at this rate will be out dated if its ever finished. far too many better options out there in this genre. wish i could get my money back"
76561197994520116,Not Recommended,307880,35092377,Posted: 20 September,all,generalstrategy68,"This gam gould have been great but the developers screwed all of us dumb enough to throw our money away on this abandond ""paused"" project. They should give us all our money back or finish the product they sold us and made a contract with us to finish. DO NOT BUY this game unless you like getting defrauded."
76561198061926556,Not Recommended,307880,34531232,Posted: 27 August,all,watcher,kak
,Recommended,307880,20548844,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,mix,omosiroikedo rust de ok !
76561198203327890,Recommended,307880,20551498,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Renegade Senpai,Yay Minecraft in a real world environment! Savage Lands is still in early access but already has tons of awesome content. There are continuing updates for the game. Easy enough to start playing and very fun to play in a LAN setting. Great overall gameplay give it a go if your into survival games and open world buliding games. 7.5/10
,Recommended,307880,25242744,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SoulReborn,"As of 30/08/2016 this game has a few glitches as expected of early access but they are minor enough to skip and not even mention the games got nothing but good points to it, the start is a challange like you would hope and artwork in game is well done and constantly evolving with active dev team doing updates making the game feel even more cared for and very promicing.another good point with the game is that the community is very friendly you find your odd idiot in game as you expect with any online game but majority are just happy to have others in to play and build a community .the weapon system is vast and later game can start to be more interesting as you pick things you want to do more and be more at home with where many items are .id strongly reccomend giving this game a try if your into the survival type of game its fast become one of my fave games to play and im happily investing time into it i look foward and hope to see many more in the savage lands."
76561197973490554,Not Recommended,307880,34417096,Posted: 22 August,all,xsvenom,Shjould be allowed to get a refund. Another reason to stay clear of early access crap.
,Recommended,307880,20160954,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,FITY,"EDITED EDITED:Is it the DayZ of Skyrim? Or is it the open world Dark Souls where you craft your own gear? Perhaps you are looking for a game like The Forest with functioning multiplayer for up to 7 friends?Whatever it is, its cold. Its cold all the time.Very very good so far at this time of early access - everything works. You can play alone but its a fun co-op adventure and super easy to get started. You can make a server right from the start menu, make it PVP or PVE, and make it public or private.The first map is an open world island and if you wander too far too soon, you will be crushed. The beta map by comparison is more attractive but more structured. I dont feel the same fear of leaving the beach, but its going to make a great single player or coop adventure. Theres now one spawn so I dont know how that will work for multiplayer pvp, maybe they will keep both maps? Overall the new map design is smart because it will draw more players than just the hardcore survival crowd.The super active devs are constantly changing and adding things so who who knows where it goes?It is an adventure itself watching the game evolve. In a good way!Regardless it is still a crafting-survival-inventory management adventure that I enjoy."
76561198185213159,Recommended,307880,19903764,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,jericho.hill487,"great game.  i cant recommend it enough. but, heres the thing, its hard, at night all  you can do at the beginning is huddle in a shelter and wait for daylight. iif you wonder to far, you will run into big nasty things that will hurt you. the game dosent hold your hand, and i really like that. ive seen games that weren't as good, be released to the public, so for this game to be this good, this early makes me wonder how good the finished product will be"
76561198044592183,Recommended,307880,17417731,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,SHR3D,"Have spent a few hours on this so far. Liking the idea. Almost brings back a diablo feel, but in fps style. Definitely needs a lot more items, a dragon that actually fights, maybe some areas where rare monsters spawn, perhaps magic items that you can make from getting items from rare monsters. This game is early ofcourse. It feels empty at the moment, but that emptiness is just an opportunity to add so much more. Food definitely runs out a bit too quick in this. Very keen to see where this idea goes."
76561197980157613,Recommended,307880,17852125,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,MisterMark72,The concept for this game is fantastic.  Cannot wait to see what else the developers do with this game over time.
,Recommended,307880,17842008,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,johnshadow23,It was good Recommend it Deffinitly.
76561198154226557,Recommended,307880,17867180,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,GodlyGodMan,the hard part is getting started once u do that its realy fun
,Not Recommended,307880,30347113,Posted: 5 March,all,grimjesta,"I bought the game. I played it about 10 hours. I realized it was too broken to play, so I put it on hold until the game was finished, because I thought there was potential there.Now the game is put on hold with rumors of it being abandoned. I should have spent my money on a finished game. I suppose this is what I get for supporting a game in Early Access on Steam.By the way, it is still buggy as hell and unplayable. I checked."
76561197970938876,Recommended,307880,17417571,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,And_Raped_By_Hillary_Clinton,"I have written relatively few reviews for games but felt that a review for this game was warranted.PROS:-Extremely atmospheric. The transition between day and night along with the weather effects develops a sense of extreme phobia (Have I stocked enough wood and flint to maintain my fires throughout the night... do I have enough bandages?). Furthemore the music compliments the gameplay extremely well.-Crafting system is fleshed out and makes sense.-Mining system is unique and not voxel based (like mine craft).-Plays extremely smoothly on my computer on full settings, very beautiful gameCONS:- Jumping is practically useless- I noticed some graphical glitches. For example I bult a stone house and if i walk up to the wall of the house I will clip through and see outside.- Killing deer is a ♥♥♥♥♥ without a bow, you end up having to chase the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s all across the map and hit them once....extremely annoying.- Building shelters is extremely fun ,but the lack of options to build your base are few....- Enemy AI. Although I have not progressed extremely far into the game, I noticed that if you are one on one against a skeleton or a pack of dogs) it is easy to dispatch them by circling around them and hitting.SUGGESTIONS:- A rudimentary map system... that reveals itself as you explore. This can be established via a logbook that your character draws in or some form...otherwise it is extremely easy to get lost and lose where your base is at. If this is not the way to do it, at least allow for the placement of markers on the ground so you can find your way back.- No walls or fortifications for your base . . . If my team and I decide to permanently make a location our base of operations, it just makes sense to have wooden or stone walls developed (with guard towers if possible) so that we have a safe place to defend.... This would make the game that much more immersive-Traps! If no foritifactions let us at least develop traps to lure enemies into (such as the infamous pungie pits)... this would bring a level of strategy to the game that is otherwise missing....-You mentioned on the most recent stream the plan to incorporate a system of blocking with a shield... it would be nice to also use your shield to bash and stun an enemy....- It would be nice to have caverns and caves in the game (if not already incorporated). A relatively small recessed cave could be used as a great base. Also exploring dank, dark caves would just add to the immersion of the game.- There is a neat system for hunger and cold in the game, but no system for water.  As anyone who is halfway intelligent knows, a person can last a while without food (even if they are starving) but without water, you are as good as dead... so incorporating a thirst system would be awesome!- The current building system is neat, but how about expanding it? For example, the current Stone House building, once finished, has a torch on the inside that you can light (when adding the materials to it)... The system is already there so how about we expand on the house we already built. Make it larger, add a second floor, add a well for drawing water (see aformentioned request for a water system)."
76561197972591073,Not Recommended,307880,30061045,Posted: 20 February,all,Mr. Barquo,This game will never be finished/released in a playable state.Very disapointing.
,Recommended,307880,19041329,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Prelitten,kinda a skyrim game
76561198199399527,Recommended,307880,17128538,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,[DJ]Solaire,its fun but kinda need a goood pc to play
76561198010392957,Recommended,307880,17146684,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Super Drewski,It is an excellent game. has a Skyrim feel.  Other ideas to enhance. maybe a shovel to make traps and motes. Add a castle structure.  A place to store wood.  the game has much pontential. I like the co op option as well. maybe some different game to hunt.  a definite thumbs up
76561198035832853,Recommended,307880,18187678,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Ghostwolf,"Great fun, even when dieing, it makes you feel the need to try harder. Harsh situations, great mood set, its just done right, finally!"
76561198095248368,Recommended,307880,18876947,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,TWIZTED,"Bought the 4 pack for me and my friends to give it a shot, not one of us managed to enjoy it. That said i highly recommend you purchase the game and try it for yourself. Everyone has different tastes and making an informed decision on wether or not YOU enjoy it will be up to you. With steams refund policy you dont even have to risk wasting money if you dont enjoy it within the first hour you wont in the second and youll be able to decide wether or not you want to refund it, OR like myself if you think these devs are great and want to leave your money invested in the project in hopes of it becoming what people say it may I highly recommend doing so as too many great ideas with tons of potential have failed through early access by players abandoning games well before they ever make it to the light of day. I will leave my review positive untill the final release at which point i will edit to reflect the final projects content.Happy hunting"
,Recommended,307880,18849499,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Beaf,Great game still being developed game gets better every update!
76561198059931856,Not Recommended,307880,26269467,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,rossdaughtrey,"Loved this game ayear ago when started playing but now can never log in, keeps crashing!  Sucks bigtime!"
76561198166615721,Recommended,307880,17818864,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,bobgoesboom13,very good
76561198178799403,Recommended,307880,17598354,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,RosiePosie,"So far this game is basic, however the premis the game being based solely on survial is awesome. It would be better if you could see the enemies health bar and if you could stack more items together. The graphics and the gameplay is good, it reminds me of Elder Scrolls trilogy with very different objectives. So far so good, but I hope improves more; thankfully is only beta for now!"
76561198027541238,Recommended,307880,17608035,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,PrimeMover,"A nice take on survival, a more RPG-like game in the genre. Interesting enemies and weapons that take some time to farm materials."
,Not Recommended,307880,30402796,Posted: 8 March,all,ROUS,"Sadley this game looks like its going nowhere fast.The developer clearly isn't listening to the people actually playing and the game itself is completely unstable, constantly suffering from the same bugs being ""fixed"" over and over again (spawning is constant issue.) At the time of writing this I cannot launch the regular or beta version of the game because of the newest patch and im honestly not surprised.Avoid this abandonware at all cost."
76561198156451526,Recommended,307880,21961119,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,calypsojimbo,For early access savage lands is a brilliant game in my opinion. I'll start by saying its harrowingly difficult single player i recommend tell your friends to buy it and work together or if your friends aren't interested join a multiplayer server they helped get my character basic armour and that type of thing. As i've said it can and will kill you at first but don't be disheartened and remember its early access so bugs will be here and there.
76561198124845609,Recommended,307880,18447351,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ashadowspartan,"Had trouble killing a deer as a a quest. Also the camera speed was a bit fast and made it hard to control, a way to adjust that would be great. If possible a map would be epic. Thx and look forward to the full version"
76561198021563890,Recommended,307880,14896912,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,GovmentCheese,"Played for bout 3hr and got to say, its very good and i'm hard to please."
,Not Recommended,307880,34622222,Posted: 30 August,all,Tyrtamus,"BUYER BEWAREWas fun, and developers were very involved & held weekly livestreams. Then they weren't. They have left this unfinished game to rot, taken our money and are now using it to fund another project, that one can only assume will be abandoned as well midway through the development cycle. Spend your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,307880,34624115,Posted: 30 August,all,Niccolo,Can I get a refund?
76561198152512006,Recommended,307880,15990628,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Shadowlord101,"This game a very very harsh and amazing game with no map and no help its very hard to survive. but still its a VERY fun game. Even though theres glitches and stuff it doesent mean theres nothing to do. Fighting ""Forest Giants"" and ""Dire Bears"" is a very satisfying experiance and a very refreshing one at that from the normal Walker Zombie. Its Style is a hybrid between RPG and Survival or... D&D and The Forest. theres alot of content in the works and the devs are very active unlike other early access games...*cough *cough (The Fifth Day) *cough *cough. Over All I give it a...*Drum Roll... 8.6/10    Note. this is for what it like now when its done its going to probily be a 10/10Edit:I WIll Keep Editing This Review Over Time As The Game Gets Better :)"
76561198047584614,Recommended,307880,15971053,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,XXReaperXX,"Ok... this is my first review of a game, and salvage Lands is that good, i had to tell people.1st thing is the graphics they are really good, 2nd is the gameplay open world with beautiful sceenary, 3rd easy to use  crafting system, keep in mind its still early access so there are bugs and not that much to do atm, but i spend hrs on salvage lands single player and i love it :)My opinion its like skyrim, not much to do as skyrim, but the devs have the right idea, carn't w8 for next patch ^^"
,Recommended,307880,17161977,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Veigar,Downgraded Skyrim. Nothing more. Its fun.
,Not Recommended,307880,17640944,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,ＴＨＩＣＣＵＢＵＳ,"I had really high hopes for this game. I was expecting something along the lines of Skyrim meets The Forest. What I got however was a pretty mediocre survival game that didn't really offer anything interesting or new to the table. It's pretty much your standard wake up on an island, make a campfire, scavenge, hunt, etc. Except that it does all of this stuff very sloppily. In the end, I just felt myself feeling very unfulfilled with this game. Oh well. At least it gave me an opportunity to try out the new refund system; which I was quite satisfied with."
,Recommended,307880,15040756,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Shiftshape,"Let me start out for when I first got this game.>Spawning in, forgets the starter loot, dies from wolf.>Spawns in again, finds the starter loots, chop down some trees.>Find an abandoned encampment, decide to camp out there for the night.>About to leave, random stone hammer spawns in, take it, mine stones.>Make house in the middle of nowhere.>Night comes again, two Dreadful Undead Knights invade my camp.>Furiously rage as It took me 10 minutes to build that.10/10 Would get raided again."
76561198182635774,Recommended,307880,19995530,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Buschbursche,"FIrst of all i must say i like the game and its ""fantasy/medieval"" setting.  Its great fun to explore the Island or islands and build your own little town while fighting off monsters, especially if you play with a friend or two.I played the Alpha branch till last week and really liked the size of the sundered isle, it really was a feeling of heading out in the unkown sometimes, and felt great to come back in the wide fields with no trees anymore where your personal little city is located.After playing the beta with its (as far as i explored) 3 islands i must say, the islands themselfes look awesome, the landscape and structures really seem to fit. But it also on the other hand seems smaller than in the alpha. I saw most of it allready and didnt see nearly as much in that time of the alpha island.I hope the beta is just a little teaser of whats in the making.I would recommend the game but also would like to point out that it can be a little tedious to know that a update coming soon could mean all your farming is obsolete. Yada yada yada early access i know i cant complain about that, well i still do a little, and you can suck it. i just hope this wont be a ""forever early access"" thing, but i have no way of knowing."
76561197960456064,Recommended,307880,17215028,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ev0kill,"I jumped into Savage Lands after watching the video on the steam store page and reading some of the reviews. Spawned on the beach, gathered what little was on the ground that I could, and headed towards the player names on my screen that seemed so vastly far away. A few times I found myself waiting my own demise out in order to start over on that beach and go back to my body and gather my stuff again. Took me 3-4 times dying to get the hang of the game, some people find that to be a con I find it to be very fun.Ran too far and didn't grab enough flint so you can't start a fire? Die from freezing. Didn't gather or hunt any food? Die from starvation. Running around naked at night? Die from wounds bleeding out after surviving wolf attack. Thought you were safe in that little villiage you found? Die from incineration from dragon.Now I'm addicted and can't get enough. I think what I like most is figuring things out on my own and trying to delve deeper into the game and its story/world.Crafting/building, surviving, and playing with others excels in this game as well as hunting and gathering. It's all there and very fun - it has the feel of an MMO except instead of leveling your character, you're just on a never-ending quest to constantly improve him/gather all the crafting materials/explore and of course, surviving the hostile world.This game also gives you an option to join friendly servers or hostile, which is neat because on friendly servers you can see player names at all times so you can venture out and join them - however, on hostile servers you cannot see their names.I like that this game has a sense of mystery and curiosity to the world and its denizens - I must see and do everything for myself!!! Considering this is early access, it is very important that the devs of Savage Lands are very transparent and active; they are always doing live video streams explaining the latest (and frequent) updates/changes to the game. There are no game breaking bugs, and it's only getting better at this point with more content being added.There are also tons of what I call 'little things' that really make this game unique and entertaining (and a bit polished considering early access) - a few examples are the graphics effects, various game mechanics, ambient and environmental sound effects that really bring things to life. Sorry that's not really specific, but just play the game and you'll see for yourself.Cons?-Minor bugs but nothing game breaking, can be comical at times (flying animals, rare)-Could have more content, not really a fair con since updates/content being added very frequently and the game has so much potential as more things build upon each other-Lack of character customization - this is being added in the future though, so just a temporary con-In-game voice chat is garbled and unclear - this will probly be solved when they add dedicated server capability (hopefully)-Can get real laggy since there are currently non-dedicated hosted servers, but usually okay/join someone else-There's warmth, health, and hunger, but no sleep! Maybe there could be a fatigue/sleep status added!-Island world: At some point I can see this being sort of a problem. What I mean is that the end-game goal seems to be to kill the dragon (which of course involves gathering the rarest of materials and crafting the rarest of items), but when this is acheived and at this point there are dedicated servers - what happens then? Every tree chopped, landscape overrun with player-made buildings etc., the server is depleted and you go join a new one. Then rinse and repeat...Thanks Signal Studios for a great game."
76561198208964043,Recommended,307880,23026064,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,(KYFS) Ladiesluvmeh,Its good. needs improvement though for sure. otherwise great time waster and will always keep you on the edge of your senses
,Recommended,307880,17387921,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Corn on the Cob,"Okay, so after playing about 30 minutes I realized this game has really amazing potential. I want to give some constructive critisism. It seems like all open world survival games have the same thing in common: THEY'RE REALLY GLITCHY/CHEESY (in the graphics of course.) I think they should take the time and make the player move and jump and interact in a more realistic way. I love the building and all that. I think they should also have a tutorial or something. I had to look up where to find things. I just think this game is pretty fun. It could be made into something really amazing!!! (UPDATE: Add some snares and maybe some bunny rabbits and you can catch them with the snares. Make a better way for hunting and getting food easier from the start. There! :D)"
76561197981725831,Recommended,307880,20759527,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,jlambert1,"don't review games much,,, because reviewing games is like interpreting someones   delusiions.... ya gets what ya pays for,,, I like this game.. First crafting survival game I have played... bout 7 hours of play time..pros: New game- And very dirfrent, initially, there is a little hand holding that gives you a vey simple and safe opportunity to craft:  a fire place and a lean two;; you find an axe, chop down a couple of trees, collect some stone,, and then kill two  deer,, then you are pretty much on your own... I have not seen a map,Environment: looks good, appears to be very Nordic,,, I have not played skyrim,, but looks similar, a little.. Picture an icelandic coast with snow squalls, wind and distant mountains,,,, appears to be wide open, not at all linear,, Haven't progressed much because i keep on dying,,, skelteons, not a problem it the wolves and other carnivores...speaking of dying, as of yet, the game does not support   a save mechanism.. you die, you respawn back on the coast: Naked, the respawn provides a bright red skull you are able to follow back to your corpes.... Problem, by the time you make it back to your body most times you wiill freeze to  death or die in a wolf attack... I have died bout 5 times ..Graphics: look good,,, I get some frame stutter,,,have been fooling around with the settings,,, I have an 8 core processor  running at 3.4, 16 gigs of 2400 ram, Asus 370 Strix 4 gigs.. so, don't think its my hardwareExploration: this game is not a back yard barberque sim... It is SURVIVAL.  You sit you die, you don't chop wood, you die, you don't hunt and gather, you die...you cook all your meat, you hunt your meat,, Cave man meets the stoneage sim.    Inventory is a bit of a learning cure,,, crafting seems easy, eveything you have you either find or make,,Recommend: BUY IT,,, and get yer caveman on, remember it's only a game,,, beats siting in LA traffic or shoveling snow or counting the days to next ChristmasBetter than donkey kong and pitfall,,,"
76561198072954004,Recommended,307880,20256509,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BorkWaffe Doggo,"I love to play this game to late night with my bro just a very good survival game with great adventure like gameplay. Every update makes the game more lovely. Better optimisation and less glitches every update, devs are working hard and I wish all survival devs where like them. I think there might be more spawn of ores tho. And sometimes when you kill a boar you can't loot it (not a big problem since boars are everywhere) and the game needs more spawn of cotton in random areas (there are cotton farms but still..) and I hope server lags and frame drops will be fixed. THIS GAME IS ADDICTIVELY AWESOME 8.9/10 :D***************EDIT************************************The game is dead. Forget what I wrote."
,Recommended,307880,14962798,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Saul Goodman,"It's  good and it's not lagging anymore. If you want it, buy it."
,Recommended,307880,15423561,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,zapattack987,"The game is still very young, but shows so much promise!Review time is 4/17.The game is great with some friends, is difficult but fun.  It doesn't walk you through a tutorial so checking out forum discussions to understand things is important at this time.  If you find a monster, odds are that the first few times you see it, it's gonna mess you up good!  The progression of buildings and weapons/armor feels rather natural, even this early on.  You will quickly learn the importance of shelter, especially at night.  Even with a limited amount of progression that you can make at this point in time of the game, it is very good at consuming your time.If you like open-world sandbox survival games with serious enemies, pick it up and watch it develop!"
76561198068806335,Recommended,307880,22921942,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,frogprincess_q4,"***EDITAfter discussion with Kevin from Signal who reassures me that food is being rebalanced soon and managing to successfully build a wooden shack in a reasonable amount of time (now with full access to its interior) I'm feeling a lot more positive about the future of the game. Things are definitely being worked on and that is one of the most reassuring things in an EA game.It is still needing more development, but if you are willing to deal with rapidly-changing gameplay and the usual woes and uncertainties of Early Access and if you like a challenging survival game, I do recommend Savage Lands. Those lands really are quite savage, but they are beautiful too.END OF EDIT***I find Savage Lands to be be strangely frustrating. I play single player and the difficulty is punishing. I'm glad that there is finally a health bar for enemies, but overall I think that I enjoyed the game more a year ago than I do now.The new map is attractive and the graphics are good, but starting out is now even harder. I played for a few hours today and my little dude, Amy*, needs to eat about 5 pigs a day, just to not starve to death. Amy apparently has an amazing metabolism, perhaps it's the cold climate.Chopping down a tree with low level tools now takes 4 times as long as before and pretty much destroys the axe after 1 tree. I'm not sure if it's been fixed yet, but the last time I tried building a house (which took ages what with the slow chopping and the rapidly disintegrating axes) I couldn't actually get inside it, because the doorway was too small. So now I am spending an excruciatingly long time building a stone house. Apparently, they are easier to enter. I sure hope so.I frequently get a bug that makes it so that the crafting recipe for an item only appears if Idon'thave the materials in my inventory, making crafting things a right pain in the posterior. Relogging does fix it temporarily, but it's really frustrating.Getting cold reduces the health bar, but warming back up doesn't allow the lost health to regenerate. So I try to only eat when near a fire so that I can restore the lost health and frankly, it's just another annoyance. As soon as you walk away from your fire you are becoming injured by cold.There are plenty of updates and the game is still in active development, unfortunately the development feels somewhat chaotic and it's very difficult to find up-to-date info on anything.I would love to explore further and see more of the world and possibly it would be a whole lot more fun with a group of friends, but the way that I am feeling right now is that I cannot recommend it in its current state. Hopefully, one day things will feel more balanced and less buggy, but I suspect that the developers are focused more on creating the game that they want to play, rather than the game that I want to play, which is of course their prerogative, but I cannot recommend a game that I'm not really enjoying playing.*My little dude is called Amy, in honour of the fact that I cannot play as a female character."
76561198170203963,Recommended,307880,19593489,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,mustangkid73,Great game. It needs a map that shows your location and the location of what you have built and the ability to change your view from first person. when something is charging you it is impossible to tell what direction it is coming from.
76561198104868594,Not Recommended,307880,33786868,Posted: 25 July,all,Runr,"This shouldn't be called Early Access, as that would led you to believe there is a nearly finished game there. It's not nearly finished and unplayable."
76561198034023903,Not Recommended,307880,33790327,Posted: 25 July,all,Scalapher_Falanar,Another Early Access abandoned.............
76561198141754656,Recommended,307880,19743575,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,jackleon,"For me this is the type of game that won't bore you to death so many wildlife,resources,not to mention the map is pretty huge if you ask me"
,Recommended,307880,16021839,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,gang gang420 csgoroll.com,all i can say is wow this game is to good love it so far insta buy for anyone
76561198123539697,Recommended,307880,15859129,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Pyrabo,This Game Litterly breaks the boundaries of entertainment and experience a survival sandbox game Its A mix Between Chivalry rust and Skyrim
,Recommended,307880,15888518,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,{Geekz}SpoopyMaxusthebeast,One of the BEST survival games I have ever played! It even tops two of my favorites which are stranded deep and starbound. It has a really real looking map and a good amount of different evil critters to combat! Whee doggie!
76561198121935040,Recommended,307880,17307378,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Cpt. Vesh,"Thsi game is exceedingly fun. There is always more to do, even afte ryou have crafted everything there is. You always need to be collecting resources, so there is no ""wasted"" or ""idle"" time. This is a game that one could spend hours and hours tromping around. The map is huge, the content is good, and has only continued to get better.I cannot wait to see how this game has progressed in a year. Buy this game, support it, and it WILL get better.Also the team that is building this game WILL LISTEN TO REQUESTS FROM THE USERS. If you have a good idea, they may implement it in the future."
76561198000873071,Recommended,307880,17391436,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Lemmium,"Very fun survival game. So far I've been scared by bushes rustling 5 times. The crafting system is neat, the more stuff you find the more items appear in your crafting book. If you find a weapon, you can now see how to craft that weapon. Also when hosting you can set PVP to friendly or hostile. Not sure if friendly means ""no pvp"" but I can assume it does."
76561197974315887,Recommended,307880,14804334,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Yurizle,"Savage Lands feels like Darkfall mixed with Mortal Online with graphics, gameplay and elements more than other games mentioned. This release is a very solid and extremely playable Alpha release. I believe I speak for everyone when I say its been a while since a stable non laggy/non crashing release. Sure alot of it is most likely due to co-op rather than a full open world with everyone cluttered but there is just something about this that feels good. There is expected latency sure but its bearable and it doesn't bother you.I hope more updates and fine tuning come to this game. This piece was one of my better purchase decisions."
,Not Recommended,307880,14844765,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,meme machine,"This game has great potential, however, is desperately needs fixing. Wolves and skeletons are OP and glitchy (Wolves threw me up in the air and there was a skeleton flying). Things need to be easier to come by, such a rocks, which are essential to surviving. Villagers can be great or useless, depending on the items you find. And what's the point of the dragon?With work, this game will be good at the least. But for right now, its pretty bad and not that fun."
76561198090333144,Recommended,307880,16903122,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Sparky,"An amazing break from the ordinary as far as survival sandbox games go. Before going to far into yes, the game is Early Access, and yes, there are some bugs, (deer twitching around in areas with a high tree density, two packs of wolves travelling on top of each other for a total of 8 etc) but none of them are game breaking IMO.Too many survival sandbox games have popped up promising a lot and offering so little. If you are like me at all and want a sandbox game in which you dont have to worry about mobs of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥killing you at spawn (DayZ, Nether, Ark, Rust, and any other game in which you spawn on a beach) or those same mobs of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥breaking into your house when youre gone due to real life responsibilities and robbing you of 10s of hours then this is a game for you.The community is great as far as i can tell, in the time that i have played i have had no issues with griefers or trolls.The game in itself is amazing, a huge map to explore, diverse amount and types of enemies to kill and be killed by.Building system similiar to the forest, which works just fine IMOCrafting system is pretty fantastic as well, well a good amount of armour and weapons to craft, lots of storage options.And the game is updated on a fairly regular basis.Also easy to connect to and play with friendsI really hope the game continues at its current pace, as this game has, on its own, restored my faith in the Steam EA program10/10 Would get lost, freeze, bleed, and burn to death again"
,Recommended,307880,17406203,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Alex,"Great game! One of the very few survival games today that isn't filled with game-breaking bugs, and doesn't have the same  gameplay as the previous games. The game requires you to be patient while you're hunting, crafting and doing your best to survive in the wilderness against many (scary) creatures. Definitely recommended for survival fans who are (like myself) tired of seeing games with potential get ruined because of lazy developers. The devs in this game are active every day, and provide you specific details on when the next update will be available, bringing even more and more content to the table to prevent you from boredom. They are extremely kind and do their best to get this game out of early access and make it a damn good survival game. Great job on this one :)!"
76561198035297348,Not Recommended,307880,24487463,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,~Jade~,"Updated Review:They introduce bugs into the game right before going live, then they put the game on hold while they do a different project, leaving players with a broken/unfinished game, all the while leading players on, saying they will come back to fix/finish it later.  Thanks for taking my money and giving me... this.  And just to be clear, I am not really thankful.  I feel I have to explain this since I do not trust the devs have the intelligence to read the sarcasm in that statement since they thought it wise to treat their customer/fanbase this way.Try a different sandbox survival game instead, like 7 days to die, or pretty much ANY other game.Original Review:A dragon that keeps spawn-killing me over and over = time to play a different game.  The game was fun before this, now it is pretty much unlpayable."
,Recommended,307880,14798541,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Challenger,"Spawned inFollowed the coast for a bitfound a camp and a hammerbuilt a firestarted a housewent huntinggot attacked by a boarkilled three deerfound a villagesaw a dragongot some equipmentmet a zombiebooked it to my campfinished my sheltercooked my foodNow, I'm excited to continue"
76561198088341770,Recommended,307880,14847803,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sybh,"---ALPHA ALPHA ALPHA---1. Dead (Frost death)2. Ahaaa.... I need a campfire, but it goes off after while ... Need to gather all the rocks, flint and logs AGAIN :) - Death3. Temparature is good - starvation - dears. killed one - 3 sceleton notice my smell from underarm... fast i grab some baby wet tissue - too late. death4. Where am I ? where is my campfire, leanto, ... all gone?. Cant be,... running like hell, hell what? Death again.5. Hmm... water, must be some fish inside. Cold, i am soo cold. Death again.I think this game, is hard to play but hard is fun.Pros:-Crafting-Hit Box is good-Survival (you can die from beeing cold, wounds, starvation...)-Dragons, wolfs, skeletons and other creatures...Cons:-sounds-environment (single one)-Fighting animations-Skeleton animation ( they are funny not scary)-Leanto (basic sheter need sinew(need to hunt animals for it) house needs only wood logs and stick -why building leanto than?Well the game is worth to be suported, it has a potencial to become a good game, but it needs a lot of work. Price -40% right now is good. Whole price is too much for a game in that stage."
,Recommended,307880,24604608,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Reverend Revenant,"My experience in Savage Lands:Spawn in....Craft an axe and hammer and chase down some pigs...Chase my prey too far and gets cooked alive by a dragon...Repawn...Go to some small ruins and gets mauled by 3 skeletons...Respawn again...Take my time, build a crafting bench, and after a while of careful hunting, actually manage to obtain some armor....Decide to pull a stupid move and head back to the ruins while it's still dark...Sees the skeletons have metal armor and weapons...Gets mauled by skeletons, again...Respawn, again...Has a friendly encounter with a pack of wolves located right at my spawnpoint....Gets mauled by wolves...Respawn....Gets mauled by wolves...Respawn....Gets mauled by wolves...Respawn....Gets mauled by wolves...11/10 Would get spawnkilled by wolves again..."
76561198086228332,Recommended,307880,17742416,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,PushingLizard,it is extreammly fun
76561198144781972,Recommended,307880,15725404,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ZwEgAn,This game is quite awesome and has so much potential
76561198211423819,Recommended,307880,22251504,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Trifecta,10/10 have a good time # is a rust meets skyrim
76561198052395015,Recommended,307880,22204790,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lone Wanderer,"(Appologies for my last terrible review, I have since deleted it. It did however take me 2 hours of troubleshooting and going through forums to finally discover how to get the game playable. For anyone with a laptop that has dual video cards: You may need to go into your video card settings and force this game to use your gaming video card otherwise it defaults to the onboard)Savage Lands is another game in the survival genre (my fav) with its own unique challenges. You need to worry about keeping warm and feeding yourself to stay alive. Starting off completely naked (at least at current build 0.8.3) in a frozen unforgiving tundra makes for a very difficult learning curve for brand new players. They provide you with starting tasks to get going but this is not enough for a new player to survive without previous knowledge of what to actually do. You may want to search for a very recent beginners guide before starting this game. There are lots of guides but the latest build has you starting off with even less than previous builds.Take survival and mix it with gear based progression, sprinkle in some interesting fantasy lore and you have Savage lands. If this sounds like your kind of game then I highly recommend supporting this development."
,Recommended,307880,22171922,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Bag God,Great game!
,Recommended,307880,22194096,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Dan,It was normall untill the last update at 28'th march 2016. They took all my ores that I was collecting a few weeks.Otherwise the game is good.
76561198105526500,Recommended,307880,22127262,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,The Blair,"It's a great game. Not exactly playable on my Mac right now due to it being too laggy. And the menu for changing options is a little weird. Just control f helps. But I wish it was smooth. However, I did play before the updates and I'm just going to say this game has quite a lot going for it."
,Not Recommended,307880,30867288,Posted: 31 March,all,Alankor_MrFungi,"There is a sad situation here. I bought this near release, as some people have done as well, and expected it to get better. At the time, I was trying to run it on a low-grade laptop...and this was before steam refund. I am now stuck with a unfinished pile of garbage that wasted 15$. I haven't even played it on my new PC, and just by looking at the reviews I got scamed. Thank you garbage developers that stole 15$ (more like 20-25$ when I bought it.)..."
76561197978340788,Recommended,307880,25084754,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,vanliner,this game starts out like any other sandbox survival game. spend countless hours farming making gear preparing yourself for better adventures ahead. soon you get gear run into some wolves and skeletons that beat on your face untill you figure their fighting out. move to bosses for nice loots sometimes if your lucky. i have spent around 100 hours on this game. the sounds of the enviroment scare living crap out of me at times. even though its a grind at times to make bags and stuff i find the over all game really fun and would recommend it to anyone. got it for me and my 2 sons. will say this game still in devolpment so is few glitchings seen a goat flying through the air!  thought that was odd and funny at the same time =) and really love how servers are set up for freinds or public pvp or nonpvp over all i give it 9 out of 10 and for a non horror survival i stay on edge myself im a big wimp in games that scare crap out of me. happy gaming!
,Recommended,307880,25134767,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,shuryanc (Skyrim Modder),"After playing for several hours, its a fresh experience to survive under such harsh environment.Its good to see some lore on the island. Its funny to coop with other players to live on the savage lands.Since this game is still in early access period, I think the problems within the game is understadable.It will be good if the following points can be fulfilled.Technical:1) Allow opengl 2.1 and 4.5 to be performed on windows so that players can have more choices to run the game2) Bug solving: In coop mode, joiners may see the flashing creatures and those creatures cannot be hitted.Game play:1) Quest mode: There is large potential for the game to be further developed so that the game can have more realistic gaming experiences. The current problem of the game is the lack of human issue such as how people act in order to survive. It will be good to start from a group of people and NPCs arriving the land accidently and have to find out the reasons they come to the land and the reasons of disappearance of the natives. And set continuation of that group of people and the land survivors on the island as the final target. I am not talking about another skyrim, but instead a real survival game."
,Recommended,307880,19340037,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,DanteMccloud,The new version of the game is AMAZING comparible to their old version I played about 10 months ago and it was just terrible. I started playing again about a week ago and me and my group are now hooked and can't get enough!
76561197973673287,Recommended,307880,14819855,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Wizzy,BE WARNED hunger  goes so quick more you cook you eat it so most of the time you hunting and there NO WAY to make your house  or items secure in there every server some one  coming in and stealing the hard to get items and leaving  there no lock boxes only pine chest but they vanish(bug)  it still needs a major upgrade to make it half playable and i know its only first week but security of your house should  be important as its multiplayer  :)
,Not Recommended,307880,31055608,Posted: 10 April,all,oBerry,"I used to play this game a year and a half, maybe two years ago. It was fun back then. It was incredibly barebones, but it was playable, and there was definitely potential. I got it for two other friends and we had a blast for maybe 15 hours before getting bored, but hey it was incredibly early alpha so we were satisfied and hopeful to come back to it later when it'd be more fleshed out.About a year later, I reinstalled it. Here was my experience.- Wake up- Visuals haven't changed much, performance did- Getting stone was way more grindy and took way too long- ""How did they make the ai WORSE?""- Immediately on my way to dying, way too quickly. I couldn't even get my bearings, I'm just already freezing and getting hungry- DRAGON. DEAD. Respawn, dragon comes back and breathes fire again. Repeat for entire experience, nonstop- Wolves everywhere. If it was night time, there were always 8 wolves biting at you if you weren't standing out of their reach and a dragon locking on to you if you stand still on said out-of-reach platform. So either you run until you're out of stamina and get mauled / freeze / starve, or you get murdered by the unrelenting dragon- Literally this is default settings, not some crazy hardmode- Uninstall, scarred- Reinstall 5 months later- Exact same, no changeDon't get this game"
,Recommended,307880,17411551,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,ArnokasLT,Really fun game. Reminds me of skyrim a lot. Recommend to try this game.
76561198047367638,Recommended,307880,17394804,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Sharquille O'neal,"Died way too much, got me pretty mad. Almost cried. Has programmed♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and dragons. 10/10"
76561198109370589,Not Recommended,307880,31324477,Posted: 23 April,all,Deadly_thac1,"Last update, if you could call it that, was in january. Silence from them since. Very dissapointed that this game stopped developing. It had potential but it appears to be dead now. THANKS SIGNAL STUDIOS! You scammed us all."
76561197975070302,Not Recommended,307880,31329974,Posted: 23 April,all,LG | Fanty,Like others have said. Its not worth the buy. For me it wont even launch. Steam needs a policy change on Early access games in regards to refunds.
76561198140804009,Not Recommended,307880,31340441,Posted: 24 April,all,星,Savage developer
,Not Recommended,307880,31404267,Posted: 27 April,all,afetogbo,I got this game right before the last major update and it was okay but needed a lot more work. Now to find out that the game is no longer being worked on makes me sad. Just another to add to the early access disappointment pile. survival is a particularly hard hit genera for this.For early access games with staying power try the forest.
,Not Recommended,307880,31329335,Posted: 23 April,all,Kaze,I am very disappointed and would like my money back. If you are going to make a game and sell it you don't abandon it or give it to someone else to forget about.
76561197972606398,Not Recommended,307880,32258376,Posted: 7 June,all,Aethaeryn,"Before the switch to Unity 5 (from 4) there was a good game that was making decent progress.  It was fun and focused.  The new ""big island"" thing seems to have killed it.  I tried playing an older version, which you still can but when i realized it was unlikely to be finshed. . well. . not much point.Great concept, was headed the right way but with the current lack of updates I can not recommend it :("
76561198098560724,Not Recommended,307880,32246282,Posted: 7 June,all,Chaz,"This game was fun (for Early Acess standarts) BEFORE the ""recent"" updates. Yes. Before. Now it's just another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pre-alpha quality title that will forever be as so since the team behind this is Signal Studios, aka ""Abandon Studios"", this is not the first game they did this to and will most likely not be the last. Before they ""updated"" the game's engine, the game ran fine, now I can't even play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I regret having bought."
,Not Recommended,307880,32608848,Posted: 20 June,all,TacoLoco,"it sucks, it really sucks... beside Forsaken Uprising the worst survival game y ever played"
76561198187657773,Not Recommended,307880,30727956,Posted: 25 March,all,crackmore,"Not gonna complain about the whole abandonware issue, abandonware can be cool if it was dropped far enough into development.I am refunding this game for a very simple reason, system requirements are complete BS, this game is to heavy for me tk launch even though i have i have the recommended specs.edit: the one time i did manage to launch the game it looked like something that would be cool to play if it was finished and wasn't lagging so much"
,Not Recommended,307880,16145586,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,A Spicy Meatball,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEBelow is my review of the game when the developers actaully worked on the game.  But now that they have abandoned it, I cannot in gtood conscience advise you to buy it.Flee from this game.Below is my old review, and it is no longer relaventI was told about this game by several of the members of my Steam Group, so I tried it out.  Here are my impressions after putting some time into the game.Unlike most other games, you can build your character up in offline mode, and then take that character into multiplayer servers, pvp or friendly.If you host the server,yourworld becomes the game world, and whatever was in your world, is part of that online world.  Multiplayer servers do NOT require any port passthrough to run a server, (no firewall changes).The game reminds me of Skyrim, both in visual looks and in the theme.  The crafting is simplified, and fun.  Save whatever you ever pick up, and dump it in your base, you will use it eventually.Until you beef up your character, don't venture deep into the forest at night.Build your house / village on the coast and remove several hundred yards of trees and bushes radiating outward from your base, so you can see critters.Get a fire going first, chop some bushes for some berries, make some basic tools and weapons, get wolf armor..these are your first basic steps.The easiest way to defeat any tough creature is to run backwards (backpedal) and swing your weapon at the enemy.I don't know why, but the dragon ignores you, and you can even build a house under his roost.  UPDATE: the new build has the dragon trying to attack you when he is flyinh.  Nice!The game gets updates in a regular fashion, and announces it on the front page in a countdown clock.Multiplayer hosts can kick or ban people, and I have seen some strange and disruptive people and have had to ban people for extremely offensive names.I like this game, and I hope that you do too."
,Recommended,307880,23907656,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Soviet,1 First in a series where I compare these survivor games to Planet Explorers &The Forest (mildly to terraria & darkout)Things this game does that makes it special: Fantasy Setting (Think if elder scrolls was a survival game)This game does not allow designing of schematics or blueprints. (Planet explorers has this)No digging or mining underground. (Planet Explorers/minecraft/terraria/dark out has this)No voxels.This is more  like The Forest only very rough in terms of frame rate.Has a background story/mythos**More time played: fps bothered me so i looked up solutions:in steam launch options put -force-d3d9Unfortunately it's not much of an improvement on the The forest. However it does have anice medieval feel to it.Combat is a bit wonky due to sluggishness.Barely in game for 30 minutes and it's lots of fun. killed a boar then got killed by a boar.The circle of life. *update: killed many boars and soem wolves then got eaten by wolvesMajor problems so far: Optimisation makes everything seem sluggish and framerate is poor even when set to lower settings.I will update as I play more of this and other games like it.
76561198042229889,Recommended,307880,17407704,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Moisty,"Fantastic, challenging and lots of fun!"
,Recommended,307880,17445229,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,TBH | Cheesecake,"Savage Lands is filled with the greatest potential I have ever seen in a survival game. It's in its most basic form right now being alpha, and it isn't dissapointing. Whether its killing your first Forest Giant, or running away from the terrifying Kur, this game has much to please the everyday survival gamer."
76561198097483791,Recommended,307880,17447328,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Roar6,This game is tons of fun especially if its played with the right people and/or friends it can be brutal and fun and makes you keep going.
76561198063325639,Recommended,307880,17450273,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,White woman,this game is probobly in my top 3 survivle games of all time. just wish the multyplayer wasnt as laggy
,Recommended,307880,17453214,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,JFjesusfrreakJF,"I have only played this game for a few hours and all i have to say is, wow. This game is absolutley awesome!! I love playing it and exploring and surviving! All those people who say this game is way to hard are a bunch of pansies. If anything this games difficulty could be amped up!! Its especially easy if you have someone to play with. And even playing with your friends is easy because its based on a host game and not a massive server so itll only be you and your friend! The crafting menu is super easy to get used to, surviving makes sense (eating, healing, getting warm, etc.). Watch a youtube video or 2 of someone playing this game just to get the essentials down of how to start out and you will be fine. I love skyrim and like minecraft and the two of them meeting has been awesome!Overall this game is 10/10 and i recommend if you have any interest in this game, definitely get it! I am a ""save all the money i can"" kind of guy and was weary of buying another game but this one did not dissappoint!!!Thanks devs!! Cant wait for more updates to come!!"
,Recommended,307880,17465032,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Steven,"Challenging when grouped up on but besides that the game AI is pretty fair. Looting is simple and crafting would be better if you were able to upgrade weapons/armor.Hunting is the most challenging part right now aside from lore gathering.Would love to see this go for a full version where you could kill Kur even if it was only in multiplayer.\Well put together, great job!10/10 will keep playing.Comment made at 9 hours playtime."
76561198147254419,Recommended,307880,17475220,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,[NWA]Tjalfe - Worst friend ever.,"My first review. I might be simple minded, but im having fun.Yes, it is Early Acces and some things could be improved.Easy to get into if your a curious person and/or are capable of reading.Yes, someone has made a Beginners Guide.10/10 Would Suicide Explore run until I starved or froze to death again"
76561198151185734,Recommended,307880,15146817,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,JimmyLeShadow328,"I do reccomend this game for the POTENTIAL not for it's current condition. There are a few feedbacks that I hope the developers will take time to read :)I think that a larger selection of hostile entities, more terrain variety (I think new maps will most likely be added in the future), A server hosting system at some point like minecraft where you have a permanent server that is up (whitelisted perhaps) and people can join, more options for adventuring and exploring like caves and the dragon's tower maybe with loot to be found in places like the village would add very very much to the gameplay experience. Obviously there will be more items added and maybe things like neutral NPCs. AND HERE MY MOST IMPORTANT RECCOMENDATION. The ability to terraform an area and BUILD WALLS LIKE A VILLAGE FOR SERVERS. Without terraforming currently the only way to bulid a halfway decent house is to build it in the village that alrealy has flat ground where you won't be able to peek under the walls and where you don't feel like a savage because your floor is the snowy grass."
76561198121777767,Recommended,307880,17338350,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,FightingFaerie,"Great game. A little tutorial at the beginning to show you how to play and what key does what ect would be nice, though it is fairly intuitive and I picked it up quickly by playing around with the buttons and keys.A couple other things I think it needs:Some sort of map system, even if its a very rudimentry or crudely drawn one of discovered areas.Ability to sleep. You still won't be able to skip or fast forward through night, but you get some other bonuses like douple Heath regen and halved hunger decay, maybe only as long as you stay above 60% body heat. Also it would give you a third person camera with free rotation mobility so you could look around and keep an eye out for enemies. activated my typing /sleep in the chat.On the topic, include several emotes you can type into chat to perform, such as: /sit, /laugh, /dance, /taunti've only played about a week ingame so I don't know if it is already in the game or in development, but changing seasons and weather. Some days it might rain, some more than others, and more often in spring/early summer, getting wet increases heat decay in cold temperatures. Possibly even expand the heat bar to go over 100, if you get too hot you start losing health?Also, the deer need more meat. The game is suppost to be pretty realistic and in real life if you kill a deer you have enough food for at least a week or two. 4 or 5 meat per deer seems fair.Lastly, having water sources on the island and the ability to fish from lakes, ponds, rivers, streams and the ocean would be nice. Spear fishing anyone?tl;dr: Great game 9/10. Has a few things that could be improved or added, such as maps, sleep and other emotes, seasons and weather, more meat from deer, inland water sources and the ability to fish. but it is open beta so there is plenty of time and chances to impliment more changes and developments. Looking forward to whats in storeXD"
,Recommended,307880,17394358,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,GamerKnight332,Oh man! so much to talk about.this game has it all folks.played this game for hrs and its really quite fun! nothing bad here!
76561198148620482,Recommended,307880,17399932,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Kago Heikichi,i do recomend the game for all but there is a weird lag ive discovered because i can run way more high quality games than this but this wont run without lagging terribly i dont know if its just an uptdate or something wrong with my game but this game has great potentental and its very fun i would give this game a 7/10 but when its out of early access ill bet u it will be a 10/10 game
76561198031601948,Recommended,307880,17407658,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,mrpointlessone,Pretty some what fun of mine will change later when there is more stuff to do but not much right now. You start off on the shore and can die fast if not quick to get food or a fire started. Only things to do right now that i know of hunt and get the stuff to build a house/base but not much else. Still giving it a yes thumbs up its going to be a good game when they add more stuff into it.
,Recommended,307880,17438369,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,shrooomzy,"Concept looks great, The view scrolls too fast for me to do anything , could hardly do anything. If i could run it propperly it would probably be fun . Hope it develops more !!"
76561198149665909,Recommended,307880,17476492,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Ric.P.O,"I bought the because it looked like skyrim but as a survival game and it seemed super cool but it is way more than just that, the game is hard and unforgiving at the beginning because everything wants to kill you but as you evolve you will feel so happy for everything you accomplish, like it took me three hours of mining to get the sword that's on the title of the game and I was so happy because in that moment I went from surviving to thriving.Besides the producers keep making more awesome content.This game is definitely worth your money and time.Thanks for reading.Hope for more and more updates."
76561198068492605,Recommended,307880,17435617,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,dragon eye,This game is awesome i have a home area near a villiage and some homes that have items spawn near them.Some things that can be fixed are an indicator of where your home is. Beds and more tasks in the checklistOtherwise i love the game
76561198197537694,Recommended,307880,17479127,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Anonimus,1.Spawn2.Find rock3.find axe4.find weapon5.chop some trees6.Make a shelter7.Go hunt the boar8.Get killed by boar9.spawn10.find people to help you11.Beg for food12.Die from starvation13.Spawn
,Recommended,307880,17555355,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,punani armani,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,307880,17443244,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Lilliput,"very hard to kill 2 deer.. damn..good at mining, good at killing skeleton, yet die from starving, lol..it's hard yet addictive.. hahaha"
76561198015752245,Recommended,307880,17439356,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,AK Night Hawk,"First of all I would like to say this game is really awesome.But also very unforgiving as well. Like quite a few other people havestated this game looks kind of like Skyrim in a few ways anyway. Butthe looks is all that this game has in common with Skyrim.You start out on the edge of the water. With nothing. Looking around on the area whereyou start you will usually find some items to pick up.I hear your starting pointis randomised. Not sure. But I know when you die you restart at a random location.Starting out you find that you get cold really quickly. Also being completely new. It took me a little wileto figure out how to play. And craft things. But all in all once you do the crafting becomes easier.Finding a Axe and a hammer on the ground helps allot. Though they are in places new players whomdoes not look around in the starting area will not find easily. When I started I walked right past the axe.Then going back after watching some youtube videos about the game. I found some of the items I needed.By following the shore line.One big gripe I have though is the game is a little too hard for beginners. Esp if you have never playedthis type of game before. First thing I did was go too deep into the upper areas. And found a small town.And looking around in the buildings I was suddenly ambushed by some mean skeletons. Where they gang♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me offthe bat lol.. I personally think that if there was a easy, med and hard mode in the options menu it would help allot. Especilly for new players. Whom has no idea what to do.But all in all this game is really good, Though I think there needs some tweaking to be done to a few things.One being the eating system. And starvation. You find yourself constantly needing to eat, almost every 5 min. And starting out you have to kill a deer or find snow berries from trees to do so. I find myself having to eat atleast 10 times or 20 times in a day and night cycle. Maybe a little less or more depending. But you do have to annoyingly eat alot. And honestly I think it could be toned down where you have to atleast eat 2 to 3 times in a cycle. At the most. Hell I only eat once a day. And I am fat! lol.Another thing. That I think could be added to the game is foundations under the buildings. So when you build one on a hill the floor of the building will look better, instead of being partally off the ground. If you maybe had to build a foundation first. With stairs. I think that would make the game more emersive. Then put the building on top of the foundation. So it would look better.But that is just me.One great thing I have found so far, is no crashes yet, what so ever and the game runs fairly well on my system.I have not had any slow down. At all. And I am playing it on high graphics. Also speaking of graphics the game looks great. It is a really nice looking game. You can feel what the devs are trying to do with the game. And I really hope they add a ton more crafting content to the game.And I know that they are against it. But I do hope they add magic to the game. Fireballs ect. Or some way to cast things like that. Maybe from special gloves or something. Socketing items with stones maybe? Ala Diablo 2 and 3? But giving the ability to cast fire or other elemenatal magic from your hands would be awesome. Or even from your weapons.Swing your blade and a streak of fire in a arch flies out of it. That would be awesome. But all in all this game really could use some type of magic system. I also hope the devs add Elves maybe sense elves are magical they could be the ones that can use real magic?Elves, Half Elves, Dworves, Orcs, and lizard like characters, along with Cat like characters would be awesome.I could see this like a really good RPG. It has the potentual to be one.Anyway. Get this game. It is worth it. Esp sense it is on sell. I still have a crapload of playing to do. But so farI really like this game. It is hard. But I can live with that. I highly reconmend it.Also one last thing I will say. I hope the add more ground storage containers. That could be made early on.Without a forge. most things need a forge to be made. But if you could make some kind of barral or something to store stuff. It would be great early on. Also the game could use more buildings, and walls too. Being able to wall in a settlement that your building would be great too.Something that would help keep baddies out. Would be wonderful.Anyway I will shut up now lol. Great game, and loads of fun. Worth a buy for sure. On sell or not."
,Recommended,307880,17439723,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,TastySchnitzel,Pleaze put in a bed or something to respawn at your base/house
,Recommended,307880,17540916,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,[NWM]Shufflebagz,"Great Game. Should be amazing when finished. Needs a in game map for sure, plus more creatures/animals more structures to build. Some annoying bugs here and there but they will be fixed. All in all a great game! id recommend it to all my friends!"
,Recommended,307880,16313772,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,WWR The White Wolf,"Recipee is as follows:-Suvival with a hint of Skyrim,Crafted weaponry on the side to use for the main meal,Metal plate,Lay up some meat, eat it, don't starve!♥♥♥♥♥♥off the dragon.12/10 Would be flambéed again."
76561198052397361,Recommended,307880,17531805,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Unholy,"Got this on sale! glad i did.  very well done for early access. has alot of potential, i hope the developers  keep up the awesome job they have done so far ! my only complaint is i wish jump worked better so i could hop up  on boulders and such better."
,Recommended,307880,17436115,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,ry62747,pretty good coal is too rare though
76561198021992918,Recommended,307880,17439972,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Tropical (Frost),"Spawned. See three dudes along the beach. Tried to be cool. Didn't workout. Got gang-bang, they ra-ped me. Respawn with no knowlege of how to make things, then killed some deers then crafted my-self a spike club; soo happy about it, then found a campfire. Spend the night there. Happy with my meat and spike club. Then in the distance; Oh! is that?!  is that?! Oh! S h i t! those dudes again! Noo! Thinking myself; come closer, then. Surprise! MotherF**** pullout my spike club then BANG!! They didn't even know what hit them. kill two of them. Revange taste sweet at last. Nobody messes with a true survivor. Overall, this game it is fun it brings joy and it has potential to be some really great game in the future. I give it 8/10."
76561198058192336,Recommended,307880,17484204,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Megalania,"Dropped off on an island you have nothing. Cold, Hunger and Health play a part as they would realisticly so gamers can really have an experience where they have to keep themselves alive. As one gets deeper in the island there are more enemies especially at night so its quite easy to find yourselves with no food, no fire and no shelter, or get lost and can't find your base! you can use the ruins of bases on the island or make your own buildings yourself. I quite liked that you can place logs into a building and it will gradually form shape. For an early release it is great its similar viewing to Skyrim, visually stunning."
,Recommended,307880,17492336,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Meta,Spent hours freezing to death.10 of 10 would freeze to death again.
,Recommended,307880,17408851,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,The Goblin King,"Great game, especially for early accessWhile this game has decent content as is, I can see some people being bored with what there is now, however, keeping in mind that this is early access i see a lot of potential in it. Another thing i would like to mention is that the setting feels like a real place, i often find that in games there are often places that seem completely impossible and they're usually all over the place, this game makes the world feel very possible, roaming enemies may also attribute to this feeling of realism.Graphically it's good considering it's in-progress state but nothing to write home about.Audio wise i actually quite like it, i usually listen to podcasts while i game so i shut off the music but the ambient audio is really nice, it's fairly good quality, and simple enough to be both pleasent and immersive.Gameplay (control) is good, controls well and the options available make things nice, it may be a personal thing but being able to set any command to any key is incredibly nice and almost a shock to see in a game of this level of development, i feel a lot of people won't even notice this but i feel it deserves a mention."
76561197970682644,Recommended,307880,17408908,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Gegoben,"The best survival game we have ever played. The baby of Elder scrolls, The forest, and terraria, simply amazing :)"
,Recommended,307880,17409459,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,WisperSam,this game is amazing i got the game yesterday and have already played 11 hrs i would honestley recomend it
76561198072020189,Recommended,307880,17436819,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Herpes,"Its a refreshing change from other games, thoroughly enjoy it so far, keep up the good work devs solid start!"
,Recommended,307880,17439232,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,LaZeR716,"Amazing game! This game is alright solo IMO, but really shines in multiplayer when grouped with other players."
76561198125060143,Recommended,307880,17526822,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Scallywag,"Definitely takes a little bit of figuring out, but once you get the hang of things, this game is simply awesome."
,Recommended,307880,17405064,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Digitalius,"Well, almost two hours into the game and I love it.  Do wish there were more than a few creatures and undead--But this game is great."
76561198136459786,Recommended,307880,17409434,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,chubber2014,great game if u like skyrim themed games craftings great dont have to pay to host a server
,Recommended,307880,17409472,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Torpid,"Going to keep this pretty short as its late and I should have stopped playing hours ago :PProsPlayed with a friend and had a great time.  Finally a survival game that actually has some strife to survive!  Definitely an old school feel to the game overall.  No map function is great and really draws you in, I cannot stand games today that have the guiding light from the sky to show you where to go...I followed the game and joined a few TTV streams before purchasing.  Devs are very devoted and interact with their community constantly which is a rare thing to see.  This is an EA done right.  Had such a great time in its current state and can see it only getting better.ConsThe shore definitely needs some optimizations where the water is breaking on the beach.  My frames were dropping hard whenever I was near the water break.  As soon as the break was out of view the game ran wonderfully with zero fps issues.  Dedicated server would really make this game much better as well.  However, the devs have already stated in a recent TTV stream this is a feature coming soon (few weeks).Overall, happy to support the game with the 4 pack I purchased and would die to freezing ocean again :)"
,Recommended,307880,17545835,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Jim Lahey,Hey Really good game i love the building of the game :D building a 2 story house is cool. I really notice that at night is the worst time be out side with all the armored sekelitons. But i think you guys need to at like none sekeliton people to the game so like you can buy things form them :P that would be awesome. This is a really good map and i think you should make like a really big map so that you can make boats and you can travel to other islands and make base raiding and good stuff. But so overall it a REALLY GOOD GAME BUY THIS GAME BOYS NOW PLAY IT WITH YOUR FRIENDS AND HOPE FOR THE BEST ;D
,Recommended,307880,18885994,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,David_Armstrong1988,"As the low budget game, this game is really good. It's not the nextgen game but it makes fun anyway. I like it and i recommend this game for everybody who like survival games. Play it alone or with friends, doesn't matter. It makes fun."
76561198123561440,Recommended,307880,17439768,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,SPOOKED YA [Twizzle],"So I've been playing this game for the past few days and so far, I'm loving it. It is literally the perfect center of DayZ and Skyrim. Super fun single player and I've been wanting more. Haven't gotten into a legitament hostile public server yet with my friends, but I'm still kind of learning how to play the game to the best of my ability. Building your civilization and then deciding to make the trek somewhere else is such a pressuring feeling, and it keeps the feeling in the game. The biggest complaint that I have about the game is that it is almost literally impossible to get back to your civilization if you die at night. The dire wolves that you meet in the night are crazy ramped up and it seems that more appear at night than in the day time, making it impossible to recover your corpse without getting picked off by one of these ♥♥♥♥ers. Not saying that this is all just annoying and bad, it actually makes for a lot of suspense and caution not to get picked off recovering your corpse. It definitely sets the mood. If it was easier to get back to your corpse at night, I would definitely give this game an 8.5/10. Since there are updates almost weekly, I could see this happening sooner rather than later. But, as of this current patch, I would give Savage Lands a strong 7.8/10. I've been loving it and I highly recommend playing this game in the dark or by candlelight. Sets the ambience to the max :)"
,Recommended,307880,17442257,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Cainhurst,"This game is great, i am sure with a little time and effort, this game will be worth  $100, i am already stuck into the gameplay, so many things to do. Not only does this have many things to find and create, it is also very hard and grindy, but when you are finished making all the good gear, this is where the fighting comes in place. Fight demons, demon wolves, big fat trees and Alduin(Skyrim reference :D). You will eventually get bored of the game, but when the updates come in, you'll find your self playing the game no doubt. Hope there is more content, like maybe little goblins, and please increase the spawn of monsters, and add more better bows, i hate the 2 shot long bow to hunt. Overall, the more effort they put into the game, really pays alot. This game IS and WILL BE worth $20."
76561198054781702,Recommended,307880,24487041,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Slipery,I PLAYED FROM THE START ... HAD ILLNESS ... CAME BACK ... DID THE UPDATES ... GAME SEEMS TOTALY UNPLAYABLE NOW ... a dragon that one shots u in a start up area ? walves that one shot u in a start up area? wtf guys you seem to have taken what was looking to be a very good game and have taken several steps backwards .... ho hum at his time i cant promote this game to anyone ...game plays much better with new update ... spend a few pennise folks and buy this as its rather splendid .... came back to add moare to review .... the above was then this is now ... buy game already ... jollies :)
,Not Recommended,307880,30649880,Posted: 21 March,all,Strides,"I bought this because I had some extra cash in my steam, there isn't really much to do at the moment, if the devs will ever improve it, but as of now, don't buy it."
76561198045027734,Recommended,307880,24702073,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,AwkwardHamburger,"i got this game yesterday, to try it out, figured why not,  adventures of skyrim plus the crafting side of rust? why the ♥♥♥♥ not? when i first started i was hoping for a ravenous pillage of♥♥♥♥♥♥from everything that could bite, and what i wished for is what i got, as soon as i started understanding what to do and how to play, the game got ever more fun to run around and explore, as an early access game, it is quite well figured out onto where the developers want to go with it, this game has so much potential and even in the early stages of it, and even tho im still just a beginner in this game, its such an enveloping game play,  i cannot wait what else these guys have instore for this game,"
76561198001178283,Not Recommended,307880,30657646,Posted: 21 March,all,The Architect,not a game for solo players. complex and excesive problem solving just to get started. would problebly be more fun with two or three friends minimum.
,Not Recommended,307880,33194207,Posted: 3 July,all,Malektha,flagged this as fraud.  do not buy
,Not Recommended,307880,33490886,Posted: 12 July,all,AtomicAquarius,The games is already very difficult and not in a good way. It lacked some necessary features and unfortunately it seems as though the devs have stopping working on it. Maybe they'll come back but as of right now I would not recommend buying this game.
,Not Recommended,307880,33620122,Posted: 17 July,all,~CaNdLeBoX~,Game is trash. Crashes to desktop all the time. Thats if you can even get the game to run.  Loading is slow as hell.
,Not Recommended,307880,32551786,Posted: 18 June,all,Hawkest,dissapointed to learn that this game is no longer in develpoment
76561198084022012,Recommended,307880,23145177,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Manes Tyrsson,"Savage Lands.This game has A LOT of potential.I started playing it a year ago.I convinced some of my friends to get the game, as it was amazing to play on multiplayer.We stopped playing for a year.When i came back, i must say i was surprised :- map changed, giving a new gameplay to the game- tons of itemsetc etc.But, there was unfortunately too many deceptions :- animals/monsters crossing rocks and literally disappearing- i got stuck 9 times in 5 mins between icebergs or rock without ANY chance of getting out, i could barely move or jump, nothing changed and i lost everything i got.- graphics didnt changed a lot.- Monsters OS you even before you could get close to them to check it out on the second island ( i was on full Tin armor)This game has a LOT of potential as i said. The concept is amazing and i perfectly know how hard is it to make a game, so this is why i am certainly saying it is a ""bad game"" like most players.If i could help in any way, i'd like to tell the creators that i'm ready to help. I really believe in this game as it has the bases of being an epic game.Let the devs to their job, and lets help them build a magnificent game.Why is this on the thumbs down category? Cause i want the devs to read me! =D"
76561198021160758,Not Recommended,307880,35436955,Posted: 2 October,all,SLyWolf,"Its a shame that the devs wanted to get paid and run... but that is what they have done here with this game. I had bought the 4 pack over a year ago and still this game is left in the dark by the devs. They rarely even update the game let alone let the people that paid for it know anything at all about what is going on if anything. So, sadly i cannot give this game a good review at all, NOT EVEN CLOSE. The devs have cut and run with all the money good gamers have put into thier product that they abanded. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME DEVS HAVE LEFT IT FOR DEAD!"
,Not Recommended,307880,33422855,Posted: 9 July,all,YourNeighborlyWartortle,"Really cool game concept, really bad developers who gave up on this game"
76561198386347698,Not Recommended,307880,35468577,Posted: 4 October,all,TigerTank,"The game design is good but it has some fatal problems, one is that you cannot select female roles, all players appear as big men. My wife and I play together as two old strong dreadful men staying closely together like gay friends. Beg you append female role so that we can enjoy all the poverty, hungry, cold and bleak despair."
76561198037601734,Not Recommended,307880,35483959,Posted: 4 October,all,BAiT0151,It's not abandoned...they're just on a break from when they were hardly supporting the game to begin with! >.>
76561198134116220,Not Recommended,307880,35463763,Posted: 3 October,all,NeXT Level,"Half broken, uninteresting, has very little potential and development is abandoned (or in the developer's words ""on pause""). Mark this company and refuse any of its future titles.  Cash grab pure and simple.Steer clear"
76561198046392249,Recommended,307880,17592066,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,phil77zone,"very cool game. feels like a finished game with the exception of quests and human enemies and such for single player but lots of monsters and creatures,etc. (not into multiplayer) good graphics, lighting/immersion and optimization...thank you guys for making a single player version so many good games but i dont like multiplayer...like the difficulty for survival, dying alot but plus side is like dark souls where everything you find is needed to live so it feels rewarding...dying sucks but very fast loading times"
76561198272284607,Recommended,307880,23835673,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Y33T,"Has potential, but needs some work done. ;)"
76561197995108238,Recommended,307880,20400110,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Scyther,great game
76561198011794295,Recommended,307880,22771105,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Bam,"Early development, but game is already fun and challenging. Lack of instructions makes getting started tricky. There are some decent walkthrus on YouTube. When just starting out, be sure to make a hammer and an axe. Hammers can mine rocks and axes can harvest trees and shrubs. Both can be used as weapons. Finding flint can be tricky... seek out boulders that highlight red when you look at them up close. Maneuver during combat... staying behind your enemy is key to avoiding damage. Sneak up on deer from behind."
76561198008063871,Recommended,307880,17433193,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,BadMedicine,"This is my first review on Steam and I'm going to keep it short.  This game is worth every penny and then some.  I've spent the last 2 years digging through survival games since I outgrew Minecraft.  There are a lot of garbage titles in the genre and that is a good thing as the best games easily rise to the top.  This is one of those gems for sure.  The most amazing thing is that this game isn't even remotely finished and it's already my fav game in the genre by far.  This is intended to become a Skyrim-survivalish game.  So at some point I'm going to be able to cast fireball spells?  Just take my money now.  My only regret is that I bought this game on sale for $8.00, and I really feel bad that the developers are not gettting the other $12.00 they had planned on.  I've never felt this way about a game and may in fact donate another 12 bucks just so I feel better about it.  Just buy this game... DO NOT watch streams or YouTube videos if you can help it.  The less you know, the more fun you will have."
,Recommended,307880,17458552,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,TIMUEL,if u like skyrim and survival then is this game for uu dont need to have a player online u can play perfect in ur own and bead some skeletonsthey work good on the game so yea i recommend this
,Recommended,307880,17435602,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Goshyox,Fun survival game. reminds me of elder scrolls
76561198089650501,Recommended,307880,17178494,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Steelkatana3,"I like suvival games and this one has my top five. As soon as i entered the game it was kinda good with the objectives they give you, to help you get started and learn some of the basics. the building reminded me of the forest or life is feudal: Your own, were you select yuor building and orient the structure how you want. The controls aren't to bad, pretty good to say the least. Graphics are great to for early acces, very little bugs to none at all."
,Recommended,307880,17602669,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,california,good for memesters
,Recommended,307880,16878447,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Salad Ass,"I thought there would be magic...EDIT: Also, a map would a nice thing. I'm not talking a map of the world but something like minecraft's maps.EDIT #2: (This might be asking for a lot) Maybe you guys could do something that most early access games don't do is optimize the game."
76561198040976468,Recommended,307880,16421491,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Vargalf,"Game is fun so im giving it a positive review but the devs really need to find a different watermark for ""EARLY ACCESSS BUILD"" because that is burned in to the upper right corner of my monitor now..."
76561198073012839,Recommended,307880,18878451,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Aszhune,"The game is still simple as I think it lacks content, but it is great in it's simplicity. You can decide how far you wish to explore, the further you go from the initial shores you can encounter more dangerous enemies. What I especially like it how you can basicly build every structure available in several hours of game time, though the only really usefull structure is the blacksmith which makes it possible to make better armor and weapons (provided you have the materials). I am going to stick with this game for a while and hopefuly watch it grow :)"
76561198104046905,Recommended,307880,18908794,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,tobiuslunar,"I've been watching this game for sometime, trying to decide if I should buy or not to buy. I took a chance played just an hour & I'am now kicking myself for not buying it when I first saw it. I would just like to add, I don't write reviews that much. A game really has to make an inprection on me before I part with the Queen's head. So if your thinking about it don't just get it an have some fun. I hope the dev's will keep adding things. Thumb's up guys well done."
76561198072817446,Recommended,307880,18865579,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,bong nut,"Good game, good mechanics, but not very well optimized. Definitely try to pick it up while its on sale"
76561198066199288,Recommended,307880,18019990,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,HappySpanners,"not a bad little game to play with friends, feels a bit like don't starve.would like the servers to be a bit bigger maybe."
76561198076039282,Recommended,307880,18906302,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Trixe,A Fun Unforgiven Game with a style similar to Skyrim 7-10
76561198099753670,Recommended,307880,18925383,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Timothy,"今天玩了这款生存类游戏，觉得很赞。虽然这款游戏不能和生存建造类游戏Rust和H1Z1这两款游戏相媲美。但是它的可玩性很高，开发者在游戏细节上做的也很是下功夫。这次的优化我没有感觉到有什么区别和改变，但是在游玩的途中遇到一些BUG，例如看到有些玩家在空中行走或者其他的问题，虽然这款游戏在测试阶段，所以以上这些问题的出现也是情有可原。希望在下次的优化中能完善和修补这些漏洞。对于新手玩家来说这个游戏的上手难度中等，前期不是很难。但是在对于建筑物建造方面我觉得开发者还是做的没有那么明了。Today, this survival game play, and I'm like. Although the game can not survive the construction of games Rust and H1Z1 Both games comparable. But its high playability, the game developers do detail is also very hard. The optimization I did not feel any difference and change, but the way to play encounter some BUG, such as seeing some players in the air, walking or other problems, although the game in the testing phase, so these problems It appears forgiven. We hope that the next time optimization can improve and repair these vulnerabilities. For novice players get started in this game difficulty moderate, pre not difficult. However, in regard to the construction of a building or do I think the developer is not so clear."
76561198095071488,Recommended,307880,22526867,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,WildIronJ777,"I dig, I would wait for it to be a bit more optimized, but overall I really enjoy the time I spent on this game. Best to catch it on sale, though, I did get kind of tired of it after a few plays."
,Recommended,307880,17457702,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Degurechaff,"This game is looks alot like Skyrim and plays like Rust, it has online which is good and the gameplay is random which makes it fun.Some gameplay :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrA5R3JMqu4"
,Recommended,307880,17493770,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,-=[TLG]=- UntrainedKiller,"ummm, its ok, building is annoying and thats pretty much how you live. theres no map markers you can place so u just gotta learn it. its an ok game for now, i guess. hopefully updates will improve it make it less boring. maybe.. probably not.I recommend it if your just super bored. like so ♥♥♥♥ing bored your thinking sbout buying a hermit crab. dont buy a hermit crab. buy this game. or a llama. a llama would be cooler. or maybe a llama with a jetpack? ya buy that!"
76561198043434328,Recommended,307880,17462242,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Zame Shadows,"Ok so I'm only about 8 hours in but I'm liking how things are going I'm just far enough that i feel safe adventuring at night alone or with a friend or two but still terrified of kur showing up and burning me to a crisp. Sadly I've yet to see any furies or giants, I'm guessing i just not far enough from the start area yet. Can't wait to fight some of the named enemies, planning to go looking for a few tonight.Things I'd like to seeWould be really nice if building a structure would level the terrain floor, would prevent dropped items from rolling outside under the walls and whatnot, not to mention the ground clipping through the floor of the townhalls.Ammo counter for the bow, yea i know u can put the arrows in the hotbar but after u use those 25 u can't tell how many more u have, not a big thing would just be semi helpful.Quiver bag, could only hold arrows but would let them stack to 100 intstead of 25 and have a few slots, could be a worn item maybe accessory slot, other accessories could be cloaks to help warm when in armor that isn't so warm. Epic teir item, after kur combat done could include a fireproof cloak made from kurs own hide.A block mechanic, shields would be nice but if i can block with my sword at least i wouldn't mind so much.Some type of cave/dungeon in game would be cool but I'm sure thats already been thought of.All in all the game is amazing so far and i can see myself playing plenty more in the weeks to come, I love that there is an update countdown in the main menu. I'd recommend this game to just about anyone who likes survival games it has just the right mix of grinding for items and fighting for your life that you'd hope for."
,Recommended,307880,17393003,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,NightPain,"My first impressions:Character feels super fat, like you're constantly running up a hill. Not really any sense of direction when you start out. I just ran around for a while, killed a few skeletons and a wolf, then froze to death. All I really found in this time were four of the same hammer, and some meat. The combat system also feels a little boring. I would like to see some major improvments with the crafting menu as well. I was expecting my computer to handle it better too, it was stuttering a bit.The game is too early in development for me to really judge it properly. Definitely a lot of potential here. I look forward to trying it again in a few updates.(I did thumbs up this on purpose. I'm not hating on the game, just sharing my opinions with those who are considering buying the game.)"
76561198085417582,Recommended,307880,17448012,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,MdotR,"I have been very interested in this game since I first seen it pop up on EA... However, being against EA, I told myself I would wait quite a bit until purchasing.  Now that the game has been out for a bit and seeing tons of great reviews I decided to take the plunge. Very glad that I did.It constantly gets compared to Minecraft + Skyrim.  I wouldn't exactly say that is the hybrid I would go with, but I can see it.It is not a digging game or a block builder.  So dont get excited if that's what you love about Minecraft/Terraria.It isnt an action rpg.  There arent any NPCs. So if that what you like about Skyrim, then tough.What it is: Awesome.You are washed up on a beach.  You find a few supplies that must've fallen off of your very tiny boat.You have 3 bars that you have to manage.  Cold. HP.  Hunger. All easily managable.You start of with barely any inventory space... Logical because you washed up basically nude.You have to gather everything you can!  Build a fire to keep warm and cook meat from the various wild life you will have to kill. (Sorry Bambi lovers)  Make a house to stay safe at night (also keeps you warm).  Cutting down trees, and mining are your main resources, but with lots to explore and find washed up on shore or at various camps where others have perished.There are several types of enemies that require different tactics and better gear to ""progress"" while you try to gather materials and better your gear.And there is a giant dragon flying about!This game is constantly getting updated.  The devs are constantly keeping the community in the loop and taking suggestions.  It seems like the devs want to keep this as realistic as possible but set within a fantasy world... I very much approve of this decision.  I really hope they dont end up taking advice from all of the casual complainers who want some modern-esque survival game.It is totally worth a pick up.  It isnt anywhere near finished but there is tons to do and lots to see.  I definitely think it is the type of game that one would enjoy to see evolve just as much as you would enjoy the game play.Note: I unfortunately have not given multiplayer a try, so I did not mention that in my review.  All I do know is there are 2 modes, one pvp and one thats pve co-op style."
,Recommended,307880,17457560,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Amane Kasuse,"yes i recommend this game,is awesome kind of Skyrim. but i have few suggestion like1. give a tutorial2. have a third person view3. mouse too sensitive4. how to cancel a builder if u dont want itthats from mesorry about bad explanation."
,Recommended,307880,16508012,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,FailWhip,"Day 1, completed the beginning guide to learn how to play, was great, saw this awesome sunset from my abode on the beach, I was able to chop down enough trees to build a shack even! It was awesome! I went into my shack at night to let the time pass, as I went to close the door some wolves decided they were hungry and I looked like a nice snack.Day 2, I decided to venture inland, as I was hunting deer and almost starving to death the nice dragon decided to end my suffering by eating me. 10/10 would do again.Day 3, I found a player town (yes I started on a server), they were nice enough to give me some food, bags, and armor, and I ventured back out into the wilderness to claim my own land! I had a nice shiny weapon now!!! I was hunting a deer when right as I ran up to attack it a bear came out of no where and decided to eat me and the deer. someone needs to teach these animals the ""finders keepers"" rule..Day 4, I'm running around yet again trying to find a nice place to live and I found this great area, I cleared out all the trees and shrubs, rebuilt my home and a great big fire to keep me warm, apparently the fire was too big because some skeletons decided they wanted to sit by the fire too so they wandered into my camp and proceeded to wreck me and take my camp.. what lovely gentlemen.All in all, this game is hilarious if you dont mind dying a few times to get the hang of things. Its been a very enjoyable experience thus far, will keep playing for sure if the game keeps updating!"
76561198057254455,Recommended,307880,15027354,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,D3ath5tar csgobounty.com,This game is a very fun game with strat and survival in it anyone would like it.
76561198032588917,Recommended,307880,17423343,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,portable slime gargoyle,"an interesting fantasy survival game that end up being very fun, however it performs awfully on my computer for some reason, and my computer is pretty good."
,Recommended,307880,17416970,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,coleymoley,10/10 would freeze to death again
76561198080479872,Recommended,307880,16463034,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kymko,This game has incredible potential and I'm excited to see where the Devs take it. I would easily drop $20+ on it while it's in alpha. Play it for an hour and you'll be hooked!
76561198068787938,Recommended,307880,16704258,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,New*******name:DarionMograin,This game has great pottentiali know im not the one to talk since ive only ahd the game for a day but i have a feeling that ive accomplished more than ppl with over 20 hrs of gameplay well lets skip this part...Savage lands will be if not one of the popular the best survival open world if set into motion right the game on its early access offers lots of fun and challenges the only problem is the bugs but its expected from an early access what needs to be fixed is the helmet bug where the head of the guy doesnt show that is one of the only bugs i noticed other than that the game runs smoothly and is pretty set for an early access if the developers update it constantly adding new content every month and bring the bosses in the journal to life like the 2 elite soldiers lucifer or whatever their called anyways the only thing ive had difficulty in doing is finding the forest giant atm im still searching but i know ill eventually find him and other ppl probably already did but thats not a problem.anyways the game is good fun and isnt very difficult once u grind ur way to good gear.
,Recommended,307880,17418848,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,ShoeSkywalker,"Going to start by saying that the game is somewhat crude.  However the gameplay seems solid and the attention to detail is amazing.  I chopped down a tree and instead of falling it got caught in the tree next to it.  I chopped down the next tree and both fell.  Also, I love that the shadows actually disappear.I'm only an hour in and I think I'm in love.On sale this game is a steal and I'm extremely excited to see what happens in future updates."
,Recommended,307880,17427816,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Lazyking,"Its an amusing game, in its current state its not worth 19€ but i picked it up for 7€ and i say its worth that atm.A thing i would like to get fixed is with the houses. Its to expensive to keep the torches burning, i would like a hearth in the house or atleast the townhall which i can fuel with wood. Or make the torches permanent once you buld them or at the very least make them last the night...."
,Recommended,307880,15128804,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Dr. Josef Foxtrot,"""Early Access"" for some game is really big trouble, but not for that.I'm a fan of the survival games, and I should write a comment about Savage Lands.And even though that this game have got early access status, it's worth it. And given the fact that developers don't forget about update and very often do it (gravely, they have got timer for update!), game promises cool.Now we can see great landscape: trees, water, sun, shadows - all of that are beautifully drawn, I fell in love in it. Big world, clever (sometimes xd) animals, and I really afraid when wolf walked quietly and... with full force howled in my headphones!!! >_<Maybe now this game haven't got only one - purpose (some if my friends said that, but don''t listen them, they don't now anything about sandbox)), and for me - more craft! More terraforming!Best of luck to developers, please, don't back away this game. It has a big future."
,Recommended,307880,16367249,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SMOKEYS,this game  has so much potential they need to add more stuff that  kills you
76561198162799602,Recommended,307880,16477525,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nathaniel,"This review is directed to the Devs. My friends and I love to play Savage Lands and relize it has some potential. We have some ideas of things we would love to see in upcoming updates. First off walking is a long and tiring proccess in Savage lands, in-game we have a main base camp with a town hall, forge, etc; but when we go hunting for food or going for minerals it is a lengthy proccess and it would be great if you could add mounts. In the way of mounts I was thinking that of course there should be horses, but why not have something more exciting? I don't know about you but I would personaly love to charge into battle atop my burly war bear to take out my enimies, or soar through the skies atop my dragon stead. I'm sure that you have heard this from lots of your players, but the map NEEDS to be larger. There is simply not enough to explore! I understand this game is relatively new, so for where it is this game is doing great. I reccomend this game to anyone willing to grind for materials for little reward other than to have them, and to survive in game. While I cannot say this game is a must-buy it should not be overlooked. So Devs I hope you have not overlooked this review and will take my ideas into consideration, and than you for providing hours of social fun with my friends."
,Recommended,307880,16046566,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ducky848,"It's fun, really is.The content is at a low level though. I'll admit learning it well enough to get to ""end-game"" took about a day.But once you're there, that's it.You can stand there with your awesome sword and yea that's about it.Hoping they add more content, boat for inter-island travel, at least twice as many crafing options, more hunting game, stuff like that.  Without it, the game gets very old very quick.But don't get me wrong, it's ALOT of fun. I'm just going to have to wait until more content comes."
,Recommended,307880,17423923,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,People's_Pigeon,NOT DONE ISNT AS COOL AS ADVERTISED BUT STILL SORTA FUN SO TRY IT OUT ANYWAYS IM KINDA OF NEUTRAL WITH THE GAME CURRENTLY
76561197979036918,Recommended,307880,17428065,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Spunk Hose,"this game is great! been playing it with my friends for a bit now, and it feels good. enemies are challanging, stuff is sometimes hard to find. i suspect they will be adding loads more stuff to craft and build in the future aswell, so things are allready looking up for a already great game."
76561197999681799,Recommended,307880,17495097,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Silvertip,"OK, After playing about 100 hours on a friends copy, I went ahead and bought  my own. I now have 31 hours on this updated copy and I have to say, the game has improved!  The only improvement I have run into that don't set well with me is the inability to leave surplus firewood and supplies in the Camps. It just goes away. and the second improvement I would suggest is an interactive map. or at least an accurate map that shows the big rocks in the ocean for points of reference.Don't get me wrong, I love this game and believe it has great potential and will keep playing it to see where it is going to finish Beta."
76561198157737914,Recommended,307880,21630190,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Sangwa,"UPDATE:I'm keeping the game recommended for now, but I advise waiting for March to see if what they will reply to the community. The game might be abandonware, which would be a disgrace and it'd keep me from buying an Early Access ever again.A worthwhile Survival with dark fantasy props. A good buy at discount, and even a good bet on full price if you're into the genre.The game has plenty of  content (mobs, crafts, buildings, ores, trees, etc.) which is good for an EA. The atmosphere is enthralling, making those first hours really challenging when you need to get clothed, fed and find some shelter. At night you'll be on your toes, specially when those snow storms hit.The challenge then turns into finding bigger game to hunt, and trying not to get outmatched by your potential prey. Experience is much better with friends."
,Not Recommended,307880,33250232,Posted: 4 July,all,The Deanie,"Game was/is broken, developers suck and havent done anything worthy of YOUR dollar.  BEWARE!"
,Not Recommended,307880,33229823,Posted: 4 July,all,GhoStalker,"I should have used the money this costs as a fire starter... I would have seen more return out of it. Steam really should have a system in place where we can rate developers not just games. Then we'd be able to warn users if they ""release"" other titles."
,Recommended,307880,18881523,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,:0),"Awesome game. This is one of the survival gems. Developers, I salute you!"
76561198149760241,Recommended,307880,18881827,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,fuddyboi,At it's best the game is very basic.There is land to search and things to craft. However i was drawn in and played several hours on my first run. I only have a budget rig but the game looked pretty good. I got strong Skyrim feels from the game which is great as I love Skyrim.Hope this game develops into something with far more content as it will be so much more fun.
76561198086574414,Recommended,307880,17389997,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Jon Thor,"This was a great game. However, while it is still under development here are the things which can happen to you.1. If the Host Ends the GameA) You join a new game, everything is rolled back for you.2. If you were banned by the host for no apparent reason and you're trying to get what you loss from the Roll-back.A) You join a new game, everything feels like it's rolled back to you.It's nice that we get to keep our stuff, however, the problem is this, how long will it be if we don't have anymore food or materials to make anything with the ammount of roll-back?I recommend getting this game at this price. But overall? Not yet."
76561198088401363,Recommended,307880,17393112,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,jw91508,"I have played a lot of games on Steam and this was first time I felt compelled to write a review.  I played this game with my my two sons and all I can say is the game is alot of fun.  Good pure simple fun.  Was fun to play, was fun to work with my boys building, hunting, and surviving.  If you are looking for a new game that is different (different from most games I play) i would defienelty recommend Savage Lands."
76561198083483371,Recommended,307880,17406475,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,UnDeadxSoulJah,the game have potential
76561198079875259,Recommended,307880,17430591,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,The Trash Man,These lands be straight Savage.
76561198043950479,Recommended,307880,17430935,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Roller of Destiny,"You can go out naked, fist wolves and skeletons to death. Oh, you can also punch stuff in the♥♥♥♥♥ Very pleasing."
76561198081268962,Recommended,307880,17524982,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,L00T.CIPHER,It rocks! You might get addicted...
,Recommended,307880,19301817,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,The Hero of Kvatch,">be me>first time playing savage lands>ok cool load in>doing survival things - killing wolves, midget tree people collecting pebbles>see a groovy towerino>begin casul stroll to towerino>see large shadowy figure in the sky>instantly die>turnt into a bbq dinner by dragondile dundee>dragon puts on chef hat and serves me to its family, amongst the many rocks i had on my person>entire family die because my character was a good for nothing absolute piece of pure♥♥♥♥♥♥who was starving anyway who was skinny as **** who probably ****ed more animals than america's western society and obtained more STDs and STIs than charlie sheen as of recent times10/10 would get turnt into charcoal chicken and made into a dragon's dinner again"
76561198062505633,Recommended,307880,24703867,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Aspenator42,"I am really enjoying this game. The more they update it the better it gets. I remember playing it when a long time ago and it was god awful. I went back to it again recently, and I am addicted!! It's a little hard and slow to start off and get the hang of, but once you have gotten into it, and started crafting the next tier of tools, weapons, and armour this game becomes something truly amazing."
,Recommended,307880,26800309,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Duke,"This game is truly amazaing. It's in a constant state of mass change and overhauling. From the Unity 4 version to where the game is now has been an incredible transformation to participate in. Buy this game now, play it now, and enjoy it forever."
76561197993855690,Not Recommended,307880,30212834,Posted: 26 February,all,Tom Arnold on PCP,"This game used to be a lot of fun and since I hadn't played it in awhile (it was early access back then) I decided to fire it up and give it another shot. It appears as though they broke as many things as they have fixed since I last played it, I spent a little while collecting things and then stumbled upon one of the first ""bosses"" of the game, Lord Kruul.My fondest memory of the game the first time I played was encountering him in the middle of a forest at night. He chased me into a village with a pack of wolves following him and cornered me against the side of a mountain to slaughter me in about 30 seconds flat.This time he beat me up a little bit when he hit me twice and I ran away from him to heal, but when I came back to fight all he did was run around in circles and then stand still, letting me bash him in the skull until he died.The deer and other wildlife seem to follow Kruul's example, they just stand there as you hit them repeatedly with a hatchet to kill them and ignore you if you're running around hitting other animals with a spear.I don't know what happened to the AI but it didn't used to be this dumb. If this game ever gets out of early access I might give it a try again but for now I'd recommend you pass on this one."
76561198097034337,Not Recommended,307880,31280415,Posted: 21 April,all,Mr. Viper,Yet another abandoned EA game...
76561198025458779,Recommended,307880,33940427,Posted: 31 July,all,Mad Max,"I am only recommending this game to prompt the devs to actually continue working on this title in the near future.It has extreme potential but is unplayable in its current state even for Early Access. This is not the kind of work you put up for Early Access. Early Access is supposed to somewhere along the lines of a playable demo or a tech demo. Either way, this game has been broken more and more with each update and finally the devs just put development on hold.If that changes then so will this review, but until then I cannot recommend supporting this. I, for one, honestly hope it changes and I think I do have some trust that it will eventually.  Again, I am only recommending this in hopes that the devs will continue their work on this. If that never happens then I'll be taking back this show of good faith and leaving a far more negative review."
,Recommended,307880,16479894,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Bi Curious,"The Dragon burned my face 10.5/10Its a hard game, but its really fun. #WortH"
76561198089279686,Recommended,307880,16612687,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Velashnath,"Early Access review:  This is a great game.You land on an island with almost nothing.  Your immediate task is to stay alive by finding materials to craft a fire and find food and shelter.  The island is huge and is stunningly filled with ruins, a large variety of vegetation and wildlife.  There are undead creatures in addition to the deer, boar, wolves and bears - plus tree giants and a dragon.  The day/night cycles are quite long.  The night is dark and cold with the occasional snow-filled wind, and this is when the undead come out.  Cold is pervasive and you are constantly seeing how far you can travel before you need shelter or fire.  If you become too cold you suffer damage and will soon die.  You can craft armour to help withstand the cold.  You do, however, spend quite a bit of time mining rocks to get the minerals to craft armour/weapons/structures and to maintain them.  The mining is quite a grind at times.If you have a good graphics card the visuals in the game are stunning; from the water to the vegetation and wildlife.  The deer in particular are quite realistic, the wolves less so.  I love how you can run for a little while before being out of breath and are forced to walk for a short time.  The sound effects of your breath, when you are very cold are great.  The island is very large and it is easy to get lost.  While there is no map, you can craft a compass which helps.Once you build your blacksmith and house there isn't much guidance on the next step.  The dragon seems to always fly and the bow/arrow will not hurt it at all.  You can explore the island and this will take quite a bit of time, and discover the ruins of previous inhabitants."
,Not Recommended,307880,33667098,Posted: 20 July,all,[TRR]RED 赤,This is the type of gameu buy and never play :D
76561198032157776,Not Recommended,307880,25847806,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Ch3m0S4b3,This game is too hard. Getting one shot by monsters isn't fun.
76561198000360543,Not Recommended,307880,25153939,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,thepronto,I played very little after buying while on sell. Seems like it has potental but falls short of the many survival games I have already.Hope the devs improve the game play; Maybe add a ranged weapon in the start so you are not trying to run down deer with a hand axe or sword! Very hard to hit some things even when right up on them too.For now I don't have the time or interest to waste on this game when I have so many others that are enjoyable.
76561198090131130,Not Recommended,307880,30998620,Posted: 7 April,all,ShatteredMysticisim,Only played the begining and didn't continue further nor have i come back to the game as i'm still waiting for female character creation.Not impressed as i had hopes for this game. Best advice hold off from buying it at this stage..
76561198118722692,Recommended,307880,17395584,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,TAIWAN,The giant wolf was Jerry Sandusky. I was the scared little boy locked in the Penn State showers.
,Not Recommended,307880,33602454,Posted: 17 July,all,Pirates,♥♥♥♥ this game!
,Recommended,307880,14981611,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Arturus Horus,"even in alpha this game was worth the price paid, $10. With more polish it will potentially be huge"
76561198058124198,Recommended,307880,14975915,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,OTIHA SASKE VILA NINJA,"This game have much to improve, the last patch added way too little... but this game have a huge potential"
76561198055365020,Recommended,307880,19373845,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Big-Foot Killer The 3rd™,With the new Updates out It looks even more fantastic really really like the way this game is going.... when I originally said it had potential I didnt think it would grow this big I really want to see what the Developers have install for this game considering it is still in beta.... Really like the new graphics.
76561198101864687,Recommended,307880,19326689,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,FezDispencer,"Game is fun though challenging. Its obvious where certain things are in development and they seem to be going the right direction with most things. Overall good game, and loads of fun to play in groups."
76561198063961067,Not Recommended,307880,29437034,Posted: 22 January,all,tf2demo,Why is this game so unoptimized showing such a slow frame rate...Even with low graphic settings.... the frame rate is horrible..I've even tried the -force-d3d9 setting.... does no good....I've got a GTX 970 ... My other EA games and AAA titlesrun super smooth with high frame rates... I don't care if its a EA game....Theres no excuse for this.. This game shouldn't haven't been releasedwithout decent frame rate optimization...
,Not Recommended,307880,34400377,Posted: 21 August,all,Reynard,Why is this game still for sale?It's been Abandoned by the development team.There are no more updates. Current state is unacceptable. It should be removed from Steam. Or price changed to $1 permanently if there are curious folks who want to experience abandonware for themselves without spending too much.Don't buy this. If you're REALLY interested them put it on Follow or Wishlist and keep an eye on the the development schedule for a while.
76561197984144873,Not Recommended,307880,34714512,Posted: 3 September,all,☜☆BearKylls☆☞,Scumbag devs... avoid at all costs.
76561197961522486,Recommended,307880,16951333,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,PUPPYKICKER,"Muaha!I am a Savage in a Savage Land!This is an Early Access Review - Friday July 10 2015I would like to state a brief review why I would recommend this game:There is an empty flower pot.  There are two bags of dirt. And one bag of fertilizer.  I reach for the first bag of dirt, which was obtained from the soil and beaches from ""The Forest"".  I pour the dirt in the flower pot.  I reach for the second bag of dirt.  It is from the snow and unforgiving gravel under my feet in ""The Long Dark"".  I pour the dirt in the flower pot.  I reach for the Fertilizer.  It is labeled Skyrim MiracleGro.  I pour the fertilizer into the flower pot.  A flower begins to grow.  It's name is Savage Lands.  I will be watering this flower every day until it is no longer an early access flower."
,Not Recommended,307880,32312913,Posted: 10 June,all,SpartaIsYourDad,"i bought this game 3 years ago, the devs were doing weekly build streams on twitch, bringing out updates and logs on a nice time scale and were very involved with the cummunity, the community was very impressed, defending the hard play style. its a massive shame they've left this unfinished. to add insult someone called out the devs a few weeks after i bought this, they called them out for castly miner z, an early access game the devs left unfinished.the game in its now state is some how worse than the earlier build.i would give pros but i cant bring myself to play more than 5 minutes of this garbage.cons.waste money.crashes to desktop.no updates.lacking in community.if theres anything you should take from this game is to watch out for the devs."
76561198017491430,Not Recommended,307880,35076835,Posted: 19 September,all,Stubbs,Total Pants find a better Survival game
,Not Recommended,307880,33325581,Posted: 6 July,all,Spartacus,Abandonware.
,Not Recommended,307880,30598409,Posted: 18 March,all,serega,Bought this game long ago hoping it will become good. But it's still ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I dont recommend it.
76561198026425874,Not Recommended,307880,33712743,Posted: 21 July,all,Mykahel,"Don't buy. It's ""on pause"" for the next few months. This news just arriving after having no updates for half a year. Could be great IF it ever gets finished. If it does, I'll update the review. Looks like it could be a while."
76561198083060022,Recommended,307880,25198387,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Russell Murfee,"I purchased this game a year ago. To see the amount of content and updates they've done since then is nothing but astonishing.They have upgraded the graphics quite a bit. They've added so much land mass it is easy to get lost, but that's a good thing.They've added bosses, several of them. They've also added unique/named weapons you can find or loot.The crafting in this game is awesome.This is very similar to The Forest in the way of gameplay. One of the few things lacking are gates for the fences, as well as being able to freely build your own structures. So far you have to choose different buildings and set them down and then add the resources to complete them.I highly recommend this game. As much as they've worked on it since last year, I look forward to what is next to come."
,Recommended,307880,25116846,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Diablosp,"Savage Lands is a somewhat ugly, clunky game that grows on you as you play. Mechanics are mostly good and it keeps on getting better as time passes.Survival is hard, enemies are challenging, and construction is quite nice.All in all, big thumbs up!"
76561198226818216,Recommended,307880,15988537,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,WORK2LIVE,"Not played this much yet, getting a little frustrated with keyboard controls after coming from a console background.On the whole it seems fairly addictive.  I'm dying a lot and there doesn't seem to be too much to find that will sustain my life that little bit longer.  Still early days, I haven't explored vast areas for fear of losing my way or my source of heat (cold will kill you quick).I do agree with the whole buy-before-release argument.  I understand developers need feedback, I just hope they don't string their customers along too much."
76561198108617832,Recommended,307880,19682410,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Down Cast,"It's a good game for $15, and constant updates makes this game even more better."
76561198124241350,Recommended,307880,19701835,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Thegamingmoe,good game just change the way you get rare stuff
,Recommended,307880,24087716,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Wilder ♕ King,"Originally, I would have agreed that this game was worthless, but the progress and the development of its core features seem to be getting better. It may take awhile, but i think the game has potential.It seems intense in the beginning, and you will need other players at some point, but it gets better later onUltimately 7/10, i think it will get better in the future though."
,Recommended,307880,19600670,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,eh,It has a lot of potential but has a ways to go.
,Recommended,307880,17404709,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Nightbreed,"This game may have potential, but initial impressions are not all that good. The graphics are lame, granted, I'm sure there are a lot of place holders, but still, lame all around. Combat is pedestrian and I'm beginning to think these slow moving, open world, survival games just aren't for me. The Elder Scroll games however hold my attention much more. I only bought Savage Lands because it's currently on sale, I'm so glad I didn't pay full price. I don't usually buy Early Access games, but I do think it's important to support the games that have potential. I'm going to recommend this game anyway, purely due to it's potential, but please know that it is very much still in development. I'm giving the developers the benefit of the doubt and have faith they will bring it up to AAA level.Pros:+ Frequent updates from the devs+ Devs active on the forum, open to feedback+ Potential as an open world survival/action game+ Ability to craft shelter, supplies, etc.+ DragonCons:- Lame Graphics- Pedestrian Combat- Filled with mundane tasks like collecting rocks- Mediocre menu design- Lack of controller support"
76561198047944061,Recommended,307880,16024049,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,lucifer,"For a early access game i think it's well worth a buy. it runs smooth, look great! and there are hardly any bugs.. tho there is a few things that need added, with time i think this game will be a masterpiece........!!STRONGLY!!  recommend this game!"
76561198154365431,Recommended,307880,17575798,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,cheeseburglar01,"hey guys, i know i wrote this before but this game is still laggggggy. i have checked the bug forums and it is still verry laggy. i am working on a Mac, and i know Macs are not the best gamming computer but i love the idea of this game so i hope you can fix this. oh and when i mean laggy i mean like it takes a while to turn around. LOVE the game, i hope you fix thisss. thanks bye."
76561197963500162,Recommended,307880,18487565,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Tex,I like this game. But they get hungry to fast and always looking for food. there not enough stuff to fine to stay alive long enough to do anything. you really cant travel cause you die to fast away from your mean camp
,Recommended,307880,17621298,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Ikeyasu,"I just want to eat you for life, why are you running deer?"
,Recommended,307880,17415686,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,ShitStormer,This game is doing early access very well. If you are reading this buy the game.
76561198016150129,Recommended,307880,16048105,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Oldtomato,"Chased a dear across an island, fought a mutant cat thing. Turns out that thing was about 50 levels above me. RIP"
,Recommended,307880,16889871,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Andrew-playz,i like the game its just i cant play it because my comp is not good enough goog this im getting a new on
,Recommended,307880,19899601,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Harv,"If Skyrim and Minecraft had a child.On a serious note,The game is very fun. It might be a little slow at the beginning, gathering your resources and such. After you've got the basics down gameplay starts to speed up and next thing you know you are crafting chain mail, successfully hunting deer, and fighting dragons! 9/10"
,Recommended,307880,17423204,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Spo0kzilla,"Okay, I'm just giving my first impressions here BUT - This game is incredible. This game is basically Skyrim & Rust's love child and it is wonderful! The game is still in alpha and I cannot wait to continue this review once the game has more content."
76561198005549964,Recommended,307880,16033516,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,DarkDarkness,Not to bad of a game for a Early Access. Cant wait for things to improve in the game but in its current state not to bad.
76561198127350616,Recommended,307880,16029637,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ghost Puller,This game is ADDICTIVE!!  I love this game!  Basic survival without the boredom.  This game has potential to entertain event he best of gamers. I am looking for to the next update!!
,Recommended,307880,15196654,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SirSCope,Positive for a game so new def need to work on the surviability aspect of it yes a bow will make life easier but food and the ability to survive waves of the big dogs would be nice
76561198023528824,Recommended,307880,18872703,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Dr. Strangelove,awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥right herebest played with your friends or something like that (=dog?)
76561197994020816,Recommended,307880,19424027,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,minipapa,i been waiting for a month for some new stuff and yes oh wait nope just the damn devs wanted to kill the ♥♥♥♥ing dragon ♥♥♥♥ that thing make the game ffs could be better but not yet only buy the game when its on sale you cant make anything or at least i couldnt figure it out
,Recommended,307880,17429713,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Elektro,*started the game**completed all survival checklist**worn some crappy clothes**equipped stone hammer**saw dragon**Pretended to be Dovahkiin**Engaged the dragon with furious**Forgot that im not playing Skyrim**Get 1 hit killed by Dragon**respawned and repeat everything*
,Not Recommended,307880,30320427,Posted: 4 March,all,Lord Unholy,"State of the game is pretty sad. Multiplayer barely works, and it's barebones. Also, it's been abandoned ""for the time being"". Look elsewhere."
76561198031988345,Recommended,307880,21162365,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,karl_sandow,"amazing game, addicted. good survival game but there isnt enough ore when you start out to readily defend yourself and build a settlement"
76561198031865749,Recommended,307880,16070405,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Belgannan,"I am generally fairly skeptical about recommending a game that is in early access, but I would say that this game is worth the $19.99 (and definitely worth it while on sale) right now.The game is very harsh, you can die to hungry and freezing. You can die from packs of wolves (or even the solo wolves right in the beginning). As you collect materials you can upgrade your gear (i.e. better armor and weapons).The melee combat system *feels* very rewarding currently, it is a little easy to sidestep and run around some monsters, but you can almost feel the swing of a weapon. I am not a huge fan of the bow in the game, mainly due to the large arc (I feel the arrow should arc a bit slower than it is currently, but am confident the devs will find a happy medium somewhere).I would say the best part of the game is the sound, it is extremely immersive. You can hear the wilderness, everything just sounds great. All of the mobs have distinct sounds, deer wander through the forest making huge ruckuses. You will probably not hear wolves until it is too late, and the howl of the plagued wolf before it pounces will literally send a shiver down my spine.There are a few issues, mainly not having floors in buildings so you need to find very flat land to build and the mobs not interacting with each other in any meaningful way.Obviously the game is still Early Access, and you have to be prepared for some bugs, but the game is in a very playable state and looks to be a great foundation to build a truly epic game."
,Recommended,307880,19039544,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Mr. Nefarius,Interesting concept of 'open' world adventures...
,Recommended,307880,25517255,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Xeno,"The game is pretty good, they do update everyweek and the community is pretty good, the majority of people that make bad reviews are those who die a lot and then complain because the end game wasn't handed to them.You can really play this game however you want but the most efficent method would probably be to grind out some resources a bit and craft up some good armor and then use good tactics vs AI so your not constantly scavaging for food and bandages.And in all honestly for $15 dollars this game can easily occupy your time and make the money you spent worth it, they defintly have some big updates coming in for magic & pets (though don't quote me on that because it is ea but there is a lot of talk about it on forums and on their streams so good chances) as well as a big part of lore coming in. I have bought copies for my friends and we come back to it every now and then as it develops to see more content and end game creatures to kill and loot and then to see what lore has popped up.9/10 Good Game but like anything can always use more improvements ;)"
76561198010177451,Not Recommended,307880,31443131,Posted: 29 April,all,dessnr,"Don't bother.  They've abandoned the game.  How Steam gets away with allowing developers to do this, I will never understand.  There has to be a law against this.  It's theft.  When I buy a car, I expect to have a car with 4 doors, or at least a car that is able to later be equipped with 4 doors, should it not have any from the start.This will be an issue for the Gaming Corner.  Will drop a link once it's recorded.  We do have lawyers that listen to the broadcasts so it will be interesting to see what messages we get after the show."
,Not Recommended,307880,32636635,Posted: 22 June,all,Prophet_Of_Logik,"When I bought the game over a year ago, there were monthly updates that added content, not just hot fixes. However, there has been nothing by way of actual content for months. The systems in place already do provide some playtime, but honestly I find myself asking "" Why play this when I could play'insert game here' instead?"". The devs went about some common things such as mining in a somewhat unique way, and having to farm mobs for drops is interesting I suppose. However, the combat system is nothing but repetative crap. Fighting larger mobs such as tree golems and the dragon is frustrating because you don't have much in the way of killing them (let alone standing a bloody chance) unless you literally farm every top tier ore on the entire island, then afk for a few hours because the respawn timer is buggered, and repeat. Do this for about a week and you can finally make a decent of armor, to kill a tree golem, and not get any of the drops you were hoping for. Hop down a small ledge and get stuck in a rock? Say good bye to everything you had on you, in most cases. The last island where the dragon lives is just bs as well. Littered with mobs that will 3 hit a person in silver armor, and that's just 1v1, most of the mobs stick in packs of 4-5 tighly, so you can't really pull one. Even if you manage to, and kill it, the time and effort isn't worth the repair costs. On top of all that, there's so much that doesn't fit, doesn't make sense. Along with largely unfinished content/balance issues/ spawns being ♥♥♥♥ed/etc.TLDR: ♥♥♥♥ this game. Devs have done nothing with it in months, on top of making empty promises of ""content"" and asking us owners to stick with it.If you're going to make a game and open it up to EA on steam, don't be a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and abandon it, regardless of what happens. Life happens, get the ♥♥♥♥ over it. A person couldn't use the same excuse at a regular 9-5 job, and game devs nowadays have it easy.  I'd just as soon have steam remove my copy from my account, without a refund, just be rid of this garbage."
76561198009980021,Not Recommended,307880,33937482,Posted: 31 July,all,crypto,Boring unfinished game. Really thought the developers would complete more. Wish I could get my money back. Steam should stop selling this.
,Recommended,307880,18897590,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,DC,"This is the first game that I have played so far that has caused me to actually be wary of nightfall.This has a Dark Souls-esque feel to it in that it is not easy to progress, but each little milestone makes it worthwhile. It can be a little systematic in that you gather, build, gather, build, wait for night to finish, then repeat in the beginning stages of the game (I'm still there now), but that dragon likes to remind me that I'll have to get a little more adventurous when I'm better equipped.On the very first night, I was attacked by a canine (still trying to figure out what kind of mob it was) and killed. That was a wake-up call, if there ever was one. Be careful; pay attention to the different sounds you hear. But, I'm a fan of this, just for that fact. To be honest, the beginning in this game is a lot harder than the beginning of Dark Souls.I might be too early in the game to actually tell, but from what I see, the most there is for weather is snow and clear skies. I think it would be nice to have other conditions, such as rain and thunderstorms. Maybe even add different seasons into the game, with each season having signature weather?All in all, I'm a fan of the game so far, and I'm only a few hours into it."
76561198067149768,Recommended,307880,19319782,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Huthranvor,Not too bad so far for a game not done. Could include a lot large landmass to play on.
,Recommended,307880,18433359,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Thebalrog6,"Even though this game is still in the alpha stages, it has a LOT of potential to be a great game. I do recommend it, but don't expect a whole lot. Keep an eye on this game, because it could be the best Skyrim survival game ever."
76561198044367889,Recommended,307880,18466418,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Valorborn,"Alright, I'd like to point out that at this time I see a lot of Good Reviews... Not so many bad. Which tells me that this game seems to be going in the right direction while being Early Access! I like to see that with games like this, it makes me feel welcomed to the game I bought in a warm way. But, this is because the game at the moment is beautiful, challenging, and being worked on very well by the Dev's. When I look at the bad reviews ( a minority as of October 14, 2015 for now ) I read, one mentions about the game being ""too unforgiving"". Then there's another partly about how there is... Well apparently ""nothing to do"", let me tell you what I think of this game.I think this game obviously needs work... That sums it up....Okay, that sounds bad so let me specify a little more. It would seem the game needs more optimization/fixes with being able to play it seeing the increasing choppy like lag as you continue to play the game. The Dev's do work on that, so I'm not complaining ( I remember when it was worse ). I mean I can play full graphics on ""The Crew"", or ""Wolfenstein: The New Order"" perfectly fine... This game I can't. Trust me it works perfectly well, until the game starts getting choppy, and increasingly gets more choppy until i believe I just crashed ||  -.-  ||. Then I see more movement and notice that the game just fixed itself (I guess? I don't know all to much to begin with so whatever e,,o) just to have another **** fit and not fix itself. But atleast it didn't crash because I can still get to the menu and either restart the game or it'll be good from there!Then there is the fact that I could say you go hungry pretty fast, and unlike with the cold you can't use something (like drugs, maybe?) to reduce the rate to help you from getting hungry as fast as you do. In fact I remember a game where if you chose to eat a watermelon over beef, you would get hungry again no matter what you do; BUT YOU WILL GET HUNGRIER AT A FASTER RATE!! Where as eating the beef would reduce that rate in great comparison, which game was that again?? Ah, that's right Minecraft... I think that maybe a good idea to implement into the game, because even in real life you'd only get hungry quickly if | 1.) You do daily work or more by working out them muscles | 2.) Eat something that won't offer you as much energy as compared to something that will |. Great suggestions don't you think? I do...Also, seeing how there is what you would call *MAGIC* in this game, or rather on ""The Sundered Isle"" I would believe it to be more fun to implement magical spells, buffs ( w/e else I may be missing -> YOU GUYS CAN FILL IN THE BLANKS - I'm tired anyways <- ) to use instead of always relying on sword/club/hammer/hatchet/axe/bow & arrows/weapon/tool/fists all the time. I see you can forge magic onto weapons, and there is a description on the Soul Storm weapon that tells you there was a... Well I don't know the description exactly from the top of my head, and I'm too lazy to go look; anyways it mentions a spell or magic being placed on it, or around it to keep it basically away from Kur (the Dragon). So magic can be used without a specific weapon (besides your fists I guess), I'd really like to see if these Dev's decide to go ahead and add this; - AND HEY - I read up some reviews ( a multiple case of them in fact ) that mentioned about how this game reminded them of Rust and ->|| *Skyrim* ||<- HELLOOOOOOOO!! iCAN'T wAiT To ZaP LiGhTNinG FrOm My HaNDs/FisTS!! Another GREAT SUGGESTION, YEAH?? By the way if it was mentioned they'd do this with the game, I didn't know... Take it out on someone else I'm innocent, I swear it!!Finally, there is another thing I'd like to point out. It's that the game gets boring after playing it a bit, once you actually start getting into it. This is when you start getting into it, mind you! I'm basically saying that once you learn how to start crafting, you're done... Game over, YOU WIN!! But... Wait, what? There are no but(s)? -- I heard a butt from somewhere!!  No, seriously though once you get into crafting, and you start gathering all that you'll need to make this/that.. you'll eventually make it, realize that you can now easily do all the things you couldn't so easily do then in comparison and maintain yourself at that condition. After you advance even further you'll be at the point where making anything and everything is maybe going to take some time, but is very much now within your reach of just inches! So now, what? You make them and that was all that there was left to do... Oh wait but there is one more thing! You can make a Village for yourself!! So you make that too I guess while you're at it since you have nothing else to do at this point... and because of what you've obtained, it's almost too easy. No longer ""Too Unforgiving"". But since there is really no creativity that you could apply for more of a flashy or luxurious look to your village/homes - you finish it and that's about it. Then there's that fact where if you make one on a server, make sure it's your own because if you do so make one on a server that's not your own... Well, servers go down, and sometimes don't come back up.(Continuing from last paragraph) So I'd suggest maybe allowing for actual villages to hold actual villagers that weren't killed and magically risen from the dead via Kur (the Dragon). What would be more interesting is being able to trade with them or something... I don't know, get more of a made culture into the game somehow! Otherwise it would be a form of real life as a living hell for a game I think. So let's say maybe after you defeat Kur, you can find these ""villagers"" that were hiding away never to be seen until that is after Kur(this Dragons) demise... Interact with them, trade as I mentioned earlier, fight, maybe acquire *quests* from these villagers (being children & adults)(add children so players feel less inclined to slaughter everyone, because they can). Possibly after a certain amount of quests, or right after you pretty much defeat the main boss... Place another somewhere (another dragon or other worldly being/creature/monster), open up an arena for sport over a set of mobs or even pvp! Maybe even gamble over who can win from the stands like how you could in ""Elder Scrolls : Oblivion"", and the fighters get some sort of payment! this game is still Early Access; and Dev's I think you have all the time in the world to truly make this game amazing beyond the expectations of any the members of the steam community like myself!Well I think I've metioned what I have thought about the game so far, and have told you all of the things I think would need work with, and all the things I would like to see implemented in this game! Anyhow I'm going to recommend it because knowing what I typed for my review of this game, I feel like it's all going to happen. So yeah, what if I'm a little.. Too cocky? In the idea that these Dev's will finish this game way beyond what I would've expected it to be and what I thought it could be! I don't know what I could say to help that, but I can tell you that I'm surely not that kind of person (wink). Rather, I'm someone who can and will feel confident in their ability to do that since they're doing such an extraordinary job at keeping with their community of players by helping them with their issues with their game; and applying more content into it! Oh, and Savage Lands Dev's - Rock this game out of the park into another UNIVERSE!! 8D"
,Not Recommended,307880,33642629,Posted: 18 July,all,Donald Trump,ABANDONED.  I want my money back.  It is assumed when you buy a game that it will be a finished product.  This is not the case.  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.
76561197970076081,Recommended,307880,14823988,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Hyperhyper,I like the game but I find the cycle of killing animals to get sinew and food so I can eat and make axes / hammers to cut down trees  and smash rocks so I can make axes to hunt and fires to stay warm and eat a bit too too cyclical.  Yeah runon sentence but that was the point.  It feels that way in game.I realize it's still alpha but there are not enough landmarks or interesting things to see yet.  This has a lot of potential though.  I will come back in a few weeks to see what has happened.
76561198068095429,Recommended,307880,19849609,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Dreadstone,"Great game, unlike many survival its hungry and cold factors are REAL and the combat mechanics arent just swing and win which is great, not to mention you dont build a city over night, it takes a few hours."
76561198189129850,Recommended,307880,19877773,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,サシャ Sashiya,nice game but pleas make the performance better
,Recommended,307880,19878312,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,KUKU BWUAH,very good game but pls improve the performance
,Recommended,307880,19946936,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,(GEaRS) www.thompson,i absolutely love this game the SUPER EASY server making to the good amount of enemys to the shear fear the isolation gives you but there are some ideas i want to give make it to were there are villagers in the village or survivers after the dragon attacked like skyrim to help with the isolation and there should be a system of blocking and also making a sheild also a system of taking souls from monsters and being able to enhance you or your equipment like a wolf to enhance speed the boar to add a ability to charge at enimies and hit them with the sheild the bear would be shear attack and defense and the plague versions would enhance even more on the original the dragon would be controlling fire completely like summining it and another idea allow us to make farms and add magic like frost manipulation a little bit but you would need a spell book and also make it to where you could enchant weapons like minecraft
76561198255236387,Recommended,307880,19751042,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,smokedbacon,"So far awesome game..but it glitched out. Early of coarse. Have one issue, still trying to figure out the lowest graphics..I have the 4gm ram..9600geforce 258mb vid card..2.6ghz dual core..but still having issues.This game is gonna be awesome..i get a sence of rush and skyrim and a little of mincraft from the game.Just need one question answered are the lowest graphics..Fantastic or are they Fastest ???And why my simple comp wont run it well if im over the mark for it..maybe the ram or vid car not high enough???Would i recommend this game to anyone...OH HELL YES..20 out of 10."
76561198266011713,Recommended,307880,19748018,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,kenntrall13,This is one of the best ever games i have ever played. You cant call yourself a survival game lover without having this game
,Not Recommended,307880,33410046,Posted: 9 July,all,Mr. Stimpson,"Reviews aren't just for the gameplay. Reviews are also for the development process. Especially with EA games.Development has been paused for a while now and there's no confirmed date as to when the developers will devote their time to finishing Savage Lands. And when they do start back up, they may take another break in development without informing their investors/playerbase.It's unacceptable to take peoples money, then pause development (for work on another project) when they state this in their EA description...""We will constantly be developing, fixing and enhancing the game throughout its time in Early Access as we move towards Release.""and...""Our development team is very active on the Community forums; engaging with fellow Savages daily, taking in their feedback and addressing issueson a regular update cadence.""Yes, they've fell back on the EA clause stated on each EA page...""Note: This Early Access game is not complete and may or may not change further. If you are not excited to play this game in its current state, then you should wait to see if the game progresses further in development.""But when you've stated the things quoted in their original mission statement, I believe it's a missuse of the EA system to say you'll do one thing, take peoples money, then do something else.Don't purchase this game till you've researched the situation yourself."
,Not Recommended,307880,31494851,Posted: 1 May,all,Hachiroku,Stop buying early access altogether. Please.
76561198059949617,Recommended,307880,15893810,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,xNEOxSpyglass,I love this game as a whole and can't wait to see the progression of the game. I saw it just digging through the store and saw it and bought the 4 pack and sent it to friends and sat and played 4 hours straight and can't wait to play more. Happily Waiting to see what's in store for Savage Lands.
,Recommended,307880,14758211,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,TheGoliath,"After playing this game a lot more, I can tell that the quality of this game is great for an early access game!The survival is real, the feel of the creatures etc is great and you can get used to solo pretty easy, but doesn't mean to say it won't be a hard journey.There are still a few things to be done on it which they look set to work on due to already having the first update. I recommend this game is you love survival/medieval/fantasy style and all that.9/10"
,Recommended,307880,19099296,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,edemardil,"I don't know whether to recommend this or not. I got it to play with friends, which it accomplishes, but other than that it's just a extremely hard to keep up with survival game that erases everything you build or work for when you log off (Of course it is in early access)You almost cannot do anything as you go hungry or cold within a few minutes of exploring. Like You eat, leave the fire to find more food and are starving and almost frozen within 5 minutes or so. I did not like that part.I hope they put some sort of goal or missions maybe in the final and maybe some more stuff to do. Otherwise it is like a realistic minecraft."
76561198001948307,Recommended,307880,20693293,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,IstouFIN,"veri trynjk , better than dayz ever"
76561197971493561,Not Recommended,307880,32631135,Posted: 21 June,all,GearofWar,"Do not buy this, unfinished and won't be finished."
,Recommended,307880,18876263,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,I'Cie,"ONE WORD "" AWESOME ""-BUY THE FREAKING GAME. TELL IT TO YOUR FRIENDS. HOST A GAME. PLAY AS CO-OP . AND BAM , ENJOY!!"
76561198064934048,Recommended,307880,15424012,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,ginglyjoe,great game but needs a repair system to repair your armor instead of having to remake a new one
,Recommended,307880,18596331,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Micky,ye
76561198035791440,Recommended,307880,17389439,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Danmagnamius,"This game is brilliant, I do hope they introduce Xbox controller support though."
76561197986383350,Recommended,307880,16008635,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Eriom,"Good game,"
76561198028504287,Recommended,307880,22560984,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Jase00,"For being in progress, it is an amazing game. Compared to most 59.99$ games it is above par."
,Not Recommended,307880,33119035,Posted: 2 July,all,Arch Mage,Glad I got a refund.
76561198054309757,Not Recommended,307880,24313504,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,ian.silver67,"I played most of my in-game hours in mid-2015, it seemed bare bones and awkward then, but had (has) potential. It's still EA - so it will probably improve. Come late 2016...still clunky interface, twitchy mouse etc....but easy fixes, however easy fixes that still haven't been fixed. The world itself though feels somehow contrived and fake, graphics are ok but not mind blowing. Wildlife list is excruciatingly slowly expanding but still very limited.Having returned to the game after 12+ months away I was standing on beach near spawn point, took literally 10 seconds to look at the interface book thing to see what I can do and was killed by a boar before I could craft anything or see what was even possible to do. Respawn, same spot, open menu to see if I can find what is needed to craft a weapon - killed by a wolf or something under 20 seconds from spawn time. Respawn, decide trying to understand what the hell I can do or make is a fatal error at this point so I walk along beach following a couple of markers to a burned out ruined building 200 metres away when the game's resident dragon comes along before I even made a sweep around the remains of one building.......closed game and went back to ARK which has been on EA for half the time, is much more graphically appealing (not sure if ARK has more content as I still don't know what was in my mysterious SL book) and gives the noob on the beach at least a couple of minutes to discover his/her character and a few capabilities.Long and the short of it.....don't p**s off your customers as soon as they walk in the door."
76561198057777223,Recommended,307880,15783136,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Ysir,Can't wait for it to be complete.
,Recommended,307880,15747557,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,HairyPinkPubes,AWESOME game i luv it. i did not know what to do at first so i quit the game but i came back the next day and found a village and dragon tower! 8/10
76561198108920110,Recommended,307880,21832390,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Brother Charles,movement clunky and overall fighting is...eh..but it has good intentions and lives up to its survival dark age theme
76561198007619980,Recommended,307880,16010523,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Legion,"Bloody good game, love every aspect of it... never gets boring, get game that has a great start to it, cant wait for future updates!"
,Not Recommended,307880,23083437,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Cursethedawn,I don't know what happened to this game.  I really liked it before then they did a big update so I tried it again to see what was new and everything seems screwed.  The AI is incredibly stupid campared to before.  Player movement is now clunky and the crafting system is obscure.  Previously I had a huge secure village created but I've tried several times and just can't get beyond the changes.  I'm done with this title.
76561198028003378,Not Recommended,307880,32854461,Posted: 27 June,all,CaptainCucumber,abandonware
76561198009421736,Not Recommended,307880,26152364,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,mbondr1,"Difficult and frustrating, the goals and targets in the game are constantly being moved. It's like the game designers are building it just for themselves, a private club. You die - a lot - for no other reason than bad luck. And there are so many chances that you have to take. You can't save a game and to die, even if you've cached stuff, is to lose everything. So you end up playing conservatively. You don't take risks, so exploration is in a way discouraged. I suppose if you keep at it you'll get somewhere. There are a lot of smug players in forums to seem to feel that way, but I found it to be all so frustrating that I didn't keep at it. The highest I ever got was to build a smithy, then they regened the game and deleted my character and I had to start all over again."
76561198127880033,Recommended,307880,21779817,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,jonahwilliams70,"Start up is a little hard, expecially if you die. Overall a fun game with friends with fun crafting and difficult battles."
76561198195128814,Not Recommended,307880,31206223,Posted: 17 April,all,Steelia,Hardly any content for two years. Never added in female characters. Save your money!
76561197990294841,Not Recommended,307880,29649053,Posted: 2 February,all,b8amack,The last time I purchase an early-access game.
76561198009961080,Recommended,307880,14767381,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,FruitSmoothy,Im sure its great but dont get it if you have a mediocre graphics card. I can prmise you cant swing it.
,Recommended,307880,15991024,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,yochaigal,"Here's you know know if you'll like this game:Do you enjoy crafting, but not that much?Do you enjoy exploring, but having your discoveries not feel entirely random?Do you like the aspects of Don't Starve that make it really, really hard?Do you enjoy the bits of minecraft that make you feel like an adventurer?Do you love frequent, timely updates, with excellent cross-platform support (Linux!)?If you answered yes to most of those, BUY THIS GAME."
76561198003694300,Recommended,307880,15683646,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Mick,"Wow, I like the attention to realism with regrds to how exposure to cold weather at night and water can kill unless you have a fire. It's tough game, but I manged to build warm cabin, and a smithy, and display some war trophies. I also made it to the abadoned village. I like how berries would be randomly provided affter foraging specific types of flora.Would be cool, I they might allow you to use fallen brances and stck sinstead of having to always chop down trees for those yourself.The need for tools to go foraging seems abit limiting.Would be cool to see onther animals,  Other than Wolves (Some of them deseased....) bears, elk, fauns. skellies and that unapproachable dragon.Oterwise, this is great introduction to the survial game niche  with regards to Fantacy.I ws plying Skyrim today and think ing how it would do well to have the very same survial allmetn includied to give it more challenge."
,Not Recommended,307880,34149784,Posted: 10 August,all,Jabber,"Forgot I ever bought this game, stumbled upon it and checked the development... it's been stuck in early access for years and now ""on pause"", so yeah, don't expect this to ever get finished."
,Not Recommended,307880,14887758,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,LegoDruid,"Tremendous promise here, but not much to see yet. You have far too little control over your success / failure. You will die a lot. Dying often in survival games is usual and customary; the problem here is that long stretches of accomplishing and learning next to nothing are punctuated by the relentless death / respawn cycle. Soon enough, you're going to find yourself looking at the clock, wondering why there's so little happening.Navigation is virtually impossible. If you start on the beach and cannot fix your position within a minute or two: give up. Leave whatever bits you've found lying in a pile on the beach and then walk directly into the icy surf to drown yourself. On the subsequent respawn, try again. Exploring new stretches of beach is pointless. You will usually spend the entire time it takes to die of exposure, walking down barren stretches of sand without finding _any_ supplies or crafting materials.Armour doesn't last nearly as long as it takes to collect the materials to craft it. You will spend most of your time sporting a ragged loincloth and worn flint axe, running away from wolves. Fun for a bit! Really. But it doesn't get better.Most combat triggers a bleeding condition, but there's no cloth to be found to craft bandages. Your avatar will simply stand there and watch himself bleed until he falls over, dead.Gathering materials for crafting: forests without sticks, boulder fields without stones, plains without edible plants.Most crafting recipes require a forge ... and you can't make a forge. But! There's a forge in the first town: Argo. However, you'll need post-introductory gear (read: crafted with non-trivial materials and a forge) or tremendous luck to survive long enough to find Argo. A vicious chicken-and-egg joke, shot through with the soon-to-be-all-too-familiar pointless death / respawn cycle.</sigh.>I'll be back. Again: tremendous promise here, but it's just not ready. Even for the players that are willing to endure much to support and explore indie survival games."
,Recommended,307880,14847139,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Object,"Skyrim meets Darks Souls meets Don't Starve.  One of the main reasons why this game is getting bad reviews right now is people can't handle the steep learning curve.  This game is made to be difficult and being so early in development isn't making the difficulty any easier.  So if you buy this game, expect a challenge.Now with all that in mind this game is still very early access so there are things that really don't make any sense like the deersharks and the fact that you can't craft forges, but these are all things that they already plan on fixing.  If you decide to buy this game expect issues, expect to be annoyed at the quirks, but also be pleasantly surprised at the amount of regular developer feedback.If Signal and Digital DNA Games keeps up this level of feedback (weekly streams and Q&A's) and development continues at roughly the same pace as it's been up to now this will be a very solid title.  With Digital DNA's history on Xbox, the fact that they continued development on games like Castleminer and Castleminer Z for years after they were released and even going so far as to try to bring CMZ to the PC I have full confidence that this title will get just as much dedication."
76561198071357492,Not Recommended,307880,26167956,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,WOLF,"PC SPECS:Cpu: 3.7GhzGpu:r9 380 1050Mhz 8Gddr5RAM: 16GB DDR3 1.6GhzOkgraphics:colors are washed out. runescape has more charm in it's simplistic form.Performance/smooth gameplay:chopping/clipping it feels like you are lagging even in single player.multi-player performance:laggs often.gameplay:the only insitive you have to get more resources is to get to the next section of the realm. while remaining hopeful the game has more to offer when it doesn't.grab these things assemble these things to live in this realm to do the same thing again.bosses are easy just requires a good rock to stand on because the path-finding system is so generic and static.worst early access game i've played yet.1 being its not even a game. 10 being i'll never put it down, the dream game.2.5/10.0"
,Recommended,307880,29207146,Posted: 12 January,all,Aric The Mad Doktor,"When the game first released, I would of been pretty iffy about recommending it, but its in a pretty good place now, and if it gets finished it'll be a pretty awesome survival game, landscapes kinda has a dark souls/skyrim feel, monsters are kinda of the same, game defintly needs some fine tuning, but has come a long way from the first day it was in early access, could maybe use a few more single player elements."
76561197966105913,Not Recommended,307880,14830585,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Revixy,"Savage Lands, very savage indeed and very doll.If you are to enjoy this title, play it with friends as it is. Otherwise, don't bother."
,Recommended,307880,24691958,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Malignity,"I'll be honest with you. I haven't played this game very long at all but I do like this game and anybody who says they are getting spawnkilled by the dragon or it takes too long to cut trees or mine rocks must be quite stupid or have problems with the game. I manage to cut down a tree in ten seconds and mine rocks in thirty seconds. That is not long and the dragon doesn't even spawnkill you, a great tip would be to not go near the damn dragon tower where he swoops down and burns you alive."
,Not Recommended,307880,14787568,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,TheHowToGamer,"Do you like jumpy gameplay, and poor ui? Insainely loud noises for the most minor actions (ie opening the menu)?This is the game for you.I understand it's early access but the trailer is very misleading. VERY MISLEADING. You know that awesome dragon? You can't actually get to it. And even if you could, walking feels like a chore with massive framerate drops.There are no dedicated multiplayer servers, the combat is boring, and there is no back story.The game has potential, but I'd wait to see if it lives up to it, as it needs A LOT of work. And at the current price it is not worth the risk./channel/UC8lVVHl_HfOVLP4aedQXQxg is where I review Steam games, especially during sales, to let you know if they're worth the price."
76561198057566481,Not Recommended,307880,25673851,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Croak90,"Came back to this after almost a year's time. 2 out of 3 attempts to start the game resulted in hard crashes. Their ""try these first"" list for dealing with crashes on the forums is longer than the game's tutorial. No offense devs but I'm not going to do your job for you when I'm the one that paid for the game."
76561198000426002,Not Recommended,307880,23180484,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Hrel,"Neat concept, has a lot of potential. But right now you spend WAY too much time gathering resources just to refill your bon fire. They need to speed the rate of advancement, dramatically.Once I start a bon fire, I should NEVER have to refill it. Who cares how realistic that is, this is a video game, for fun. It's not supposed to be work.You can't use your shelter, not sure what good it is when you can't even use it. Granted, I only built the bottom tier shelter as a hut was too difficult to get resources for. Not enough time in the day, literally.Has a long way to go yet, for instance mining things like wood shouldn't take so long. Just becomes a drag."
,Recommended,307880,25315947,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Lukas,good potential.
76561198015844163,Recommended,307880,20792187,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Perse42,"Okay, I have not even start to play thegame yet and I am disappointed. NO FEMALE MODELS? WTF? This is 2016! But I will continue on. But you should know that Women gamers are a thing! Jeez. Though it looks promising enough. I will give it that chance."
76561198025994109,Recommended,307880,22895941,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Collimation,"Savage Lands is a work in progress, but it is worth your support.  You start play naked and alone on a hostile shore.  Your health declines due to the cold, and you need to eat to maintain stamina so you can run.  When you start out, the learning curve is steep and it takes a while before you get the hang of things, so you die, respawn and go and retreive your lost gear and try try again.  The game is unforgiving, and that is the charm of it.  If it were easy you would get bored of it very quickly.  To the Devs credit they are responsive and hands on and release changes ever week or two in my experience.  This is not Skyrim, it is its own beast, but frankly it has things that Skyrim would have benefitted from such as there being a point to eating and staying warm.  By the time this game is finished I think it will be pretty excellent."
76561198294283225,Recommended,307880,22203551,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bear,Savage Lands Is is a great starter game for steam users.
76561198090044828,Recommended,307880,22074471,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,slayer1019,Fantastic.
76561198095340078,Recommended,307880,21947322,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,dandolfi,"it's a game with loads of potential, tough it still has a long way to get you can definetly have fun with your friends while playing this. it also has a great dev team that puts a lot of efford into updating and fixing glitches,"
76561198012770017,Recommended,307880,20166520,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,brianluk1994,"Skyrim with survival and building, addicting"
,Recommended,307880,17435070,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,ANGERY BEEPING,"I havent played this game too long but I can say it is worth a buy.There are consant updates, the developers work with community and even the state that the game is in right now is really worth the money."
,Recommended,307880,17459870,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Renvenar,"After nearly getting grilled by the dragon, I decided to call it a draw and concentrate on hunting bears.Then I got surprise-shagged by a bear for killing two of his pals.Respawned on the other side of the island in a shack in a very hostile area, got ambushed by 3 packs of wolves.Respawned again and got grilled by the dragon.Respawned and made it really far, then a pack of wolves jumped out of the bushes and decided to cuddle with me.10/10, would respawn again.(Tip: Place the pike in your house on the shore. Really.)Now, to ze serious part;• I like the inventory, it's organized nicely and for the most part it's also responding well• It's great that you're right away from the beginning thrown into having to survive with nothing at your hands, exept the stuff you find.• I'm glad this is in 1st-person. You're sneaking around in the forest and you have to look left and right; stop walking and listen to the sounds, trying to figure out if it comes closer and from which direction.It makes the anxiety about being alone in this hostile environment much more atmospheric and cooler.Some random ideas;• Crafting a map from leather hides for example, that you can draw on (No auto-map).• Deconstructing weapons/tools/equipment that you no longer need and getting a few materials back.• What about planting trees and bushes with the berries or the nuts? Would be fun to have a bit of a somewhat constant source for food for now and then.Weird things;• I couldn't stack things in the box that you can craft.If you try to drag one stack to the other one (like 8 stones to 4), it simply drops the one in the chest to the ground. Would be great if that could be changed.• There were a couple of times deers and wolves bugging on trees or bushes (They were rapidly turning from one side to the other, until I approached them so they'd run away).I enjoyed the game a lot so far and am interested in seeing how it will develop until it's ready for release~Defenitely worth a try, if you like that kind of games! Keep in mind though, it's still Early Access."
,Recommended,307880,20696320,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Deathsmiles,Its got that morrowind/ diablo / oblivion feel to it. Rather old school graphics but it has some nice things about the gameplay. Having said that they absolutely need a map and sleeping bag/resurrection thing to be added like now.... I hate not knowing where I am or where I am really going... Drives me nutts lol.... Also there needs to be just one back pack not 6-7 small ones that also eat up inventory slots. needs more creatures to spawn and  monster variants and weapons. After first 5hrs of gameplay killing the regular creatures was easy the really hard ones impossible and collecting and crafting is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Devs need to check out some games like 7 days to die and ark those games are on the right track with inventory/ mods/ and crafting. I like the game want it to progress but with all that I see missing I am not sure this one will ever make it out of beta :/ </3
,Recommended,307880,21228983,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,k1l1ng_mach1ne,"Still pretty basic, but still very good. Enjoyable multiplayer co-op and challenging solo gameplay. Quite deceiving getting 1hit by a forest spirit with the 2nd best armor in game and losing my wolfbane sword. But it's not meant to be easy. It takes way too long to travel to ths other side of the map where you'll have to build everythig again if you want to survive there long enough too.Still recommand it if you have a few friends who want to play with you"
,Recommended,307880,22306060,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Margonite,"So far this has proven to be a very interesting game for me personally. It combines a lot of elements that I like from other games, but the devs still have work to do so maybe if you are on the edge about purchasing then keep your eye on it.If I were to sum up the feel of this game I would say it is very similar to Skyrim while taking a lot of elements from games such as Minecraft and Don't Starve. Essentially its a big sandbox with skyrim like feel and a lot of its own fun elements.Be warned however, right now the game does not seem to be very well optimized so expect frame drops if you aren't running a high end computer.There is no story, but a lot of the landmarks and actually geography is really cool-- stuff you really can't get from randomly generated worlds."
76561198198234513,Recommended,307880,22309270,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,[H/K]Zach_attack22,"I have been having a lot of fun playing for the few hours that I have, I personally think the map is too small. Unless I have no clue how much there is to explore. Seems like there is a couple ""towns"" and then a building that is locked and then the tower where the dragon is at. Overall its a good game."
76561198138691719,Recommended,307880,20110709,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,* Jay *,I have hope for this one. It is a pretty nice game although my character runs a bit weird
,Recommended,307880,20109278,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Skyroar,Great and fun game to play with a few friends
76561198061567391,Not Recommended,307880,31954034,Posted: 25 May,all,Flameking3000,"I really wanted this game to be great as when I purchased the game the devs where constantly pushing out updates like almost weekly with a trello and streaming and communication with the fans, how early access games should be then..they came slower and slower til the devs stated they had to pursue a job that actually paid off and left the game how it is. Which is messed up since I spent like $150+ buying extra copies for friends to help support this game ... then they high-tail it out of there after that put the game on sale for a while even at the humble bundle sale of only $1 for this game at the time with the other games they offered with it I still wouldn't recommend this to anyone just because of this mess..........suddenly depressed"
76561198027105216,Recommended,307880,14944224,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,earthsdestination,"Its good so far, I like that there is no story or map.. You just have to go out and survive which can be daunting at times. Hopefully the devs will keep on this as I would love to see more.. Fingers crossed XX"
,Recommended,307880,16677681,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Royal Miku,"You can Git Gud and Kick Monster Butt , though the kicking part can be boring after 5 hours"
,Recommended,307880,17412259,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,MrSiS,fun game
76561198034072632,Recommended,307880,17277525,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Stonebrew,"Idk.  It's got potential, but is missing aspects that  make it cool."
,Recommended,307880,17399881,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Bull3tPG,i like this game it just needs tweeking but thats beta for you
76561198191187790,Recommended,307880,17400199,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ifred10,THIS GAME IS AWSOME i spent 2 stright hours playing this and i just love it
,Recommended,307880,17426295,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,🔴 TitoBasten | Leegos,"Nice game :D , melakukan hal-hal yang konyol :D hha"
76561198040120476,Recommended,307880,14981384,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,SLEVEN,Me and my dad got this game and we loved it
,Recommended,307880,17399305,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,EGC.RamJam,I saw a Dragon.I had a Hammer.Left it alone.
,Recommended,307880,17435098,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Tippu,Using bandages so you don't starve simulator
76561198117305294,Recommended,307880,17290205,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,MatthewTwin,the game is fun but it would be nice if u added that u can lock doors for people dont barge in and steal ur stuff thx if u added it :)
76561198183705081,Recommended,307880,17406105,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,[Cappo]corythereaper,it ♥♥♥♥ing amazeing
76561198049120497,Recommended,307880,17411031,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,The Dude,"This game reminds me alot of Rust and The Forest, with a cool Skyrim flare. But yet manages to blend them SO PERFECTLY that it really just is its own game. It is in pre-alpha stage, but for that I give props on how already complex and well thought through it is. It is also available for other platforms than PC which is very good. Really worth checking out and I'm sure it will develop and improve SO much. Well done developers. Keep up the good work!!"
76561198199086967,Recommended,307880,17420412,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,krieghund,"i bought this for 7.99 and it is ealsily one of the better survile titles out there. it starts off in much the same manner as ark, on a beach with no cloths or tools, the added challenge here is that you are in a tundra as opposed to a dinosaur filled jungle. the lack of dinos would make this game's enimies easier save for the presence of at least one dragon. overall, if you were to take the story, freindly npcs and overpowered gear in skyrim and replace them with a fairly challenging but still fun survival mechanic, signifigantly stronger enemies, and a crushing sence of lonelyness, you would have a clone of this game.oh yeah and multiplayer...there's that too."
,Recommended,307880,16211880,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Onee-Chan,"My bad tried the game with my friend and found out how fun it is. you could craft and do many things! like minecraft but more scary and kindof like stranded deep, minecraft and skyrim mix its fun to play with freinds and i started to like this game more when i say what my freind made in offline"
,Recommended,307880,17196732,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Lt.Dans_Legs,"Great game! it's just missing some stuff, but it's early access so that's expected. i will really enjoy watching this game grow."
,Recommended,307880,17404554,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,sirwesner,So far so good. I really like that game so far and can't wait to see what this game will turn into when it is finished. Good Work Savage Lands!!
,Recommended,307880,17415460,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Ninjaw,My first experience with Savage Lands:Started a New GamePassed out from exhaustionWoke up and I was dead10/10Would play again
,Recommended,307880,16013319,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Seegras,"Mixed Bag. I'm missing some rather basic things like clothes (why can't I make a warm jacket out of the wolfs pelt?), instead there''s a ton of weird armour. Same with the structures, I can make useless armour stands, but I can't make a fence? or a palisade?Some things are also very cheap, some others extremely expensive: chests or bows. Basically anything that needs sinews, because they're actually rare (a beast should maybe drop half a dozen of those, instead of the maybe one). The option to turn a whole hide into 3 sinews isn't really helping. You'd expect a lot more of them from a whole hide. Speaking of hide, why do I need one for a hammer? and so on. Seems rather unbalanced (and grindy) right now.Engine-wise, and from the look and feel of it, the game feels quite good."
,Not Recommended,307880,32196312,Posted: 5 June,all,oefox,Signal Studios = abandonware
76561197971568859,Not Recommended,307880,32185798,Posted: 4 June,all,C.A.T.A.S.S,"Bought the game in 2 januari 2016 cause i like survival games and this one looked good. (from screenshots and movieclips)But the game was more a mess then a game, with buggy enemies and framerate problems.Fired the game up as the day of writing this : 4 june 2017  and it's sad to see, nothing has changed.More now, i heard the DEVs stopped working on the titel to persue other things.Sad to see this was another milking cow of a game. As with more and more people who support early access, my interestor better yet, my willingness to buy these type of games, has grinded to a halt.Same story for DLC these days.Dear steam, if a game stops in development, pls remove it from your library so nobody get ripped off or put a big red sign at the title saying development has halted.DON'T BUY THIS TITLE !!! or any other game that will come from this developer (signal studios & digital dna games)"
76561198062225355,Not Recommended,307880,32108187,Posted: 1 June,all,Feralhunter,"Abandonware, buyer beware. The devs claim they are taking a hiatus and will continue development at a later date. While they are on hiatus they are developing a mobile game for another publisher.I have other EA games in my library that have taken a hiatus, problem is they are still on hiatus and some have been for years. Devs use hiatus so steam will continue to sell the game, if they said we are not going to continue development of the game it would get pulled from the steam store.The devs should have released an update on the store page telling new costumers they are on hiatus from the game, but they have not done that because they are greedy and hope you buy it without knowing the games is not getting anymore updates anytime soon or I am sorry I mean it's on hiatus."
,Not Recommended,307880,31444493,Posted: 29 April,all,Ol' Been,"I, like most people, had high hopes for this game. Too bad."
,Recommended,307880,14825331,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Feanominal,AMAZING GAME!! only thing i suggest is starter WEAPON!! LIKE AN AXE!! we walk around with nothing and sometimes freeze to death b4 we can even get started... WE need to start with axe
76561198042533637,Recommended,307880,22713965,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,PlantmanFHB,I personally like the graphics in this game. Its all very dreary and lonesome. Makes you feel like your really stranded there. Plus the game has been updated quite a few times and is much different in a better way upon my return from months before. I believe many people own this game and are waiting for it to be golden to return in mass. Sadly the one con i have is the little amount of people on online servers. Because the game can be played in Singleplayer and then that world brought to multiplayer and or that character brought into other multiplayer worlds it is difficult to actually see that amount of players actually on.
76561198131221000,Not Recommended,307880,26574865,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,$aint Lûcifer,"Fail Simulator 2016This game has become so bad, I almost can´t believe it. I startet playing this game roundabout one year ago and testet it for a while. It wasn´t pretty good yet, but considering that it was still under construction, I felt that everything was okay so far. So I paused for about a year and thought I´ll give it a second try now.The experience was just awful. How the heck can they manage to make a game more worse than it was a year ago? That´s awkward. There were so many updates in that time but this game is nothing but a joke. They added several new Items and created a new landscape as well as some new creatures, but on the other hand the game is a desolate compilation of bugs. The movement is awful. The AI is simply not available. And the worst of all: It´s senseless and boring.I mean: there´s nothing really to do. Except harvesting some silly stuff, hunting some animals without AI, and crafting some pretty ordinary equipment. There´s simply no point. No quests, no npc´s, not really an interactive environment, no goals at all. = No long term motivation. = Boring and senseless after a couple of hours.What a pity!"
76561198085564355,Not Recommended,307880,32690246,Posted: 23 June,all,dEmOnFrOmNoWhErE,great game to play with friends before it was abandon and left un-playable.
76561198044949451,Not Recommended,307880,32945880,Posted: 28 June,all,Šima {Cro},"More or less ES : Skyrim copy...just no straight story.Oh, and no update on the game so i waster money here"
76561198015754320,Not Recommended,307880,15582763,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,meep,"This game is actually a fork of ""The Forest"". Same exact game, features, and gameplay, slightly reskinned. No real point to the game, you can build a few basic premade structures which gets old after the first 10 minutes. It has potential, but I definitely would not have bought it if I knew what it was. The advertising makes it seem more in depth."
,Not Recommended,307880,15557856,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Griffior,At this moment I can't recommend this game. There's really just nothing to do.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bjT86vunvYTL:DWRust/Dayz/Any zombie game with a medieval/fantasy twist.
,Recommended,307880,23106795,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,[SH] Rodney503Allen,"i have played this game sinbce it was first released on steam early access, i have gone through a 24 hour live stream with Kittychix, one of the developers (or signal studios staff) and even been able to play with her. i have played through countless updates, (little bits at a time since i had the best gear for the longest time, hence why my playtime for this game is so small) and I can honestly say, this is a fantastic game. there is so much to do to keep you busy for a while, so many weapons, armor, and misc items for you to craft. The beastiary and player journal are great as well. The new lore is A+ and the re-designed UI is great. I highly recommend this game to anyone that is a fan of survival games like DayZ, or even fantasy or hack and slash style games."
,Recommended,307880,23036059,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Mr. Bulldops,"After only 6.6 hours (unfortunately) I haven't even scratched the bottom of this game, so let's review the things I did touch.Survival mechamics,These seem solid, It's a nice mix of keeping things difficult without making it tedious, annoying or restrictive.The game could do with a thirst mechanic but the system in place is perfectly fine.Combat,For it's genre the combat is great, I haven't fiddled around with bows and shields but the two hands mechanic works very well.Since I play the game coop/friendly only I haven't encountered any pvp combat.Multiplayer,Here is where things get interesting, the server hosting mechanic works really well, not requiring port forwarding for me and having near instant connection with friends and strangers alike.Early access,The game is currently in early access it will have bugs (I lost a character once) and it patches about once or twice every month or so, so progress can be lost.However there is a neat little timer showing the time to the next patch, and I have personally never noticed it being wrong.I love the ability to play the game in early access and all the usual 'issues' with early access seem to elude this game.All in all, for me, the game works very well, it's solid, lag free and very light on bugs and issues10/??? I should play some more and see what else the game has to offer."
,Recommended,307880,14844917,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ninjacuddle,"So far this game is fun and sets itself apart from the other survival games with more of a fantasy feel to it. It’s harder and scarier than the rest (wolves -_-)  and that’s awesome. Bugs are easy to find only ANY early access game, one in particular that was annoying was dead creatures still making sounds… but it’s early access so pointing them all out in review is dumb. Max graphics could look better vegetation-wise especially on the trees since they look a little low poly. I hope to see more customization with the buildings and a craftable forge >.< unless I missed something; however, the weapons and armors are awesome! However, crafting certain items is a pain (like the hatchet) but you can still beat down a wolf with your barefists like a true man to get your sinew. This is a good early access game I do hope the dev team continues to update this game. It has a lot of potential… If you’re looking for a perfect game that gives you cookies don’t buy. If you’re looking for a game that’s different, fun, and is a little challenging to the average gamer… get it. Else – try the regular zombie or rust style survival games... GLHF"
,Not Recommended,307880,33367843,Posted: 8 July,all,Blue-armed Bandit,"This is just terrible. I got this game really early on and it ran well. Haven't played since November when it still ran well. Tried playing today (July 8, 2017) to see what has changed and it runs like crap. Despite having my resolution set properly, and high graphics detail and effects, etc. it looks like crap. It performs like crap when in November and before it played perfectly. It's as ugly and slow as when a new version of Rust comes out and they completely redo everything. Not only that but the AI is really bad now. I saw a dragon squatting in the sky without moving and breathing fire at nothing. There also hasn't been an update in 6 months. This is the problem with early access games. The developers can screw up the game and abandon it with no punishment, and the players are screwed because we can't get refunds since it's been so long since we bought the game and/or we have a high play time (which doesn't say much in survival sandbox games because it takes a few hours just to do something).I understand the refund policy when it comes to completed games and games from big developers, and I get that early access stuff is ""unfinished"" but in cases like this where the developers do a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥job and abandon the game players should get at least a partial refund and the developers should be punished."
,Recommended,307880,23028340,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Smiter of thots,Good for boring times.
76561198243997632,Recommended,307880,23032522,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,phelanpyers,I think this game is really good. cant wait till its finished
76561198111748290,Recommended,307880,25120645,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Darth_Lttl,"I would enjoy this game, and it has a lot of potential, but at the moment its just that. Survival is too brutal, with you dying multiple times before you acomplish anything. If u are playing with a friend or two, buy the game, but if u intend to play solo, harbor no illusions, this is not a solo game."
76561198153361261,Recommended,307880,15260043,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,twitch.tv/theredmarkofj_,savage lands is a pritty good game but needs to have some missions and side quest to keep people entertained
76561198174455861,Recommended,307880,15333083,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Dan0HHH,the armor nd weapons degrade a little too quickly i believe it would be more fun if we didnt have to constantly make gear otherwise fantastic game one of the best early access games i have ever played and am excited to see what come out in the future i have high hopes for this game
76561198120430012,Recommended,307880,17388284,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Hyperteli,"Could use an update to just make the game looker better, and run slightly better, but other than that it is an amazing game.could use better graphics 9.5/10"
76561198218571417,Recommended,307880,18892836,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Momboggins (Momo),"very good game, much better than some other early access survival game*COUGH* SEVEN DAYS TO DIE!!*COUGH*"
76561198147429539,Recommended,307880,17388407,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,RastaFroBro,Great game! I recommend!Pros:Cool weapons and armorNeat/scary enemiesDecent crafting systemGood sense of explorationCons:Combat is a bit clunkyGetting resources is very grindy and inconsistentMap is a bit boringThings I'd like to see added to the game:NPCs that you can hire for help or trade withBetter bow mechanics and maybe a crossbow/more powerful bowsMore exciting fighting and more balanced combat instead of hack and slashDifferent islands and climatesOverall great game and looking forward to what they have planned for the future :)
,Recommended,307880,17392318,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Arakna Scaryns,This is one of the most fun survival games I have ever played.9 out of 10; because I can't find the damn monolith.
,Recommended,307880,21381742,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Cloak and Dagger,"Everyone has that one game that makes them wish Steam had a neutral rating, and this one is mine.I love the concept, and when playing it, it was actually quite fun. The issues are primarily in the playerbase, or lack thereof, so I'm going to be recommending this game for that (a negative rating is no way to gain players).Of course, there was one issue with the game itself I had. Progression feels a little bit off. There's a checklist of things you need to do, which is great, really gives you an idea of what you need to do. Of course, it gets kind of annoying when there's camps and towns absolutely EVERYWHERE giving you things you shouldn't have anywhere near as early as you get them. This could easily be fixed by lowerint the spawn rate on them (perhaps even making it some sort of slider when generating a world, to add or decrease difficulty). But with things like this everywhere, it seems pointless to make anything on your own."
76561198218484488,Recommended,307880,22814785,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rob Schwab Random,"An entertaining Survival, Sandbox RPG that's expanding rapidly. Would love to see the implementation of controller support so I can play from my couch. Paid $5 for it during a promotion and haven't regretted it since."
76561198051769890,Recommended,307880,29842038,Posted: 11 February,all,Earl of Buckland,"Its an Okay game, Id give it like a 6/10 overall, mostly cause they say its in Early access and they can still improve it, (even thougfh its been in Early Access for a While :/). It could use a lot of work, and it can be very buggy at times. Hope they get to fixing the problems. For Now, its doing Okay tthough."
76561198039394165,Recommended,307880,29695313,Posted: 4 February,all,Thraviel,"I love this game, it is lots of fun. But i got 8-10 fps. However, it still is fun to play. And i recommand this game. I give it 8/10.The game is fun, however. It is kinda bad bcs of these:-Got no female characters.-Weird Health, Hunger, Stamina, Freezing gui.-Hard to get resources.But! It is fun, mostly because it is such a challange. I like that. If you dont like challanges or Open world survival?Then dont buy it. But it is worth buying it anyway ;3"
,Not Recommended,307880,14862550,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Donkey,"You know how you're worried about all the early access games just releasing wayyy too early, and unsure if it will ever continue development? This game feels like it had 2 months of development, then released.The concept is fun and addictive, like a co-op survival morrowind (not really rust x skyrim)Except, youre on an island with trees and rocks.You can build crap melee weapons, attack seletons and get nothing from them. Attack wolves and deers.Cant really build or make anything much, nothing really to explore.Oh and the bears, oh god the bears.The hitboxes are INSANELY BAD, it looks like an enemy is standing 5 meters infront of you, and then they swing and hit you. The bears...the bears swing at you from 10 meters, and when you walk up to hit them, you automatically collide and push them back even further, whilst they still swing at you.Theres nothing to this game. Extremely rushed cash grab. I hope it turns into a sruvival dungeon crawler one day."
,Recommended,307880,17424121,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Victor Blackthorn,"A well made hybrid game. Easily the best pick if you're looking to combine fantasy with crafting and survival. Developers appear committed to updates, so this is one you should pick up if you're interested."
76561198105516073,Not Recommended,307880,23220852,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Robonator,"Keep reading other reviews if you want to buy this game, since I have played for 50 minutes. There are too many bugs in this game. Or that's what I think. I am not sure but when I bought this, I spawned with a red screen and the screen was upside down. The screen was comletely red and I could only see my inventory and my arms. Has this happened to anyone? I really like this game but I can't play because of this glitch. This hasn't happened to anyone as far as I know so it's probably safe to buy this game but just saying."
,Not Recommended,307880,30282248,Posted: 2 March,all,djnapoleon,Oh this? piece of $hit.
,Not Recommended,307880,31511630,Posted: 2 May,all,Gavin,Devs abandonded game :(
76561198017164284,Not Recommended,307880,30510807,Posted: 14 March,all,Rush,DEAD rest in pieces
,Recommended,307880,16007345,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,xWhaleShark,Seems to be a really solid game for Early Access. Has a lot of potential and its finally a hardcore survival game that doesn't have zombies in it.
76561198268320600,Recommended,307880,20112237,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,thexrodriguez,i PERSONALLY recomment to be able to tame the wolf  so u can fight off bigger creatures  beside having a partnerd by your side having a pet is not a bad idea he will hunt eith you eat  with and he even has  a small inventory to carry stuff for you  PLZ DO CONSIDER THIS AND PUT IT ON THE GAME IF YOU DO THIS U MUST MAKE THE GAME A BIT MORE DEFICULT WHY because u can take from 3 to 6 wolfs making it a wolf pack is not a bad idea fi u think about it plz do read this developers od salve land
,Recommended,307880,16974348,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,{HB} Android D Rex,"So i was freezing cold and I needed to get warm, long story short, a dragon burnt me to death!10/10 would get burnt again."
,Not Recommended,307880,29946826,Posted: 15 February,all,c.a.tt,"It looked so promising at start. Now i regret. By purchasing games like this, i totally lost interest of supporting any early access games anymore. I will come back end edit my review after few months, because i really want this to be polished product."
,Recommended,307880,26624734,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Axiomax,Absolutley amazing game. there are a few glitches but nothing game breaking. the community is extremely nice and helpful. In its current state its ok but it has large amounts of potential. I have 100 HRs recorded on this game and I enjoyed every one of them and I have done every achievment. I have a decent gaming PC that runs this game with no problem. For anyone who says this game is bad they are A: not playing with a friend or B: have a bad PC. Final verdict is 7.5/10. I love this game. And if I could post pictures I would post some awesome Pics of me and some friends taking down the dragon (The Final Boss)
,Not Recommended,307880,30054272,Posted: 20 February,all,🍅,Savage lands needs much work
,Not Recommended,307880,30221237,Posted: 27 February,all,Bingobob,"If they were writing a book, i would tell them to throw it out and start over. The initial idea and game was when it came out decent.They don't really seem to care about fixing the core issues of the game, and even with a newer engine they still have the same problems. Instead of building a decent foundation they try to hide their sloppiness with content."
,Recommended,307880,27967536,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Stalin,good gameplaybest survival midid game
,Recommended,307880,17425306,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,RavenHawk,this is like skyrim & the forest rolled in one. i love this game. it's sooo awesome!
76561198053927856,Not Recommended,307880,30326361,Posted: 4 March,all,Afroman726,Broke broke dead and broke...did i mention broke?
,Recommended,307880,25971809,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Johnny Knows Everything,"first survival game that my first encounter with a survivor was not the end of my miserable life , actually the guy gave me a club and ran. first I thought maybe he wanna troll me or some thing or he was kinda generous, then I saw a big dark shadow coming over me . in that moment I realized I only have a club to defend myself against a dragon .Auschwitz/10 would burn alive again .Rather to be gassed tho XD"
,Recommended,307880,22969979,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,☭BIG BEAR☭,Good Survival Game but still needs work
,Recommended,307880,23511279,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The Chosen Juan,"For starters, this game caught my attention because of the style, and it seemed creative, but it has pros and cons...Pros:- Challenging- Good atmosphere (needs some work tho)- Creative creature designCons:- It requieres a good computer to play it properly- The multiplayer could be improved (Laggy and a little buggy)- It gets repetitive after a while.Suggestions:I would suggest you to add some more multiplayer content, to make the game a different kind of survival, in which you can also build tribes in dedicated servers, make villages, trade routes and so. (And I don't mean to change the game completly, I just want more gameplay content)"
76561198207636116,Recommended,307880,23451629,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,LADY PINKROSE,"Lady Destiny here, and I like this game Savage lands. I like all the cratfing and mining that I am doing. But the only promblem that I have is where do I fine Iron to mine.  So if anyone knows where I can mine Iron please let me know. O and how do I get to other lands on this game aswell.  Thank you"
,Recommended,307880,15180764,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Lady.Anika,I die.... a LOT!! Real life I can survive. In a computer game that's gonna take me a little while to figure out! Still bad@ss game though!!
76561198079405437,Recommended,307880,15225742,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,EMO_ANNIHILATOR,i never new it would be so hard to find 6 stones. 10/10
76561198075673900,Recommended,307880,19835107,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Robofrosty The Fun Police,Is perty gudeEDIT: Is still perty gude
,Recommended,307880,17396841,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Bartok,This game is really just the best. I was super stoked to play because it looked kinda like ark but instead of dinosaurs it is fantasy creatures. I hope to see the game expand more and add extra mobs and area and have like big dedicated servers as well. !0/10 my favorite early access game so far
76561198045300258,Not Recommended,307880,31259051,Posted: 20 April,all,Sir_Griffin,Clunky AF
76561198028757706,Not Recommended,307880,31249615,Posted: 19 April,all,Kraze Insanaty,I ♥♥♥♥ed up in buying this. Back when I got it looked like it would be good boy was I wrong.
,Recommended,307880,17406476,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,JokersWild,"Updating my review since has been out a while now.I don't pound hours like some do, instead the time I do play a game, I like to explore options and see what a game has to offer.This, like many other new titles, is an open world exploration/survival game.  It has come quite a long way since I first bought it on Early Access (to which it still is in) and much content has been added since I first played.  I look at the review and see it is mixed which really has me surprised and I really do not see what most people are complaining about.The game is set on a harsh cold island with about no gear.  You have a starter list of tasks (which you do not have to do).  I see people complaining about no tutorial on how to do the tasks, to which I think some people might need to step outside their house a bit more often as it is not all that complicated.Here are a few pointers for those people:Sticks are either on the ground or from trees (the whole you get wood from trees thing).Rocks are either on the ground of got from other rocks (...)I can understand clay being a wonderment, that is got from rocks, but most of it is kind of self explainitory and most things tell you what you need to make it (being able to read comes in handy here).You can build up your own structures which is very nice, or you can repair MOST (seems like some tower like structures you can not fix, maybe a few others..but that would be nice..might be a later thing).  My only issue with that is that you can not tear things down (at least not that I have seen...maybe if you hit it a few thousand times..) to make room for other structures.I believe there are a few defense like things, not much is really needed that I have seen though.  Eventually, I would like to see something like ""The Forest"" has with roaming groups, BUT as it can take a while to get a good structure up (does take some grinding and a good amount of materials) I am not complaining right off with that.  Maybe about 15-30 days in would be nice to see small roaming groups traveling in random routes.  On that would be nice to have other defenses to make.Last time I played I found some sort of portal that I went through, got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me pretty quick.  It is not too hard to figure patterns on most of the mobs (like MOST games..for those that like to gripe), but in larger numbers, it is still a pain and they hurt.Game performance is good I think.  Might need some basic tune-ups with some things, but I can play for hours without any performance issues, even on higher settings and with the awesome power in my area flickering my graphics card is not what it used to be.So, in summary of things.  Yes...it is another Open World Survival game.  I like it and enjoy playing it.  I have well over 200 games and I try to play my favorites (this is one) at least for a bit each time a new patch comes out (or at least ones with features I am interested in).  This game has had steady patches and steady work done to it.  To those that complain about the speed at which things are being done I say grow up, don't buy early access or make your own game.  The progress they are making is good.  It is nice to see people other than large companies making new titles.  With early access, you can review as things move along and add your input.  Most of the games that I have bought Early Access have added at least 1 or more of my ideas into their builds, so I am happy that they listen to my input.  I give this game a 2 thumbs up.Update  23 April 2017I see a great many haters on here.  While patches are not flying through, they do come and usually comes with a fair amount of updates and/or fixes.  People that cry because it does not meet THEIR expectations should be barred from buying Early Access games.  Period.For me, I have put in a decent amount of time in this, only really played single player so I could focus on what I want to do.  These are my only real complaints:When you build houses after grinding through, they come pretty much fully decorated, would like to decorate on my own style and be able to make some more utility.  Soem is difficult to even put storage in without tripping over.COmbat is still a bit sloppy.  Not complaining about that too much as if I play solo and get swarmed it is a little easier to content with.Still no lag.  No crashes.  Graphics look good.  Would be a good game to build up with friends."
,Recommended,307880,14754366,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,b0ris,"Game def has potential to be an awesome exploration survival game. Good atmosphere and crafting system is nice. Would like to see more ways of storing loot for housing structure. Also would be nice to fill up the housing with beds and pelt rugs and furnaces, etc.It felt really cozy to finally close the door to my shelter at night and listen to the howling wind pass by."
,Recommended,307880,14759263,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,[KUBAS] Deadly_Fudge,"Game with great potential, hopefully the developers dont just give up like what happens with most early access. At the current sale price of 14.99 it is totally worth it and it has multiplayer so i would recommend it for a good time. Survival can get really hard but if you manage to survive the first night i think you will be good."
,Recommended,307880,14784362,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,dahlskebank,"Savage Lands can become a great game if the graphics improve during development. Screenshots look better than the ""Fantastic""-settings in the game... As endless-survival-games go, this has lots of potential. Scenery is nice! :)"
76561197994099197,Not Recommended,307880,31021737,Posted: 8 April,all,Butters,Abandonware....  its only a half warm turd at best...
76561198065056943,Recommended,307880,25125674,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Jimmy Russell,10/10 Would $7.50 Again
,Not Recommended,307880,34511123,Posted: 26 August,all,Revolt,"I really liked this game and thought it would be my new survival go to but I've owned it for over 6 months and the game is really barely changed from the initial release. A couple decent patches and they abandoned. Shame on developers for ruining the idea of early access all across the board, I'll be avoiding this company for shady morals should they ever release a real game. Probably just give up on that too though."
76561198043883441,Not Recommended,307880,26307517,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Essien Jr,"The game itself is not terrible, but the fact of the matter is, its not playable. This game runs so badly and is optimized for nothingless then 747 jumbo-jet. It staggers at 30 fps on low settings, i have gtx 750 ti, so not the greatest card but still should be good enough to play this game but, it is just unplayable. Ive read other reviews saying gtx 1060s and so forth could barley play this game, unless this game is better optimized, this isnt worth your time. Again i dont hate this game, but it just does'nt work lol."
76561198047365814,Not Recommended,307880,29654255,Posted: 2 February,all,DirtyHenry™,"startet so wel, but then it shows  ( as in life )  that some  just dont have the Constitution to work on a projektthanks for dumping my money.  Pi""rates"""
76561198037714549,Not Recommended,307880,26272284,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Malitias,The setting is cool.Their crafting is ok.Their engine sucks.Their combat sucks.
,Not Recommended,307880,26253434,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,VNDL_Kapper,"This game simply doesn't work. Can't even get it to start. When I purchased thought it was my rig, but now years later I've upgraded to 980 TI Hybrid W/ Skylake i7 4.0ghz 32GB RAM, still same issue. Black screen on startup. Don't waste your time, or money here."
,Not Recommended,307880,29449192,Posted: 23 January,all,Warrior Whitten,"Savage Lands, a game where wanna be Ewonks can spawn in your home at night whilst you're going through your inventory (which all three of the chests I made fell through the floor btw), you have to wait unit you freeze to death because you're stuck somewhere (be it a broken path, jumping on some rocks looking for coal or where ever), placement of things you want to out down is ridiculous at times, and loads very slowly on top being absurdly choppy once you finally load even with the graphics on the second best settings and lots of things turned off (though it will eventually get smoother, it tends to get choppy as you're exploring). There's not even a point to the game. Once you have the best weapons and armor and finally kill that obnoxious dragon that won't shut up as you're hunting for animals that seemingly don't respawn, then what?  Nothing, that's what. If anything this game is maybe worth $7 or $8 max. Honestly, just play Skyrim or the elder scrolls online now that there's no subscription and they've made a lot of updates if you really want to craft so bad. At least then you'll have better bows."
,Recommended,307880,18776974,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Falak,Join gameSee dragonDie.10/10Buy the game already.
,Not Recommended,307880,32063590,Posted: 30 May,all,Sithitus,Very trash game wtf
,Not Recommended,307880,31947072,Posted: 25 May,all,niccoli00,This might be cool if it wasn't completely abandoned. Even the website is gone.Why is this still on Steam Valve??
76561198064700280,Not Recommended,307880,32057452,Posted: 30 May,all,mence40,dead
76561198125325158,Not Recommended,307880,29735139,Posted: 5 February,all,Ramyun,"The developers of Savage Lands came into development with an inspiration and an idea of how the game was going to be, and that was clear 8 months ago. Unfortunately, that dream was extinguished when they started listening to negative reviews and changing the game to give it a pitiful storyline and useless monoliths, forgetting completely about the crafting, survival, and optimization of the game. I wanted this game to be like minecraft in the same way that minecraft is simple yet still complex and depthful, but this game has only gotten more horrid as time passed, and more shallow despite having more features. Overall, I would recommend this game if it was more focused on the key elements of the game, which is not what it's focus is on right now."
76561198084612624,Not Recommended,307880,29404106,Posted: 21 January,all,Destu,"I'd like to start off by saying that I really enjoyed this game when I first started playing it for what feels like almost 2 years ago. Now the game is still under development, past its expected release date. The new big island they've been working on apears to be in beta for almost 2 months now, and It almost seems like the game is dying. As of recent I've played 7 Days to Die, which is like 20 times better in comparrisan to this survival game. Crafting is better, construction is better (because its based on a block system instead of premade structures). Survival mode is better.I just want to say that originally I was really looking forward to this game being released but now I'm not so sure. If you want to spend your money on a good survival game, buy 7d2d not this buggy garbage."
,Recommended,307880,16007412,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,zxj4k3xz,"I bought this game for the full $20 and absolutely love it. My favorite survival game even this early in. It's a struggle to survive at first, but with better gear and bags you seriously become a king. They don't force you into PvP like some games, great for me since I hate PvP survival games, but PvP is available. Most players I've met are nice and helpful, and you can easily have stuff to do for 40+ hours, and if you need more, you can make new characters and start over, or just jump into other people's servers and help out. Surprisingly fun just cutting down trees to make a town hall with 3 friends."
,Recommended,307880,18861733,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Angelatic-Birdy,Played it a ton with a friend but then a arrow hit me in the kneeBecause I played up everything there was in the game (Most of it)The reason why I recommend the game is because it was a ton of fun to play itand they are still updating the gameSo buy the game while you can for cheap because it is worth the money!!Also try to dodge arrows shot at the knee!!Birdy Out!! mehehehehe
76561197982113357,Not Recommended,307880,30363843,Posted: 6 March,all,Daynox,"I had high hopes for this ""game"". All for it to be totally abandoned by this so called ""Developer"". Totally broken game, when it actually works. Save your money and your time and DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE!In Fact...dont buy ANYTHING from this so called Developer again...there are plenty of similar games that are better and actually work!"
76561198040454973,Recommended,307880,24382631,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ana Lissë,"Despite the bugs and game crashes, I spend hours having fun. I believe in the future this game will be perfect, each update makes it even more interesting. I think the game could be more challenging, you find resources easily..And there's a dragon to keep you aware, otherwise you die fast (it's cool but sometimes it really annoys because you may stand a few seconds and already die). Also, the nudity is funny xP"
,Not Recommended,307880,31701049,Posted: 12 May,all,UltraWeeb,crappy game didnt enjoy it added it to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game category in my library.... :|
76561198004227620,Recommended,307880,24406520,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Gardien,"Well not a game for 10min casual or whiners.This will be hard.Creatures are tought, but the worst here is not enemies......it's the cold, this horrible weather, freezing you to death.You will need friends, weapons, tools and a shelter.After that you will feel safer...but not for long.Great game, i recomend new players to join experimented players, the community is quite friendly.Stay savage guys !^^Oh and ......be carefull.....there's a dragon^^BTW The game is NOT dead !"
76561198055867017,Not Recommended,307880,14844336,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,prangleyjohn,well my problem with it is I tried to play it on simple graphic and it will not play and my laptop can Skyrim with some mods just fine so what the hell is going on here
76561198277432264,Not Recommended,307880,33642342,Posted: 18 July,all,Nosferatu Zodd,Seems abandoned...
76561198146587215,Recommended,307880,22014645,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Agamenmmon,"Nice change from some of the other survival simulator types, reminds me of TESV Skyrim, so I guess that's why XD"
,Not Recommended,307880,25113614,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Sweetz,"Fun, good concept, it's an early access game on steam...I haven't played this game for very long but it's pretty fun. If you are into the first person terraria type games then go for it but it's an unfinished early access game on steam that might never be finished... I have had no problems running this game and my friend that has a terrible PC can run it just fine so I would say it's decently optimized. This is basically a skyrim mixed with minecraft type of game. It's fun once you get into it but it's only fun with friends. I would say you are better off getting Rust. It's cool that you can make your own server and play either by yourself or with friends. They are updating the game lots more and there is much more to come.Rating: 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,307880,30417953,Posted: 9 March,all,McDiezel,want to blow 15 bucks on some trash?
76561198122505314,Recommended,307880,16460530,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Masked Saiyan,AMAZING GAME 9 out of 10 the reason it is a nine is because one its not completely done two combats a bit boring three you dont sleep and four your hunger goes down really fast i had to eat 5 times a day unlike some survival games but all in all its a really good game
76561198098389641,Recommended,307880,15104328,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Necro-loli-con,"people say this game has potential. my correction is, that it is potential. games like this give me hope for early access. the mechanics are well built, it looks nice, and the devs stick with it.(they also made one of my fav games, castle miner z) give this game a try, its the love child of skyrim and The forest.#earlyaccessdoneright"
,Recommended,307880,14829702,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Vaylgar,"I dont normally do EA anymore since the last few years its become a method of grabbing money from customers and gamers and ripping them off, However I decided I would give this a try after researching it some, and I have to say SO FAR, I am glad I did, and as long as the developers dont stop developing this game has amazing potential and fun!!! one of the best EA survival games to date including better then H1Z1's release and cash grab.I highly recommend this game , it has some bugs yes but WELL WORTH 15 bucks, I got it on sale, and definetly will be worth 25 later.Do remeber its ""pre alpha"" not really ""EA"" unless you mean early Alpha, but the game runs great dispite a few bugs, its very hard yes, which I love , challenging is great, they need to tweak the durability of items so they dont break in one fight, right now the best armor in the game is broken in a single fight with a bear which is a quite hard fight and im glad just need to make your items not break so quickly, makes it almost impossible to keep up and in gear, the game is well worth what they are asking right now. No way to go wrong unless the developers run off and stop developing it.UPDATE 3/11/15The game is very fun, the mobs are amazing thus far, the building as far as the houses and stuff go are all just premade designs nice ones but generic.I see a lot of people complaining they cant get food, stones etc, or hunt becuase they have no weapon, these are all crys from people who are ignorant to the game and dont know how to read if they cant figure it out for themselves, you can in fact kill wolfs, deer with your fists ive done it many times and stones are EVERYWHERE, not to mention there are campsites premade and old ruins everywhere that spawn gear , food and armor.The isnt easy by any means if you are a instant gratifcation type who refuses any work to get somewhere in a game you might want to walk away from this one, its not for the timid or the rage quitters, this game naked is very easy once you figure out how everything works to survive and build up.You drop all of your gear on death, however if you learn quickly how to make respawn totems which are easy enough, you can get your gear back, but die in a unknown area good luck, I lost like 5 bodies when I first started not realizing your first make you are given some starter gear, die and respawn and you are naked.The cold enviornment in this game makes it essential to keep a campfire going or get some really decent armor made which you wont get done right away, so campfires will be your friend, especially at night, the temperature drops drasticly and is a death sentence if you dont have a campfire or at least a house with decent armor, not starter armor."
76561198048114879,Not Recommended,307880,18893399,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Knightmare_,DONT BUY THIS GAME!I bought this game and thought it was fun up until i realized that once any monster/creature attacks you it will never lose aggro it will chase you and kill you until you die even if you go in a house with the door locked! Stupid mechanics like that ruin games.
76561198071904953,Recommended,307880,20060294,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,elfman13,Awesome game.kinda like Rust+The Long Dark+SkyrimLots of harvesting and crafting. Great skyrim-ish atmoshphere.Definitely give this game a try.
76561198054541949,Recommended,307880,24245692,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Larry Thorne,Pause button please!  We need a pause button!  Add the pause button (at least for single player) and the game will be at least twice as good immediately!
76561198022820668,Recommended,307880,24498634,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,haggalais,before people keep saying this game is broken and i die from the dragon every time i spawn just make a god damn wooden sheild it 100 % stops you from dieing every time just block the direction the fire is coming from and turn to keep faceing the dragon he will leave then you can have some time to do something also do not bother trying to live in a village  house you realy have to get off the starter island its♥♥♥♥♥♥you will be screwed over by the dragon over and over if you try to stay any longer that you have to one you get our of there the perches where he sits is outside the draw distence so he cant see you unless your standing in a open feild doing somthing it your  near one of the towers but other than that i can highly recomend this game and to the people who own this game please try the shild then change your reveiw because this game does not deaserve to be called broken you want broken you play star forge reighn of kings those are broken this game has already gone so far when this came out im shure no one expected it to be in beta and a playable one with host your own multiplayer /coop with your saved maps and caractors you have alrady is a nice  so you dont have to start all over becouse your friend want to play after you already got started on your own just select your world and host it no hamachi port bull crap but now im ranting so just give it a try use your sheild and dont think your all mighty because your rocking full tin armor and dual weilding axes i tryed you will be♥♥♥♥♥♥apon with utmost hast on the second island if your not carfull so go there ready to ♥♥♥♥ down a shack the smelter forge cand crafting bech all in one go and never forget the pike of ressorection or you will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥been there done that its no fun to run home with your♥♥♥♥♥♥in the wind cursing yourself for forgetting it
,Recommended,307880,24800703,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Petalreaper,"I played this game a long time ago (year or two?) and have started to play again with a new character in the updated, expanded world.I enjoyed it before, but there was much to expand on and complete still.  I'm really happy to see that it's not been given up on like some other early access games sometimes are.  This game has a lot of promise and has become a blast to explore and build in.I play on my own and with my partner and it's been one adventure after another - trying to survive, trying to build, trying to explore, and hunting new nodes, beasts, and being hunted by even bigger things yet - ""Just wait 'til I get my next gear upgrade, pesky critters!""It's explorational, keeps you on your toes, and challenging without levels while encouraging cautious bravery so that you may conquer that which you've discovered.I didn't take much time to write this review and shall likely update it later, but I just wanted to send good will toward this game as the creators continue working on it to make it what it is meant to be.Safe travels, fellow exiles!"
,Recommended,307880,25104383,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,smokauweeds,"Tough call.I have been enjoying the game. but I hate playing games with others.which this game requires. I was able to push ahead through the first teleporter myself. once on the other side wow. I took a beating...and another...followed by several more.I did get the neighbor kid to play....but hes 10, and well....I took some more beatings. but now  with someone else.I guess i would recommend it on sale. if you like gaming with others. once some more content comes out.6.5\10 for now"
,Not Recommended,307880,34177227,Posted: 11 August,all,Acapella,I just do not like it.
,Not Recommended,307880,33886754,Posted: 29 July,all,causalgamer,"~6month after the last update come the update ""it's on pause and not abandoned"" Looks to me that there is not even enough resources to upate the community in a timely manner. You can wait and you can hope! For me this is a very strong indication that the product will not receive any significant updates anymore, and at best it will be released in an ufinished state. Does anyone know of an example when a paused game was ever finished successfully and satisfactory? I have no hope.I am going to check my review again in a year, just to check if my assumption was correct."
76561197991591636,Not Recommended,307880,35239174,Posted: 27 September,all,RUM-Cajun Rabbit,"A good concept, but poorly handled and developed.now the devs are on ""Hiatus"" because.... reasons.   this game is dead... it will never be finished... Nearly no one plays this anymore... if you can find a server with 3 people on it your doing really good.DO NOT BUY!!    you have been warned."
,Recommended,307880,14754278,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,NeutralPlutoTV,I Rate This M8 10/10Cool GraphicsCool WeaponsCool Enemy AIDragons Are Scary To The Point You♥♥♥♥♥♥YourselfAnimals Are SexyBuilding Mechanics Are Off The ChartsSavage Lands Will Be A Game I Recommend To My Friends
76561198058280682,Not Recommended,307880,32062681,Posted: 30 May,all,syrus mac,"I'd like my money back, I paid for a game in development with the promise that it would be finnished at some point...As the game has been abandoned I think everybody should get their money back, I thought the money was to continue development not support another project.I will never buy anything from these devs again."
,Not Recommended,307880,25171090,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,OldManTimber,"If you have a low end PC, DO NOT BUY! THE LAG WILL KILL YOUR EYEBALLS! If you actually have a good PC, then this game would be awesome to play, but I would have to rate this based on my experience. That's why I made it not recommended."
76561198076757751,Not Recommended,307880,33444995,Posted: 10 July,all,ThatOneKid,I wish I had known I could get a refund a long time ago.
76561198221206396,Recommended,307880,15993934,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Energyspan,so far love it just needs few tweaks here and there
,Recommended,307880,15568949,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,t3rminull,This is the survival game that has kept me coming back over and over. I die... a lot! It may have some flaws but each new patch is full of new features and actual fixes. Not only will I be playing Savage Lands for many months to come but I will also be on the lookout for other games from  Signal Studios /DigitalDNA Games LLC as well.
76561198106088401,Not Recommended,307880,33733161,Posted: 22 July,all,WanderingNomad,so savage it killed itself
,Not Recommended,307880,32117413,Posted: 1 June,all,Galactic Squid,"Can't get a refund, even though I've only played .2 hours. The devs have left this game. It's a crock that Steam allows people to put games on here and sell them for early access that never get finished.Though it's still being worked on, Ark is a good example. When I worked in the gaming industry, if a game was in Alpha for years and still on sale, it would be an embarassment.  Several on here are in alpha for years. That popular independent zombie game (can't remember the name) has been in alpha/beta for like 4 years."
76561198036402814,Not Recommended,307880,30315576,Posted: 4 March,all,LENNON,steam should pay everyone bad for this CRAP
76561198004404059,Recommended,307880,14832532,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Vork,"This game is pure potential.  It has a clean interface, construction is handled well.  Getting started is a little shakey, but that is just how survival is ... shakey at best!  Just be aware that it is still in early development.Also, its in early development and really looks decent."
76561197982391623,Recommended,307880,14840791,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,maduka,its hard in beginning.. then you figure out more and more.. and its still hard :P hehe.but its funny and much to do allready.. looking forward to the updates..at this point i dont like:sound when walking in water..campfire 1 time use only.and i think we should have more health or gain more from eating.good game that i think is gonna get awesome!
,Recommended,307880,16246933,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,The Spacehamster Family,"There are many good reviews for this game. So, all I can say is: Minecraft on crack."
,Recommended,307880,32776204,Posted: 25 June,all,Invalid47,"Ok look, I get it that the devs put this game on hold and everyone is getting all pissy about it. I would be too if I was experiencing the ""unplayableness"" that you guys are experiencing. But think about from the devs pov. It's a 2 year old EA game with diminishing community support. I mean, how could you not be a little turned off by that? You see a game that you've been working on making and getting attention and despite being on the Humble Bundle last year and the weekly fixes and the interaction with the community they still can't get the community to be on their side and support them. I would abandon this project too given this situation you all have put them in.I love this game, It's hilariously broken but still fun to play with my friends. The people that do still play are really nice, there aren't many hackers who troll you and most of them will turn them off if you ask them to (or at least when you're looking ;) ). This game is awesome and I really hope they get back on the horse with it, but if they don't I don't blame them.Sorry if you hate me now but that's my honest opinion (and you can't argue an opinion)."
76561198058016788,Recommended,307880,17342870,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Goblin Slave Master,"-Intense Music-Barren Tundras-Wacky Skellingtons-Deer that sound like chuthulu-Bears-AND OF COURSE, LOTS AND LOTS OF WALKING!!!!!!!Only for true memesters."
76561198130137819,Recommended,307880,14802891,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,-=Crazy*$cots=-,very good game for what it is [early access] u will die many times before u even begin to craft things...the game should give u more spawn stuff to survive....and with new updates every week..this game could be real good...lots off bugs though...buy it if u like rust..but this is on hardcore...u will die loads........
76561198013282611,Not Recommended,307880,20102796,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,dirty dan,"Game is fun for good 10 hours, once u get the best armor & weapons and kill kurr it kinda gets borring."
,Not Recommended,307880,23406376,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,xXx_69Elhyde69_xXx,"I still have faith in this game, it has potential. But the lack of content makes it repetitive and boring. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,307880,29343847,Posted: 18 January,all,Dire,This game runs just as well as Crysis 3 on a Mac.
,Not Recommended,307880,25132063,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,jimbobsherewood01,"I was excited to buy this game, but it was not what I expected, It doesn't tell you how to do anything really, just has a list of objectives."
,Not Recommended,307880,26295693,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Zeerios,First time played. Did stuff like a boss. Then got stuck in crack of fallen fortress wall full o of water in the shore line. Died...Unistalled. Maybe next year.
,Not Recommended,307880,30494717,Posted: 13 March,all,AutoPhill,ew
76561197980337103,Not Recommended,307880,22863921,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Cutterjohn,"NOT recommendedI'm in with the little has changed in this game in quite some time and that they ridiculously spiked the difficulty.  Now higher difficulty isn't necessarily bad however in this game they have done so by burning through resources at an asinine rate.  e.g. even with all the freebies at the start plus a boar kill(the animation slows it up so much that it'll only hit you IF you make a dumb mistake) which drops a single steak(?) misc. apples(farm), and several berries my character couldn't even make it through one day with ALL of that which IMNHO is ridiculous.I own many other survival type games, e.g. ARK, Life is Feudal, Reign of Kings, Nomad, Starmade, Astral Terra etc. and NONE of them are that ridiculous with basic necessities.  Sure some of them are tedious for accomplishing some goalsI HAD been wondering if it was just me but decided to look over recent reviews(I hadn't played in a while and wanted to see the new map) that many others mention it as well which compelled me to write a review rather than just letting it pass."
,Recommended,307880,15555788,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Top Cat,Froze to death on top a rock due to bears.
,Not Recommended,307880,19668489,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Systemic Welfare Race,"This game isn't terrible but it has some serious issues.  It has been like 9 months since the release and i feel that the devs aren't updating frequent enough, not only that but the updates aren't focused on the right aspects of the game.House building is pretty much pointless and it looks buggy as hell even when placed on a tiny incline.  There should be floors and the town hall should atleast have 2 floors considering how big it is.The fighting in this game is fair although finding high quality is a grind from hell if you want to make any of the ebony.  There isn't much to do in the game unless you love to gather resources whilst occasionally killing a wolf.  There are alot better games that are similar to this available so i would steer clear of this one in its current state.2/5"
76561198055354256,Not Recommended,307880,17182386,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,MushyBird,"It's a really good concept, but for now it's lacking tremendously in content. I would suggest waiting off until it gets a bit more meat on it's bones.Obviously, from only having 2 hours on the game, I really can't speak for the entire game. What I do know is that the beginning is a kinda lack-luster. I LOVE the first little check-list system, and I think that most survival games could learn a lot from that. It's a near perfect way to implement a tutorial. However, past that, I found the gameplay had little variety (atleast in the beginning). I would have loved to have seen more animals, and more variety in the weapons. I like the idea of freezing, however I never felt very threatened by it.My main gripe, and I know it's not the best gripe, is the lack of a way to skip the night through sleeping. Each night I found myself just sitting in my little shack waiting for the sun to rise. I was completely safe, and therefore I feel as though I shouldn't have had to wait.I realize this is a very early release of the game, however, it's priced as something that's completely finished, therefore I feel as though it should be more of a complete package. I commend the developers on responding to my review, and I will certainly be following the developement of this game."
76561198067943088,Recommended,307880,14802402,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Suicide_Crook,personally i love this game its awsome  but so much lag!! if the creator of this game can see this you really REALLY need to work on thye lag so much SO FREAKIN MUCH and i think some of the tools are a little expensive to make just a review you dont have to hate me for saying its just a little hard to make some
76561198153939447,Recommended,307880,14817215,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,A230385,"Still very early in development, but I like the feel of the game.  Very similar to Skyrim visually and combat wise.   Buying an early access game is a crap shoot, but I really think this one can be a winner.   This is what Zenimax should have made instead of that godawful Elder Scrolls Online MMO.   If they make a Mod API, it would be fantastic."
76561198075246056,Recommended,307880,17418690,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Cedrus,"The game seems amazing, i play a little bit but i love this style of RPG + SURVIVOR + full loot on die, just need more slots for players and disable the non pvp mode."
,Recommended,307880,29191087,Posted: 11 January,all,Quantum_MilkMachine,ever evolving and always fun.
,Recommended,307880,17421958,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,BeckBeckGitRekt,"-Finds Skeleton, meh. Spam Left Mouse.-Finds Standard Wolf, meh. Spam Left Mouse and Strafe a 'lil bit.-Finds Dragon Tower with a mildly-autistic dragon that doesn't even find you interesting enough to attack, meh keep walking.-Finds Plague Wolf, RUN FOR DEAR ♥♥♥♥ING LIFE, ITS GOT UR SCENT, ONLY OPTION? ALT + F4, SELF-INDUCED SUICIDE, OR FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO KILL YOU FIRST!! THESE BEASTS ARE ♥♥♥♥ING SAVAGES AND WILL MAKE YO' BED--- YO' DEATH BED!!!!!This game is amazing, I've only played it for several hours and can already tell it has potential. The pre-game is probably the roughest point a player has to overcome throughout the entire game, with limited resources and several survival factors such as Warmth, Hunger, and Health; this game isn't for the average COD scrub. Although the combat system can be easily abused by circling enemies and spamming left mouse, it shows promise with future updates. I found this game realitively easy, until you find a Plague Wolf... then you spend the next half hour trying to kill it with your bare fists because it guards yo stuff better than a Watchdog Security System, this game will beat you to your knees, and leave you with nothing, but some stone and frostberries. ""9/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by Plague Wolf Again.""  Also fix the snow/fog/mist from going through the ceiling bug, it really kills the little feeling of safety you get from camping in a village's townhall..."
76561198128028669,Recommended,307880,21881612,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Vorphik,10/10CAN KILL WOLVESits consistantly updated and every update either fixes something or add new things.the game itself still needs work but its getting better with every update and the devsreally carei r86/10 ign its fun but it still needs work
76561198208619109,Not Recommended,307880,17428175,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,titymcswag,"Once i saw this trailer i was like ""hmm this looks like a really fun game the graphics are alright hardly any lag and a good point to it, and it 60% off"" this night i bought the game and loaded the game up and started a new map and like ""ohhhh this is gonna be so fun trying to kill that monster thingy"" it's loaded and i move the mouse a little to the left and a 2 second delay and it was extremly laggy i was like ""maybe the settings are to high"" i open the menu and i click ssettings about 5 times and it finally opened i saw that all the settings were on its best and i was like ""ohhh that's why it's so laggy i try change it to simple or good and the game crashed im like ""eh it's the first time i've played this so it might not be use to the changes i'm trying to do, i open it up again and try what i did last time, crashed again, so i loaded it up a 3rd time and it finally didn't crash on me and i started a new game and getting hyped again, nothing changed the game was running at like 15fps and and laggy as all balls the mouse sensitivity was insain and i walked up to a monster and punched it a lot and it hit me 4 times no loss of blood i killed it and like ""let's see if i put it on the lowest settings and get rid of the shadows still lagged out my game and crashed. i don't recommened this game until they fix the random crashes and the laggy game and the no loss of blood. you don't have to take my word you could read more comments on this game before buying it.thank you"
76561198047600925,Recommended,307880,16008123,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,cheeseygeorge,REALLY FUN GAME. but very hard
,Not Recommended,307880,19361835,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Jinxy,"Looks cool and the idea seems alright but..  I tried it and can say that at it's current state this game doesn't offer as much as other survival games. Besides having an inventory system that is painful to work with it lacks content and just seems like a very unfinished game.EDIT 18.11.2016: As one of the devs replied to my original comment with ""you have not played the game enough to say it is lacking content"" - Well, I've done my research, as with all games I intend to buy/play, and my review is based on that but of course also the first impression I got during the time I played it myself.I went back to try the game again and it still looks the same to me. Not sure how much the devs are putting their time into this game or what their plans are but still it seems this game doesn't give me enough reasons to continue playing past the first hour or so. It seems a bit grindy. The snowy landscape is beautiful but even that seems to repeat itself. Also, some of the animations and sounds could be improved too, make them more realistic please."
76561198023096228,Not Recommended,307880,31985042,Posted: 26 May,all,Chaplain Livius,I bought this game 2 years ago.After all this time I can honestly say that it had zero improvement.Don't buy it.
76561198160791836,Recommended,307880,14755355,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,G-Man,All i gotta say is if the devs keep up on this game its gonna be the biggest pair of boobs....and i love boobs!
,Recommended,307880,14844617,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,MaryJaneOctane,"Fun mixture of sandbox and fantasy. Keep in mind that this is an early access, and you wont be disappointed.Cant wait to see how this game develops."
,Not Recommended,307880,18909647,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Kuro,"I have updated my review in light of developer's responseI've wanted this game for a long time, and followed it's progress a while now. But there were some things that ran counter to my expectations. I didn't feel like the survival experience was very fleshed out due to a lack of options available to me when one resource was unavailable.However the developer has pointed out some things that are in the works that will help to flesh out the survival experience, and while I will try to update the review it's worth bearing in mind that it might not reflect the actual state of the game. Particularly, the dev has mentioned that rabbits are in the works. I feel that if snares are included along with rabbits it would go a long way to giving some alternative options for survival.My experience was that after killing a dozen animals, mostly wild boar, only one of them dropped anything usable (a wolf), so by nightfall I had only 1 wolf pelt, 1 sinew and 1 animal bone despite having killed a decent number of animals. I didn't have enough materials to craft any bags. So the only option I was left with was to throw my belongings on the ground at the base camp. Which irked me. And in the original review the lack of alternatives to chasing deer took the brunt of my criticism.In my original review I lamented the lack of small game and snares to provide other options. Since the developer has replied and mentioned adding rabbits to the game, if they do add rabbits and also add snares to the game (providing an alternative way to hunt other than chasing animals) then I'd like to reiterate a lot of my initial criticism about hunting will be invalidated.In my original review I said that the crafting is disappointing as well, and I stand by that. In the absence of leather--all I wanted was to craft a box or a basket to give me something basic to put my stuff in at camp, instead of having to drop stuff on the ground, and it turned out to be easier to build a fully fledged house than it was to build a box.Houses could see some improvement as well. In Skyrim there are free mods that that clear the grass and level the land just to pitch a tent, and unfortunately there is nothing like that in this game for a structure as permanent as a house.I am wary of early access games because I've been stung before by developers who never go back to their core game play once they start adding bells and whistles, so my original review may have reflected that hesitation. However the message the developer left in my review suggests that they are still willing to improve the core of the game. Which goes a long way to giving me confidence in the potential the game has. And it does have some good potential."
76561198008707392,Not Recommended,307880,19294059,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,marhaulte,"I was pretty excited reading about this, but it just doesn't deliver. Cool concept, but after the first bit it just gets boring and repetitive. Do I really want to watch my character swing his hand axe at a rock 10 times per ore when it has a chance to be another stone? Nah. Do I want to attack the rock 50ish times per coal when I need 10 of them? Hell no.Single player is really worthless. If they had NPCs or really anything to interact with, it would have some substance.""Advanced Creature AI"" is a joke. They run up to you, pause, and swing every few seconds. Zzz.Yeah you can craft buildings for...no reason. You only really need a fire to warm up at. The night is so cold you can't actually play during it which is realistic I guess, but actually just stalls game play since there is no interesting dynamic to it besides ""Ok, time to stare at the fire for a while.""Yeah you can explore! Explore what? Copies of the same buildings you can build. Great. No real story or mystery or secrets to reveal. Just what seems like a testing ground from a newbie game developer."
76561198077219031,Not Recommended,307880,25121322,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,❖Morph☠Kirby❖,one of the worst survival sandbox games i ever played this game looks like some guys startet it and not even on the half way they lost there intrest in it. There just to less things to do.
76561198031696487,Not Recommended,307880,16913548,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,eric.truxell,"I actually like this game, but do not reccomend (without warning) because its advertised as a survival game, and this is NOT a survival game.  I've only recently started playing survial games, having only played two other games billed as survival games and Savage Lands differes from them in two major ways:  One is there is no death penalty.  In a survival game, if you die, the game is over (install a ""hardcore mode"").  Second is that in Savage Lands, merely surviving is very easy.  Its way too simple, in fact.  Not sure how to fix that.Thats my reccomendation, now for the Devs, a few thoughts:Things roll downhill, its cute, but annoying and not realistic.Durability is an issue, I'm killing things all day long just to keep my gear repaired.You should be able to break down found gear.Buildings should have more purpose.  For survival, the only one you ever want to spend the time on is the smithy.  The rest are for town simming fun.Days seem too long, and you can't sleep through the night.  I'm eating several dear or wolves per day.  Not that there is a lack of meat, I have stacks of it because my equipment needs the more important animal product, sinew for daily repairs.Encumberance should be included. You shouldn't be able to carry the world with you in 8 backpacks.Bandages are an issue, I'm exploring the map desperatly trying to make it from one cotton plant to another.  (in areas with the BIG wolves).Rocks should disappear when they are mined out... unless they eventually regenerate?Could not ""place"" the pine chest in the smithy, I just kind of dropped it and there it sits, immovable.Look forward to playing and seeing the additions you guys come up with."
76561198035457347,Recommended,307880,15541148,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,commando24,hard as Hell!! a real challenge to progress.  Have died so many times look forward to every update.
76561198022340878,Recommended,307880,15600371,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Capt.1bloke,Good game so far although I cannot last more than one day without getting attacked by wolves or freezing to death.  A save game option would be great!!!  Really hard stuff!
,Not Recommended,307880,19371763,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hakeem the Genie,"Has potential, but i do not recommend it at the current point in time.Graphics are not awful. Movement and control is a bit wonky still. My character was stuck on a tiny rock. I found a tower and couldn't climb in the debris, collision wise it was a full cylinder with stairs on the outside, but visually it had gaping holes and voids i thought might contain some loot.There isn't much within the world that i could find. I beelined it right inland and saw tiny wolves, and stags more than anything. I saw 2 skeletons that were dispatched with ease and maybe 4 bigger wolves. The item list looks impressive but i would need to look into it further for all of that.So far it honestly seems rather cakewalkish, i killed everything i saw with minimal trouble amd without crafting anything. It just felt really empty.I am looking forward to what this might turn into, please don't abandon this devs.Update 22.12.2015Played online with some people from all over the world. Stil don't recommend it, much of the grind was brought down by us working together, despite little to no shared language. It was interesting, but still not something I can recommend right now.Devs, if you want to talk to me on my review, feel free to leave your comments. Deleting them just sets bad vibes."
76561198052648564,Not Recommended,307880,33883940,Posted: 29 July,all,alain-iz,Its been what like 4 years i haven't even  seen any changes they say they are hard at work and promise female character in the game it never happened and there hardly been any changes in the game. Don't buy this game it will never be made whole... The dev are liers.
,Recommended,307880,23177639,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,chris1999,great game
,Not Recommended,307880,17414599,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Hugh G. Rection,"Pretty much your generic modern survival game à la Rust and Ark: Survival Evolved. This game's unique spin on the formula is that the enemies are harder to defeat (Along with a pleasing fantasy aesthetic). The problem with this is that the combat system is the same hold down left click to vaguely flail at things in front of you system of this game's influences, meaning that the actual skill in the harder combat feels like is still exactly the same.I did go in to this game after reading many reviews praising the game greatly, which may have given me some unfair expectations, but all in all I left the game unsatisfied.Otherwise it seems like a pretty solid addition to the survival genre, but if you aren't already sold on these games this will certainly not change your mind."
,Recommended,307880,14816393,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,voltagethd,Played 2 hours of it so far and enjoying the midevil fantasy experience. Surviving the first night is great challenge!
76561198027786099,Recommended,307880,17414029,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Mothling,"Scoured over the land in search for stuff.As stuff I found a pack of wolves, 6 of em.Killed all with my bare hands but was low on HP and was bleeding.Thought eating the raw meat of the wolves is a good idea to recover my lost HP and prevent from bleeding out...... worst idea EVER!"
,Recommended,307880,21541552,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Exes | LFT | pl4ym4k3r,Game has survival almost survival 👌
,Recommended,307880,21770787,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Eclipse113,"As of right now, developers seem to be advancing the game quickly and improving it in the right direction. Their updates balance improving performance, graphics and content which is great to see. The only problem I have with this game is that it doesn't have enough content, I got very bored very quickly, I understand this is early access game and the developers seem to be updating the game on a regular basis."
76561198072664252,Recommended,307880,17419476,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Jbird107,"Its very early access im getting a hang of it, I expect good things!"
76561198045070865,Not Recommended,307880,17430346,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,SKELEBOND,"Savage Lands looks great on paper, but that's as far as it goes...The gameplay is clunky, I can't even hit 60fps on a top end PC, the graphics are mediocre at best. The UI is bad and the game has very little direction or explanation of what to do. It's a fantastic concept, but I cannot recommend it to anyone in its current state."
,Not Recommended,307880,17430309,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Dicks out boys,"The game feels slow, clunky and boring."
76561198105067144,Recommended,307880,30041473,Posted: 19 February,all,Mike,"Fun survival game, I like the crafting system and dying from dragon fire."
76561198096923894,Recommended,307880,30332148,Posted: 5 March,all,Sparrow159,This game has amazing potential for really good community setups. I have just aquired the game and it looks very promising (2 hours in). I look foward to seeing you in game. (Sparrow159)
76561198093051869,Recommended,307880,23223999,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Zhe Leader Pimock /Tom,It has tones of stuff to do :)
,Not Recommended,307880,29216922,Posted: 12 January,all,Mustalt,"I've had this game for a while and i've seen its ups and downs. This game used to be a fun, unforgiving hell simulator where enemies were hard and you were the weakest. Late game was a challenge and survival was a difficult chore. This game became childrensplay when they introduced a second slot for a weapon. Without its difficuly, savage lands has gone from an incredibly unique survival rpg to a run of the mill survival. Bring back old savage lands please"
76561198155807026,Not Recommended,307880,22329560,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,DRdodo,"Savage lands just isnt finished enough to be released at all. there are no local servers to join unless you ip through america, i tried to like the game but after falling through the world 7 times you start to realise how bad the game really is. the mining system is terrible and the boring and basic crafting system is almost as bad. unless the game is $2 i wouldnt recommend buying it."
76561198237956800,Recommended,307880,24815302,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,canzone,Great game. Fun to follow along with the dev team as it evolves. Worth playing for sure and it's a lot of fun!
76561198007614992,Recommended,307880,15442770,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,SinKaine5854,game is a blast and its only early release....having alot of fun and all im doing is dieing everyway possible lol... and loving every minute....must buy
76561198247594030,Recommended,307880,21853266,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,HiiiPoWeR,"still very beta, movement is a bit clunky but overall its decent. way more fun if played with people"
76561198040675621,Not Recommended,307880,25120908,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,chmoed,Probably fun multiplayer but otherwise don't get it
76561198203583860,Recommended,307880,22034437,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,kevinblessas57,"Hard to survive early on.Graphics good.A dayz contender,"
76561198008679041,Not Recommended,307880,20009880,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Cnaeus Augustus Scipiio,"Slow developpment, incomplete unsatisfying game. Challenging at first, sure... but not much to do besides getting from butt naked to equiped with chain mail afterwards."
76561198262317193,Recommended,307880,29285293,Posted: 15 January,all,TheGoldenSwordTales,awesome
,Not Recommended,307880,31984751,Posted: 26 May,all,uee,pathetic attempt at making something
76561198104657239,Not Recommended,307880,33895308,Posted: 29 July,all,ClubPenguinBlackBelt,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game. DONT BUY!
76561198016863839,Not Recommended,307880,29586263,Posted: 30 January,all,Mike Rees,1 word♥♥♥♥♥
76561198038067476,Not Recommended,307880,17427128,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Prime,"Can't believe this game doesn't provide an option to invert the Y-axis. Can a dev please tell if such an option is supported and going to be released in a very near future ? I know i'm in the vast minority of players demanding for it but should it be not available in the roadmap, please be honest and just tell it."
76561198000485744,Not Recommended,307880,14803523,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,bobroonie.bda,"Average graphics, very low content and NPC's. Once you understand farming and crafting build your own hut and forge it's game over, games boring, you've survived. There are a few good NPS's and the game has potential, but right now, I can't say spend more then 10 or 15 on it.Update,They fixed mouse smoothing. Thanks for that! Game loads just fine. Died by a pack of wolves and freezing to death.  Seen a massive flying dragon from a distance. Game has great potential. So far the dev's have been very active. I look forward to more content.--Crashed steam on first load.Unable to turn off mouse smoothing. Tried to turn it off for 10 mins.Running is more like walking midly quicker. It's not by any means running. Hell it's not even power walking.. In fact I had to check it a few times to make sure there was a difference between walking and running. Maybe my run key was not bound.. No, it was.Unplayable in the current state."
76561198059641737,Not Recommended,307880,24989407,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Sevrin,"The survival checklist is garbage. It doesn't tell you how to build buildings, it says to press J but all J does is open your journal and there doesnt seem to be any buildings available in the crafting menu. I froze to death. Plus, when I was hammering away at some rocks it started droping... whetstones. Not stone, not flint, whetstones. Apparently I am so skilled with a hammer that I can't even just get stone, it comes out in perfectly formed blade sharpening blocks.Also the resolution ♥♥♥♥s up constantly. I had it in fullscreen and it cut off the edges of the screen even though it was at the correct resolution, so I tried a smaller resolution in windowed mode... and it still cut off the edges of the screen.This game is years old but still hardcore early development. Needs some serious work to be even slightly playable."
76561198086885848,Recommended,307880,25080587,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Captain Jack Sparrow,Legacy version is good if buggy and the current version is great if you can run it.
76561198128949050,Recommended,307880,22350727,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,SuccMyDaddy,20/10One eye cyclops floppy simulator. would never equip armor again.
76561198133027538,Not Recommended,307880,23198314,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,COBRUH,"************ OLD **************cool idea but they dont really have a good / fun build system , crafting was kind of lame , and all around needs more work************ OLD ************************** NEW **************The badWell i was going to give this another sot and try to play for a few hours b4 i put up a new review but i can , Buggs , turned all graphics down and still some lag ( dont remeber it being that laggy )random issues where even offline mode / local play didnt want to start , die and get to your body for the game to crash , not really a free build system like other surival games with Fun crafting and building making your home how you would want it, stuck with the prefabsThe good  (kinda)Theres some cool things to building a house, placing what u have to see your home put up piece by piece , strange monsters , cool world to see ...... trying to think  about what else i liked but... well its not something i want to play anymore ,"
76561198170004161,Recommended,307880,14762429,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Cheeki Breeki Wopo,"super cool, but super laggy"
76561198169671291,Recommended,307880,14778455,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,OdinsRage,Awesome concept...  My biggest fear of this game is it draws close to Dungeons and Dragons... respectfully....   not a bad thing... since Dungeons and Dragons are the Grandfather of roleplay and midevil type game janera's.  I appreaciate the fact they are keeping away from looking like WoW thats awesome...   Let me just say one thing of the combat that concerns me... Creatures with thier back turned to you hitting you...  that needs some work...  and speaking of combat... will there be a blocking ability added so we have a better chance?
,Recommended,307880,17426671,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,high iq :),"Before I say anything, I like this game. But not enought to keep it. Everything is extremely linear and uneventful, yet I still would like this game to become more popular and successful as the days go by.Pros:Somewhat good graphics.Relevant mechanics.Randomly generated villages.Dragon towers.Indepth crafting.Cons:Small server population.Crafting and cooking are confusing.Abandoned settlements have somewhat crap loot.Cannot completely traverse dragon spires.Deers, too fast.But i would give this game a 5/10, not good, not bad, has potential."
76561198078629110,Recommended,307880,17398659,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Gema,Very good game. It's awesome if you want to have fun.
,Recommended,307880,14761994,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Real,It's alright
76561198100350288,Recommended,307880,15281962,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,menofthehills,"A great game still early in its developement. Even as they start to determine the holes in the prodcut, DNA is doing a good job at adjusting to keep the game exciting and challenging. I look forward to the rest of the updates to come."
,Recommended,307880,15059317,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Crazied,DO IT
76561198021741459,Recommended,307880,15283802,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Darodor,"This game have a lot of potiential.  The game is fun in it's current state but need a lot more improvement.   The developper put regular update with new feature every time.  So, if they continue that way, that game will be great."
76561198125020728,Recommended,307880,15021473,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,vengeance2109,"its a verry good game but it needs some update like when you build a house and it doens't touches the ground then the stuff just rolles out and there are no quests so all you do is hunt and build so some quests would be nice but i think that it's worth the 22 euro and it keeps getting better, i would buy it if i was you;)"
,Recommended,307880,14768686,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,tommysticks,"Awesome game. Promotes friendly play (however it is not neccessary) by including brutal weather and NPCs but not to the extent of Life is Feudal (promoting friendly play), which requires basically server wide unity to get anything accomplished (without NPCs).Better than:RustLiFDayZPlanet ExplorersRust againThe only thing that could go wrong is if the Devs go in a completely different direction from the current build to the final."
76561198074325208,Recommended,307880,15285410,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Spaz,"i love this game, there is so much to do!"
,Recommended,307880,15326450,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Gorgel,"If you like fantasy sandbox games, Savage Lands is definitely worth a look.Rather than reiterating all of the good aspects mentioned here in reviews, I'll focus on what I don't like about this game:ITEM DURABILITY, UGH!!!!!!!In around a 3-4 hour play session, I have to replace some of my armor and weapons multiple times. It feels like that this is the core gameplay loop. You craft armor and weapons only to craft more armor and weapons... constantly. I found it difficult to build up a cache of wearable items, because my weapons and armor would degrade faster than I could create them.I still recommend this game, but item durability needs some serious tweaks, or a system to repair items."
,Recommended,307880,18008910,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,OhioMan,"Something ok to kill time when you just need one of those ""needs work"" games,graphics are 2009ish, trees seem to give me a little motion sickness with way they just stiffly go back and forthI would get this only on sale."
,Recommended,307880,22499898,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Nephilim,Optimization -.-
,Not Recommended,307880,29727304,Posted: 5 February,all,RocksoliD-,"Garbage. Just terrible. Buggy, not fun."
,Recommended,307880,23427733,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Kaiser Edgelord,Ambitious and relatively easy to just pick up and play. I don't understand how some of the other reviewers can sink 100+ hours into a game and still call it bad...if you played it for 100+ hours you clearly enjoyed the game ya know?
,Not Recommended,307880,31733871,Posted: 13 May,all,ArBroom,Scum devs.
,Recommended,307880,15447342,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,红懒龙,This game has a huge potential ;) if they dont mess it up :D
76561198023061645,Recommended,307880,15488387,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Jammen,Definately A different kind of servival game I have played a few and even in this ones infantcy it has the potential i keep you entertained for hours on end
76561198036073830,Recommended,307880,18892547,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,woolndv,"Changed the Resolution 2 minutes into the game and NOW I'm recieving only a BLACK SCREEN and NO WAY to access eresolution to reverse what I did,.  £7 for nothing REALLY pisses me off especially when you cannot EASILY contact Steam to resolve the issue.  SH@T"
76561198255705013,Recommended,307880,25124340,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ironpenguin,its a good game and its a let of fun but it does not work for me so :(
76561198123369288,Recommended,307880,32599663,Posted: 20 June,all,[TKK] 1KoniC,"Fantastic game. I have been playing since the legacy version with the single island, and all i can say is i hope the devs manage to find more funding to pull the game off of hiatus."
76561198009025108,Recommended,307880,16353861,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gozu,
,Recommended,307880,14954693,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,random pizza guy.,This game is extremely ♥♥♥♥ing savage.If being savage entails needing sinew.4/20 Sinew Crafting Simulator.
,Not Recommended,307880,22652366,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Wisbi,"(TL;DR at bottom.)[I am open to changing this review once (and if) the game improves.]This is a weird case for me, I want to like this game, and as such, would consider being on the fence. But not this one. While I do say, YES, it certainly has potential. As is? NO, I can not recommend Savage Lands to you or anybody else.I played it sometime last year, and liked it for the most part. I just now came back to it, and quite a bit has SEEMED to change, and while, yes, it has, it has not been for the better. The game was already living up to its name before, this is a brutal game; you don't even need to make a mistake for it to punish you. But there-in lies the issue. The game, seems to have been made EVEN HARDER than the last time I played it.I spawned, killed a skeleton with a stick, okay. Try to gather supplies before night, okay. The moment night falls, WOLVES. WOLVES WOLVES WOLVES. Your starting weapon does nothing. Your fists do nothing. You're forced to run, and if you're lucky, you'll get away. Alone, naked and cold, unless you somehow managed to scrap together clothing by day 1 (which won't be enough), or miraculously found enough (and managed to carry it with you) materials to build another fire, you'll freeze to death before morning. The water might as well be LAVA with how quickly it ends your life if you dare so much as wade up to your waist into it. Because yes, cold now consumes your life in the opposite direction. That is now health you no longer have access to. Even if you manage to warm up, that health will be missing! So if you so much as get a little chilly, you'll get one-shot before you have time to see that second skeleton, that wolf, or a giant boar.Now, I'm not one who complains about difficulty in a game. But I am one to complain about PERFORMANCE of a game. They have gone out of their way in the last year I played this, to drive this to unfair and un-fun levels of 'hard', yet they have done NOTHING to improve the game's actual stability. Combat is stillungodly clunky, and even on the lowest settings, the random lag, slow-downs, or outright freezes, will most likely kill your fun before the nightly spawn-rates do.TL;DR: If the game would perform better and had less clunky combat, it'd be cool."
76561198042913113,Not Recommended,307880,23425159,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,caidicus,"WARNING: THIS REVIEW IS HOW I FEEL ABOUT THE GAME AND IS NOT MEANT TO REPRESENT THE OPINIONS OF ANYONE ELSE WHO EITHER LIKES OR DISLIKES THE GAME,I really didn't like this game. There are so many survival games on the market, seemingly in the hundreds, and this game just didn't seem to offer anything new to the genre.I didn't play very long, but I also didn't feel at all like I wanted to play more. After the initial couple of hours of trying my hardest to find a reason to keep going, I just said ""F it"" and never opened it again.That's not to say it's a bad game, it's just not one I would recommend."
76561198053034067,Not Recommended,307880,23692275,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Crafty,"There are some good qualities about this game but over all i had what can only be described as a boring time playing. Resource gathering takes such a long time for little return. and the night cycle consists of standing still next to a camp fire, for half an hour. I played for 5 hours but half that time was spent doing nothing.tip - put on a audio book to help pass the time.The hunting is fun though and with the the game still being early in development I would suggest keeping an eye on it.Has potential"
76561198180979426,Not Recommended,307880,24333089,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,¥ung Øsmack,I didn't play this for long... But my experience wasn't the greatest.Pros--A challenge for proffesional players-Many things to explore-A lot of different things like bows and swords (even a dragon)Cons--Pretty hard for beginners-A lot of glitchesThat's what I think of the game.
76561198211514256,Recommended,307880,20675471,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,SPARKLYSON hates yujie kun,"only get this game on sale, if its more than $8 i cant recommend but considering its early access you might wanna see if it gets any better"
76561198010748161,Not Recommended,307880,24950635,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Vinny Vally,"Tried it and sadly didn't like - I had high expectations for it, admitedly, so I shall now wait for it to be more updated before trying again (I'll be honest I buy very few pre-release games for this reason now).Now yes I agree reviews from those who spent less than 2 hours in game isn't as valid as those with 100 hours.. So I won't even try to comment on most of the gameplay that I did/did not like.The graphics are okay, and the environment is varied well enough. You don't come across the same building simply repainted 18 quintillion times (unlike some rather expensive games as of late) which is imo very important for a survival game like this where exploration is key. So for that - I like this game!Unfortunately, I found the UI and some other aspects horrendous to use, very clunky and certain aspects counter intuitive. The crafting system was also a little of the mark for my liking and somewhat counter intuitive - I felt like it was trying to fight against me whilst using it..Combat was 'okay', although even after an hour I wasn't liking where it was going, I felt like I was going to be doing pretty much the same thing for however long I played with regards to attacks.Unfortunately for me the worst part about the game in current state are the sound affects. These were very similar from one task to the next, and even after 5 minutes I was scratching the edge of my mouse for it to stop. I do think it worthwhile pointing out that I am a big fan of good music and sound affects, so I guess this was probably the reason I disliked it quite so much.I very much wanted to like this game, but, I think I'll find myself waiting for more updates/full release before I try this again - It's got a lot of potential so I'd FOLLOW this and see where it goes in the future. 3/10 in current state from me."
76561198044124352,Not Recommended,307880,20119669,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,20/4,"My last review was a bit trolly but this is my real review. It's a good game, it has alot of potential but the developement is very slow. It takes them 3 weeks to do a couple of bug fixes. They're working on too many games at once. The devs are nice but they try too hard to make everything perfect. I think they should focus on adding content rather than fixing it. This would speed up the updates alot.(Only fix important bugs). I'd like to see wolf taming that would be really cool. I'd like to see more animal beasts because most of the monsters are just skeletons. We need monsters like a huge bear that has six legs and moose horns (you can use this idea if you want). Adding reptiles would be cool too. You gotta get schwifty."
,Not Recommended,307880,26749530,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Cale,"This game WAS fun, in the alpha.Once beta hit the building mechanics all changed and basically changed the game alltogether.There is a wide gap in difficulty level.  When you first start it is IMPOSSIBLE to collect materials for even basic weapons and shelter.  Once you've progressed far enough, there isn't anything left to do.  It's far too easy.I was very hopefull for this. It was a survival game with fantasy aspects and this was something new.In order for this game to be successfull:*Revamp the entire building system, or revert it back to alpha*Give the game a goal/purpose other than pure survival. I realize this is unheard of in survival games where the goal is simply that, surviving.  However, this is a ""fantasy"" survival and this genre needs more quest-style play to succeed. OR*PVP- this is how survival games survive.  This game however has such a strong PvE focus that the PvP is nearly non-existant."
76561198073085236,Not Recommended,307880,32700254,Posted: 23 June,all,Danny Phantom,terrible game
76561198088029862,Not Recommended,307880,32710020,Posted: 23 June,all,PatelGamer,Really buggy at start. Do not recommend it now anyways
76561198035342706,Not Recommended,307880,23337940,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Mr Duck,"This game has a lot of potential but the price is high and the game is super small... Untill developers create more content, dont recomend spending your money on."
76561197961652752,Not Recommended,307880,31948661,Posted: 25 May,all,Flashman,There is a special place in hell for companies who make games that never-ever get passed 'early access' stage (or intended to). Embarrassed to have supported this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at launch.
,Recommended,307880,31873688,Posted: 20 May,all,hatsunator,"If I had to summarise it as best as I can it feels like a more savage Oblivion with no surface plot.While I'm unclear as to the what the goals are for the final product, what I have played has been interesting enough to keep me in the loop for this titles full release. Definetly play this with friends though. While still somewhat interesting in singleplayer having a friend will go a long way in keeping this game fully engaging.Early Access - 7/10"
,Not Recommended,307880,29658380,Posted: 2 February,all,Emu Annihilator,This game is primordial elephant♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,307880,29587642,Posted: 30 January,all,itsderik,"IT is SUCH a bad game. The animations are poor and the game as a whole is the same thing: there is only one map and all the locations are set in stone: no random events, generation etc...The survival was good but the clunky combat and over-simplified crafting took it all downhill"
,Recommended,307880,15423247,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,lordspartan4,great game very imersive and fun to play with friends
,Recommended,307880,15341222,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Frog Monster,"The grapgics are amazing, and I love the concept. It's not a bad game by any means, so don't get me wrong, i'm going to rant a bit..My main issue with they game is that it seems to be made unreasonably hard on purpose. And of course it's a survival game about being stranded alone with little to no supplies, so it should be hard. But I mean this is unrealistically so. For example one of the first things that you need to do is build a fire so you do not freeze to death. To build a fire you need 6 stones for the fire pit, 3 logs, and some flint. Flint is easy enough to find. But somehow, for some unfathomable reason, with miles upon miles of open beach, forest, and hills, cliffs, and giant rock outcroppings, it's nearly impossible to find a few stones or logs. I was able to find 1 log relatively easily, but it's floating about 500 yards out in the freezing water, and if you go get it, you will die of hypothermia before you find any more to make a fire. A work around for the log problem is to find a stick (different from a log, and harder to find), and use a stone with that to make a hatchet. But it's already so hard to find a stone that doing so feels like a huge sacrifice. The only reason I can think of why simple stones and logs would be so scarce in a wilderness/beach environment is that the entire map, the beach, the trees, the rock outcroppings all over the beach, etc, is made of plastic."
,Not Recommended,307880,33951827,Posted: 1 August,all,GreJuVa,It will take 10 hours at most for this game bore you to death. At the moment its early access with very little content and  not worth buying in my opinion. But has a potential for future. (Developers doesn't seem like they care too much about this game though)
,Recommended,307880,14753584,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Awakeland,i <3 love it ^_^ an runs great on my computer
76561198023686486,Recommended,307880,26564479,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,J03K3RR,"I played this game back in 2015, gave up after a while as the game was stacked against the player.  I have kept coming back  over the last year and after the last update I have been playing daily.  This is may favourite build, the mobs in game are now more realistically difficult, most can be defeated  with right gear, but some will do u with one hit, but using bow from distance u can knock down their HP before attacking with melee. I like the idea of being able to destroy structures to gain mats to rebuild buildings.  This game is early access and yes has room for improvment, hunger level needs to be changed, falls too fast when at rest, which the devs seem to be doing, i believe when finished this will be an excellent game.  I have played many so called survival games, in Savage Lands you have to work at surviving, its a frozen, bitter cold land, explore without correct equipment and end up in snow storm, cant complain if u freeze to death.  £10 is a very fair price."
,Recommended,307880,18026328,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Exirius,"""The winter is coming.""People of the north"
,Recommended,307880,29861794,Posted: 11 February,all,Glootchi,i love it
76561198058610339,Not Recommended,307880,22137583,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,graegore,"First 3 attempts playing I was killed by the cold in less then 30 minutes of playing because there is no flint to be found any where in the game that I could find. mRunning around looking only attracted wolves and skeletons which helped to quicken my death. once you start you have no help with what to do or where to find stuff and since flint is needed to make a campfire which burns out pretty quickly there should be a lot more flint to find and tools should last longer then cutting down one or two trees, I really did not enjoy my first attempt at this game."
76561198022133390,Recommended,307880,21882613,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Captain Scutterbug,"Definately more challenging to start a new game for sure, enemies seem more abundant which can be annoying when trying to get started.  If you can manage to grind it out and get the right reasources without venturing too far from your starting base camp you should be able to get the game moving."
76561198072684865,Recommended,307880,21907081,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Rabubi,Really fun and challenging at the same time. Loads of things to discover and places to explore.There seem to be regular updates with improves comming in often.
76561197961741285,Recommended,307880,25956540,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,CTU_HILBY,fun
76561198188752158,Not Recommended,307880,23367401,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,CSGO Pro Player,I did not really like this game it was complicated and over all not fun
76561198148639300,Recommended,307880,20103216,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Armadugan,"For an Early Access Game, this game is acutally pretty fun.  After about 8 hours of playing, and dozens on a buddies account, I only encountered 1 bug (couldn't loot a Boar that died right next to his buddy) but it wasn't game breaking.  I never totally felt at ease while mining, hunting or even finding out how to make a campfire.  This game differently needs a buddy to team up with, so there is multiplayer for that, and single players for whom like it rough. *wink wink*  Overall, I really like this game, and with regular updates that they developers tell you about (not like DayZ....screw that game) they acutally make the game more enjoyable, rather than breaking it.  If Skyrim, Minecraft and Rust all had a baby..... Savage Lands would be that wayward ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ son."
76561198033317296,Recommended,307880,28737663,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,runeravenx,"Fun game, better than rust. mouse controls are horrendous though. no matter how I adjust the settings, it's not very smooth."
76561198012815385,Recommended,307880,25876737,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,neededlotus5,game is cool do i really need to say more people complain of bugs& lag but personaly havent seen any people just need to upgrade their crappy machines /bonk its that simple.
76561198206096723,Recommended,307880,28641767,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ExtremEGaming,good survival game
,Recommended,307880,29019731,Posted: 4 January,all,skimo336,"This game is great and has great potential. I would describe it as a sort of Skyrim meets Minecraft with the gritiness of Dark Souls. Early development is a bit apparent in a lot of aspects such as combat and respawn mechanics but overall, this game is very enjoyable.My friend and I played when he got the game and the session connection was quick and seamless. We had tons of fun exploring and getting wrecked by giants.If you ever wished you could just run around a world similar to Skyrim but co-op with your friends to take down monsters and explore, then I would definitely recommend checking this game out. I will certainly be tracking this game's development and am continuing to enjoy it over 27 hours of gameplay later."
,Recommended,307880,28620839,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Your Imaginary Friend,Has a lot of potential. Needs work
,Recommended,307880,23390072,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Landstander,game is fun buuuuuuuut direct x 10? lol
76561198208439592,Recommended,307880,22656995,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,TwitchyM,Absolutely love the game and wish i could play it but since the recent big updates my computer cant run it...
76561198074520931,Recommended,307880,24432782,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,007bohn007,Love the idea of the game.  Easy to play.  My only problem is that it preforms poorly in terms of looking around as the character.  Hard to play when you can't look around.  Look forward to future updates.
,Recommended,307880,25784510,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,COL DEATH SETH,game is really fun
,Not Recommended,307880,31650668,Posted: 9 May,all,marikmarik,uulhggg
76561198126258906,Recommended,307880,29237497,Posted: 13 January,all,Grimripper1157,WORTH A TRY
76561198068585960,Not Recommended,307880,25728566,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ZdogSteak,"I love the idea of this game.. That said, I got super excited to play it, downloaded as soon as possible only to launch and play for about 5 minutes and have it crash on me. I know this is early access and I know its not suppose to work perfectly, so I relaunched and began playing some more.. Only to have it crash again.Not sure if maybe I just have my settings wrong or something but I would honestly like to go somewhere and request a refund becuase I doubt that I will play this game anymore. Possibly once it's polished and released."
76561197999626630,Not Recommended,307880,25123498,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Spirit of Ox,This game runs very poorly and my system far exceeds it's required specs.  Plus the graphics look much better in the trailer.
76561198081060425,Recommended,307880,25730182,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,seachingfour,"I have playing your game. There are a lot of problems. I have a character that fell into area that was hard to get to. I used like 10 deaths to get him back out. To find out the game took all his cool stuff. So I have to restart the character except for the buildings. I want to like your game, but I am getting of all the problems."
76561198149685965,Not Recommended,307880,26152453,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Regentgrub04912,The Game has pontential but there are too many bugs and not enough content
,Not Recommended,307880,28262815,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Nevermore,"Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT PLAYAI is terribleDeath GLitches Happen Extremely OftenAI Dont even attack you, you just all of the sudden take damage"
76561198023938538,Not Recommended,307880,28362789,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Falcon Pimpslap,"So much potential. So much completely ignored, stagnated potential...Sometimes I wish games were more like little mom and pop shops, where a big shell corporation could swoop in and give the gems the polish they need to shine. Then I realize that that never works, and everyone would probably be terrible.Anyway, I've been waiting years for this game to live up to its potential and it hasn't. Don't think it ever will."
76561197969009964,Not Recommended,307880,25004139,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Kaedan,The first weapon/tool I crafted (two-handed mace) has a ♥♥♥♥ing seizure every time I take it out so I can't even use it.I want a refund.
76561198002639946,Not Recommended,307880,26100484,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Doug S - NJ,Perhaps down the road this game will be playable. Right now it seems to be in an alpha state...The crafting aspect is ok... A bit clunkyThe turn off for me was the AI of the hostiles... very sketchy... in some areas the mobs dissapear depending on where you are in thier area... That made me log out permanently...I may try it again at some point but right now I cant reccomend...
76561198025990282,Not Recommended,307880,26123068,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Freshness,"Meh. I have been inveted in this game for awhile. I love the atmosphere and its potential. It might turn into something awesome eventually but it not there yet. Its riddled with bugs, and the last upgrade they turned all my silver ore (pretty rare) into tanin... I dont think I will be reinvesting the time it took to find and mine all that was lost randomly. So I think I will be bidding this game adiue."
76561198088368025,Not Recommended,307880,27377930,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tasu'Kaan,"no, it runs like♥♥♥♥♥.. optimised horribly... just dont."
76561198049949381,Not Recommended,307880,26348866,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,lancelot2001ca,"It still needs some work, but like other games like Kenshi who went from a buggy sandbox to a very beautiful and working (but heavy) game, the designers will get there eventually. Took many months to Kenshi to become worthy of its price, so I think this game should also takes many months before it is a good action-adventure game worthy of its price.Just wait a couple more months and it will be better.I can only recommand it to people who are patient and want to help in designing a game with bug reports, suggestions, etc.Otherwise, wait until it is finished. I WIll change it to recommanded once it is polished, bug-free and finished."
,Not Recommended,307880,28283072,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Gilligan355,pretty bad tbh regret buying
,Not Recommended,307880,22735328,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,yesilbursa,*Update*This is one early access game you want to stay away of. It was a very enjoyable game to me about a year and a half ago. This project is not to be finished and have a final product. They are just milking the ewarly acess scheme. Don't waste your money. A sensible person would just release it the way it is and move on to a new game. I guess they really can't come up with anything any more. What is done in the last year? NOTHING. It's the same damn game but actually worse.
,Not Recommended,307880,29629959,Posted: 1 February,all,The Duke,"Wouldnt recommend buying this due to the game, when I played it, being vague and confusing. It was hard to find resources of certain things like rocks/stones, also dying by wolves can be quite a nuisance."
76561198052674173,Not Recommended,307880,31768835,Posted: 15 May,all,SkyeRise,"I played the game, I liked the graphics (been a while and I did play for a few dozen hours... thanks Steam for counting them so dilligently *irony*) and waited for the full release of what was supposed to be a complete overhaul. FAIL!!!At this point, it's like beating a dead horse but please, for the love of god and maybe even cheese, do not support a fraud dev and buy this game!!! Do yourself a favor and walk away. Oh, and also clean your shoes as you do or some of this game's bad Karma might remain stuck to them... :{Just so this does not seem like a simple troll - here are some of the low points I personally experienced:- battle mechanics so bad and random it simply sucks (cool system if it WOULD WORK)- artificial stupidity (not intelligence) that is extremely advanced- complete negligence on the part of bug fixing for very long-lasting well-known issues- throwing players a bone and then taking it away... this could have been great.Rest in many broken pieces, dev of this game, just as you did to your game and our money."
76561198032077127,Not Recommended,307880,31350307,Posted: 24 April,all,Ͽ҈҉Ͼ,"Cannot recommend this game in its current state. Most the video or images you see is from when the game was in an earlier state under Unity 4. Although the art has improved, the gameplay really hasn't.The current state of combat (what it's been for over a year now) has been a shallow joke. Hit boxes don't make sense, enemies follow very simple attack patterns that can be just sidestepped or circle strafed most the time, and virtually all gameplay has been reduced to an equipment check. Have the best tier of equipment for that island and you are pretty much unkillable. Be lacking in equipment and you die in a few hits. Combine this with hitboxes that extend whole meters in front of an attack, or even behind an enemy, and it all feels horribly broken and clunky. I'm not expecting Darksouls or anything like that. Even compared to the dozens of other Early Access Survival games out there, the combat here is severely lacking.The construction system is hardly groundbreaking any more. Houses and buildings still appear as singular pieces with all the non-functional clutter just magically appearing inside them when completed. Beds are not objects and don't do anything, chests have to still be tossed outside on the ground and occasionally clip through the world, and wildlife still clips through walls or suddenly spawns inside the areas you've cleared. Trees don't respawn, so running out of trees in the nearby area is possible between needing to keep a campfire going constantly (due needing heat and the fact that flint to re-light the fire seemingly cannot be obtained in the starting area beyond the few random bits that respawn. Flint which you also need for arrows, tools, ect.All crafting is done from a cumbersome menu system. Although you can eventually get used to this, the ear splitting clang sound every time you make anything gets on your nerves quickly. Equipment tiers are reliant on finding special parts of the map where you might get flint, tin, iron, ect, but resources are limited to which island you are on. Meaning that progression forces you to abandon that nice encampment you spent dozens of hours building up and forces you to head to another island should you need a material you cannot get nearby. Although this might be fixed with their ""big island"" update, the new island will probably have the same sort of material tiers.The Dragon. Back in the earlier Alpha, they had a working dragon fight, he moved between 3 towers, and was just a continual reminder of your purpose on the island. This was mostly scrapped when they moved to Unity 5. The dragon still sits on the tower, but the pathing of it is now set where it will just fly over you and roast you relentlessly, often as soon as you respawn. The mechanics to fight the dragon have been pushed back and remained incomplete for well over a year while people on multiplayer servers, or those who have migrated characters over, still have the benefits.Multiplayer... My time in multiplayer was brief. It involved mostly freezing to death on an island devoid of resources since everyone spawns in roughly the same location. It might be an okay game to play with a bunch of friends, but most every other multiplayer tends to be better with friends. The problem here is limited resources (with trees not respawning), the janky combat mechanics, and spawning that can be best described as the game engine deciding to just throw a cluster of mobs down in an area near you and set them to immediately auto-path in your direction. There are dozens of other survivial games that just do the whole multiplayer experience better.Overall, it just feels like trying to transition the game from Unity 4 to Unity 5 was too big a leap for the developers, and aside from some art upgrades, they've been seemingly floundering over the design of the game since... Moved to 3 islands, now back to 1, meanwhile spending so much time on area design that they've neglected some very necessary mechanics improvements to keep their game relevant."
76561198068503512,Not Recommended,307880,24288369,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Rusbel,I'm updating my review because I played again after several months and the game seems to have gone downhill a lot. The AI can no longer hit you and will wander around aimlessly attacking at the space near you. The island now had a land bridge instead of a portal and I believe it's because it's one persistent map that the AI can no longer attack but this has also caused several othe performance issues including a slow sliding that can occur to your character and in general lower FPS then older versions of the game... I was hoping after all this time the game would have improved.
,Not Recommended,307880,17423576,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Lotuslessus,"AHAHAHAHAOK LOOK YOU ARE SHIPWRECKED , ITS COLD THERE AND YOU SHOULD BUILD HOME. WAIT A SEC, THERE ARE EMPTY HOUSES EVERYWHERE! OK U ARE HUNGRY SO YOU SHOULD FIND SOMETHING TO EAT. BUT YOU DONT FIND FOOD FOOD FINDS YOU PORKS AND WOLFS CAME FROM NOWHERE AND ATTACKS YOU AND U KILL THEM AND GET FOODAFTER THAT WHAT HAPPENS? NOTHING. U ONLY NEED TO EAT FOODS.GAME=$HITOPTIMIZATION=EXTRA $HITGRAPHICS= EXTRA EXTRA $HITUR MONEY THAT U SPEND= EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA $HIT"
,Not Recommended,307880,34068733,Posted: 6 August,all,Farem,"Lot of potential but constant delays on product advancement leave me at a stern keep on walking for this one. Might change if they put some SERIOuS work into this game and start with more regular updates (saw reasoning, doesn't change the fact you got people to pay you for a game you shelfed for ""other projects"") As always, becareful when buying Early Access"
76561198105577629,Recommended,307880,23351397,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Mr_sneaky-feet,"Great game! I had difficulty running it on my computer to begin with, however the tech support was patient, and very willing to walk me through what I needed to do to get the game running."
76561198280086985,Recommended,307880,35276104,Posted: 28 September,all,★ QuarterGhost ☠♛,"well i feel like this game as a lot of potential, started playing it in early builds and i had stopped for some reason, not the games fault...i feel like people has unrealistic expectation, this aint a aaa game, but it did what its meant to for me and my friends, we like it and we will keep supporting and streaming it. if you guys wants patches start by playing it"
76561198072396470,Not Recommended,307880,35360663,Posted: 30 September,all,Chilatow,"This game is just sad, the developers know it and haven't put out a sucessful game to date. Their reputation is as bad as their developing skills and loyalty. Good job putting the nails in your own coffin Signal Studios. Congratulations at ruining your last chance at success by abandoning this one... oh sorry ""pausing"" this one..."
,Not Recommended,307880,35340814,Posted: 30 September,all,Vilxern,"It's a gamble at this stage if the developers are actually going to come back and work on this game again after they finish their contracted work. Not only do they have to recover from the extremely negative reviews but also the reputation they've earned. Mind you this game was also scheduled to be finished this year but it feels as if it's in an early alpha state. It's quite frustrating but what can you do, Early Access itself is a flip of a coin and I worry that this'll be just another cash grab. Only time will tell but for the meantime steer well clear of this game and don't hold high hopes that they'll come back and finish it."
,Not Recommended,307880,17429209,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Killerjjayofficial,"So i thought i would take advantage fo the special offer of £5.99. I have played other popular survival game and from the trailer this one seemed good, i was mistaken, its early access so that helps its case. Seriosuly, the physics on this game are bad, you hit small bushes with an axe to get cloth?? and the gathering system is just random.... you can sit for hours hitting a rock and get minimal stuff as sometimes it bugs out and you cant pick stuff up..... im sure this will one day be half decent, but for now, £5.99 can get you a LOT more......"
,Not Recommended,307880,17168204,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Kardel,"This games potential is massive and it holds many promises, but it still needs to be worked on greatly.Servers could expand to have a larger player base. Enemies could be worked on with their animations, Leantoo can be actually USEFUL.  A way to block attacks or the adding of shields could do wonders. Taking hits like a sack of meat can only last so long, especially with new players who literally start out with a T-shirt.Option menu works well and is filled with some decent things, such as resolution options and antialiasing, but unless you got a pretty good computer, get ready for a bumpy train ride to lag-ville.You will have to use that resolution slider and other graphic options just to run the thing without major lag. Which will then make you miss out on the textures of this game, which at the highest resolutions are actually pretty good.Shame you might not get to enjoy them.Like I said, this game CAN be good if you got friends to play it with, and can handle the technical issues of a game that's still in early access. Other than that I'd say to past this till future updates, or at least be me and refund it after screwing around with the tutorial a bit. (Which I have to say is pretty nice to add)."
76561197983830786,Not Recommended,307880,16192364,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,PaintedHimself,"I want to make one thing clear! I am not bashing this game, i know it is Early Access(EA)! Dont be confused EA is not Electronic Arts/ worst gaming company to work the industry.!) The Game is lacking on content, all empty space with nothing to do. It is in EA and new content will be released. --2) Developers are on top of their game and its clear. ++3) I got bored at 30 minutes but that could be because im not playing it properly but i do play alot of EA games and love most of them. In fact many of my favorite games on steam are EA games. --4) Has lots of potential and may buy again once its farther along in development. ++5) Low graphics and performance. I know its a EA but it looks ugly in its present state, games dont need good graphics but they need to pleasant to look at or it becomes a chore to tolerate. Example, sir you are being hunted has poor graphics but it has a corkiness to it that makes you enjoy the graphics. --Overall this game has potential and i admire the developers for what they are doing but i cant recommend at the present. I hope they turn this game into a masterpiece so i can come back and be enthralled and lost in their game.Best of wishes to the developers, keep up the work and maybe ill try it again.Note: My computer is near top of the line, i can play witcher 3 at ultra so i do have this game maxed out."
76561198059047210,Not Recommended,307880,14893221,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,source.transformer,"Few problems:1. There seems to be no guarantee of permanence on respawn - exp: you craft backback, boots, etc, then die, respawn and those items may not be found - so you can end up starting from scartch (or worse if you can't find the basic necessities like clothing and flint).  By the way I've seen this happen with a fire-pit and lean-to as well - created those, respawned and they were no where to be found.  Lastly I've seen this happen when I've stockpiled items like wood adjacent to my lean-to.2. When your inventory is nearly full or full and you craft something (like bandages) - your character will just drop them on the ground.  Then if you're very lucky - an enemy could attack when you're doing this - causing you to have to move - then good luck finding white bandages in the snow3, Once I was walking and suddenly I entered this permanent running with no clipping and just started moving through the world - even pressing esc didn't stop it.  Only by switching to main menu and loading back into the world was I able to stop this non-stop running no clipping mode.4. This is was the most trivial - but when I first started playing - I saw that ""g"" was how you dropped an item - but you have to first load it into one of your five ""slots"" in order to do this.  As it turns out - you can drop an item directly in your inventory by just clicking on it and dragging it out of the inventory.5. There doesn't seem to be a way to pause the game - though I suspect that might be ""as designed"" - since you could exit to main menu - but that probably isn't a generally obvious thing to do.. and a bit of a nuisance."
,Recommended,307880,14840861,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,macadamstreet,"interresting survival fantasy game. good concept and already good . not alot of survival game make you stress about the night.use days to collect, prepar and all ( and fight too) , and be sure to be ready for the night........oh, and pray for not find a dragon ^^.the only black point of it is its a power ogre game use lots of setting such as SSAO and all, need a good pc for play smooth, no doubt this gonna be fix for medium/small pc in futur.truly a good game.keep eyes on itfor now, i put a 8/10 (still in devlopment)"
76561198105512061,Recommended,307880,24505191,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Uriank,"I'll be honest with you. I haven't played this game very long at all but I do like this game and anybody who says they are getting spawnkilled by the dragon or it takes too long to cut trees or mine rocks must be quite stupid or have problems with the game. I manage to cut down a tree in ten seconds and mine rocks in thirty seconds. That is not long and the dragon doesn't even spawnkill you, a great tip would be to not go near the damn dragon tower where he swoops down and burns you alive."
76561198014908589,Not Recommended,307880,24461394,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,]DoGB[ Sgt Richa,Nope I hate it just started to play the game as soon as it's start's I bloody DIE!! From a dragon I mean what's the point of the game when as soon as you start you die. Stupid idea of putting a dragon in but a good idea survival part but I mean come on just started and with in seconds then some dragon kills you! Bloody sort it out man
76561198032219667,Recommended,307880,32960055,Posted: 28 June,all,paddokeeffe,"I played the game in unity 4 , untill they sorted the change to U5. Ive now followed advice to rollback to V290 and find that despite a few small bugs i am enjoying the game in great anticipation off further development of the big island update.I have faith that this development will be happening soon. Personaly i prefer single player { without other people it feels more like real survival } but ive watched muliplayer games and maybe i'll try co op in the future for some fun with friends."
,Not Recommended,307880,17152848,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Experience,"Got in game, finished basic tutorial. Where do i go from here what is the point in getting armor and killing things what is there to gain? Extremely mild gameplay. All the positive reviews are extremly fishy, reason to believe dev is paying off people for good reviews. It's all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t don't waste your money this game would have been good if it was 2008. don't trust this dev i've looked into it and found a whole lot of issues with their past games. Wasted my cash buying two copies don't waste yours!!!"
76561197987284346,Not Recommended,307880,18711388,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Killjoy69,"When I first got it, it was almost playable....now not so much.  Combat is the least fun, yet only thing to do in this game, excluding of course hours of aimlessly wandering and farming for ores and various material to fix my steel armor that a pig bit threw...Sorry the combat, you can't avoid getting hit anymore so combat has been deduced to standing in front of enemy and hoping they drop before you do. (Was able to dodge until last couple updates now have enemies hitting you when your behind them).The armor and weapon system is atrocious, you fight a couple wolves and pigs with best armor and sword in game, then spend Hours (literally....real time) farming materials to fix it.  So no point going for the best armor/weapons as thats a joke.There is some positive points to the game the dragon, some of the enemies look kool, finding ruins as extremely scarce as they are, oh and the giants look quite cool and provide about the only rewarding fight in the game, then you get bummed out because of the hours of farming you have to do, to repair equipment used in said battle.Putting killed players head on a pike is a shallow yet rewarding experience.As there is really nothing to do other then fight denizens of the island and they ruined that, no point in buying this game for quite awhile.  I imagine they will add some content and think up a better way to have fighting then the total crap that is in there now.....until then."
,Recommended,307880,17431083,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,🅰🅽🆃 ioksidan 🍎,"The first early access indie survival game that I ever played.I don't really like 3d survival games. If I were play this by myself, I do not know what I'm gonna to say. It's still a broken game, but it's early access, so nevermind then.But thankfully, I play this game with 4 of my friends together in one room. We laughing together when we do any single things in this game. The game is broken for me, but it was treated with a sense of humor by playing it together.Even we say ""what the faking♥♥♥♥♥♥is this?!!"" but we laugh together, It's make the game being fun & cheerful. :D"
,Not Recommended,307880,18891632,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Old Gregg,About 2.5 hours of multiplayer gameplay:- Hosts left 4 times so you get to start all over again- I hit rocks and trees for awhile- UI disappeared 3 times so I got to log in and out a few times- I made axes and hammers that essentially felt exactly the sameThere was a fun feeling that was completely missing from my experience. Uninstalled until substantial changes have been made or content added.
,Recommended,307880,23294442,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,frostedjar,Better than rust!!!
,Recommended,307880,14833513,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Nekrosias,"So far great concept, however the implementation so far is sub-par for the obvious reason it is early access. Another side not it is worthwhile to look up the publisher, DigitalDNA(https://www.digitaldnagames.com/). They have a history of...below standard games. However, this game appears promising and is far more original than their earlier work. It would also be suggested that you watch a streamer(like myself) play the game and decide after seeing unedited gameplay how well this game would fit your desires.Side Note: This game just came to early access, expect frustration the likes of DayZ or far worse. The point of early access is not just money grubbing banditry, it also serves to shape the game based on reports the devs recieve,"
76561198007301342,Recommended,307880,14847047,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,[GUTS] Drev,"Played 5 hours so far, first life was a learning tool....... As of right now I'm working on my Town hall and Savage armor set to keep me warm........ I recommend this game after you get over the learning curve......"
76561198028220917,Recommended,307880,14835165,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,PlayGirl,This is a good game though i did die after first night due to not being able to relight fires but it is a good survival game.
76561198185721350,Recommended,307880,23562272,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Zombielord Ativan,"There is no other survival game on Steam that even compares to this. There are only three reasons not to get it: 1) You absolutely must have a realistic (no magic, no undead, no science fiction technologies, etc.) game; 2) you absolutely must have zombies and the skeletons, ghouls etc. in this game aren't up to your standards; 3) You are a wuss who can't handle a difficult survival game.If none of these apply, come on, under $20 and very playable despite being early access, you can't lose."
76561198007035250,Not Recommended,307880,19063705,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Bro,"Pro :* Info - Unlike almost every other survival games, this game does an excelent job at describing most craftable items and structure (descriptions/recipes/graphics). From the very first second of the game you can just open your journal, do some reading, and knows exactly from there what are the materials you need to craft whatever you want. Also it does hide some late game recipes which IMO make it interresting as well.* Game ambiance - I don't have a very good pc so i had to run the game at the lowest possible settings and still the ambiance was kinda nice and immersive. I do believe that if you bought your pc recently you can probably crank up the settings and enjoy the ambiance even more.Cons :* Grinding - I played this game for a little more than 10 hours and most of it was just me standing in front of rocks or trees holding the left mouse button while reapeatedly pressing the grab key to grab whatever would fall off from this lotery griding. I eventually got tired of it and made a script that would do the histerical clicking for me but unfortunately I still had to wait a ludocrist amount of time. I know it is realistic and a lot of peoples seems to like... waiting... considering all the positive reviews... but IMO it would be a lot funnier if the main part of the game was to ... you know... have fun ? IDK maybe I just don't get the joy of hitting rocks reapeatedly with a hammer for hours...* Most of the building are pointless - From the first house you ever build to the largest building that take 500 logs to build (that is 125 trees) there is hardly any differences between them. The cosmetic look from the outside changes but the inside is pretty much the same things for all of thems which was really a bummer for me because I actually took the few hours necessary to cut all those trees to build the best house possible just to realize that its actually pretty much the same thing as that crappy house i built the first hour of the game (it just looks different from outside... yay i guess).* Combat mechanic - This is the part that could have made this game at least fun for something but unfortunately it doesn't delivers at all. There is just nothing to it, really. Enemies just run at you untill their AI tells them they are close enough (which they generally aren't) and then they attempt to hit you. You cannot trap enemies, you cannot hide behind rocks or bushes. You cannot dodges attacks. You cannot lure a creature into being attacked by another creature (because in this game every single creature is on one side and you are on the other). You just have to stand next to your opponent and press the left mouse button until it is dead. Maybe with some works that part of the game can actually be fun but for now the only fun that can be had with combat would be in PvP.* Adventure - I tried to like this game so even if that town hall was a giant waste of time and even if the combat and griniding was boring me a lot, I though there might be some fun in exploring this island. And thus I went to an adventure, exploring, trying to find something, anything really. Unfortunately, even though this island is huge, I haven't found much even though I went from one side to the other. The island is mostly kind of flat so it is very hard to find any landmark worth exploring. In my journey I found a couple of abandonned villages which was ok but they were made of the same houses that I can build and filled by the same first tier junk that can be found everywhere which was a bit disapointing.I didn't find a heavily defended place with lots of goodies inside. I didnt find a beautiful piece of landscape to admire as most of the land is sort of flat and quite similar to the place where I first spawned. I didnt find new materials. And I didnt find this giant tree guardian thing nor did I find the dragon although I did find the huge pillar where the dragon was supposed to be which was kind of nice. I did climb on the top of that pillar but there was nothing there. It was a nice view though, 20 more of these scaterred accross the island would make this game slightly worth exploring maybe.Yet there really is not a lot of wilderness survival games out there so I am still hoping this game will turns around. Hopefully it will eventually becomes an actual game and not just a grinding simulator.Please. I really want this game to be good.I am desperate for a good wilderness survival game."
,Not Recommended,307880,19318354,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Deathy,****Read Before YOU BUY!!****If you want an Another typical Early Access survival game.With these awesome elements !!!!Player Hosted Max 8 Players Limit servers?  (Server shuts down when they got bored quit the game)No-PVP (Friendly servers only)Stupid AIPointless RunningA DRAGON !!
76561198107379442,Not Recommended,307880,18886525,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,duke.hallman,"In the current state, I would not recommend buying this game.  Like many others have stated, it has potential and will likely reach a more playable state in a few monthes, but as of now, it lacks content. You have a small list of tasks to complete that offers a decent intro to the early game survival techniques that are offered. However, this list is the last of the milestones this game has to offer. Theres a few weapons and whatnot to strive to build or craft but its simply not unique. You grind out resources to obtain simple objects that you can use to kill random creatures and then yu are out of goals. You've beat the game. Of course this can mostly be attributed to early-access.Additionally, the graphics of this game lack optimization. Even on the lowest setting, the game hogged a lot of memory and would constantly lag. Without proper rendering optimizations, the game is currently unplayable."
76561198014636228,Not Recommended,307880,25102253,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,potikoutlaw,great game alot fun only bad thing is it dont run hardly at all ! FPS is so bad ! im using a i7 4790k clock at 4.6 and a gtx 980ti sc card with 16 gb of ram ! and yet its the only game to run like crap i ever played yet look not the great !
,Recommended,307880,14761311,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,WassySK,Survival in skyrim
76561198095180988,Recommended,307880,28879136,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Eendi,I was enjoying it for many hours... until i kept on getting freaking stuck in every damn thing.
,Recommended,307880,17419694,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,◬SlayerWasp,"My rating, 10/10 IGN game of the year.Reason:Day 1, started building a base and gathering resourcesFound a deserted townFought a SkeletonLooted the placeSaw jumping out of the corner of my eyeTurned to see a guy in armor and armed with a metal axeMan said:""Hello! Can we be friends?""I said:""You can just join my hosted game like that!?""Man said:""Yes I can, now can we be friends, I don't want to fight you.""I said:""Hang on."" (pretended to afk)Man said:""Ok."" (runs up to me and turns the other way after looking me over.)Then I started to hack and slash away at him with an axe.The man then proceeded to say...""WAIT STOP, WE CAN BE FRIENDS!! NO I AM DYING! I AM ONLY 7 YEARS OLD!""I then proceeded to swing faster until he died, started crying over the lonliness factor I am now faced with, and then I ran away with the loot.Looking down into the event box, he left...Day 2...."
,Recommended,307880,14817431,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ALvl4Ninja,"2 steps forward 1 step back, you always have to be working towards your survival. No time to waste in this game otherwise you are dead. And good luck surviving your first night, and really any night for that matter lol. And yes it is possible.Look forward to seeing what else they stick in here but as is there are some bugs, however dispite this the game is still great in its current condition. Just needs some minor tweaking done."
,Recommended,307880,20741770,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Omae wa mou Shindeiru,"Erhnm wat do I say, this game have good graphics which I like it very much. (Cause I'm a graphic ♥♥♥♥♥)."
76561198090975986,Recommended,307880,17419314,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Matt Damon,"Things I learnt that would help me irl;1. Trees get chopped into perfect logs if I cut it enough.2. Running behind a deer like a crazy axe man will not scare the deer.3. I will get lost / freeze to the death / get eaten alive by wolves when I try to hunt during the night.4. Eating Rotten Meat is probably not the best solution to stave off hunger.5. Punching Boars don't scare them off.In the end still an enjoyable game so far and will continue playing it. Highly recommend to those who want to have a Survivor/Skyrim Feeling to a game. No Fus Ro Dah though.*Edit* As I continued to play, I noticed some things that'd be cool if you could fix;1. When you build a house, if you can either have a floor built along with the house or if you can clear the shrub from the floor. I just find it weird to have shrub on the floor of your house.2. If you can maybe increase the stack of wood log or human skulls by a bit. Having a stack of two of logs or just one human skull each slot easily fills up those bags.3. Expansion of buildings / miscellaneous that you can make.4. Not much a fix, but a small idea some people might like. Just adding a date or a daily reminder of how long you've survived so far. Like as each day shows the Month/Day/Year or Day 2/Night2.Nothing major to complain about. Still living large in my Stone House."
,Recommended,307880,25517171,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,BucketOfDucks,I watched the dev stream and spammed top hat I got drawn a were squid wearing a top hat whilst riding Rudolph11/10 would lick a squid again(Picture THEY DREW Herehttp://prnt.sc/cigmjl)
,Recommended,307880,33028950,Posted: 30 June,all,CBSleep,Good times with bad friends 7o7
76561197961990268,Not Recommended,307880,31987114,Posted: 26 May,all,Byshop,Game has been abandoned for months now.  Not in a playable state.
,Not Recommended,307880,25254923,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,☹ L A N O I T O M E ☹,"Gets repetittive, and I can no longer run it on 32 bit (could run it before) and no sign of a reply after I sent an email explaining the issue. Thanks for taking away my game."
76561198158819321,Not Recommended,307880,28293251,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,jacob.bootyhunter,This game made me hate myself and sent me on a downward spiral of substance abuse which led me to selling myself on the street. Thanks savage lands.
76561198242897102,Not Recommended,307880,22815935,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Hackedshooter,Almost broke my labtop  . . . your update is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ . . .. . . also update the system requirements
,Not Recommended,307880,21423225,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,9Tnine,"its alright, not enough to the game yet. wait for them to add some stuff. world feels empty, no caves. buildings are very basic. cant dig or build onto buildings just make the same things in diffferent spots."
76561198092332873,Not Recommended,307880,29507110,Posted: 26 January,all,[FeAsT] Count Chubby Landshark,I'd rather have Ascend: Hand of Kul back than this.Listen to me devs.
76561198028231712,Recommended,307880,16425929,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Flemeth,THIS IS A FANTASTIC GAME AND EVERYONE SHOULD BUY IT BUT I BOUGHT IT FOR $15 ABOUT 12 SECONDS BEFORE IT WENT ON FLASH SALE FOR $10.
,Not Recommended,307880,22212055,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,Love the graphical glitches!
76561198041681175,Recommended,307880,21977985,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Zero,"very promising but I wish this game to strive above other survival game, since other ones are going to be forever beta or alpha"
76561197982877381,Recommended,307880,15353418,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Dethstarr,"Really liking this game.  Has a very spartan feel which is consistent. You literally feel like your stuck on this island alone and must find a way to survive and surviving isnt easy.It has the foundations of a really good game and it is enjoyable to play as it is for a while.  As development goes on new depth is added.   The crafting is fun and rewarding and it just needs more of the same added to really hit the mark.A good game, very enjoyable and at present  new content is being regularly added.Most importantly, my main bugbear with any game has been resolved.  Field of view has been sorted.  Very nice it is too.EDIT - A long way in reinstalled and started playing again to see how the games is progressing and it did not disappoint. A much deeper experience, a huge increase in content, attention to detail and the overall feel of the game.Well worth buying but beware of some catastrophic bugs (get stuck in scenery a lot) and terrible performance (particularly on last island) It is Early Access....."
76561197973605843,Not Recommended,307880,20015328,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Malsqueek,"I like the theme of Savage Lands, and there are systems in the game like the collect-and-build-over-time construction which I think are really well done, but all in all this game needs to become FAR better before it leaves Early Access.I've had this for several months, and keep trying to like it but just can't.Pros:* Building construction mechanic (also neccesary with the really terrible inventory)* ThemeCons:* Looks and Feels like a PC game from the early 2000's. Clunky controls, robotic animations, horrible aiming, no combat ""hit"" feedback when you are hit* Inventory is slot-based and not weight based, which leads to really bad ""can't pick up a handful of berries because you have three bandages and a small bundle of sticks"" management* Logs all are pulled inexorably towards the sea. Heaven help you if you have three bandages and a handful of berries and try to chop down a treeI'll keep an eye on this title and see what it looks like when it releases, but at this point there are at least two other survival games doing it right, and this ain't one."
76561197971583513,Recommended,307880,18027015,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Harry Mckay,"Only played Single Player so far, but it's quite enjoyable. The crafting takes a bit of getting used to, but once you do, it's pretty intuitive. Combat is fairly basic, but not annoyingly so. The ability to bring your character into multiple worlds with his inventory intact is really nice!And that dragon is pretty scary!Definitely needs a crouch abilty, though. And the hunger stat needs tweaking, goes down a bit too fast."
76561198049922703,Not Recommended,307880,23185350,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,[DD] Greenskin,When you coose the bad resolution you cant play the game anymore cause your not able to chenge it again
,Recommended,307880,17628049,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Kiefleb,my copy dosent even load the sundered isles good game but dosent load to well on not primarily game pc's
76561198212809965,Recommended,307880,18401577,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Mr.Allomosexy  (つ°ヮ°)つ,Got in ate some berrys climbed a tower realized some roaring kept going creepy as dragon on top AND I diedGAME OF THE YEAR 10/10 IGN
76561198165038616,Recommended,307880,18869574,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,mr.madcurry,"Got this game becuase it was only $9 and I have been meaning to play a survival game. Although this game is lack luster, it  is still in Alpha and I agree with the negative comments but I am very optimistic about this game. It will improve and I believe it can.So thumbs up for now."
,Recommended,307880,23218189,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,[]SIDDY[],7/10
76561198162545953,Recommended,307880,17388188,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,JJ,"Its an amazzing game, very atmospheric and has a wild adventure.I never got the full experience of the game becouse i have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop :(But i tried playing it for acouple hours and it was still amazing."
,Recommended,307880,21692556,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,bleckers,epic gamefreeze to deathstarve to deaththen died from a tree **'still a lot of work but it's coming along nicely
76561198116224798,Not Recommended,307880,30575792,Posted: 17 March,all,Truscott,Kind of boring.
,Recommended,307880,22309864,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,LudentisGames,This game went from 32 bit and runnable to 64 bit and a waste of money.:(I still reccomend tho
,Not Recommended,307880,29262320,Posted: 14 January,all,EggyPlanet,♥♥♥♥♥game doesnt work.
,Not Recommended,307880,29437008,Posted: 22 January,all,AeroLion,Simply horrible. Looking around is not your regular axis swift movements. Its actually commands to move the camera everytime the mouse is sensed.
76561198155308414,Not Recommended,307880,29553984,Posted: 28 January,all,King Bob,Lazy♥♥♥♥♥devs that dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the people who buy it and only want money
,Not Recommended,307880,31940130,Posted: 24 May,all,Katphish,The devs should go do something they're actually good at.
,Not Recommended,307880,22741671,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,mark,"I have a 27"" iMac, with 32GB RAM, 3.4 GHz Intel Core i7 and NVIDIA GeForce GTX 680MX 2048 MB. Still this game will not run properly. It is so incredibly slow that it is useless. I would certainly not recommend this game to anyone, unless you have tried it on another machine the same as yours, without incurring any issues."
76561197960964091,Not Recommended,307880,18900019,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,RevMortis,"The game shows good promise, and is interesting with some nice progression and good atmosphere.Why the neagive review then?  Theres a major gamebreaking flaw in the design.  Limited resources.Note:  there is the immersion breaking and outright cheaty workaround.You can wipe the server and move your character from world to new world,   You'll have to rebuild all the buildings every single time OR spawn a new world, loot it for resources, and take it all back to the ""real"" game world.If you don't use the workaround, your character will peak and then spend a precipitous dive back to the stone age and then die when everything is gone.All the forests gone,The Stone/ore nodes gone.The flint used.You will be forced to survive on loot and vilage respawns.butNo more cooking fires because you cant get wood or flint.You then die of starvation after surviving against all these critters and undead baddies.Why? Not because there isn't food to eat.  It'll be because  you can't cook your food.Game over, the end.You lose.You will die in just a few (realtime) days of gameplay on that first map.On the upside you get to starve sooner if you play with friends (you'll collectively be using the resources faster) .Bottom line, I'd wait for some resource respawn mechanic before you invest in this game. After it's in, Go for it."
,Not Recommended,307880,27881124,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ILLISET,"This can has potential to be great.Let me explain why it is not...-Combat is slow and not fluid (Nothing like ARK)-They could go a step further with crafting (You're never going to build your dream fortress in this game)-Its WAY too easy (half of the enemies don't even move because they are so bugged-It doesn't take much time to be able to do just about everythingAll in all, this game feels like a Viking version of Diablo 2 in an FPS POV.  Everything about my last sentence sounds so awesoem to me! Which is why it actually causes me physical pain to not recommend this game.  I'm not sure if the developers are busy working on it or not but if they were smart they would continue to progress this game to it's full potential.I'll be keeping an eye out for extreme improvements but until then, I cannot recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,307880,19284581,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Pharap,"I'm sad to say I cannot recommend this.I dare say it's not even worth the £5 on sale.The game itself is no where near as impressive as the trailer and screenshots would have you believe.The atmosphere is bland, animals are scarce, the only sound is the ambient noise of wind and nonexsistant birds.Movement feels awkward, as if the character is trying to resist sidestepping.Items are small and hard to pick up, the fact that certain items can only be built from the journal rather than the crafting area is counter-intuitive."
76561198032383695,Not Recommended,307880,21770333,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,sappereagle36,Was disappointed with the game. The texture and graphics are awesome but its clunky and boring. There's really nothing to do but chop wood and build random items. And the items you can build are set they dont give you room to create. After playing a game Empyrion Galactic survival where everything is survival and craftable to your imagination it puts games like this to shame and make them look shallow.
,Not Recommended,307880,20795548,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Evil Scotsman,"worst ""open world"" game I have ever played. Little to no content very small servers and silly AI"
76561198178479517,Not Recommended,307880,24272901,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,cycc,"i just wanted my money back asap when i played it a while ago , ive been extremely picky now when it comes to early access games because of games like these. u couldnt possibly recommend this game at all . bewarned too about any games dont play more than 30 mins! other wise you cant get it refunded."
76561198050719425,Not Recommended,307880,22986269,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,TheWizard,"Raging fire, still die due to cold on day 1. WTF are these game devs thinking lately?♥♥♥♥♥em."
,Not Recommended,307880,29341461,Posted: 18 January,all,KnivesSurvives,I want my money back
76561198078976677,Not Recommended,307880,34171548,Posted: 11 August,all,99% luck,trash
,Recommended,307880,34706442,Posted: 3 September,all,Groupy,"A game that continues to be neglected by it's developers. I cannot recommend buying it at full price due to the lack of content, but don't resist the urge in trying something new if you get the itch. I can assure you, you'll enjoy it...just not for very long. The possibilities for Savage Lands are endless, but I'm beginning to question whether or not the devs can see that.Just keep in mind, ""There's no holding your hand in this one.""7/10"
76561198148968011,Recommended,307880,33800052,Posted: 25 July,all,Huntsman,i must say first off all the game seems to be on a very long pause. its a fun little game to play when you dont want the realy hard core survival pvp and just want a pve survival game to play with a few friends. with that said i dont think it is the best way to spend your money and there are better games out there but i have hopes that it will get better and the devs will work on it more. the game has come a long way with many good past updates but if the devs cant come back and work on it with in the next few months it will be 100% abandond.
76561198081979548,Recommended,307880,17398488,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Waske,10/10 Would chase trees downhill again.
,Not Recommended,307880,32051827,Posted: 29 May,all,lil will,here's my SAVAGE take on this game: it sucks
76561198138585582,Recommended,307880,15000106,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Trump=Almighty,Made axe walk up hill see dragon.. quit game 420/20
,Not Recommended,307880,31532474,Posted: 3 May,all,fidgitswift,"Oh, dun do it.They haven't updated it since I bought it over a year ago.They never will.Move along."
,Not Recommended,307880,29958431,Posted: 16 February,all,Covahkron,"buggy broken, boring."
76561198041493152,Recommended,307880,18904240,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,NyuuKnight,"game kept crashin my computer so had to refund it, but other wise good game play... woulda been nice to play longer then 10 minutes at a time. but in those short momments i was able to collect a fe resources ... build a fire, first shelter... kill and be killed by enemys, loot metal armor off dead enemys, find a really strong ""spiked human skull mace"" that really kicked butt.8/10 woulda been 10 except for the Sfx not sounding right ... and the computer crashing"
,Recommended,307880,18908870,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,AZ_Integer,F
76561198071562892,Recommended,307880,18877188,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Gammer112,One importatn thing before buy this gameThis game is epick and you maybe won't handel it awesomnesWhy I like the game ?1. It have fuc*ing Dragon looks epick and epick models2. Not laggy and have good graph when it weight like 500 MB3. Awesome building ( I would be happiest if we get caves and we can build in it AND deffeding walls)4. Over all games just coolSOOOOOOOOOOOOits eraly acces and its epic already so keep the good work devs and u support them coz they deserv it
76561198153305091,Recommended,307880,28538037,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TheBigOne,"I liked the game. When i first played it i didnt know what to do, but the steps were fairly simple and there were people to help me. So i bought my friend the game because he wanted, sadly his computer couldn't handle it. Then when he wanted to refund it, it didnt work so i tryed and it didnt work. We read that we couldn't refund it so he just kept it. Then when i got my new computer it was gone from my steam games, and i didnt get the money back either"
76561198052303834,Not Recommended,307880,33671746,Posted: 20 July,all,kaelaussie,No sound on Windows 10 PC.  All other games work fine on the PC.
,Not Recommended,307880,33233523,Posted: 4 July,all,allanbigguy,"Do Not BUY,please do not BUY,this used to be a great game now it is just HORRIBLE"
76561197996379040,Recommended,307880,25262340,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,thespyder42,Fantastic game!! Highly reccomend and super excited for it to launch.. best pre-release game ever..
76561198045254196,Recommended,307880,25058512,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Prysin,interesting game. Challenging but monotonus
76561198058722507,Recommended,307880,30039871,Posted: 19 February,all,Slathe,Killed my friendship
76561198280408003,Recommended,307880,30060909,Posted: 20 February,all,cornflakes,"As an early access game, I do believe that this game has great potential, this game is off to a great start. If you are into sandbox games that are somewhat challengeing, I recommend this game greatly. Also if you complain about the graphics try turning down the resolution. In all this game is in ""early access"" this means that the game is still in beta and is still being worked on so therefor it isnt going to be perfect and have some glicthes."
,Recommended,307880,29967716,Posted: 16 February,all,Dinoco,Graphics might be hard for some computers but I play on a laptop and play like normal. I've never played a survival game as good as this even though it's new - it's unique and amazing - it's a challenge and exciting
,Not Recommended,307880,25279028,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,dinorice,Dead gameDead devsThe second one isn't actually true but I wish it was
76561198113067219,Not Recommended,307880,22294950,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Moresoysauce,Game refuses to let me load in no matter how many times ive restarted my comp or redownloaded it
,Not Recommended,307880,31729310,Posted: 13 May,all,WombRaider,one of the games i regret buying dont botherget the forest or something
,Not Recommended,307880,32163358,Posted: 3 June,all,rock0head132,Too bad it could have been to be  a good game. steam needs to pull the abandoned games off the store page
76561198037654414,Not Recommended,307880,32949313,Posted: 28 June,all,christopheralanrose,"Abandoned - play 7 Days to Die, you'll thank me."
,Not Recommended,307880,18901219,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Jorah Mormont,The game is not finished of course. But when it is and they get rid of the bugs it will be a fantastic game. I love everything about it. Besides that it feels like its lagging but it isnt. And the mouse movement isnt that great. But overall i give this a 10/10
,Not Recommended,307880,22642223,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ButtonedSquare1,boring and pointless
76561198071984500,Not Recommended,307880,24833190,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,vorbmage,"I used to play this and had high hopes for it but got bored with it. A few months ago I updated my system and thought I'd give it another try. The game crashed after a few seconds every time I tried to restart it. I made sure all my drivers were up to date including Java. Again I got frustrated with it and uninstalled it. Today I thought, what the hell, I'll try it again. Same issues. I don't have this issue with other games. Hell, I've been playing Ark for months without a problem with the graphics at medium settings.I would NOT recommend wasting your money on this one."
,Not Recommended,307880,25990822,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Krustonian,"This game will give your pc aids... I'm hiting 150+ FPS in Doom with Ultra settings but this game can't break 30 fps. Fix your game,  or atleast the performance."
,Not Recommended,307880,28086834,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[2dank]Genkiriel Catmurr,"This game is bad, wish I could refund it but I had forgotten that I had the game so I couldn't get a refund."
76561198064122781,Not Recommended,307880,22457782,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,DoGgs,"Looks and feels promising, but the micro pauses kill the current experience for me...so annoying, best to wait for more optimisation before purchasing.Updated:  Yet another piece of crap abandonware, game sucked, developers suck...why is it still on sale...get this crap off and ban them from releasing anything further...joke!"
,Not Recommended,307880,25950356,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,(SunBro) Vanguard Gaming,"The game isn't optimised for windows 10, the game chugs really hard"
76561198322089789,Recommended,307880,25226457,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,MissMurder,"I absolutely love this game. I cant comprehend why the user review is somewhat negative. The game is awesome. I got chills on every encounter, and just when you thought you found a good village to make your camp.. Surrounded by walls.. You thought you will be safe.. Night comes.. Suddenly you're surrounded by this ghostly spirit skeletons..I've never peed in my pants this much before..Only downside is I cant find a multiplayer game :( nobody plays in my region.. I hope they will open it worldwide :("
76561198026065421,Recommended,307880,23717520,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Lemon 84,"This is very Entertaining, Sword Art Online Early Version!"
,Recommended,307880,14751939,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Juzzex,Not bad for an alpha game i hope it gets better and better with every update !8/10 for now :)
,Recommended,307880,14753858,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Rangerlump,Fun!
,Recommended,307880,14754882,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Lost,"I Like the Start so far. To Me it has Stomping lands, The Forest , Castle Z Miner ( Tower with Dragon), Join up with The Elder Scrolls. I have bought it in good faith ( They have made other sound games) . I have played it as much as I can for the time being ( will wait for fires to at least be fixed and the getting cold gets toned down or we can easily make some very simple cloth/fur gear to atleast take the edge off) What I have played and seen are both amazing and give you a real sense of earning your keep on that little world. So for me they are in the right direction. I dont want the big easy button and I dont want to waste the few hours I do have to play in the evening to be spent just trying to make it to my next meal. I want to be able to streatch my legs a little and be go just explore not just run in a planned route so I know about the time I hit the next village The loot should have repopped and I can have my next torch and meal.What that being said I really do hope they steer off the basic survival couse a little and amaze us with some unique twist on the genre. I want a Dying Light in regards to the solid story line ( or focal point they choose) Game play that keeps me on my toes Etc.. Etc.. No I dont want to see any dam Zombies though!! I have had enough of those!All and All, I am pleased with my purchase up to this point in regards to this being my Taste test to what may come. And yes It was very tastey! Keep up the Great work Devs, There are many large hurdles and a lot of miles on the road ahead of you, Best of Luck and Keep up the great communication and progress!Cheers!"
,Recommended,307880,14753344,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,C4xo0xY,How will you die?
76561198017380989,Recommended,307880,14752613,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,djlottawa,"So far love th is game. No dedicated servers unless someone is running one, but you can run your own or play locally.Can see lots of potential for this game. It is Alpha so don't get this thinking it's a full fledge running game because it isn't."
,Recommended,307880,25123491,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,TheOnlyHeero,"Love this Game, its exciting to play and fun to explore. if you play with friends it only gets better. still haven't slayed the dragon but thats our goal. for the price and gameplay value, totaly worth every penny."
76561198010031697,Not Recommended,307880,14778782,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Spectreye,"For the moment this game sucks.I hope the next update will make him fun cause actually it's not.I'ts a large waste of time.Why ?-Hit box are ♥♥♥♥ed as hell-There is no way to get food than hunt or found sometimes a little something (apple or nut) by luck-You cannot relight the fire-When you die you respawn with nothing-No way to make tool other than hunting (Use some herbs or anything else !)-Hunting is hard when you got nothing and it's pretty impossible to survive with nothing.-Night last forever.Really i mean it.-Environment is alway the same, please put a minimap or something you can explore.-The tool break to fastly.-You starve very easilly.And i would like to say there are good thing inside... there are probably sure, but... All the things above make this game unenjoyable and that's sad cause at first look it was very attractive.Well i know it's an early acces. But this game is so unbalanced even for an early access.Definitly, DON'T BUY IT NOW."
,Not Recommended,307880,14787141,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Holly King,"UI is clunky and mechanics are poorly explained.  Combat is about as basic as it gets, a throwback to what was available over a decade ago.  If you've played any of the other games where you wake up naked and have to gather up rocks and twigs to make stuff so you can make more stuff, you've already played this too.  Hopefully as the game progresses it will be worth playing, but as an EA title, there's nothing particularly revealing, innovative, addictive or interesting about the Savage Lands."
76561198010427350,Not Recommended,307880,17412306,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Attackimkimone,"Everything about this game was crap.Don't let the screenshots fool you, this game looks like it was made 10 years ago.The fighting? crapEnemies? crapCrafting? crapThe only thing they got going for this is the world, it's a pretty uniqe place but that's it."
76561198032457061,Recommended,307880,14831748,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,ShinyOrangePepper,"Freeze to death simulator!10/10 would freeze to death again!Starve to death simulator!!11/10 would starve to death again!Bleed to death simulator!!!12/10 would bleed to death again!Awesome, must die, game!(oh, and you can build stuff too, I guess...)  ;-)-----------------------------------------------------------------EDIT:I want to say at this point, this is by far the best Early Access game that I've ever bought.  Seriously worth the money hands down.The developers are constantly updating on a weekly (or more) basis.  They have a weekly twitch stream where they ACTUALLY LISTEN to the people and give feedback about upcoming tweaks/mechanics.The community is really awesome and helpful and it seems like to me, everyone who gets this game gets really involved in the process.  Seriously, these people are more like an extended family than just a group of gamers and a dev team.I love this game!If I could only own 3 games on steam, this would be one of them."
76561198043861660,Recommended,307880,34717302,Posted: 3 September,all,Drakn Stagson,"I really enjoyed this game. That was a couple years ago at this point, but seeing all the negative reviews being thrown around becasue people are dumb inspired me to write this review.Game is an EARLY ACCESS (Not the emphasis there) gem. The single player is stable, if a little wonky, and the multiplayer works. My bother and I got 20 hours out of it in a week, so there is stuff to do and it can be fun.I'm a patient gamer, I will wait for this gem to be released, in any state, and look forward to upgrading my computer to run it more smoothly."
76561198080575857,Not Recommended,307880,17421128,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Chaotic,"(dont take this comment serious now. the game has had updateas and i will re-do my review when i play again, got a pc now so preformance should be at its best)i have not played this long at all so this is a ver quick and easy first look review, (it only woth 6 pound not the full price)pros that ive found soo far:-nice atmosphere-can create your own server-easy crafting-useful in game guide-shows you a where you last diedcons that ive found soo far-poorly optimised-slightly dissapointing combat-isnt really hard-isnt worth full price, not by a long shothope this helped if you are thinking about buying it, ive only played 0.5 hours but i couldnt play anymore as it isnt optimised at all so kind of unpleasent to play at the moment, BUT i will surely play once they have added a few more updates. COME ON DEVS! OPTIMISE IT BETTER!!"
76561198006531965,Not Recommended,307880,16005388,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,c0alblack,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.there is nothing to do, there is no objective. see my hours played? 2 hours were ""surviving and crafting"" the rest was trying desperately to find something to do. its a small round island with 4 ruined villages of @ 4 houses apiece and a dragon you cant kill.I have no idea how this game has so many positive reviews. they can only be from proxy accounts created by the developer.DO NOT BUY !"
76561198109446343,Not Recommended,307880,20474207,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,The Lazy Gamer,For now the world seems too empty for my taste sorry.  but amazing world anyway so 5/10
76561197966150384,Not Recommended,307880,19814885,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,starburner12345,"I don't write reviews, but this game disappoints me so much that i must, because it has/had so much potential.Starts off strong, for the first 9 hours I had lots of fun, but then after some hut building, some mob fighting, and exploring, it was all done, simply endless repetition from then on.Then there's the crazy slow updates which are minor, just makes me angry.Maybe it's better when playing with friends, but i'm not gonna recommend my friends pay for this game."
76561198146102422,Not Recommended,307880,16004916,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Saint Cancer,This game is broken and glitchy in so many ways I can't even count. DON'T buy this game until its fixed! However it's premise is somewhat interesting and the crafting is okay. But other than that this game is a glitchfest and I recommend you buy the forest instead.
,Not Recommended,307880,18897935,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Frantic Matty,runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and nothing to do
76561198039164273,Not Recommended,307880,20778878,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,"""Ironwolf""","purchased, no servers to play on. Server I played on was set to friendly, no pvp. Only one pvp server open and it was passworded. Game ran nice, Good graphics, but.....experience wise ....meh. Refunded 25 min in."
76561198068439332,Not Recommended,307880,17410771,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Ludwig Schwarzhelm,"Eventually, but not in its current state. when progress is made it will be more playable."
76561198009489462,Not Recommended,307880,18896329,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,JimmyZ,I get the idea behind the game but you tend to die quite a bit.  It lends for a very frustrating experience.  Hope they make some changes before the roll out the full game.
76561197999949586,Not Recommended,307880,18684057,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,sounderclown,"--Early access taken into consideration--  Until there is more content, there should be WAY more drops and you should live longer for testing purposes.  No ability to navigate back to your base camp.  Random spawning since it is too difficult to build a spawn post in the time before you die.  Hopefully the new island makes a difference.  Maybe there will be different weather or something.  Right now (Oct, 2015)  Still hugely lacking."
,Not Recommended,307880,17424868,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Gunny,"Update: Dev comments are below if you want to read them.The game needs work. That much is for sure. Starting out like a normal open world survival game, you're naked on a beach and need to get moving. The game doesn't really introduce you to many elements so a lot of it is open to intrepation which I think isn't that good of an idea. Bigger games like DayZ and Rust do this and it's annoying too.While you're out and about you will slowly start to get colder. If you don't eat cooked meat, warm yourself by a fire, or finding furs to wear. I think it's a really good feature that a lot of other games skip over or don't try to repeat in a different fashion.In terms of the world there is no map so it's find your way around landmarks and other things to figure everything out. It doesn't seem to be that big. I walked for about 3 or so minutes and was at the edge of the map from where I spawned on the beach. In the center of the map there is a giant tower with a Dragon atop it but I never could figure out how to climb it.The combat is VERY BASIC. To win any fight all you need to do is attack, side step, attack, side step, repeat until dead. I was able to do this with my fists, an axe and even a mace no problem.The game has promise, yes. Though honestly, I don't think buying the game right now in it's current state is worth it. I hope though I could be proven wrong and this game turns out good but until then I'd just avoid. If this kind of game intrests you just mod Skyrim with Frostfall and Cloaks of Tamerial."
76561198044912214,Recommended,307880,18031668,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Aspire,"cant even start the game HELP getting this error ""This game encountered an error InvalidOperationException Version:0.8.0.18009. Please help.."
,Recommended,307880,16712056,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Mad-Cat,VERY BAD ON MAC DO NOT GET IF U HAVE A MAC
76561198083682394,Recommended,307880,28626774,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ＴｏｍｍｙＧｒｏｉｎ,Me and a friend decided to give this game another try after playing every update since release... to sum our experience up we got in and the game wouldn't load... but when it did we realized the cancerous animal noises slowly killed us but before we could die to that we froze to death because.. well that's just the name of the game. oh yea and we could have easily made a fire but we were stuck at 30 fps and on top of the garbage fps we found a boat.. giving the game a chance to be good we got in the boat just to find out that the boat was actually a trap and we got stuck inside of it not allowing us to move anymore and if it were not for the 2 buttons that rhyme with walt and left door.. well we would have froze to death. this game is definitely worth trying and 100% worth your time anyone wanting to give this game a chance would probably have a better time playing tetris with a fork in their left eye and an eye patch over the other. 10/10 wouldn't ever play that garbage game again. P.S. The first release of the game was better than any version thats been release.. the game is getting worse and worse and on that note i think the devs are doing a really really great job! Keep pumping out those updates!! :D
,Not Recommended,307880,17430964,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,madSimon,"Too early to consider recommending. This game plays like many other ""survival"" games. It's a sandbox that they tack on ""hunger"" and ""cold"" bars, but there's not much to do.Mining is the main grind in the game, which leaves you hunting around the map for rock formations, because each one will only give so many resources. Crafting requires a stupid amount of coal, which you can only get from mining (always a fun grind).""Hunting"" deer is (no joke) walking up slowly behind them and hitting them with a weapon. You can craft a ""Long Bow"" later, but it's not much better.It's a small development studio, so it's not likely this will mature into something great, but if you and your buddies want to mess around with another sandbox engine it can be had cheap on sale."
76561197983045052,Recommended,307880,31150347,Posted: 14 April,all,Archer,"Game came out in a time when survival games were flooding the steam market. This game is fun, and doesn't coddle you like a lot of games out nowadays. It tried to do more than simply gathering resources. There is a world here for anyone who cares to pay attention. Despite so many negative reviews, the game has not been abandoned. It is fun single player, but it shines in multiplayer. If you have 15 bucks and are looking for a good survival game with more substance than most, I recommend this game."
76561197970379595,Not Recommended,307880,26645772,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kruler,"Clunky and well thats covers it, every aspect of the game is clunky it has very low updates and feels unloved on so many levels."
76561198144244314,Not Recommended,307880,17137978,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,averagebear,"The game is a typical cookie cutter survival game, if you played ""The Forest"" or ""Rust"" you can skip this one, it offers nothing. It is too bare bones to enjoy right now, and seeing how slow the game is being developed I highly doubt it will ever go beyond that."
,Not Recommended,307880,17449784,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Blaze_E6,"I got this game just like every other early access survival game, but i have come back to it several times and i just cant recommend this game. Feels very sluggish, crafting isnt great, looks very average. i want this game to become more but right now? no i cant say buy it.4/10"
,Recommended,307880,29138635,Posted: 9 January,all,Peter from Whole Foods,"""Savage Lands"" Refers to the protagonist Toby's homeland of West Africa where you must toil for the first half of the game in a harsh, unforgiving wasteland before being rescued by foreigners and brought to the idyllic endgame where you are fed, housed and civilized in exchange for manual labor."
76561198254607920,Recommended,307880,18808535,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Cereal-Killer,"Good game.until now still laggy, btw this game is good but it seems now is abandoned."
76561198003463903,Not Recommended,307880,15146981,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Here comes the violence!,This game is like a bad edition of Rust... Do yourselves a favour; don't buy it.
76561198038937222,Not Recommended,307880,17416313,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,VinceWade,"This game has a LONG WAY to go. BUT there is potential if the devs really work hard. The crafting system is interesting and the environment could be amazing when finished. The combat is nothing special at the moment, point and click. The textures and frame rate are horrid thus far. Oh and the deer look like Kangaroos on four legs. Give it a while and come back. Like two years..."
76561198037994256,Not Recommended,307880,18006896,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,HaltWhoGoesThere,"When I saw that there was a survival game based onvikingsmy immediate reaction was ""Hell Yeah!"", I mean come on, how can you go wrong.... Well it turns out you can go wrongThe atmosphere was really nice to begin with and I had fun for the first few hours or so before the flaws started really coming through.Pros:Good atmosphere,for the first while anyway.Multiplayer worked,surprising how often this is a problem for me.Cons:Very little content,even for an early access game it feels empty.Grindy mechanics with very little reward,spend 45 minute chopping down trees to make a house 50% bigger than your living room.Crappy combat,just attack while walking backwards to win, first time, every time.Slow updates,I expected more progress to be made, but over about two to three months there has been only one major addition, and that was last weeklooking at the patch log I realise that this is not as true as I thought it was and there has been a fair amount of progress in the last while.Overall it is a game that could have been great, but falls short in so many ways. This coupled with the lack of any noticeable progress in updating the game fits this firmly intonot recommendedby me, anyway.EDIT: I will admit that I did get a good deal of enjoyment out of this game. However I still can not recommend it unless you a serious survival game buff or have someone to enjoy the game with.It still feels like an empty world to me, out of my 18 hours about half of them were chopping down trees or standing in front of boulders gathering materials to build this or that with (would normally be fine but I never was satisfied with what I produced, every building was inferior to the forge and rare armor would be handy if there was more things to use it on). While there is an impressive amount of items to craft, most of them are very similar to others in the stat department making them feel more like skins than individual, unique weapons and armor. The combat was perhaps my largest disappointment, being shallow and lackluster, I actually reached a point where I would fight off any stray skeletons or wolves with a hammer to avoid damaging my harder to craft weapons.I recommend only picking this up on sale unless you know exactly what you will be getting out of it."
,Not Recommended,307880,16016423,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Tallon Zek,"This game is far from complete. Some cool monsters, but not enough of the cool ones, and WAY to many of the dumb ones.Making gear seems useless! I made a full set of the cold resist (wolf hide) gear and I still took loads of cold damage just from the environment. Fighting common enemies like wolves and skeletons the armor doesn't seem to last long at all which sucks because it isn't easy to craft. And gathering certain necessary materials is difficult, like sinew, and ores.The crafting system is weird, there are two different crafting menus, and making simple items can be difficult. And mining takes forever with very little reward. Most items including Ores only stack to 5. When making items that take 10-20 ores you will constantly fill up your bags.The terrain is very lack luster and repetative. There are some villages that make it interesting, but for the most part you're always just looking at snow covered ground and dying bushes.Edit: It's been almost a year and this game is still trash...save your money."
76561198114265776,Not Recommended,307880,17279961,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,StarPlatinum,"This game is quite boring and lacking in content. If you want to buy it, I recommend waiting till the game is out of early access or completed."
,Recommended,307880,15893960,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Floppy Pudding,"Is it only snow places? If it's not, can you tell me how to make it not snowy 24/7"
,Not Recommended,307880,17401655,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Alliedwar,"The game is a lot like the Forest. Now that can either be a complaint or a compliment depending on how you look at it. Yes, there are some bugs in the game and the game itself is really lacking in content or a clear path; but, what it does right it does pretty well. I just can't really recommend it since the game really feels like the first level demo of a game at this point with the lack of content in the game."
76561198052334917,Not Recommended,307880,24513954,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Vai,"I like the game, I really do, but the spawn are frustrating for a single player. I managed to get a steel weapon on the starting island by scavenging a building, but realistically, no bueno for most people.If you got a group of friends that want to roll through this brutal little place together, you will enjoy it. Single players will have to scavenge/score materials that are not normally available for the area in order to comfortably kill the critters. It's ridiculous that the Devourer has youtube videos recommending all steel or silver weapons to kill it, when it is in an area that spawns tin."
76561197974525911,Not Recommended,307880,17431111,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,muixa,"Meh...In a world with so many sandbox  survival games, this one just doesn't shine.The most compelling thing about the game is the setting.   I thought i'd at least enjoy the exploration aspects.The problem is that exploring is very difficult and no so rewarding.Mobs seem to come out of nowhere, and you mostly cannot out run them.Getting revent on stuff that killed you is tricky too, sinc again, the mobs wonder off before you get back to where you died. Also, the combat is really clunky, like worse than MineCraft (how could it be, maybe just bad animation/ visual feedback?)If you manage to avoid the backstabbing mobs, there is an exposure mechanic, which means you tend to die before you can get terribly far from your home/spawn.You can't really carry enough supplies , and I couldn't find any local containers were I could deposit materials.   Gathering anything besides wood was really tricky, and required you just ""find it on the ground"".This makes building a ""camp"" a real PITA.   (At least make wood stack more than 3 at a time...)In the end this game  felt like work.Maybe a few more months and I'll try it again...Answers to questions posed by Euridium (dev):1)  I got far enough onto the island to discover the dragon spire.   I made my way at least several minutes inland.2) I actually can't recall if I crafted a weapon, I think no.  I may have found one?  Or was I using an axe?3) Killed a bunch of stuff, including some wildlife and some sort of skelly4) See 1.   I built a full on shack thing (3rd shelter?)   Also, see my comments above about the lack of storage containers.5) Combat: There was no feedback on when hits were connecting.    I seemed to have some trouble deciding where I was being hit (red flashes in the direction might help there?).   7DtD is also bad in this way, but you generally just avoid melee combat for that reason.Also, there didn't seem to be a pattern to the way the mobs were moving.  I was totally murdered by some dude with a set of armor and a sword.   I took 2 minutes to run back to where he dropped me, and cautiously searched around for him.   Nope!   Then, as I was back playing with building ::CHUNK:: dead.6) Campfire, shelter, cabin, sure.  Though since I have no idea what causes the blue bar to change, I once set myself on fire trying to decide if I was close enough to the fire.While I'm on that...  More feedback would be good.  Some icons to show ""you are cold""  ""you are wet"",  ""you are nice and warm"", etc maybe?Check out ""The Long Dark"" for a pretty bang-up survival sim in that regard."
,Not Recommended,307880,17191870,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Leothedino,"I want to keep it short and sweet, this isn't competitive to what is out there. I have played early access games and I have played the survival genre, but within moments of logging into a game I questioned if I was on my PC or a Playstation 2.Naturally, you can't go on looks in an early access alone, but as for the rest of the gameplay, gathering and collecting of items to name only a portion, it really isn't what a game of 2015 should be and personally, I feel, it has too far to go in order to reach it those aspirations. Save your money, skip this one."
,Not Recommended,307880,17086888,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,"This, That, and the HoneyCruller","AS OF THE NEWEST VERSION ON 08/21/2015:BACKPACK MAKING SIMULATOR 2015THE UNKILLABLE DRAGON CAN BREATH FIRE THROUGH BUILDINGS AND KILL YOU.A very brutal survival game with a need for combat that is not very well executed. With 3 meters to look after (Warmth, HP and Hunger) wandering around on the sizeable island for long periods of time is not overly smart, as either you freeze to death, starve to death or get killed by a wolf.With 75% of the current achievements done I find myself unmotivated to do the now evident grind, to complete the rest."
76561197995406531,Not Recommended,307880,22817557,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,"President ""Dipshit Dotard"" Trump",I get that the game is still in beta mode over a year since it first came out but do you really have to make my save file absolutely useless that i have to start all over not once but twice?  The game is not that interesting for me to start the game again for the third time so thanks for nothing Signal.  It's too bad i can't ask for my money back.
76561198183207195,Not Recommended,307880,15099866,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,PogiBearC1,very bad i am unable to even play it its so bad
,Not Recommended,307880,17110300,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,A.D.Mynx,Not worth buying in this PRE-pre-pre-alpha version 18.07.2015
76561198004002404,Not Recommended,307880,17628388,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Brice the Rhedd,"WARNING: The number of reviews in 'Helpful' that are positive are extremely misleading!Savage Lands is by no means ready for extensive play testing or anything near casual play. The game in its current state is bland to say the least. The world is not as vast as the screenshots and video, yeah one video in this age come on, would suggest. The water can cause lagging issues and is extremely loud in comparison to everything else. That beautiful hills and moutains you see in the screenshots... Yeah that is just a picture, you can't go there. The game is actually situated on a single island.The combat system is bleak where side stepping almost defeats anything and getting on top of a roof or object literally defeats anything. I was hoping for a back and forth fight with monsters but the current AI just follows and attacks... If it cant follow it runs into walls or objects till you kill it. This is common in alot of survival games but with a game that is more verse the AI than players it can get frustratingly easy.The crafting system is clunky and from someone that plays his share of survival games, it doesn't give you much of a direction in the beginning. The fact that the starting tools you need are left for you where you spawn really destroys your sense of survival. ""Wait I forgot my starting axe and can't find the one out of a million beach spawns... I guess I'll starve or make a new character.""Before I forget, the 'Multiplayer' they are talking about is not your standard surivaval game population. The game only allows 4 (It might have been 8... Most servers are private so don't expect to play with anyone but your friends) players per server."
76561198051452302,Not Recommended,307880,29140733,Posted: 9 January,all,Drover15,"I haven’t played the game in a while but I have been watching every livestream and reading the patch notes.Honestly if there was one thing to remember about gaming in 2016 it was the rise of survival games. Though some have successfully given players a great survival experience, most have failed, Savage lands is on the edge of this line. The great thing about survival games is that it adds many harsh elements that the player must face; unfortunately, the problem with survival games is that the penalty for death is too severe. Tearing apart all of the players hard work and leaving them on the edge of the beach naked, literally.Take a look at Dark Souls, one of the most challenging fantasy games out there to this day. Dark Souls and Savage Lands are quite similar in design. Both offer a challenge through PvE that most survival games only offer through the use of PvP. Unlike Dark Souls though, Savage lands feels empty. The world lacks story, world interaction, and NPCs that could make the world feel alive.To the Devs, I'm not saying remove elements from your game; I'm saying stop adding elements that make this solely a survival game. I wish you would steer away from the survival aspects and steer more towards a Skyrim or Dark Souls type of game."
,Not Recommended,307880,15486602,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Divinity ߷,"This game is terrible at the moment; not worth the money. There are no servers, and the ones that are up are not dedicated and shut down quickly. I''d save my cash and spend it on anything, but this."
76561198141019434,Not Recommended,307880,17432646,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,cribbd735,I want A Refund because this game is pretty cool
,Not Recommended,307880,19292979,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Cookie Hommie,"This not an actual game...feels like Rust... tastes like Rust... incomplete and full of♥♥♥♥♥♥and bugs like Rust... There is no point in game whatsoever... no creativity, lousy survival and it costs money...Never been updated ever since i've bought it... i wish i'd just play less than 2 hours when i realized there's nothing to do in this crap... i'd get a refund >:["
76561198066863655,Recommended,307880,23091768,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Smagz24(1),"♥♥♥♥ everyone else, this game is great. The devs keep constantly updated and the game so far runs great."
,Not Recommended,307880,24387337,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Manny,I'm not sure if it's me or the game is just broken at the moment... but every single time... every single damn time I load into the game as a fresh start a Dragon comes down and kills me rellentlessly... I have tried making mutiple diffrent worlds and have even started a new character multiple times but that still doesn't work... This game as of right now I cannot recommend it becuase for me it is Unplay-able. Other than the fact that I have 2 780tis and I only get about 30 frames in this game I literally Cannot get out of the starting zone becuase that Dragon keeps killing me over and over and over... Hopefully this is fixed soon I really do like this game but as of now it's Unplay-able for me.
,Recommended,307880,25122805,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Kordiack,Cool.
,Not Recommended,307880,24810436,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Cellus,"Have a family? Have a life of any sort? Have a bladder? Well, ♥♥♥♥ you! No pause - you have to quit out of the game every time you stand up. And the in game time is sickening anyway because the game is only running about 15-20fps because it's only using about 15-20% of the graphics card. A good idea by people that really hate their customers."
,Not Recommended,307880,17668512,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Dink,"Took me forever to realize that leantos and other shelters are made from the J menu instead of the crafting menu.  On topic, the game is still in alpha and there is not a whole lot of content to make this game currently worth it."
,Not Recommended,307880,17396600,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Foboz,"I don't like this game at all, as it is not what I expected or what they advertised in the trailer. This game is boring and has awful lot of bugs and fixes to be done. Until then, this will not be a cool game to own or play."
,Not Recommended,307880,17409204,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,SnaxOnSnax,"wander for what felt like an hour made the best house, couldn't put a fire in it.then i keep walking and walking and walking amd walking.for right now 5/10 don't exactly enjoy first person walking sims."
,Not Recommended,307880,17462665,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,*DTDM*DarknessComes,"Did buy the game on sale , thankfully !I must say that i´m dissapointed buy the lack of things to do/find in the game , the grafics/gameplay is nowhere near what i tought it would be after looking at screenshots/video/reading reviews. I know it´s an Early acess game , thats why i´m soft in my ctitisism   . This game needs to improve alot before i return to it . Dayz/Miscreated/H1Z1 /7DTD is lightyears infront as is ."
76561198209296747,Not Recommended,307880,17994023,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Shadecore,"I would not recomend buying this title unless you have the money and dont care to get your worth out of it, at least as it stands I feel this game wont be in a ""fun"" or playable state for months if not closer to a year.Prety Early alpha, some functionality. The crafting system is interesting for buildings, Select building type/placement then collect materials and ""deposit"" unfortunately no way to delete/replace the outline for the building if in a poor position IE: door would be inaccessable. or half of the building is levitating and can walk out the bottom.Combat mechanics DEFINITELY need work. laggy and can strafe behind enemies(NPC) as they turn never taking damage.Sounds seem to come from strange areas/distance around you.Mobs seem to spawn within feet of you at times, had 2 pack of wolves spawn withing 5 meters of my character multiple times.Movement/Running VS Walking seems jerky, and barely noticable differences. NEEDS WORK i would suggest as a priority. GET the basics working then fix the rest. dont half♥♥♥♥♥everything along the way. Stamina indicator? Speed differences betwean running/walking should be greater, movement felt akward and clunky.Could have potetial, but as it stands I would wait what im sure will be nearly a year before this game is anywhere close to ready for a ""real"" public release... even beta wise. Of course its still Alpha but the treand of people releasing games and calling them alpha when they arnt even fully developed concept wise (or even anywhere close) and in a state where its hardly playable is getting ridiculous. People will buy the game, get tiered of it and lack of content LONG before its in a good / finished state and will hurt the numbers and chances of it being a good game at release. With mining rocks with  a hammer/club and needing materials like Sticks to repair your most basic hatchet which you can not get unless you have another tool to hit bushes/trees... forces you to go back to the beach and look for another basic tool to repair your basic tool just doesnt seem to encourage progression in a vaible way. To me Seems some ideas need to be flushed out a little more before I could recomend buying this game."
76561198091484119,Not Recommended,307880,17396164,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Sheriff Miggy,The game wasn't what I thought it was. Force quit on me twice and was super laggy in game when playing with friends. I tried to lower the visual setting but I still got super laggy. I would like to aslo point out that I did lose my mouse cursor which led to me not being able to click on the appropriate options when needed. I wouldn't spend the $8.00. I hope to be refunded because this is not what I signed up for.
76561198025363315,Not Recommended,307880,17671659,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Halrloprillalar,"I should put a giant BUT on this:I wouldn't recommend it AS IT IS NOW, but the game has a lot of potential.Quite simply, there are better games with more stuff for your money.The concept is cool, and with a bit of time and work this game can be great but currently, once you've got yourself a decent set of gear/food/tools/weapon etc. (which, with good luck - takes no time, but with bad luck - never) - you basically beat the game and will be bored. I mean sure you can go play cat and mouse with the treant, but... why.Give this another few months or however long it takes to get some real stuff to do and it might be worth truly selling.EDIT: as per the developer feedback, here is what I was thinking for 'more content':- there is already a concept for dragon/bosses in the game - expand on that with dungeons, epic loot, etc. The towers can be endgame dungeons perhaps- Deepen the crafting/gathering system so you're not finding about the ebonsteel recipe an hour in and thinking 'so like I'll never get that at this rate' having just found your first leather.- mining is silly - maybe use minecraft as a guide for how to color-code and lead the players to find ore. refining is currently a huge PITA, with coal being the limiting factor and no reliable way to get it.- add random maps? or enlarge the current one. I love the prefab concept and the ruins especially, but having them as more of a dynamic element would be cool (also see point 1).- dynamic difficulty - as time goes on and you get more powerful, add more powerful enemies (and more of them)- ranged weapons - include better bow upgrades/versions and arrow varieties for fighting things like the treants- I love the housing crafting concept - but the actual housing is so ... bleh right now. Like one room? Ugh.- Treasure hunting, with shovels and everything, maybe with some puzzles too- a bloody mapthose are just the few off the top of my head."
76561198099035925,Not Recommended,307880,18037972,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Node,"Want a game so gray that it makes a movie from the 1920s look colourful? ""Savage Lands"" is your game.Finally! I can do the things that I can do inliterally every single recent survival gameLike...-Build a house-Kill monsters for loot-Cut down trees-Craft itemsNow I picked this game up on sale for about $8. I'm a firm believer of the 1 dollar 1 hour term. Paid $20 for a game? You have to play it for at least 20 hours to get your moneys worth.After playing through the monotonous, poorly-optimized, unoriginal, steaming pile of **** that is ""Savage Lands"", I couldn't bring myself to play up to 40 minutes. And believe me, I was genuinely trying to love the game.I love medieval fantasy settings.I love survival games.I love dragons!None of these were really shown in the game except for the second one. It just felt like a generic publisher released a generic game to get in on the survival genre hype.TL;DRBuy Rust. Or The Forest. Or DayZ. Anything but this game."
,Not Recommended,307880,17492403,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Marv,Not the best game it needs a lot of help even thow its in beta it will never be as good they need to add in way points or a map would be nice were you can mark where you live/base is because they levels of health and stuff goes down way to quick
76561198192443202,Not Recommended,307880,18008709,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Crunchy The Clown,It sucks♥♥♥♥
76561198202032827,Not Recommended,307880,17510747,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Nice!CSGO1.com,i have so much lag from  some time all my graphics are on low am i have intel core i7 and nvidia ge force 4gb whats wrong!!!its like a game in photos
76561198056468291,Recommended,307880,30664764,Posted: 22 March,all,Arkem,"I really like this game, despite several little bugs or missing features I guessed there would be from the start, since it is in early access.Discovering the story of the land as progressing is quite fun and the scenery is entertaining to exploreI recommand it for people liking heroic fantasy and not being too much bothered by playing a not entierly finished game..."
76561198167410555,Recommended,307880,33618759,Posted: 17 July,all,DavidP1593™,Has been abandoned for a while but its still interesting. Not worth 15 dollars in its current state though.
,Not Recommended,307880,22205320,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mongoloid Hunter,this game is increadably laggy
,Not Recommended,307880,17435300,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Mr. Black,"[WARNING ALPHA VERSION REVIEW]Game is very bland, is just lacking in anything truly interesting. Does show promise extreme promise, looking forward to playing it in a more completed state."
,Not Recommended,307880,26075402,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,all my friends are dead,"Theres nothing good about this game, the graphics is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the framerate is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥ everything around you is♥♥♥♥♥♥except it's white♥♥♥♥♥♥Not to mention the amount of time the developer take to respond to the bugs/suggestions and updating the game."
,Not Recommended,307880,20878992,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Vherus,"It's very basic and slow. I didn't really feel any risk to my life like other survival titles offer fairly early on. There was just no impending sensation of death for me. The crafting is also very, very basic.The game's probably fine for new survival players, but for experienced players I'd recommend buying something else."
,Not Recommended,307880,22075771,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,STOOGEN,"Another meh survival game. Combat is clunky, crafting is buggy. Terrain and mobs are meh, overall this game is pretty bland and needs a lot of work."
,Not Recommended,307880,25819075,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,CanadianSushi,"Dont buy this game. It is unfinished and it isnt fun. Combat sucks, archery is so wierd and the crafting is so godamn confusing. Dont buy this game"
,Not Recommended,307880,18928739,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Lorgar (Chris),"I'm a big fan of '7 Days to Die' and fancied a change. It's a similar experience although much less fleshed out. I've only played a few hours but unfortunately, I couldn't play any more. It could be a good game after several months, but for now, it's not worth it.Good:- Potential for great multiplayer experiences from a great genre that needs more titles.- Crafting system is decent.- The warmth and health mechanics work decently in their current forms.- The player can see 'items in the vicinity' easily, within the inventory screen, meaning you don't have to manually click when picking up new items.Bad:- The amount of raw materials needed for items seem to have just randomly been set; it often takes a huge number of one item and a tiny amount of another to build anything. The result is running around and farming a single material for most of your time in the game.- Raw materials/creatures are too sparse.- On multiplayer, only one player will receive the 'starter pack'.- A forge is required to build any armour other than the starter pack's 'basic clothing' meaning you'll spend most of the early and midgame multiplayer experience naked.- Your character's metabolism is about x5 of a normal human, meaning he has to have about 15 meals a day to prevent starvation.- The game 'stutters' and animations are fairly clumsy.- Only a single preset map."
76561198071818184,Not Recommended,307880,18959392,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,JR,"How is anyone playing this?  When compared to the other games in this same genre, of which there are many, why would you choose this over them?  This over Reign of Kings?  Hell no, and that ain't saying much either."
76561198197266875,Not Recommended,307880,20110773,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,kylefore219,"Honestly, if you're gonna play a survival game just pay a little extra and get Ark: Survival Evolved. This is an alright game just don't really think it's worth the money."
76561198096208187,Not Recommended,307880,20900027,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Calithildor,Crashes before startup. 100% probablity. DO NOT BUY. FROWNIE FACE!
76561198071616807,Not Recommended,307880,21194356,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,iOnlyBeast,"Game got boring for me fast. Even had a friend to play with. I only got it cause it was on sale, this ♥♥♥♥♥ normally 15$? Not worth"
76561197968160307,Not Recommended,307880,22616607,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Combatical,"Textures fresh out of the Dagger Fall days! Okay.. its not that bad but, After playing for an hour or so it just didnt hold my interest."
76561198019071802,Not Recommended,307880,24831787,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,MiGeL,"I played this game and ark and ark wins hands down. You know what the problem with this game is? When I got it was a fairly new build. What did it have? It had a dragon to hype you up about the skyrim type feel it was going for. But it was there for show. There was a town there were 3 skeletons that you could fight at complexity level of elder scrolls 2. Me and my brother have made better engines on a day off.There are game engines out that could do 20 times the♥♥♥♥♥♥this engine that are free to use and they build something.Im not saying this is easy to make. But at the stage it was in, it could have been a hobby game and I payed like 30 euro, seeing movies of stuff that wasn't there.The experience was horrid. You start ark you can kill, fight, eat etc straight away. The gameplay was ruggid but at least close to oblivion. And you can ride and build bases on dinos. When I got that game I was amazed at the stuff you could build, the coop it offered and the dungeons next to pokemon collection of dinos. What does this game offer in the meantime? Nothing. Just plain fields, weird graphics, weird fights etc. The thing is ark was early access but it was a game. This was just a proof of concept. Even now you can read up on hundreds of reviews saying the same thing. Sure some peeps like it. But the thing is there are better early access games out there. If you buy this you basically give the game industry a market sign to just throw concepts of games at you for easy cash."
76561198059476990,Not Recommended,307880,20131025,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,stu4rtm,"You need to chop trees with stone axes but there are ruined sawn timber buildings everywhere? Pitiful. (It can take days to fell a tree with stone tools, not a task lightly undertaken)You just walk up to deer and smack them to death, they can't outrun you? Try that for real some time.Fires everywhere so why would you need to build one? Never heard of kindling or tinder?Crude stone axes are utterly useless for mining - deer antlers were better - & spears are more natural hunting weaponsYou need to build bows for hunting - maybe - but workable slings, nets, lassoos or bolas are much easier to make unless you're an expert.Pottery would be key - with a pot you can cook a lot of barely edible vegetables - or prepare the antler glue you need to make arrows...controls are a bit clunky too."
76561198146751768,Recommended,307880,32572918,Posted: 19 June,all,Bullclip,This is a well made game. The only thing it needs is to be optimised more.
,Recommended,307880,17392238,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ZombieTeam67,Ok sense it aint laggy i going to now say its a good game. But there is one thing. The graphics are to low im on max and it still looks low? Also it takes way to long to get set up if you dont know what to do. Also i've only seen wolves and skletons and thats all. I have no idea how to find them? 6/10
76561198094119282,Recommended,307880,17435077,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,resil1,"Good game, over the past year I saw a lot of improvement, better graphics,more tools,monsters,and more. Keep it up !"
76561197991954383,Recommended,307880,14750449,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Wild,"SAVAGE LANDSMUCH BETTER than MOST ALL OTHER EarlyAccess gamez SOLD here on steam!9/10 (yes.. even in its current unpolished state)..10/10 by the time its outta alpha..  seems to be a decent population so far.. hope ppl continue to log in and support these DEVs!  They seem dedicated and determined to finish what they started.UNLIKE the other game devs that drank and smoked our $ away.THIS game isnt bad  at all.. compared to STOMPING LAND, THE HUNTER, RUST, BEASTS OF PREY, FORSAKEN UPRISING and all the other look a like EA's out there that have 0 population on there laggy♥♥♥♥♥ piece of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥servers!i actually dont feel RIPPED OFF after purchasing this game.wow"
,Recommended,307880,14750434,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,BallsAndTeeth,Alot of fun so far!
76561197989349017,Not Recommended,307880,15179441,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ArielKie,"This game has potential, don't get me wrong.  It can be a lot of fun to play.However, there are far too many shortcomings, far too many bugs and far too many problems that drain the fun far too often.Armor durability and lack of repair are one of the worst issues.  The supposedly better armors seem to fall apart like paper after you've been forced to gather difficult-to-find materials to make them.  Then there are the mob spawns.  You can go from not seeing a single living thing for ages to suddenly finding yourself overwhelmed by a pack of wolves joined with half-armored skeletons, all of which are faster than you and destroy you because all your fancy ""high-end"" armor fell apart like a wet tissue.I understand that this is supposed to be a difficult survival game, but I enjoy exploring the world I have been given, and as it stands now, Savage Lands kills the ability to do any serious exploring due to the armor issue.  And the new bows that they hyped in this latest patch are absolute weaksauce pieces of garbage and not even worth throwing away mats on.  And I think they really should look into some form of character creator as a priority.  Not all of us want to play the same bald muscleman, which is currently your only choice.Maybe down the line when they get things balanced out, the game will be better.  But as it is now, Savage Lands is simply an exercise in frustration."
,Not Recommended,307880,15935045,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Baba Yaga (Infant Annihilator),"horrible game, ugly gameplay, bad crafting system, stupid enemies, i see some updates but i cant see the improvement."
,Not Recommended,307880,18025814,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Pope,Holy ♥♥♥♥ is this game bad
,Recommended,307880,14829606,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,naomha,"It's EA so you kind of know what you're getting into if you buy into this sort of process. For an EA game it's pretty good right now though. It's basically Skyrim and The Forest had a baby and Savage Lands was born. I really dig the environments and the setting but it may not be everyone's cup o tea. Instead of fighting zombies or , well, zombies, you're fighting fantasty setting mobs. Think skellies, wolves, dragons, monsters that look kind of crazy. Those things.The game is your usual standard fair of go chop down that tree, make sticks, collect rocks, make hatchet, make fire, kill deer, etc, etc. It's really not doing anything new for the genre, of which I'm a pretty big fan, but it's good enough for now. Nothing mindblowing, just decent enough to get you by. What really sets it apart is the natural environments and what fills it. Empty towns, shambling skellies, wolves on the prowl. Fun stuff.Word of caution though. The game is Alpha stage so there's going to be bugs. Simple things like re-lighting fires can't be done and you constantly have to build a fire on top of your old fire pit. Sucks, because finding stones at times is like finding a needle in a haystack. For being stranded on a beach you'd think there would be a million pebbles, rocks, stones nearby. Whatev. It's a pain in the a$$ but doable.The ""recipe"" stage of the game is an auto build-in type of scenario. Think 7 Days to Die. You automatically acrue recipes if you stumble upon the ingredients needed. Some you don't. I'm not a big fan of that way of doing things. I'd really like if the developers used a ""lost recipe"" type of gameplay. You stumble upon someone's notes, an old notebook detailing things. Some things are common sense like building a fire. Some you really shouldn't know. Iron helms, Obsidian swords, etc.It's fun once you get the hang of the game. I died 2 days in a row because I was kind of lost in what I was supposed to do. After sitting at it and figuring things it it's not so hard any longer. If you're a fan of The Forest or 7 Days to Die or Stranded Deep you'll feel right at home here. If you like a fantasty setting instead of zombies, if you like games like Skyrim or Oblivion and wish they had a deeper crafting system then this is the beginning of THAT type of game."
,Recommended,307880,14832029,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Beef Minister,"Big red flag here in before the game even started, I see that this is made by DigitalDNA games. The same company that has brought you the obvious-grabs-for-money games on Xbox Live such as Avatar Connection and Avatar Snowball fight, as well as the just generally horrible Xbox live games such as Avatar Paintball, Avatar Avenue, Avatar Superstar, and the list goes on.If you look at their collection of titles, it becomes completely obvious that they are taking the “Well, if we make a game for every single idea the team gets we’ll have to make money, right?” Simple fact is, its quality over quantity, not the other way around.I’ll try and leave my personal bias about the company out of my review for Savage Lands, because well this is a completely different platform, but I also wanted to note the above statements for the simple fact that DigitalDNA is not a company known for good titles, by any means.Once in game I immediately noticed the fact that I couldn’t bind my sprint function to the right shift key, then, when I came back to my word document to note that I realized that Savage Lands has made my computer so laggy that I see the exact things I’m saying to you right now appear only about 6 seconds after I type them. I’d like to note that I have a $1300 custom build gaming computer, and don’t even experience this on ultra in games like Crysis.The game itself? Very hollow, but that’s to be expected I guess. Overall they actually made me think that DigitalDNA can really pull off a wholesome title, the graphics were completely adequate. The sound was one of my favorite aspects of this game, the immersion was well done, and the realism, for the most part, was actually kind of on point. Things like being able to punch a ravenous wolf to death kind of disappointed me. Same with waking up in a new land with tools already there for you, but honestly? My gripes with Savage Lands are pretty much all very minute problems. Things like your arm vanishing sometimes, or the fact that punching any creature gives off this laughably terrible blood spatter effect as if my hands have knives on them. You know, things that can and most likely will be fixed as the game progresses.Do I recommend this title? On sale, sure. I would never pay any more than $15 for it, and for a moment even regretted doing that. But keep in mind you are paying for a possibility for a great game, NOT a great game. As of this very moment you are paying for just another early access survival game with a bunch of issues and bad aspects by a company who has routinely put out terrible titles.Savage Lands has quite a bit of potential, and you shouldn’t discredit this title just because DigitalDNA has made poor decisions before this. The trailer made this seem much better than it actually is, in reality, it’s a bit wonky and lacks any real character.***EARLY ACCESS DISCLAIMER POSTED ON ALL MY EARLY ACCESS TITLE REVIEWS***EARLY ACCESS IS NOT AN EXCUSE FOR DEVS TO RELEASE TERRIBLE GAMES. IF YOU THINK MY REVIEWS ARE TOO HARSH DUE ONLY TO THE FACT THAT THE TITLE IS IN EARLY ACCESS, YOU ARE PLACING UNREALISTIC STANDARDS UPON THE EARLY ACCESS FUNCTION. IF YOU ARE RELEASING A GAME ON EARLY ACCESS, IT SHOULD BE SOMETHING PEOPLE *WANT* TO INVEST INTO WATCHING GROW. NOT A PILE OF UNFINISHED IDEAS CRAMMED INTO A TITLE SOLELY TO GARNER MONEY FOR YOUR TEAM. DO NOT COMMENT TELLING ME THAT MY REVIEW NEEDS TO BE MORE LIGHT HEARTED SIMPLY BECAUSE THIS TITLE IS EARLY ACCESS, I WILL CALL YOU A ♥♥♥♥ING MORON."
,Not Recommended,307880,17412142,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew","Pretty poopy right now!Terrible graphics include::* Awful textures* Low polygon count* Options menus that fall over each other* An awful ""swining"" animation when you use your axe or punchAnd this is running on ""fantastic"" quality @ 1920x1080. (Mid-level spec PC: Intel i5, 16 GB, GTX 970 4 GB) Still, it does run fast!Also broken to the point where you can't actually progress :) Starting gear near the spawn works up until ""flint"", where it taunts you to press 'e' (while you are there hammering away at the 'e' key XD). Gave up after trying about 10 different pieces of flint.Everything has a really, really ""clunky"" feel right now - especially compared to something similar like Ark (also in alpha at the moment).Still... it looks like it has potential. Lets see where they get to in another 6 months! A big graphics / art overhaul, updated sound and some good testing (including regression testing) should set this back on track. I'd guess at maybe another 12-15 months development left to go, based on this alpha."
,Not Recommended,307880,18704178,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Theolis,I cannot recommend this game unless you are OK with only approximately 20 hrs of good game play.  I agree with some of the reviews that the atmosphere is good.  I was pumped about the game initially when it was being updated frequently with new features.  That is long gone and they have stopped providing anything meaningful in quite some time.  I now have a game full of potential that is only a small percentage complete.
,Not Recommended,307880,17423876,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,overwhelming force,It sucked more than a phillepeno hooker
,Not Recommended,307880,26623725,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Kyriptus :),"got this game when it came out, thought it could have loads of potential but its just another stomping ground"
76561198071042632,Not Recommended,307880,15573140,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Joe,This game sucks it runs like crap very laggy i couldn't get into it too choppy
76561198139449266,Not Recommended,307880,15900530,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Jerreh,"Not worth 15 bucks, which was how much I got it on for sale. The island feels very small, you can't block enemy attacks so you gotta jump around and dodge like some bunny, building options are boring.... it looks really nice but overall I regret buying this game."
76561198006717091,Not Recommended,307880,20591933,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Ford_Hawkins,This Game looks fun i bought a 4 pack and it just was really a dissapointment but i think if you waited long enough you probably should buy it but right now the game just berily has anything going for it -Pros ;The Game is a Unique Survival Game;Multiplayer; -Cons ;Bad Graphics (even on highest levels);You just keep farming for trees and Stone and you just basically so the same thing over and over again;only 1 enemy in just 45min;Animation needs fixing;Hard to understand at first; But this is just in early access i really hope that this will get better but I slightly doubt it but for now DO NOT BUY THINS GAME!!!!
,Not Recommended,307880,19986131,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,^6BossNZ,"Found it boring,3 hours in and I seen a couple deer, some pigs, random skeleton things and 1 tiny♥♥♥♥♥'town'. I wouldn't recommend yet, maybe after more content is added. I got a refund from steam which is great."
,Not Recommended,307880,20826064,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,TenX,"I dont like it its no good game , BORING"
,Recommended,307880,31333548,Posted: 23 April,all,Mr. Toxic,back in 2015 it was pretty good..back in 2015 it was pretty good..back in 2015 it was pretty good..back in 2015 it was pretty good..back in 2015 it was pretty good..back in 2015 it was pretty good..back in 2015 it was pretty good..back in 2015 it was pretty good..
76561198296881125,Not Recommended,307880,25043054,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TimeBeast13,this is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥i wasted 15 dollers on this♥♥♥♥♥♥i try to open the game and what do i get a black screen then it says it isnt responding dont buy this game
,Not Recommended,307880,15323654,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Government,"Worst game I've ever played and bought, don't buy this game, needs years of work, and doesn't have it's own servers. You must connect to another (persons IP / server) already insecure."
76561198086147149,Recommended,307880,30819322,Posted: 29 March,all,Rath89,I like it
76561198163171087,Recommended,307880,16428644,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,PIMPLORDGAMER,gd game
,Recommended,307880,29496244,Posted: 25 January,all,Adolf Trumpler,this♥♥♥♥♥♥sucked
76561198199325378,Not Recommended,307880,20595935,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ShadowBanditFRED,This game is really time consuming and dull. the lack of effort the game has to satisfy you is bad. I bought this thinking it was gonna be dope because i love rust and skyrim. but i enter the game and its just bad and waste of your time. Dont get me wrong this game could grow into something amazing. I mean ive only played an hour and a half but so far i recomend buying this game when its improved.Pros:1. Has Potential2. Idea of the game is greatCons:1. Un-optimized2. buggy3. Poor community4. bad leveling up system to craft items5. graphics need improvement
76561198271975419,Not Recommended,307880,22962466,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,mangaman,the game won't start like i can get to the part where i costumize my dude but the world won't start
76561198160143535,Not Recommended,307880,27799410,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Marlboro(NY420),inventory is terriblecombat is badstory is lackingworld is bland
76561198142018590,Not Recommended,307880,20829846,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,PotatoSlice,"I have a brand new Asus Q552 running core i7, 12GB DDR3, and I have a NVIDA GEFORCE 940M, and I still can't run this game smoothly on the default settings so I was messing around with the resolution settings and now I'm running it on the lowest resolution and I can change it because my settings screen is super zoomed in to where I can't change it back."
,Not Recommended,307880,21494307,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,KinG KeeL,"This is one of those games you ""umm"" and ""ahh"" about buying for ages, watch all the reviews and read all the comments, buy anyway and play half an hour of before you get bored.Money I wish I'd spent on DotA 2 hats instead."
76561197975858395,Not Recommended,307880,22051234,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,twitch.tv/honestbanditzgaming,"I hated this, everything was clunky and the game just felt way to slow. Sorry this isnt for me"
76561198051415629,Not Recommended,307880,16095108,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,jeffdc54,"I found this gave very boring.  There may be something interesting that I did not find, but without having any kind of built-in map, it is very hard to discover new areas."
76561198088236284,Not Recommended,307880,17434191,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,keegantpt,lags alot on fast settings and theres no ingame map wich is not a big deal but one that needs fixing fast
,Not Recommended,307880,20778380,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Rick Harrison,"super laggy, even when running WAY above recommended specs, only gets around 20 FPS. sometimes drops to 5"
76561198238185586,Not Recommended,307880,21806433,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,[PCH] CKennedy17,"cool concept, bad gameplay and pvp/multiplayer experience maybe if it has more time but its already beenout for a while so idk"
,Not Recommended,307880,24091980,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,dacam,"I really like the concept and the game has a huge potenial but it is badly optimized, the loading screen times take forever, my computer can barely handle this on the lowest settings but it can run bioshock on high settings so id recommend to wait  till the developers make a major optimization update."
,Not Recommended,307880,29096034,Posted: 7 January,all,Lord Tachanka,"I got nothing to say except this game is full of artificial difficulty and... well, if I said it was full of anything else that would imply that there was any content. Oh, and also, this is a company that is KNOWN for making sh*tty games. In fact, their games (digitalDNA) are so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that they won't even show their company name on Steam. Huh. Really tells you a lot about this company.If you're considering buying this, don't stop here, go look at some real reviews and you'll change your mind."
,Not Recommended,307880,25096277,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,CRIMSON,ai is about as good as the physics are punching a tree in your back yard
76561197968495022,Not Recommended,307880,17494872,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Sharkan,"Based on the current build, the game seems limited in scope.Crafting and building is below average (prefab buildings with restrictions in placement), the combat is not where the game shines (1 attack...avoid and slash), and there's no RPG component yet nore any story element.Fun for a few hours (the time to discover the universe)"
76561198127632276,Recommended,307880,18154103,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Micheal Scolfield,i like this game becuase i do...............♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S THIS GAME IS GOAT GOAT =COW WAIT NO GOAT=GOOD GOOD=COW
,Not Recommended,307880,18548775,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,JG Wentworth,"I still don't know what to do with this game.  Save your money for something better.  This would have been a great game, maybe about 5 years ago."
76561198098447678,Recommended,307880,33466920,Posted: 11 July,all,VanillaDuke,"The trailer is a little outdated but its looks are much more appealing than the update and it's smoother. Other than a few obvious glitches, it's pretty fun.However, I'm very unhappy with how they have the bar for cold, intertwined with your health. I wish they kept that as a seperate bar. I don't mind the hunger considering stamina replinishes itself. Crafting has gotten more limited as well as many of the resourses. But other than that, I find the game rather enjoyable."
76561198040476475,Not Recommended,307880,17408169,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Smokey,"As the game is now it's simply not worth a buy, you can run into huge ruins and castles there are 100% empty! and the framerate are all over the place :(and from what i seen on videos also then this game has a much smaller world than skyrim just empty instead = this game is not worth a buy.."
,Recommended,307880,25099159,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Daaa22,"Not bad, but ""extreme"" graphics mostly looks like the lowest in GTA V. Better buy it when it will be fully completed."
76561198086418437,Recommended,307880,18063623,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,s.hsieh,"Plays csgo, gets 1 tap by deagle. Plays savage lands, get 1 tap by arrow in mutiplayer. 10/10 would sell csgo skins again"
76561198046785093,Not Recommended,307880,18007427,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,A cacophany of angy moths,same as all the other survival sims
76561197980737245,Not Recommended,307880,17432188,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Razyte,"I like surviving games, I like that there are a lot of them, but all of them more or less looks like ideas for now, not like a complete products. This game is not an exception. In fact, this game is very bad even for early access. This looks like a FREE prototype to show to the steam community, get feedback and seek possible investors for further and MUCH harder work. But you cannot sell this like a product, even early access one. When someone looks at your storepage, they see quite good game in intresting settings with neat graphics. But in fact, you cannot play with those graphics settings, they are very VERY badly optimized, and every other advantage of the game that is shown on the storepage does not equals to what you get in game. That is called fraud. You must say at the store page, that ""this game is early access because it is not yet optimized (but we working on it), it lacks this and that, but in further updates bla bla bla"".PROS:Unique idea to survive in medieval magic world.Speed of traveling is quite realistic.CONTRAS:Bad optimization. Very bad. Seriously, it is very bad.Delay in input: even if there is no lag at all. If you click ""W"" to run it starts to run after 0.5 seconds. Of you click left mouse button, it hits after 0.5 seconds.Bad Interface: both in graphic and usability. Graphically it looks like it was developed for 800x600 game.No gameplay at start: when you start a game there is nothing to do rather than some basic stuff, so the only this is left is to explore which rapidly makes you freeze or starve to death, or get attacked by skeleton, while you got no armor on you. Anyway - this makes many players not to play at all. There got to be an ""easy start"" for gamers. That will get you more players."
76561198166415375,Not Recommended,307880,19886737,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Aim_Pancake,Savage Lands is just simply not worth the money. Frankly I have no idea what compelled me to buy it in the first place.
76561198092387012,Not Recommended,307880,29205693,Posted: 12 January,all,SherlockHolmes,This game is piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥no one play this game and always stuck in loading screen.
76561198148750580,Not Recommended,307880,24241259,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ItsRobert11,"Got boring pretty quickly, common matierals are too hard to find."
76561198020934519,Not Recommended,307880,17408882,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,leqesai,"I played for around 40 minutes and in that time I just could not get into Savage Lands.It feels poorly optimized and non-intuitive.I'll be keeping my eyes on this, in the future, but as it stands I can't recommend you purchase it while it is in Early Access."
76561198089479274,Recommended,307880,34964721,Posted: 14 September,all,bonehall,this is a great open world game lots of real elements
76561198009876564,Not Recommended,307880,25538211,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kit the Kat,BLAH Garbage.
76561198086561771,Not Recommended,307880,18885507,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,BGOD,hi guysthis i game is about a person who is lost in a island (savage lands)this game is good but gets boring as u get farther in the gameonline mode sucks cuz no one is playing game online i tried till 3 hours no serverif i host the server no one comesgraphics are averagegame has great potential but many things to fixthats allty
76561198074626791,Not Recommended,307880,20888122,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Vulcan Raven,tried to play a game but it crashed to desktop so i refund it
76561198195731867,Not Recommended,307880,31960568,Posted: 25 May,all,Degamnus,refund please
,Not Recommended,307880,22544687,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,neddread,"Game has suddenly switched to 64bit only so I cannot play it.The 32bit version is still available on a seperate branch, but I think we all know that means it's on the rubbish heap.Waste of my money and time, and EA shoves a hot poker up my nethers again.0/11"
76561198067013514,Not Recommended,307880,17395759,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Say Oh Yeah.....!!!!,"This game still need some AIs, I spent my time to play this game alone with animals. This game didn't have so many stuffs at all and the multi-player? I do not find any server anyways. Do i watse my money?"
,Not Recommended,307880,20916037,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,G-Prime,Your character moves slow as molasses and the deer have the magical ability to phase through solid rocks and walls. Even for an Early Access game this is pretty shoddy.
76561198043791212,Not Recommended,307880,16916609,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Suicid3grunt,"This game could be fun.It has very high optimization problems. The game does not look the greatest, yet it runs horribly.It was not worth it."
76561198091513352,Not Recommended,307880,17088759,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Apex,This is the first game i have asked for a refund for.
,Not Recommended,307880,17486495,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,☠WhÅtËver☠ CSGO500,BUY ARK:SURVIVAL EVOLVE
,Not Recommended,307880,17680347,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,*****,"Akin to every other ""early access alpha"" survival game I've played. Open sandbox, nothing to do. Ran around a few hours, chopped some trees, froze to death.Maybe someday this will be good, it looks like it has potential. As of now, don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,307880,21242230,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,quack,Literally the worst game I've played in a looooong time.
76561198142353298,Not Recommended,307880,22681721,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DadWillSki,"Bought it for about $12, played it for month and liked it- over looking the many bad parts thinking it is early release and I'll be patient.Then it crashed every 3 minutes and couldn't play (sons character worked because he had no gear)- emailed crash reports to company many many times- no response.  (normal troubleshoot- disk space OK, restart machine- nothing else running- new video card)Tried it 3 months later but couldn't use character I had advanced to good weapons and armour.  Thought it was no problem to start again until i find game completely changed and I die 30 times before I can find a stick or a rock.  I thought I knew how to play having played for a month- everything changed.In the 'beginner' camp hugging the shore to avoid anytihng big and mean, I am attacked by boar and wollves leaving corpses everywhere before I can make anything.    Not so cold or hungry and out then out of health- not knowing why health all gone.   Restarted from scratch thinking the problem was me- no change- wolves and boar ate me for breakfast as I swing a stick at them- they used my stick to make kabobs out of me.Frustrating  that can't get started when I thought I knew what to do having played it for a month or so.Game not worth it if free, and I wasted $12 on it thinking I would help out a fledgling game/company.BIG THUMBS DOWN!   It is a POS.How can anyone recommend this game?"
76561198039505077,Not Recommended,307880,25249023,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Lord Chaos,"This Should be a mmo title, and its not.The server lists are almost empty with a max 8 player per game.Game has Potential, but if it does not become an mmo it is just a low quality game and nothing more.Not for me, the quality of the gameplay is far from good enough to be a single player game."
76561198260091754,Not Recommended,307880,22510652,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,troomaan,Tried starting it 4 times.  Crashed ever time.
,Not Recommended,307880,28751677,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,duk,worst game of my life can't even go up to the dragon and kill it
,Not Recommended,307880,18901098,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Issa Don of The Saint Laurent,wOAHwut
76561198110057115,Not Recommended,307880,18969555,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,gt,"Beware of this game: it is utterly unstable (in a few hours of playing I had to restart my mac three times and restart Steam and the game around twenty times). It is impossible to orientate yourself since the landscape is all the same and there are no points of reference. You die scores of times, and when you are near to regain your corpse to reclaim your assets, there are always a few enemies which slay you once more (twenty or more times dead in less than 10 hours game). You should be paid for playing this game, paying for it is just throwing money away. To me it's only a fraud."
76561198013624825,Not Recommended,307880,25825431,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,bob,Its WAY TO HARD to find Iron Ore.  MOVE ON THE Another game  edit: over 7 hours looking for Irorn ore
76561197993239002,Not Recommended,307880,18048882,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Regulus,"I bought this game with the ever so tempting theme of fantasy monster encounters meets the forest or what have you. Unfortunately I rode the steam preview hype train right into disappointment station.Bearing in mind that this is an early access game, I won't go into polish aspects of the game, like animations, sounds, gui and what have you. Those are easy to fix and I'm sure one day they will be nice.These game design factors are what turned me off after about 3 hours of gameplay:1: The progression system is terribly odd. By the end of the first night I had built a blacksmith's forge (a huge building built by one person in the middle of one night) I was in what I assume is the third tier armor set, the other two being made of leather and pelts and this one being made of metal. If this is ""gritty survival"" then this is outright bizzare and completely jarring. If this game is more about starting from nothing into an epic style fantasy, then I suppose it's on par, but the jump from barely making it to being eligible for medieval footsoldier status is a near instant jump.2: The game gives you a huge checklist of ""survival tasks"" to undertake, but the end result of this checklist (buildings, etc) can be found along the coast not ten yards from where you spawn. So I assumed from the beginning that you had to make camp, approach these other camps with caution cause who knows what you'd find. I then realized there was no real danger and no sense in wasting time building these things on the checklist.3: The biggest problem I ran into, however, was it was utterly boring after the first 30-45 minutes. I had to endure a painfully long night cycle with no real threat other than the possibility of freezing to death, and then setting out the next day into a world that isn't very hostile or interesting. I couldn't find any monsters other than wolves. There are no complex recipies that require maticulous searching to find components that would warrant such a huge world and if there are I never found them. Again, it may be because there are plans for expanding the wilderness in the future, but right now it's more lifeless than a no-npc Skyrim mod.As for co-op, it all becomes somewhat more tolerable, but then the issue is you and a friend are so powerful nothing is a threat to you at all.All of these aren't deal breakers in and of themselves, but with no real roadmap from dev(s?) and an incoherenent theme presented by the ""meta"" of the whole thing makes me a bit apprehensive. Maybe later down the development road it will be fleshed out and labeled correctly and coherently on the tin, but as of right now it is a mess."
76561198137975734,Recommended,307880,34373994,Posted: 20 August,all,Skortch_,This game is still pretty fun and i had a great time play with my cousins. I dont think it should get this much hate because this really is awesome! its kinda like skyrim crossed with arc.
76561198076620690,Not Recommended,307880,25861741,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Ramachandra,Wretched. I wis I never spent money on this garbage.
76561198023079401,Recommended,307880,25432710,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Vonglory176,There's a lot of potential
,Not Recommended,307880,14820142,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Solus,"It's like Skyrim but with more crashing! And in between crashing you can crash! And if you actually get to play for a minute, you can get killed by bears and skeletons! It's like Skyrim but with only a handful of enemies and nothing else! I once even hit a tree so hard that I knocked the shadow right off of it!I'll give it another shot and change my review (at least, if I remember to) in 3 days when the devs promise they'll be patching it next. Hopefully they fix the terrible controls.Why do I keep doing this to myself? Why do I keep buying terrible early access games? I ought to know by now that nothing good ever comes of it."
,Not Recommended,307880,18864060,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Robdoggierob,GREAT concept.  Game plays pretty well.  Graphics are ok.  The one main problem I have with this is that the world is almost totally empty.  Ran for about half an hour....found nothing....not even one creature what so ever. At this point it just feels like a huge empty world with nothing to do.  I'm glad I gave it a try though.  This game will be pretty awesome once it is updated ......
76561198112600709,Not Recommended,307880,14847475,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,回国一个月,No PVP so far and bugs need to be fixed.  Only 8 players can join a hosted game which the number is too small for a multiplayer game. This game is so unfinished.
,Not Recommended,307880,14804535,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,GrymThor88,"Obviously a work in progress but it seem they spent more time working on the health/stamina bar graphics(heart with veins wrapped around bars) than they did the game, walking was awful constant stop start jagged lag, it really felt it was made in the late 90's.Someone said it was a combination of Skyrim and The Forest, in someway its true the quest and building menu is similar to The Forest but bothe games ARE light years a head of this game, I'm serious, LIGHT YEARS!.The only thing i really liked was the ocean and the snow. It was very nicely done.Comments:The Game needs to improve its graphics, menu etc TEN FOLD! Its not the 90's!I am not a robot, fix the walking!Please tell me the ""Ruined Towns"" are place holders!Why am i dying so quickly? i just ate!Recommendation: wait, unless you wanna test it for yourself, i say wait, the video is very misleading, wait a year or two."
76561198025019999,Not Recommended,307880,17388516,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Leader of ISIS,"Huge lag spikes; even on the lowest settings it can only reach 40 FPS at best. Seems very unoptimized. Some of this is expected from an early access game but this is ridiculous given how terrible it looks, the lack of features, and the fact that this is 0.7. The Forest for example looks four times as good and runs far better and The Forest is earlier in development than this piece of crap. I own an awfully nice computer too so Playstation 1 era graphics with 20~30 FPS average on the lowest settings is just dumb."
76561198212815428,Not Recommended,307880,14817420,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Attck,"when i tried to play the game an ""Opps"" message would pop up and say the following""the game crashedthe crash report folder named ""2015-03-001154"" next to game executable.it would be great if you'd sent it to the developers of the game!"
76561198145239055,Not Recommended,307880,14819260,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,soroush,"It looks like a game you'd see in 2007 (both in terms of graphics and UI). I know it's an indie game, but still there are other games like stranded deep that look good and have modern minimalistic UI made with a small team.I spent ten mins trying to find rocks to make a campfire (one of the simplest things that I need for my survival)... and this isn't my first survival game, so I'm not entirely clueless.Even on sale at $15 I don't think that it's worth getting."
76561197965351205,Not Recommended,307880,25107725,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Triptrippen,"Boring.. only 8 ppl per server.. no apparent dedicated servers, can't filter servers. Combat is bad / overly simple, clunky."
,Not Recommended,307880,17411880,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Dr. Ortmeyer,"This game is depressing as ♥♥♥♥!!!you start at the beach with nothing, which causes you to lose heat instantly, by the time you walk for a minute you have lost 15 temperature points. Let me clarify:blue bar: you freeze to death. make a campfire.redbar: well dhuh your health...yellow bar: your stomach, you starve. it will litterly tell you you're starving at 10% or so.so you either freeze to death because you're not in a cave hiding from the temperatures.. or you starve because you are. it's important you rely on others... maing you almost handicapt in every scenario UNLESS you're with 2 people or more. these three bars I speak of degenerate at a rediculious rate. and when you die ofcourse you start over. However what really ♥♥♥♥ing depressed me that after you slowly ♥♥♥♥ing died, in hopelessness, you CAN go back and loot your own corpse.  your corpse is actually marked ingame for this very purpose. it's convenient but It ♥♥♥♥ing depressed me. the only reason these guys have my money in because I played 2.1 hours.. ,1!!!! I'm hoping for a better future build. -_-"
,Recommended,307880,22022295,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Stovet Cоветский,">Spawn in.>Run around beachhead, scavenge EVERYTHING.>Run into Wilds.>Survivorman.wmv>Find snowy Village.>""this could be a good place for loot/shelter"">Mother♥♥♥♥ing bUSH MONSTER>BushBestPresident.jpg>Get 9/11'ed>5/7 would Airplane again"
,Not Recommended,307880,24697592,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,AngryDoorKnob,Very boringVery slow ginding to get barely anywhereThis game might be fun with a large groupe
,Recommended,307880,18179383,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,「§NG」| ...,10/10 there is a dragon that one shots you run at .00000000000000000000000000001 mph and this game sucks
76561198009210490,Not Recommended,307880,24533260,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,[VSS]-TeBry,"Apparently the fun thing about this game is you have a dragon fly about, killing you all the time to prevent you from playing the game.  You cannot kill it, and it kills you all the time. The single most stupid game dynamic i have ever seen."
76561198054274152,Recommended,307880,30384724,Posted: 7 March,all,kirbys65,"I am actually really enjoying this game.  Yes, it is BETA!  so it does have bugs etc., but that doesn't detract from the survivalist gameplay for me.  I like how you start from scratch and have to build tools in order to craft weapons, armor, and housing.  You even need to start fires to cook, or to warm up when not around a finished house.  I like the old school games like this that don't have everything given to you and make you work to survive.  I hope that this game is ultimately fulfilled so I can experience the finished version!"
76561198052381430,Not Recommended,307880,16217586,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Silver Panda,"it is to dark and gloomy, and there is really no objective. Also the cold kills the game for you, it is always on your mind."
76561198048855333,Not Recommended,307880,29476754,Posted: 24 January,all,☜☯☞Englands☜☯☞,games a mess
76561198202666250,Not Recommended,307880,17406260,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Lil Dik,very small servers and confusing refunded
76561197983699067,Not Recommended,307880,14989604,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,etherseraph,"NNNOOOPPPEEE.The game starts out well enough, little fuzzy, runs none to great, complete lack of tutorial or anything to help you understand whats going on, but its early access, that is to be expected. I played a bit, died a couple times, ""cool, i can respawn rather then perm game over"" oh.. It respawns me in a random spot no where near where i died wnd with nothing.. Guess i might as well start over.Started over, did a little better. Actually got good into crafting, started to reclaim village, and suddenly 4 skeletons, 5 wolves, 2 boars, and this giant lizard dog thing come in ♥♥♥♥ my♥♥♥♥♥♥up sideways. And lets not forget how monsters dont even have to be facing you to cause damage. Kite around behind them and you will still be taking damage from their attack animation, but, you arent lined up with them perfectly? miss.Respawn. Completely new spot. No idea where, no equipment or gear. Its starting to be night. Freeze to death after about 5 minutes or so. Not entirely sure, but way to fast. Try 4 more times running around the shore for the landmarks to find my corpse in hopes that the monsters arent camping♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Never find it. Quit game. Uninstall, will check later to see if i got ♥♥♥♥ed outta 25 bucks."
,Not Recommended,307880,14896539,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Wintercatalyst,"eh, i dunno, its like...nah...This game style is not my favourite, but the fantasy elements made me interested, but it became boring quicklyso no, buy not this, money be saved for future greatnessalso early access needs to stop plz, finish your games"
76561198028541275,Not Recommended,307880,17409549,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,pls_help dindunuffin,"I bought a game that doesn't even work, the game just crashes every time I try to play. I checked the forums, did all they said to do, nothing. Submitted my own thread on the matter, the only response I got was ""Read this before posting"" and sent me to a ""Rules on posting"" thread. I didn't understand, so I just decided to email the support team, still haven't recieved a response. At least I now know the refund mechanic works."
76561198108901696,Not Recommended,307880,15229811,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,bsc38,"This game was great for the first few hours but it seems like it get to a point and decides you should die and there is nothing you can do to stop it. Now they've made it harder to advance your gear, and the next step is to add pvp. That means you'll have %^&^% killing you for what little you have. One reason I play solo but, by playing solo when it's time to die and it throws three bears and two wolves at you. You hear your new chainmail break after second hit from the first bear as you vainly attempt to take him out before the other eat you alive.... yeah it almost seems like this game was dessigned to pull up in spend your money and run you off. Why I don't know..."
76561198110951898,Not Recommended,307880,14928579,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Deadeye,30$ for this?? I wish I could be reimbursed. It's wasted money...
76561198019804550,Not Recommended,307880,23256969,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Zindelis,"I was curious about this game and checked it out. I wanted to host and play which was an issue I found out after purchasing the game. (You could host or play but not at the same time). I figured I would give it a shot. I marked mature filter beliving I would see all sorts of colorful language. I did not believe that would cause me to see my characters pensis.I requested a refund.Comments from my friends and family""That is an an interesting take."" (The game is in alpha)""Hmmm maybe they are marketing to another community."" (No female characters)"
76561198248604740,Not Recommended,307880,23269166,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,richardstelmach,"Unplayable on minimum settings. My computer is a reasonable amount above minimum spec. (i have i7 with 16GB RAM, ATI Radeon HD 5400) and with lowest settings still completely unplayable.Gutted as looked like a great game."
76561198236549510,Not Recommended,307880,17415099,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,alanjai1499,"Boring and uneventful game. Graphics are poor. No insturctions on how to play etc. Do not buy, waste of money."
76561198028069369,Not Recommended,307880,18670973,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Chris,"it is too hard to scavenge for resources and the building costs are too high. This makes the game tedious and boring. It simply takes too long to do or build anything. The manufacturer should make resources more abundant and building costs lower. At the very least, an easy mode should be added to the game making the chages previously described."
,Not Recommended,307880,19540839,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Tomato ass,"Eh, it was okay. Didn't really like it for the only reason that it was not optomized, But i'll try it again soon enough."
76561198020425911,Not Recommended,307880,19558241,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/RhythmnBeats,Watched the Trailer.Bought the game & went straight for it..I really disliked the graphics & the controls.In my opinion not the best game I've played.I would rate this game 2/10
,Not Recommended,307880,21076012,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Ace,"Stick to Minecraft, if you like crafting survival games, heck even unturned is better... you must understand this game has low resources, takes too long to collect them, very difficult and cumbersome control usage which is not very friendly at all.  I have to keep reminding myself the controls, and the other part that is bad is the collecting of Materials, and some items crafting need too much resources, when rocks are not around much, and I get hungry fast from mining rocks or get cold freezing, how am I to craft anything?  The game is a cool concept, but the playability is difficult even for kids, it takes a lot to get used to, and I am getting a refund.  I understand this is early dev game, but I know the parts I am talking about they wont change, because they probably are already set in their ways."
,Not Recommended,307880,17536853,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Tippy,"I want to actually make a helpful review so here it goes. Lets start off with personal rating of 4/10. Now, on with the details of why I say this:I hate it when people release games as early access. I remember back in the last days of my console plebbing (about 7 years ago) games would not realease as ""Early access"". Games were finished products, and then updated to fix bugs. Early access allows devs to make tons of money (Lets review starforge and rain of kings hmm?) and then leave the game without updates or any intent to bring it past the the starting line. Games like rain of kings and starforge have a 10-20 US dollar price tags, are fun for the first 5 seconds, and they die after a couple of days of gameplay. This game had me in a head spin. I bough it, looked at the trailers, I saw that every screenshot, and realized that every one was massivley editted to be higher quality and the videos more fake than Jessica Nigris boobs. I played the game for 43 minutes and automatically noticed the limits in the game, almost no crafting recipies, no animations, poor graphics (looks like the game is 8 years old), and above all, no point to playing it.Lets go into further detail, no crafting recipis, this bugs me, you want 19.99 ( 7.99 on sale) but your game has around 20 items to craft. There are no animations, when i say ""No animations"" im not talking about cool cutscene like animations of picking something up eg. crouching over, anything like that, Im talking about, when i go to pick something up, my hand doesnt move, I cannot even see my body. When I smash a tree, it just bloop, breaks into 3 pieces and you magically pick up everything with telekenisis. There are no crafting animations/wait times this sorta bugs me, I like it in rust when servers have insta craft as an option, but I want to expierience what it is like to craft lets say a hammer. Is it less than 1 second? Can I solve a rubix cube before i have it in my hands? I know the game isnt going for realism, but not waiting to take raw cloth and turn it into mechanically sewn clothes is a bit rediculous in my opinion.Lets break off from that noise and talk about the graphics. The graphics look like they are from around 2008, Im talking about first generation PS3 games, worse than fallout (sorry fallout, your graphics were not good back then <3) . Trying to make this short (failing so far) moving on to game mechanics, you hit a tree like I said before, 3 logs, smash into bits, if you are a timewaster and hatchet it once every 3 seconds, you will see the tree do a crappy animation of falling, its pointless to wait this long. I walk up to a bush (nearly bigger than me), I smash it with a hatchet, I only get ONE stick. The building reminds me of ""The Forest"" you can only build pre-fabricated houses/items, and when you do, just like the forest, it gives two you the icons of lumber and sticks, you collect them and press E in my opinion this is crap.Do not buy this game, I bought it played it for less than the hour and already saw its worth. If you are going for a survival game pick rust, dayz (if you dont mind playing experimental gameplay that bugs), ARK:SE, the forest, so on. I spent 7.99 on this and was actually disgusted with spending more than 1 dollar. Call me cheap, but this game deserved no ones money. If you have a job at which you earn money dont spend it on this, this game doesnt even work hard for its money. Please, do not buy this game, this is a really well written warning."
,Not Recommended,307880,17673197,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Daidokoro,"Game review of Savage Lands.I do not recommend this game to anyone looking to use their money wisley, on a game that isnt just for laughs.Pros:Its a good laugh for you and some friends.Cons:Its so poorly optimised.The game is just utterly boring and a sad take on a survival skyrim.Its too hard, not for me but I could certainly see why someone else would think so.It looks like on of those early access cash ins, this may not be the case but it definitely looks to be.It dosent look like the game tralier/pictures display.Why is the game released in this state, I know, its too improve the game and listen to the fans. Well its a buggy mess and it dosent take a genius to figure out that a buggy pile of mess needs to be fixed before even thinking of putting it into early access.Go play something else worth 20 bucks or less like CS:GO, Skyrim (on sale), etc."
76561197966918254,Not Recommended,307880,20666724,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,1911,The game has very little to offer it may have that Skyrim feeling but it's very limited to the things that it hasIf you want a game that falls in the same category as this one and it offers more for your buck I would recommendThe Forest
,Not Recommended,307880,22023285,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Dark,"This game is a SP only game it seems. Most of my friends want this so we can all play together and have fun, however buying multi copies just to host a game, then stay in the game 24/7 is not worth it. They should remove MP and Co-Op for now until they have the dedicated server fixed and running, so people are not misleaded into getting this thinking hey me and my buddies can play. Also game is SUPER LAGGY, a boar killed me from what looked like 50 yards away, after a few seconds the boar was on me but I was dead."
76561198066821810,Not Recommended,307880,15803078,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Delsin53,If you like a game where the animations and graphics are lackluster while the gameplay is non-existent with absolutely nothing to do except to respawn just to get mauled by wolves and bears 3 seconds later this game is for you.
,Not Recommended,307880,16566076,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Window Licker,"This is for the developers, i have a pretty decent gaming computer. however the game is very poorly optimized and its very difficult for me to play even on the lowest settings. If you could improve this it'd help a bunch thanks."
,Not Recommended,307880,20739240,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Kaludan,Don't buy yet. Not close to being ready.
,Not Recommended,307880,22044047,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,E B O L A,Mac OS.The game has an awful optimization!Everything hangs and slow even on the lowest setting!Give back ma money!I don't recommend this game for Mac users!
,Not Recommended,307880,17433023,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,jjhhgg100123,"*Note*This game will be nice later on but at its current state I do not reccommend it!Also the developers were amazing and tried to help me solve my framerate issue. (It was not due to hardware).TL;DRUnoptimized/Confusing menus, and crafting systems.Yes yes I know... all of the people reading this will say ""You haven't played that long!"" I know its because I like games that will give me a nice first impression when I get in to it.- The first time I joined a game I saw graphics that... weren't that good and were terribly unoptimized (No difference in framerate between good and maxed out... also if I play skyrim with EBN and other mods at 60fps/maxed out settings why can't I play this at 60fps instead of 40-50?)- A kind of confusing menu and crafting system (Needs labels).While this might not sound like a lot it takes away a lot from the game if I'm constantly trying to search through a menu to find something or walking around and getting lag when I can play more demanding games at higher framerates."
76561198011131828,Not Recommended,307880,19538641,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[CGO] Ruppsrunt,♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥M8
76561198013113324,Not Recommended,307880,17149507,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Wilford Brimley in training,Dis geme is garbo
76561198311894677,Recommended,307880,31257312,Posted: 20 April,all,00 Critical,Ok looks like the game is getting a lot of hate.... Not sure why. It's a game it beta and yes it's not finished and needs a lot of work. Trust me I know!!! Now if you roll back to build 290 the game gets much better and MP even works:) If you like early access games then it's a good game that I hope the devs keep working on. If you have never tried an early access game I would have an open mind if you do try it. It can be hard until you learn the rules of the world you find yourself in. Now if the devs don't finish the game then I'll change my vote but for now it's a: Give it a try (with an open mind) :) Want to see for yourself:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEObjpbKQ-s&list=PLZsyct2nWWzY2ZoAm7-uB7ZsaLwjaWDcB
76561198053804752,Recommended,307880,30740314,Posted: 25 March,all,jonjonny2x4,"This game is similiar yet different. Don't forget that it's an early access and there is a lot going on in this map. It would need a lot more of an engine most likely for it to compete at the highest level; however, I bought it on sale and for the sale price.... i'm still pretty excited to explore this map and build a really nice town."
,Recommended,307880,17422214,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,SB,"graphics and especially meshes are not spectacular despite having setting for full HD and distance rendering is fairly short for settings...loading stutters for surrounding, which should never happen...early access, so-so, so far currently just another build/survive game with extrememly limited movement controls... not worth it for an FPS game, might be worth it if you like to collect and build stuff.build's are simple and are only about half accurate in how to build and materials, materials appear out of nowhere and collection of materials is kinda lame.so the game is mostly MEH!however it is sorta interesting, despite its huge failings.it can be kinda fun in that you have to deal with the weather as well during survival, that and lack of appropriate animals to catch to make food and help in creating items to survive by, if you dont might the massive unrealistic parts of survival then get the game while its on sale."
,Not Recommended,307880,14956847,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SickTag,"Good concept, and a lot of possibilities.  However, the isle is pretty small I thought, also there were only like 3 or 4 types of things to kill, no story and just kind of wander around.  Armor breaks WAY too easily, one wolf w ill destroy your stuff.  You die pretty fast as well.  You can't kill the dragon or climb it's tower."
76561198083975438,Not Recommended,307880,14962566,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,medkraz4,"I would no recommend this game yet! It is fun don't get me wrong, but lets say you have a lot of rare stuff and you get killed somewhere in the woods, you LOSE EVERYTHING when you respond and all you have is a diaper. If you don't know where you died, there is 0% chance of surviving unless you find all the supplies you lost when you died. It's stupid how you lose everything you had and have no chance of survival, If they had a marker showing where you died, that's fine, i wouldn't mind dying and losing everything, but there is no marker showing you where you died. And when i created new characters, i got killed automatically by a pack of wolves, skeletons, or bears THREE TIMES IN A ROW. Why should i play a game where multiple enemies are waiting where i spawn, and i am incredibly weak and can't defend myself at all!!!"
,Not Recommended,307880,23286279,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Lonk,"Clunky animations, Terrible textures, and Horrible gameplay!0/10I'd rather play Bad Rats then this garbage."
,Not Recommended,307880,26603233,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,DON HUBERTUS,wasted money !
,Recommended,307880,17407051,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,EvilxMunkee,"After about 5 minutes of gameplay I feel I can say this game is the best game ever for 5 minutes.See, I killed a wolf, I get an achievement. GG10/5"
76561198071127826,Not Recommended,307880,22345052,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Yay,"FAILED TO START GAME ( unknown error )No longer ♥♥♥♥ing works - all the devs care only about 64bit, doing♥♥♥♥♥♥to fix 32bit. Looked up steam forums solutions, and all the links that were put in by the autors were either deleted posts, or deleted threads.other than that - not working game for which i paid 15 euros ( a lot of money in this expensive country ) - a good enough game for survival with realistic elements - + y can turn whole HUD off."
,Recommended,307880,17422127,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,MackDaddy,"I MEAN IT HAS ♥♥♥♥ING DRAGONS but you cant even crouch, there is no swimming (If you go into the water you will freeze to death), the only biome is a winter one as far as i know. When you start it feels like everything is just getting shoved down your throat so you have to play multiplayer so people can teach you some stuff. BUT IT HAS A ♥♥♥♥ING DRAGON"
76561198044958756,Not Recommended,307880,18030336,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Black Jesus,"This game looks like it has some potential, but there are way better games out there.Take Rust for example.Rust has all of the features the game has and more + it runs better."
76561198041487323,Not Recommended,307880,25133676,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,stoffcsj,"Game does not load on Mac, no solutions found on internet or support forums, all pages that are linked go no where. Very dissapointing, do not waste your money"
,Not Recommended,307880,16689552,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Matthias Jaeger,"This is a survival game where the only thing you'll really be battling is aggrivation. Combat is terrible and uninteresting, resources are pointlessly scarse, and the amount of inventory slots you get is just stupid."
76561197988904068,Not Recommended,307880,16880698,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Northwinds,"I will wait for its full release after Early Access is over. In its current state, it is in a word, boring."
,Not Recommended,307880,16966997,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Azcsgolive.com,Fun for maybe a week. Thanks to steams new refund policy I no longer have this game and I got my $20 back which I probably ended up wasting anyway
76561198077267799,Not Recommended,307880,17464057,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,jordan.fouts,"Normally when I want to see a game freeze up and take Steam with it and force me to restart my computer, I have to do something taxing like get a lot of particle effects onscreen at once. But with Savage Lands, all I have to do is press the Tab key!"
,Not Recommended,307880,19302154,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Raidenator,Hahahaha what a piece of garbage. Buy ARK instead.
,Not Recommended,307880,19574557,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,deadmeat3gaming,"So finally getting around to buying this instead of backing it, worst move I made, im finally writing a reviewSavage lands doesnt really bring anything new to the table in terms of survival, I think stranded deep had more than this.You start out with little of anything and if you die you cannot reset your spawn, cannot make a map, and finding people in multiplayer is like trying to find your friend in DayZ. Next the game just feels like its a cobbled together game that tries to be something different, but no point for trying, because it doesnt feel like it tries, now im not gonna hate on the game while it is in early access, after early access, depends. Lastly I didnt give multiplayer much of a try but it isnt very good. At this rate unless its signifigantly better than the last time I played I cannot reccomend this."
,Not Recommended,307880,20757948,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Dad Come Home,The optimization is incredibly bad I can play most next gen games on max at 60fps or higher but on this on max I get 20 fps and even on ultra the game doesnt look very good.
76561198056840757,Not Recommended,307880,24867076,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,xXxSeLpTcHeRxXx,just delete it from your drive now.
,Recommended,307880,15690814,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Dirty Dan the despicable(Oculus),"playing solo, was freezing to death in 15 minutes. kept dying because I was missing 2 rocks for the camp fire or couldn't find flint. made fire, made axe, killed the forest, killed smokey the bear. geared up and went off, was nearly frozen to death soon after. obviously character is ♥♥♥♥♥. managed 4 hours wandering and found 1 town, then started building my stuff right under the dragon. he was cool with it but after I found out that mining a rock will only get you about 3 actual rocks and that the buildings required 200+ I died inside. so now either I hack, grind, or try the un-dedicated multiplayer servers to steal from people.vote for which option beloooooooow VV"
76561198057024451,Not Recommended,307880,18902961,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,BBJL Hanson,;~;
76561198087231309,Not Recommended,307880,18913726,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Heinz mustard,No
76561197985573260,Not Recommended,307880,17669696,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Hade,"I suppose the game could have been fun. But you have to constantly eat and keep from freezing. Food is scarce. Hunting deer takes forever, should you survive it. At night all you can do it stay by a fire. Only way to heal is to eat, don't understand why they have bandages. I didn't find the game any fun at all and have deleted it."
76561197981225137,Not Recommended,307880,16855644,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,BlackDog,wasted $20.00.  After reading the reviews thought I would give it a try. BORING!beautiful graphicscool craftingmeh fighting interfaceI'll give it another shot and see
,Not Recommended,307880,16951253,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,<TAL> Myth,"hopefully more into development this game will improve, but it is going to need to improve by leaps and bounds in every regard before it is even remotely playable."
,Not Recommended,307880,18902553,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Hazania,"So I just typed a lengthy review but it wouldnt post. Just shortened it so here goes nothin....Let me just restate the most important updates I believe will help make this game more entertaining.1. A tutorial at the start.2. NPC's. (Don't even care if they can talk, but quests would be great (kill 2 hogs and bring back the hides; return for rewards)3. Furniture/Decorations. (We all want to be able to personalize our home, help us do this?)4. I truly believe everyone on this game will appreciate a fireplace for our indoor homes! (AND A BED!)5. Crouching/sneaking. At this point every game knows player stances are important. Just give us some more freedom please!!!6. Pause. (My mom yells at me to do the dishes, I hit esc to open menu, do the dishes, come back and im dead. Wow. K.)7. The last thing I have to add, please add a quickmove option. I noticed if i left click on items from enemies it quick moves them to my inventory, can you do the same thing for putting objects into a chest? PLEASE? Thanks.OKAY so basically theres A TON of updating this game needs to be fun. I believe if just those 7 things are done that this game will be 100% better already, and what I have just listed is not too much to ask for. Thanks for reading and I hope you are as dedicated as people have said and actually take notice of my comments/concerns. THANKS AGAIN!!!Ps: I really hope to enjoy this game, and I want my 8 bucks to be worth it, so plleeeassseee help me turn my recomendation from a absolute NO, to a reensurred YES! :)"
,Not Recommended,307880,16021782,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Corrosion,Still sad.
76561198046580883,Recommended,307880,14750335,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Homey,Game looks very promising its fun to play allready and official servers in the future would be awesome :D
76561198166304212,Not Recommended,307880,16566991,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,OldButNew,"This is my first review on Steam. Savage Lands is the best survival game there is. I am not going to give away any secrets about it. You have to play it to find out. (hammer and axe hint hint). It is an early access game but does not feel like it. No real bugs for me so far. Not sure if developers read this but I am posting some things I’d like to see changed here.1.	When I select inventory I’d like to see the stats of equipment when I point.2.	Ability to Destroy items I know I will never use. They just litter the ground and make it hard to find what I need.3.	Amazing and fun game, hope you keep adjusting it!"
76561198076536771,Not Recommended,307880,16005728,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Colorful Squirrel,"10/10 Building ANY house with nothing inside, using weapon racks as fences that don't link, chasing dragons that NEVER land, and collecting the same COPIED AND PASTED plants....But if you can get over all that you will enjoy the dead animals that still oink"
76561197993401026,Not Recommended,307880,17411943,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,BadAssB,ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,307880,25042253,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Ismailych  <kz>,фи
76561198064523934,Not Recommended,307880,22016983,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,8567570,"I realize that I have very little play time to already be writing a review, but I've run into serious problems trying to make this game playable. My computer meets the minimum specifications (Intel HD 5500, 4GB Ram, I3 processor), however, the game is absolutely unplayable even on the lowest of settings. It took 5 minutes to get past the loading screen, and then I was getting around 5 FPS on the default settings the game had picked for me. I immediately went through and turned every setting to the lowest possible value, even lowering the resolution down to 720p, but at best I got 10-20FPS. It was not until I eventually said ""screw it"" and lowered the resolution to 640x480 that the game finally got up to a stable-ish, playable 30fps, but then the UI didn't scale down with my resolution, so I can't alter any of my settings or change the resolution back.  I'm currently re-installing the game so that the settings are put back to normal, and hoping to find a way to make it playable in the next few hours. If I can, I'll update this review. Otherwise, I'm getting a refund."
76561198095440605,Not Recommended,307880,22164373,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Barracuda63,This game is trash.
,Not Recommended,307880,24986230,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Ryen,ABOSOLUTE HOT GARBAGEthe refund button works though.
76561198166135673,Not Recommended,307880,20532878,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Stoned-Sensei,"Well it has potential, but as of right now you really cant do anything.  The combat sucks. All you do is hack hack hack. You basically trade hits or exploit by getting on top of a rock. There is no parry, no shield, no roll, nuthinig. You just trade hits. There are no lvls. No way to get any better excpet for crafting armor and gear. Inventory is clunky. Resources are far and few. Sometimes just to make a fire, i will DIE before i can find enough resources lol.  When i log on, i only see 10-20 people TOPS playing at any given time.  It just needs ALOT more to it right now. No point in playing it cause you will get burnt out before its ever released. Might as well just buy ARK."
,Recommended,307880,33749955,Posted: 23 July,all,Mr.Bucket,YOU CAN FIGHT A DRAGON.nuf seyd.Graphics 8/10 (Kinda Dark)Playability 8/10 (Tutorial Needed)Price 10/10 (Totaly Worth It)Overall 9.5/10Buy the game.
76561198057066454,Not Recommended,307880,23181176,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,WallStreetJesus,They startet out by selling the game for 32 bit systems and then later changed it to 64 bit. This is outragous and i do not recommend the game at all.Build it for both systems or pick one from the beginning!
,Not Recommended,307880,19579373,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dimmerworld,Only thing about this game that is savage is the graphics
,Not Recommended,307880,23884028,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,PurpleSkyHoliday,"Needs a metric ♥♥♥♥ton more polish to be playable for somebody like me.Right off the bat, mouse smoothing is enabled by default, the menu is janky and the resulution of the wallpaper isn't even suitable for widescreen.I can appreciate the fact that there might be some really nice gameplay down the line for people who can look past those kind of things. but it's the stuff that gets on your nerves until you quitAll of the audio is harsh, the pace of the game is really hindered by the pickup system being very odd and unresponsive. If if go to pick some cotton, 3 cotton doesn't get added to my inventory, instead. one cotton drops on the ground. you have to do it three times. But if you wanted it to take time, why not just add a short hand sweeping animation and be done with it? It's this sort of roundabout nonsense that drives me away from the game. The strange, disconnected stuff just happens over and over until it stops being worth it.Honestly, get a review from someone who could play longer than I could."
,Not Recommended,307880,17454407,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Great_Snake,"SUPER UNFINISHED! I'll try it again if/when they finish it, but for now I can't reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,307880,19206780,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,And then John was a zombie.,"Bought this game when it was on sale and jumped on to a couple of servers to see what the fuss was about. Fairly stable game with good looks and exploration and crafting mechanics.However...my huge problem with this game was the memory leak issues. Oh god. 2 hours of running on a Win7 16GB rig and it would eat up ALL my RAM and set me to bluescreen. Restart, restart, restart.The game looks good. not gonna lie. It's acceptable for a crafting and open world...but the world seems so barren without people. The odd deer, goblin, skeleton etc and the dragon who flies around. A village here and there and Dire Bears too but you're looking at basically a giant landscape which pushes you to craft craft craft and even when I Refunded this game at 21 Nov 2015...there's no endgame yet. 3-6 hours of play and you can score basically the top tier stuff once you can read the wiki.I'm keeping this game on watch and Wishlist. It's decent...but it needs content. It has potential to be SO MUCH MORE."
76561198095729959,Not Recommended,307880,25296040,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Sacredvariable6,The game is great until you get to the third island the game won't stay running for longer than 20 seconds after you load into the world before closing out.
,Not Recommended,307880,17056011,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Edjin,This game is actual♥♥♥♥♥♥.. Zero Graphics... Controls are really clunky.. you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little animation and you look like Shia LaBeouf running through the woods trying to actually cut your own♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little axe made out of cow poop pellets. DO NOT BUY! 10/10 Would Jump off a cliff and not have anything again.
,Recommended,307880,18877755,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Bear Fucking Grylls,This games optimization is absolutely SAVAGE!!! 69/10 would SAVAGE AGAIN!!!
,Not Recommended,307880,25040735,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,The King Of The Worms,I could put anything in this review and still some how with what low fanboys this game has would attack me i'll say it this game blows a huge load it's very unfinished glitches are everywhere and the stupid controls are probably the clunkiest controls i've ever used like seriously no matter how hard you try the dang sensitivity will always be way to crazy honestly don't see how people enjoy this game.
76561198060627136,Not Recommended,307880,22035593,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Last Seraph,"I'll wait to give this game an honest try when it actually has a tutorial. As is, this game is about as accessible as trying to start dwarf fortress without tutorials."
76561198047376321,Not Recommended,307880,18446172,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Joe,the only thing savage about this game is the feeling i got when alt+f4ing this pile of gentlemen excrement
76561198051356512,Not Recommended,307880,17574795,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,beluga1942,"Disappointed,and disappointed again,maybe when they finish it it may be different,till then god buy “Savage Land “"
76561198045395185,Not Recommended,307880,16434871,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Deathfang (PC Broke),"For how early this game is in development, it's not worth purchasing, and this is coming from a guy that got it 50% off."
76561198012539768,Not Recommended,307880,14980883,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Fleabag,This product has a long way to go before it can compete with other options  in the early access arena. Reminds me of a poorly done Skyrim.
,Recommended,307880,17424670,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,groovy Lu,From the title of the game I thought I would be on an island with a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥1/10 - IGN
,Not Recommended,307880,17516798,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Flowers,"I'm going to say it here and now that this game is a work in progress with a load of content missing, and this review will reflect that as well so only read this if the game is still in its early access stage. (WARNING: REALLY DO YOUR RESEARCH WITH OTHER LETS PLAYS TO GAUGE HOW GOOD THIS GAME IS SO YOU DON'T REPEAT MY MISTAKE.)For starters, the game's UI is clunky and still in need of a lot of work. Inventory is ugly, and hard to navigate, especially with initial starting assault of hints and tips windows, and also having to navigate back to key bindings for instructions. In game at the moment, you can definitely notice a significant difference in quality compared to what's seen in the trailer. Frames will drop often for you at medium graphics and I assume this is due to its early access build since my computer can run pretty on high graphics for most of the time.In terms of gameplay, I've mostly got into building for the first three hours or so. The game likes to drop you in with a starter 'checklist' for collecting materials and building a fireplace and hut (which you cannot sleep in). Very similar to The Forest except in a winter landscape (even its building mechanics are the exact same thing), excitement only occurs when night is starting to fall where SOME enemies may start to spawn (my game has spawned about one wolf so far in and the dragon at the tower ignores me completely). As mentioned before, the game's trailers and screenshots are far from what it currently really is in terms of content. For example, fall damage has not even been implemented since I evidently survived jumping off the tower you see in its trailers.However, updates are well schedules and it seems they've kept up those promises so far.Do not buy this game unless you're in it to really support the developers, or you have the faith to entrust your money into its future developments. The game certainly has potential, but it also needs time to reach it."
,Not Recommended,307880,16270469,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,JuveyD,"One of the developers responded to my original review, so I wanted to take a second to flesh out my ideas a bit more, since my last review wasn't very articulate.Savage lands intrigued me, a lot. I was thinking of a Skyrim meets DayZ type vibe. I was disappointed to find a game that truly lives up to the concept of ""early access."" I believe that if you want to release a title into early access, you need to do it in a way where you will peak your player's interest and keep them coming back for updates. In my opinion, that ""hook"" is missing from Savage Lands. The game drops you into a world that is beautiful, but beautifully empty. The crafting feels generic and like something that has already been done.The combat felt like a cheap elder scrolls copycat. There were no clear objectives, which I understand is somewhat part of the genre. But I think you need to hold new players' hands a bit more. Don't expect they'll do all the research and educate themselves on why they should enjoy this game. SHOW them.I didn't see the purpose of putting a high count of hours into this game. No exciting fights, crafting dragged, RPG elements were very limiting.Could Savage Lands be good? Yup. Would I come back in the future? MAYBE. Sadly, I've been burnt by early access games before, because developers tend to give up and move on once they've gotten enough money. I don't pretend to understand it from the business or developers side, but as a gamer I was disappointed.I'd be more than willing to change my review to a thumbs up when I feel this game has enough content for the price tag. As of right now, it doesn't."
76561197972631979,Not Recommended,307880,16357961,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Durt Reynolds,Not bad but not good either. Really glichty
76561198199226527,Not Recommended,307880,18664401,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Taco4Mexicano,the game is really buggy and its hard to understand for poeple who havent played this style of games
76561198058599077,Not Recommended,307880,18036117,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Ashen,"Its as simple as this, dont buy it it is the same thing again.I really have a problem with buying early access gamesThe reason why their is so many good reviews is because of idiots who like the same thing."
76561198013405968,Not Recommended,307880,22369039,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Cigar,Wouldn't bother. Alot of other better games out there that do what Savage Lands does & more.
,Not Recommended,307880,15195562,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SLRRP,Complete waste of money and there are much better alternatives out there.
76561197970718218,Not Recommended,307880,17407786,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,WickedKae,"So the first thing you realize when you start this game is how limited it is.  The premise sounds good, but when you are slapped by limitations like this game has right from the start... ya it's time to move on.For example, you can't crouch or go prone.  They have gone out of their way to animate the water and make it look good, but then you try to jump in only to find you can't swim.  If you can't swim in a game like this, then you are missing out on tons of content and exploration possibilites.And of course the game just feels very rough.For now, no reason to bother."
76561198119044193,Recommended,307880,16431057,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Redd,Mining Simulator 2015
76561198016812948,Not Recommended,307880,15108009,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,KillRoy,Please do not wast you money on this.
76561198008536512,Not Recommended,307880,17436041,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Steve,unplayable laggy
,Not Recommended,307880,17436302,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Jake Clark,"Don't listen to the other reviews... This is another early access money grab. The game is ♥♥♥♥ing buggy as hell and all ardound is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, unenjoyable game. If you buy this I wish you luck in whatever way you decide to commit suicide after playing this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game."
76561198026986659,Not Recommended,307880,17436545,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,malintenttheheartless,There is no game here.  Just an early engine.  Dont waste your time.
76561198260979719,Not Recommended,307880,19413380,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Brak,It's pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and not worth waht tehy are asking.
,Not Recommended,307880,19956539,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Brack Fraffy Pappee,Graphics tearing + No one plays this anymore
76561198097710194,Not Recommended,307880,25746713,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,brian.j.stonerock,bad terible sucky
76561198101435692,Not Recommended,307880,16196562,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,craftyblu,"This game is broken. A proper leveling system would probably fix it. Right now, it's impossible to get very far with out dying because the moment you happenstance on some rare item, all the creatures level up and before you can gather enough of the high level items to craft high enough level weapons and armor, they kill you every five second. Maybe I just suck at this game, but it would make it so much more fun and available if there was a setting that allowed you to change the difficulty if not online with other people, or to add a leveling system involving crafting so that the high level monsters don't spawn all over you before you can match them."
,Not Recommended,307880,18194498,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Robert Shapiro,Refunded after 8 minutes. Seriously if your looking for a good PvP open world get Reign Of Kings or Mortal Online. This is just not worth its price
76561198132909140,Not Recommended,307880,18982407,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,A-Hab the A-Rab,"DONT DO IT!It may look great, but in reality mostly another rust clone. But not as fun. With only prebuilt structures to choose from, no mouse on menu screens, and VERY unfrequent updates (especially for this type of game). The one good thing about this game is the sound. If you close your eyes in the intro it feels like you're in skyrim. Unfortunately, you're not. These sound effects are a little overdone though, with inception noises every single time you pick up a flint. I refunded this game. For those of you that own this thing, i reccomend that you do the same.(edit: Sorry about the harshness, i may buy this in a later state. But only with improvements.)"
,Recommended,307880,24756531,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Loveafear,The game is really good! The content and the gameplay are really good. But the game didnt came out so I cant say anything about it right now I hope it will be famous and I think its will. This is like if skyrim and multiplayer had a son its called Savage lands .
76561198007558762,Not Recommended,307880,15676180,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Captain57,"Graphics are average by today's standards.  Game play is a bit boring. Can't build a camp fiire no matter how many logs, flints and stones I put down.  Concept is good though.  Just too hard to really get going."
76561198057771700,Not Recommended,307880,14846699,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,KAHIR,This is a bull♥♥♥♥♥♥game about bull ♥♥♥♥♥. U can built a house for nothing. U can run for miles for nothing. This game gives u nothing. Son olarak Allah belanızı versin paramı geri ödeyin.
,Not Recommended,307880,17397093,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,"The game does not look like the videos.It lags terribly and the graphics look bad like a poor unity 4 game even at max settings.Putting all settings on minimum doesn't affect the framerate at all.Crafting is terrible - there is no progression, just a list of everything you can make.But you can only carry 8 items and some recipes call for 4 or more and there are at least 20 different types of items so you never have the right combination to make anything useful.I bought 2 copies to play with my friend, but I ended up refunding both."
,Not Recommended,307880,25127160,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Maj /// Minase // Kyle,"Not sure why I keep falling for this cash grab last ditch thing Steam always does when an early access game goes on sale.  If an early access game goes on sale, you know for sure it's garbage.I can literally play this game for about 10 seconds before it crashes.  No fix.GG."
,Recommended,307880,24355139,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Crippeling Wank Stain,nipples
,Not Recommended,307880,20021422,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Sir,This game reminds me of my grandma. It stinks and it's boring to play with
,Recommended,307880,21847780,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,---,Cons: I now have aidsPros: It has dragons
,Not Recommended,307880,16026572,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ahnold,Unless you enjoy paying to be a tester for games that shouldn't even be classified as Early Access this game is unbearable to play. Great idea....can't wait till its about 30 patches in and an actual game. So your choice. I do not at all recommend this game. Waste of $15 bucks. But who knows perhaps this game will be come worth $60 and I only had to pay $15.
,Not Recommended,307880,25126072,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Blaze | Fiery,game doesnt even work lol i spawn in and i got a black screen and all i can see is my hotbar and a stick in my hand so id suggest nobody to buy it unnless u like games that are just black screens!
76561197995865002,Not Recommended,307880,22508507,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Solar,WARNING: Friend and i bought this game. neither one of us can host a match. neither one of us can join other peoples matches. the game is 100% unplayable. This game shouldnt even be on steam!Asking for refund.
76561198060604847,Not Recommended,307880,20494919,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Say my name...,"Very unforgiving, spent an hour running about looking for stuff freezing to death, and not many co-players."
76561198056375651,Recommended,307880,19297144,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Vicious Tit Guzzler,i got killed by a wolf 10/10
,Not Recommended,307880,17413075,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Falconose,"It's not bad. But the textures is a game breaker, the textures is terrible!"
76561197972850022,Not Recommended,307880,17401562,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,PrimyFritzellz,"Don't buy this game just yet. It's buggy and a bit laggy. Graphics wise is nice. But graphical options is really poor. It's a dull in game menu and the game overall feels like a game released in 2006. Played it for 30 mins. Died because a skeleton attacked me and all i had was a spiked club i found on the ground. Rate it 5,5/10. When everything that i listed is fixed. Probably a 8,5/10 game. Tho not worth the 19,99€ It's more of a 9,99€ game"
,Not Recommended,307880,18376740,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Adamouization,"I feel like the game isn't finished. There are some nice features that I enjoy like the crafting or building, but the world is empty and the game quickly gets boring. The graphics aren't very good, the hunger/cold bar are just ridiculous (you can literally see your food bar drain so quickly). Not worth full price anyway. Nevertheless, the developers update the game every 20 days so by the time it isn't early access anymore, maybe it won't have any more issues. Anyway I'll retry playing the game once it is finished :)"
76561198075347367,Recommended,307880,17404158,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Devilblacknova,good
,Not Recommended,307880,19314620,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,terry309,"When will developers realize that videogames are meant to be fun? Because THIS GAME ISN'T FUN.I mean I could complain for hours about how little death matters in this game because there is literally no punishment for death but the biggest complaint I have is simply the fact that this game is a faff and the only reason it is is because like most early access games, the developer's choice of direction for the game absolutely stinks.Now this game coulf be something great but they would have to remove almost every single feature and start from scratch using the same assets.Food and Warmth are a really irritating mechanic as it restricts exploration. Plus the compass is so damn complicated, how the hell is anyone supposed to know where the hell they're going. Building stuff is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as hell simply because everywhere you build it leaves seams in the wall because if doesn't match the terrain.In addition, combat so far (I say so far because there may be improvements in the future) is basically whack an enemy to death simulator and pray you don't bleed out. You can't block which is stupid and overall, combat just isn't fun.Now I realize this is in Early Access and it's constantly improveing but this doesn't change the developer's direction of the game.Do you want to know what the problem with this game is? I'll tell you. REALISMSeriously, ♥♥♥♥ realism in games. If it's done right then fair enough but this is not done right, it's just pure tedium. Everywhere looks the same and exploration isn't fun to do and even if the devs worked more on the world mapping, it would still be boring because of the heat and food feature. Plus the fact that every time you use your weapons damages them is a pain because it's a constant back and forth to repair it. Another problem is mining. Why is it some rocks can be mined and others can't? I just want some stone so I'll hack at that rock on the coatsline... wait why am I not getting stone?The worst part about this is, the game has you running back and forth doing very repetitive tasks. I mean, sure a lot of survival games do this but it's not as extreme as this.Adding survival gauges doesn't make the game harder, it just makes the game mroe tedious. Management in this game doesn't exactly take skill, it's just a nuisance. As such the so-called ""difficulty"" of this game is nonexistant, rather instead of difficulty, it's just painfully tedious to play."
76561198098001782,Not Recommended,307880,20007698,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MOTHERDUCKER,it sucks balls
,Not Recommended,307880,16710626,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Limey21,"To many of these EA survival games , they are all the same at the end of the day, not worth it imo."
,Not Recommended,307880,23228969,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Shonuff,Game's beatable within a few hours. Nothing else to do after you build everything.
,Not Recommended,307880,23231688,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,FullBitGamer,"Simply painful to play.EDIT: In response to the developer wanting more info, which I am happy to discuss, and truly happy to see they are interested in improving the game.PROS:+ The game is simply unique, it has a Skyrim snowy norse vibe that is appealing to the eye.+ The sound design is well done, especially for an Indie.+ The enemies are great, spooky but very cool, you WANT to get up close and enjoy them.+/- The systems in place are sensible as far as crafting but combat is lacking. Hits feel weak and enemies are far to strong in the early game.+/- The world is very bland at times, the snowy island loses its charm quickly- Fighting a deer for twenty minutes is the worst early game ever, hit, run, hit, run, repeat.- Enemies are better than you, at everything, a skeleton will destory you, fast.- The interface is BAD, like Diablo 1 bad. Clunky, Ugly, unintuitive.- The moevment feels artifically and painfully slow, possibly to make up for what appears to be a    smaller than normal survival game world.These reasons are why I refunded the game after a little over an hour or so of playtime(I know it says 0.7hrs IDK why)---I have not played this game in probably 8 months, at least. It may have gotten amazing improvements since then, but this is a review of things I noticed that at the time, lost my interest, fast.This game is not horrible, it is also not great. In a genre full of stand out amazing titles, I cannot recommend Savage Lands over some of the other simply amazing survival games out there. It has love, and those that want a truly isolated and difficult survival game may well enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,307880,17523967,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,"brb he said, while i was waiting","The pictures at the store page is a lie!When i first entered the game after i watched the pictures of the store page i was very excited, but after that i wasn't.Cause then i came in the Graphics were awful, why even a snowy place? You even die fast at the start and it makes me not wanna play this game, hope its the same for you, and even the Inventory looks awful and the rest of it just EWW, just go play Counter-Strike: Global Offensive already."
76561198154784813,Recommended,307880,18796637,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,davejacquie2009,i find this game really hard to play and keep dieing at this time .hope i get better at it because i like the game
76561198067080774,Not Recommended,307880,17761967,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Stringfellow Hawk,bored already
76561198069812789,Not Recommended,307880,16108194,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,YoloMcHashSwag,"Another game like rust or any of the other survival early access games that seem to be the rage now. Scarce resources you absolutely have to have, but won't really find without hours of farming then the sweet embrace of death. Just wait for a snow storm to come in which forces you to seek shelter that often results in you being pinned down until some creatures come murder you."
76561198038206586,Not Recommended,307880,17465402,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,scooterblenny417,This game is vastly disapointing in every way and fails to deliver to its trailer and is not worth twenty dollars as of right now
,Not Recommended,307880,18978030,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Hra.Katti,I don't want to even bother making a long indepht review on this game. It's just horrible. I do admit i only played for 22 minutes but i just couldn't play anymore especially with other survival games competeting with this game
76561197994428685,Not Recommended,307880,19888206,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,dVs,This game just lacks in every aspect and it seems the developers just gave up.  Pretty pathetic attempt to rip off skyrim.
,Not Recommended,307880,23495052,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,TOP EU + 4 anchors,"Guys , i cant launch game , unknown error , but beta version is fine(legacy i mean)."
76561198035683048,Not Recommended,307880,23484793,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Whiskey4Two,"Pro: Very detailed. You can make things and build things. Big area to explore.Cons: Monotony, tedium, and repetition. Followed by repetition, more tedium, and much more repetition.Watching the VIEW is actually repetitious than this game."
76561198188910934,Not Recommended,307880,19895423,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,LookTheCow,wht happened to the updates?
76561198061370729,Not Recommended,307880,18332181,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,buffalosoldier,"Died after I couldn't find my necessary items, when I respawned, everything was gone. It appears items don't respawn, and all my stuff was in the depths of the woods with wolves, skeletons, and the elements....and I was nude.This could be a great game, but right now, it seems to only be good for harcore players."
76561197961036306,Not Recommended,307880,15300761,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Kroto,GAME BORING NO BUY!
76561198004088114,Not Recommended,307880,18045681,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Fattyshow,The screenshots look nice but the game itself looks awful even on max graphics with GTX 970.Also the game lacks different types of enemies.
76561198003496413,Not Recommended,307880,18047008,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,void,"Played 3 hours.Got a lot of stuff crafted. Gear, weapons.Got a lot of stuff to be crafted.Got a lot of food.Relogged and I was naked and all is gone.Deleteing the game.Unrealiable."
76561198029086111,Not Recommended,307880,19000648,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Cinder-chan,"It's just another survival game, and it feels a little worse than the rest. Clunky controls, very few options, and awful sound."
,Recommended,307880,34542126,Posted: 27 August,all,Cylix,"This game is so sneaky, I forgot it was even on my library"
76561198263164536,Not Recommended,307880,23338788,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ALWAYS THUMPIN,"YEAH THIS GAME IS THE GREATEST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED PERIOD, WOULD GLADLY WASTE ANOTHER 15 DOLLARS ON THE SETTINGS MENU TO CHANGE GRAPHIC DIVERSITY. ALSO STOP MAKING BROKEN♥♥♥♥♥GAMES <3. IF YOU HAVE SOLUTIONS PLEASE FEEL FREE TO BE A♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,307880,25469229,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Nebo,This game was very♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197993666152,Not Recommended,307880,14796227,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Toad,You die of cold before you can do anything....
76561198129621457,Not Recommended,307880,16005610,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Mewtwo Chainz,game sucks
,Not Recommended,307880,18707405,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ExVasterist,"Not What I expected. I expected to love the game immediately, but after trying it out I wish there was a demo.If you have The Forest or Ark Survival Evolved, there isn't much of a difference if you get this game - you'll feel like you're playing a slower paced version of one of those games.I wish my opinion of it was epic, but instead its just ""eh....no""."
76561198242346726,Not Recommended,307880,22042244,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,max.kaufman,DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY! on this game it is crap
76561198122873617,Not Recommended,307880,17368952,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Giinseng,"THIS GAME IS TERRIBLE. PLEASE. DO NOT BUY THIS. IT LOOKS AND PLAYS NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURES. 1/10 STARS   - Im running a Intel® Core™ i7-5930K Processor (6-cores, 15MB Cache, Overclocked up to 3.9 GHz w/ Turbo Boost) Alienware, and specs maxed out, this game still ran sluggish, gameplay was massivlely flawed and lacking. Just an overall terrible experience. I sincerely mean this, Do not waste your money on this game. I would pay maybe 38¢ and a bag of gushers to play this game. MAYBE."
76561198048696491,Not Recommended,307880,20816383,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Paraquatz [Mac],"Devs are totally treats their customers in uttely despise, thus I wasn't ever bestowed a honour to get response from them WHY BETA GAME IS KEEPING CRASHING ALL THE TIME I'VE TRIED TO PARTICIPATE IN THE BETA... THEY NEVER EVER HAD RESPONDED TO ME!!!"
76561198090449505,Not Recommended,307880,23730610,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,chaunavegante,"In the beginning, when I bought this game in Debember 2015, SL worked perfectly as in an Intel card as in a Nvidia in linux. Nowadays doesn't work with both graphic cards.Cuando lo compré en diciembre de 2015 el juego funcionaba perfectamente tanto en una tarjeta intel como en una nvidia en Linux. Ahora no funciona con ambas."
,Not Recommended,307880,15802141,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Benjamin Trotter,worst game I have played
76561198260648064,Not Recommended,307880,29120810,Posted: 8 January,all,568,is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198009199933,Recommended,307880,14746361,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Enrg Bar,very fun a little difficult to start off but once u get going and learning where things are and what they do your good.
76561198014893519,Recommended,307880,30541559,Posted: 16 March,all,woppmof,"It's all about walking around like in skyrim, killing monsters and crafting better stuff.If you like that, give it a try. (Skyrim is much better)The fighting system feels mediocre and the monster ai has errors. You can walk behind some monsters and hit them, they will not notice your attacks.They should  imitate the skyrim fighting system, or invent something more impressive."
76561198067869074,Not Recommended,307880,14752800,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Xanfu,"As of right now this one is going to get a thumb's down. I realize this is very early for the game, but if you can pay for it, you can review it.Pros:- The game has potential if they keep building on the foundation that's already there.- I like the fantasy.- Night can be awful and scary fun at the same time.- There's a dragon!!!Cons:- All the mobs hit you at random it seems, so I think that there needs to be some work with the dodging and mob attack area.- The game really adds nothing to the genre of all the other games just like this, except the fantasty aspect?- Not enough content.- You can't interact in any way with the dragon...=("
,Not Recommended,307880,17387417,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,hj11l,"This game has potential, yes, but it gets boring very fast. I had bought it, realized just how bad it was and got a refund. Incredibly hard to survive and little to nothing to really do other than be chased by wolves and skeletons.EDIT 8/5/2015:Response to developer-I greatly appreciate you getting back to me so soon in response to my review of Savage Lands.Here are some things that need fixed-1) Optimization is a very large issue in this game. I will admit my computer is not the greatest, but still even on lowest graphics the lag is unbearable. I played with a friend who had a bit better of a computer, but who still had the same issues.2) There is a general lack of actual things to do in this game. I understand that it is in early access and that it is in the process of being updated but this is a very large issue. Considering all that I did while playing was fight wolves and skeletons and die repeatedly, there is some evidence to there being issues.3) The map is made in such a way that it is almost impossible to know where you are at any given time, and as such makes finding another person who is playing extremely difficult. More variation to the map would be greatly appreciated.4) The environment certainly takes after the name of the game in that it is brutally savage. But the extent to which how difficult it is to survive is beyond reason. There needs to be at least SOME forgiveness in this game. For the short period of time that I owned it, I died at least 7 times. (That is not necessarily to say that I am just bad at the game)5) There is no real gratification from accomplishing anything in-game. There are many things that don't work as they are supposed to and serve the intended purpose (shelter).I do not mean for you to take any of this personally or in a bad way, as I truly wish to help you as a developer with this game. In all truthfullness, I had expected much more from it and had hoped to be able to play it with friends for fun. In its current state it is truly unplayable for me and for many others. I wish you the best along your long journey of improvements that must be done and that one day in the future I will look at this game again to find it greatly improved and playable. Until that point I have no regrets in having returned the game. This game does actually have potential, but needs a LOT of work. Please get back to me by commenting on my profile, friend me or reach me any way you wish.Thanks for taking the time to respond so quickly to my review as so many other developers do not care about input. The fact that you did respond makes me think that this game does have hope after all.Thanks again,Hj11l:steamhappy:"
,Not Recommended,307880,17397620,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Eazy Breezy,"nope.played once, but never played again... wasnt my choice not to play, it was the games choice... crashed on the loading screen. every. single. time.... REFUNDS PLEASE! $$$"
76561198072955925,Not Recommended,307880,15946352,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Great^Sage.Joker*Blyat,"Cant go on anything, map creation frickin stops and the update cant be found anywhere!"
,Not Recommended,307880,15879268,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,blogsg1,"no map ♥♥♥♥ this game. If you want to get lost in the woods and die. Then i suggest you get up out of chair, go walk to the nearest woods and die there it will be a lot cheaper."
,Not Recommended,307880,19401877,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,WE THE NORTH!,"This game is the same as ""Don't Starve"".. IF ""DON'T STARVE"" WAS♥♥♥♥♥♥0/10 -would refund again"
76561197965119058,Not Recommended,307880,15435262,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Laxative,I want my money back. This game was horrible. complete let down.
76561197966482518,Not Recommended,307880,16062186,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Beene,"Got this game as a gift, but I have yet to be able to enter the game (installed on a Mac Pro). I meet the installation requirements but it crashes every time. Bummer cause it looks fun."
76561198071646968,Not Recommended,307880,18293855,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,xceptionzero,A few friedns bought it and we played till we had kinda hit the limits of the game...after a couple of hours.- Very slow development- Very little in updatesKinda suspect this is a slow cash grab..kinda like bleeding someone to death very slowly.Not worth £10....not worth £1 right now and i really suspect this will drag on for years by whcih time the game will be out of date.
,Not Recommended,307880,25124481,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Ventus,Bad in most ways.Buy and set a 90 min timer. The first 90 minutes will speak for itself.
76561198053697383,Recommended,307880,17018593,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Trenton1776,Russian Simulator 10/10
,Recommended,307880,22710734,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Spam,"Spawned in, walked 10 steps, killed by Skeleton.Respawn, recover my corpse, walk 10 steps, killed by some demonic wolves.Respawn, recover my corpse, sprint past every enemy in a paniced run to the nearest bonfire.Dark Souls/10"
76561198131490741,Not Recommended,307880,24786180,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,MagicFish02,Be Careful if you are getting this game on a mac. It might not run at all for you.
,Recommended,307880,31677972,Posted: 10 May,all,jasonrfhc,"Support the DEVS!! Fun game, make sure you update game properties and go to beta build as per the update info about the game in the news section.  Savage Lands puts you down into a cold/ice harsh enviroment.  Your task is to survive first and foremost by Hunting/staying warm.  Foraging when neccessary for food, etc.  Crafting system is easy to use, click on items required and will tell you how to build them.  Once you have gained some play time and weapons you will start to advance into the second aspect of the game.  How to take down the dragons on the towers.  Remember this game is still under development but I still find myself playing it repeatedly.  AI in the game definitely needs an overhaul.  Hit box mechanics need updating for some of the creatures who will just keeping attacking air even thou you move.  Overall I told my brother to buy it so we can LAN together and kill stuff.  Overall fun game."
,Not Recommended,307880,17427952,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Vote Yes Vella,THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS
76561198123691530,Not Recommended,307880,28954690,Posted: 2 January,all,ZeRo-OnE,Game plays terriblegathering is terriblecombat mechanics are terriblegraphics are like something from wolfenstein 3Dso many bugs i cant list them allI would have rather spent my $8.99 buying a cup of coffee or a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from a hooker.This game reminds me of a completely ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of minecraft.
,Not Recommended,307880,28903201,Posted: 1 January,all,Eternity-,"Game Requirement sucks, all wrong"
76561198019414232,Not Recommended,307880,23733305,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Brothers,I was siked to buy the game but everytime i try to join a game it just crashes and idk y. I tried lower settings but it didnt help. if anyone knows a fix please speak up or i will be getting my money back and buying rust.
,Not Recommended,307880,18378931,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,buttermeupscotty | Hellcase.com,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game Dev won't even help me find the refund button.
,Not Recommended,307880,15396357,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Rainbowman,*sigh* worst game ever i want a refund no kidding i want a refund of My money back from this game
76561198240590676,Not Recommended,307880,28900973,Posted: 1 January,all,Undead Sin,DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT IT GUYS IT IS COMPLETLY♥♥♥♥♥
76561198015275473,Not Recommended,307880,19157535,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,im shit,"Pretty boring,1/10"
,Not Recommended,307880,21017428,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,junglejon,"I'm such an idiot for buying this, im returning and purchasing Skyrim, and then modding it to what I like. Game is very ruff around the edges, gameplay is sluggish. Don't waste your time."
,Not Recommended,307880,21788116,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Klorix,i did a refund... and i got 6 kr back... ♥♥♥♥ you steam
76561198143714728,Not Recommended,307880,17056003,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Sligg,"It was ♥♥♥♥ing wierd, if you buy it after this review then you are wierder."
76561198051987185,Not Recommended,307880,18070899,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,MachoMan,Caveman Simulator 2015. Only without caves. And with dragons.15/11 -IGN
76561198096990587,Not Recommended,307880,17376625,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Freshmeat,"I was smiling when every single upadated release. Less content, game is superb boring. Honestly i regret bought it."
76561198045119130,Not Recommended,307880,20311745,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,rugbyrod,it gets to end of load bar then crashes
76561198092369007,Not Recommended,307880,20370931,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Chlorophyll,"I know I didn't play long but jeez.I feel like I got bored after 5 minuites of playing, and there really is not much to do AT ALL.Game is badly optimised. I can run GTA 5 on full settings, 60 fps.But with this garbage game, i couldn't even get 60 fps on low settings. how does that even make sence?Over all. I give this game a 3/10."
76561198052369937,Not Recommended,307880,14941343,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,adadika,"It blows if you die you loose all, no way to go back before death. you loose all,"
76561197996621341,Not Recommended,307880,15990913,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,RICK SANCHEZ,This game should be called: Run naked for an hour trying to find an axe and then die.
76561198001507476,Not Recommended,307880,23046774,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Chizzle,blows mate
76561198154223611,Not Recommended,307880,23076045,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Aidan,Trash
,Not Recommended,307880,18884737,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,T'Challa,"This game was the biggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I've played since War Z. It was ""stand by campfire"" simulator 2015. If there was a tutorial that was worth a♥♥♥♥♥♥you might just be able to navigate the devil's cold ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a world it throws you in. ♥♥♥♥ this game. bernie sanders 2016"
,Not Recommended,307880,28991777,Posted: 3 January,all,✪MTM,Worst ♥♥♥♥ing game ive ever paid for.
,Not Recommended,307880,23278990,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Biological Entities,DO NOT BUY
76561197985698983,Not Recommended,307880,14754463,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Tendeep,"I just want to start by saying that I feel this game has potential.  Solid concept, solid feel, solid graphics, solid gameplay, but sub par mechanics/vision.After playing for the first time, and only a short while today, nothing makes me want to hop back in and continue playing.  Maybe I was expecting something this game is not, but I personally felt like I spent far to much time simply trying not to die due to poor game mechanics.  Always trying not to starve, or freeze, and was hardly able to enjoy the game world, was not able to craft much, was not able to explore combat much before I simply died.  Combat is clunky and attacks land, but dont really hit any sort of ""hit box.""  Armor degrades at extreme rates.  I felt like while I was playing, the game forced me to rush, rush, rush to obtain scarce resources just to be able to grind more... well, more of the same thing, resources to not die -  a never ending cycle, with little reward or fun to actually play the game, explore the world.In summary, this game felt like I was constantly chasing that carrot on a stick, and over time, that carrot turned into just a stick that I now wish to just toss aside.Maybe it is just me, but this game, to date, felt like a grind, to simply not die to exposure - and I do not find this enjoyable one bit.I hope others enjoy this game, and that the DEV team keep at it, but for now, I was saddened by what I can only explain as a great concept that simply didnt keep my attention."
,Not Recommended,307880,14919053,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,real nigga,"Before buying this game, keep in mind that its a scam. The developing studio is a scam. They have made a lot of early acces games they earned money for, but then abonded them. So I do not recommend doing a wrong thing and buying it, like I did.Otherwise, this game would be pretty promising, but it sucks that its just a scam."
76561198154097599,Not Recommended,307880,21882066,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Kye Is Here,my game wont load
76561198136773483,Not Recommended,307880,18120022,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,bahoog,Not a very interesting game.
76561198028990816,Not Recommended,307880,28929357,Posted: 1 January,all,8BitJake,nope
,Not Recommended,307880,20360635,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,thedomi,this game is not good in any point.playtime 3h cant get refund cus limit is 2h.accual playtime 1h1h alt+tabnet1h to try get in game with friend.looks fun in video but the gameplay is like a limp cow.
,Not Recommended,307880,16274879,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,AeroCT,"Just another mindless ""survial"" cash grab"
76561198061736104,Not Recommended,307880,18649726,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Thero,This game is ebola
76561198048338872,Recommended,307880,31037239,Posted: 9 April,all,Gobo,"Awsome game dont listen to everyone else , just give them your money !"
76561198008783885,Not Recommended,307880,15645161,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,toddwholmes,WOW can't believe there are no rocks on this world.  HORRIABLE game.
,Not Recommended,307880,20123459,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,doggo,this game sucks
,Not Recommended,307880,20362322,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Lollerofls,No community or servers to speak of almost at all. Dont waste your money. Maybe one day they'll have a product but not now.
76561198143592685,Recommended,307880,22854590,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Feron,purty good
76561198050681476,Not Recommended,307880,24187296,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Commander Kobals,1. Dont buy trash/unfinished game.2. Enjoy your day.
,Not Recommended,307880,25129227,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Larania,"Wow.. I started the game and it's just a pure black window of abyss. Left it running like that for 5 minutes just so I can put a review.I am not even INTO the game yet and I'm already experiencing a problem.I've played lots of Early Access games and this is the first time I encountered something like this.This is so much worse than Early Access.But hey, at least they replied to my help in minutes, asking me to do stuff for them and if nothing is done after that.I'm refunding this.This will probably be the last time I will buy any Early Access games.. Early Access release games are getting worse now..I'm not telling you to refrain from the game.. just think about it.EDIT:After a few tweaking on my own just to get the game working without help from the support. Thank you very much.I can safely say this game is GENERIC."
,Not Recommended,307880,28932712,Posted: 2 January,all,Nauticas,nah.
76561197975857249,Not Recommended,307880,14760850,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,FibbZ,"Not complete enough to spend the money on. If your expecting 7 Days to Die or The Forest thrills of fun. This game will dissapoint you in its current stage. Notice anyone playing it has only 1-7 hours usually. Nothing to really do. Minimal items to craft. Very little to build. You cant even interact with the dragon. Yes i ran to him, killed some stuff, made a house, had tons of food. Cant store stuff. Only thing left to do was log off. The fighting mechanic is you hit them they hit you, no chance of avoiding it. Maybe in the future this game has a chance to be something great but, at this point. Reviews are not what something can be tho. As is, i am pretty sad i spent money on it in its current form. P.S. Ive spent 450+ hours on 7 days to die. Im a pretty hardcore gamer on thees types."
,Not Recommended,307880,19896051,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,goracersjoe8,DO NOT BUY
76561198189875528,Not Recommended,307880,18349006,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,✰Kei✰,"I got my money back after less than half an hour, this game has no tutorial, so its a ""get ur A$$ in there and FHUK off"" type of game, controls are meant to be played by r3tardz on morphene, the crafting is $hit,  fought a r3tarded dragon with bad AI, no other enemies in sight, literally its barren, ohh and did i forget to tell you about the r3tarded dragon.....DEVS...MAY YOU GENEROUSLY GO FHUK YOURSELVES."
76561198092171474,Not Recommended,307880,23888282,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,PhanTasM,"this game continues to be so god awful,.. i log in now and then,.. they keep saying there are changes,.. i don't notice them,.. maybe it's the C grade Ark feel,.. and Ark is horrible on it's own,..THERE ARE A TOTAL OF 2 THATS RIGHT 2!!! Public servers... and they each have 1-3 people on them,..so maybe they all got together for the video on this page,.. because lol wow does that thing over represent itself lolit's like Macho Man going OOOOOH YEHH!!!! over a piece of trash meat... loli regret buying it,.. the textures in the video don't even seem the same as in game..my system is an i7-4790k (nepton 140xl cooler)32 gb Kingston Beast RamAsrock X97 Killer Fatal1ty Mobo2 R9 390x in Crossfire (auto uncrossfire for games unsupported) (waiting for 2017HBM cards to replace)a V1200 PlatinumOS is on a Predator 120gb M.2 SSDmain games are on dual 512gb Mushkin Reactor SSD in my Raid bay (HIGHLY moddified HafX942)and the rest on a 2TB WD Black HddAND THIS GAME STILL RUNS LIKE COMPLETE♥♥♥♥♥♥LOL... no Matter what settings..i'm going to have to start doing Let's Play Sessions for these horrible games so we can all have a laugh together.so yeh,.. don't be one with regrets as well!...DayZ.60 is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing buy that instead! at least it has servers,.. over 500.. and it's gorgeous"
,Not Recommended,307880,21921422,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Orange-kun,"This game is bad, is slow paced, too unforgiving and has a bad performance.can only recomend this to autistic masochist who love crafting/survival games where you cant Proberly Craft/survive unlessyou devote immense amount of time to it."
76561198022624903,Not Recommended,307880,15509830,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,LOKI THE NORSE GOD,I love this game but after the update I lost three of my worlds I created all my stuff I had so much stuff it's ridiculous and now it's all gone this is bull crap I bought this game when it came out and now I'm no longer a supporter of it you need to fix this problem I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off all my hard work is gone because of a damn update that was today April 23rd 2015
,Not Recommended,307880,28546842,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ish,thank god for the option to refund
76561198290101513,Not Recommended,307880,21950294,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,NorwedishViking,Lags a lot
76561197960379855,Not Recommended,307880,17390109,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ZeroXephon,"If you like standing in front of rocks hitting them over an over again to make smaller rocks, then this is the game for you! If you want to be confused to all hell right off the bat with the awful turorial and have to watch several ""lets play"" videos to understand wtf is going on, BUY THIS GAME NOW! If you ever wanted to dwell in a land where the cretures get inexplicably super powered once the sun goes down, LOOK NO FURTHER! I once again got suckerd into another mediocre survival game doing mundane tasks to make marginal gains because the few youtube videos I looked at made the game look epic.  I think I got all of 30 minutes into this game before accidently eating my own arm out of sheer frustration and boredom. This game was the final nail in coffin for me for the survial genre.  Good bye cruel world! 4/10"
76561198014711119,Not Recommended,307880,23652452,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Luminko,"Extremely early access when I played it... It was so basic, literally nothing was in the game apart from 1 or two monsters. #ForeverAlpha"
76561198031254429,Not Recommended,307880,22004212,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Olafr_the_Viking,I didn't enjoy this game. I love other games from this genre - e.g. ARK and Life is feudal - but this game didn't catch me in the same way.Conclusion: Requested a refund.
,Not Recommended,307880,24685238,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,њ,My computer burned out when I started the game on Low
76561198107366596,Not Recommended,307880,18866617,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Diddypuff2,This game is so bad and I can't see it getting better as the development is slow as hell.
76561198055601112,Not Recommended,307880,25138579,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,egamer1,This game sucks!!!.....
76561198123524660,Not Recommended,307880,17392823,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Terrorism,"Im so sorry but im telling the truthe this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥and i cant stand that it is a rip off and it a copy of rust,skyrim, and the forest please dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥game save your money and buy diffrent game i will never buy another game from this company they are going to leave this game like the did there others sorry THIS Sucks."
76561198030498765,Not Recommended,307880,17437355,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,THE MORTARING JEW,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME DO NOT BUY THIS GAME DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL FULL RELEASENO resourcesNO animals or enemysNO CONTENT WHAT SO EVERas you read this the game is very early access it should NOT have been released so early, i have a new name for this game why not call it '' stand by fire '' as the game consist of you not doing anything but stand where it is warm for 60 % of the game which is a very long time in real life. even though its supposed to be be terrible at this stage im still writing a bad review.its got some promising features but the game is so far that bad i dought its even worth playing upon full release.the only reason i came here was because h1z1 is so much better but im waiting on a server wipe for that game. i did purchase this game for 6 dollars and im tellin you its not even worth playin for free"
76561198162989546,Not Recommended,307880,20719188,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,♫☀MellowYellow☀♫,Hey ♥♥♥♥ you guy MLG MOTHER ♥♥♥♥A
,Recommended,307880,25173380,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Deathtopia Virtuoso Suicide,"…….…………………….¸„-^""¯ :\_ / o '""*'""¯/' WOOF WOOF……………………¸„„-^""¯ : : : : : : : : ¸„,-~""**¯¯¯'^^~-„„„----~^*'""¯ : : : : : : : : : :¸-"".:.:.:.:.„-^"" : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :- GIVE THIS CUTE DOG:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: : : : : : : : : : ¸„-^¯ TO PEOPLE YOU CARE ABOUT.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. : : : : : : : ¸„„-^¯:.' : : '\ : : : : : : : ;¸„„-~""¯:.:.:: :""-„""""***/*'ì¸'¯:.': : : : :""-„ : : :""\.:.:.: : : : :"" : : : : \,:.: : : : : : : : : : : : 'Ì: : : : : : :, : : : : : :/""-„_::::_„-*__„„~""."
,Not Recommended,307880,19861995,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,susqect frosti,worst game ever...
,Not Recommended,307880,27672949,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,thunderbvddy,So aids that is all i can sayso aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...so aids...
76561198253754523,Not Recommended,307880,18732308,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Ecstasy Erik,♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥to broken game
,Not Recommended,307880,18791537,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Señor Ben Chang,So much potential... but no.
,Not Recommended,307880,23817819,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Corbinator. [the stimulator],Savage lands... more like Savage Refund!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!!!!!!!!!!!!! buy victor fran 5 dollars beats this game!!
76561198014425755,Not Recommended,307880,25096672,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Rooolig,The refund button
,Not Recommended,307880,25420208,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Thrinin Axehandler,BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD
,Not Recommended,307880,16376128,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Is-Aech,"I feel like this game is a waste of money, Don't but it, the mouse sensitivty is too high and you can't change it brightness can make your head hurt, put 2 and 2 together and its epelitic prone, do not buy."
,Not Recommended,307880,17979711,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Super Moist,ne struva
,Not Recommended,307880,17912407,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,nhoJ csgoroll.com,INCREASE THE MOVEMENT SPEED GOD DAMN IT
76561198085109035,Not Recommended,307880,20414273,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Jazzy Poo,SO bad
,Not Recommended,307880,25102378,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,jm,not good. that is all.
76561198123556639,Not Recommended,307880,17390331,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Skyman3009,this game is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t its not fun at all. like take this game and shove it up ur butt and it still would not be fun like i would rather just use a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,307880,23622643,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Snitch Bitch # CSGOTITAN.NET,"Best idiot game, ever !"
76561198079417895,Not Recommended,307880,17390300,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,mice,♥♥♥♥♥♥glitch 4/20
76561198118323803,Not Recommended,307880,23160976,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Grand Admiral Thrawn,Just Dont Buy it Its Bad Really BAD
76561198085264205,Recommended,307880,30460456,Posted: 11 March,all,Teabagn,"This is a tought review to give.  On one side you have the devs who have basically given up on the game which really sucks.  On the other side I've realllllly enjoyed this game.  I've read of people have issues and bugs but I myself have yet to run into a single one but I currently only have 10 hours of game play so there is still much more for me to explore.  The crafting is fun and a little different from other games crafting style.  Combat is pretty basic, nothing special but not crappy either.  I honestly enjoyed surviving against the harsh enviroment and exploring.  If this game was on sale for $9.99 I'd tell anyone to buy it because even without future updates it's still an awesome game as is.  I have no regrets buying this game.  Devs or no devs this game is still fun to play."
,Not Recommended,307880,23777052,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Buzz,this is the worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ive ever played
,Not Recommended,307880,23710501,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Cyprus_,Not recommended
76561198058693019,Not Recommended,307880,25116248,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,samajesT,lol
76561198055356391,Not Recommended,307880,14751276,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,thewizardchrist,"No tutorial, spent 20 minutes or so slowly dying while trying to figure out how to make a simple camp fire. Had wood, Had flint, Could make torches, Couldn't seem to make a camp fire.You can chase down deer with a stone axe.Classic back up while swinging to fight wolves.Die because you cant make a fire on the ground, only torches.....go figure.Game feels clunky while moving, very rough shod.Nothing special here, pretty basic survival game."
,Not Recommended,307880,17962224,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Goobers,Put it this way(Go Down)(Read More)♥♥♥♥♥♥:)
76561198003299699,Not Recommended,307880,18871834,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Maxwellsmarts,"I had no idea this was Early acess. I went back and the page that shows it on sale says absolutely nothing about early acess and when I clicked into the dretails, there is virtually nothing there to tell the buyer it's early acess but I guess that's by design.I'm trying to get a refund now but why are you taking advantage of your paying customers like that, Steam?"
,Not Recommended,307880,14748752,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,ultitimas3,i want a refund
,Recommended,307880,17409130,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,clickbait,"So far so good. I was able to die, collect random things, die again, and then build a house which I immediately lost. 12/10!"
,Recommended,307880,17374120,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,DMStewart,"This is pretty early beta. But its come a long way since it was first available in early access; the most recent updates seem to have brought the best overall polishing to the game.Graphics need to be polished...bad. But thats something that can come later. As of right now its strange how poorly it runs even with the graphics not being that demanding.If you are like me and really like getting in on Early Access and watching the games develop then by all means pick it up. But dont buy it because ""it got a lot of good reviews"". Those players dont read reviews and then later♥♥♥♥♥♥and moan that the game has problems. The real Early Access fans will be like me and buy it based on a friend's experience or watching gameplay online."
76561198131349131,Recommended,307880,17410017,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Spoogle,This is a good game that represents a multiplayer feel of skyrim.I hope the devs don't quit on itForsaken Uprising is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,307880,17410992,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Virles,"Waow, a good game.-This is the first survival I ever liked. I have been playing many differnt survival games and they just didn't say me a thing.-For me, it's feels very differnt and very Viking-like, because of both the graphic and the armors and weapons-I highly recommand this game if you like old-Viking-like-games... hunting, mining, wolf and skeletons, then this is a game for you!- also, better bring some friends with you, this game is very hard to play solo, or just join an online multiplayer server.~ have fun ;)Can't wait for more updates! :D...oops, did i forgot to mention there's also a DRAGON and a FOREST GIANT!?"
76561198024885476,Recommended,307880,17465953,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,linncie,"Far too few resources and I miss a map. I could like the game alot if these two things were different. It is frustrating to enjoy the game and not be able to survive simply because the resources are so scarce.UPDATE:  Things have gotten better since the update and I am enjoying it a lot more. A map would be so very useful. My biggest frustration at this point is getting lost. Also having a source of food such as berries, fishing would be great. If berries are in the game I have never found them. Thank you for your help :)"
,Recommended,307880,17442158,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,WeaselCEO,"After being put off initially I grew to like this game, there is potential there, and it seems a dedicated developer who wants to shape a game for his community."
,Not Recommended,307880,16264078,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,lauri,"It's not a game what I would recommend, yet. This game has a lot of potential and I know the developers are working hard to make it great."
,Recommended,307880,18035227,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Zimmy Zam,Well Its unique idea and concept makes this game interesting and the building is like the forest. so its pretty damn nice
,Recommended,307880,18886865,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Roy,"This game has a lot to improve in  terms of content and optimization,but it has great potential in it.Single-and multiplayer are still very fun even despite the bugs."
,Recommended,307880,14821998,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Cunning Linguist,"It's fun, and slightly addictive and also rage inducing when you die because you can't find a rock. It has a lot of potential, it's like DayZ and Minecraft blended or something. Of course there's a few fails as it's early access, but yeah it's got lots of potential. I hope they add a tutorial, because I spent my first couple of lives trying to figure out how to craft the simplest things, etc. Also it'd be nice to have a female character/be able to pick what your character looks like.Brb, going to platy some more."
76561198000593809,Not Recommended,307880,30647706,Posted: 21 March,all,Holzauge,I got this game in the EARLY BETA and now two years after release i have to say that im very disappointed. This GAME had a lot of potential.  A FEW SIMPLE UPGRADES would have made this game great.Like finding Native NPCs on the island you can bribe or dominate to work for you.Some other USEFULL buildings . Like Fences or trenches.I WISH i had bought that other game...
,Not Recommended,307880,15904265,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Pepperidge Farms,"I've decided to change my review. This was a really fun game, and it is a unique and interesting idea, but it has gotten very boring. I find myself wandering around looking for stuff to fight, that isn't a random skeleton or a wolf. The only time I had a real challenge in a fight was when I was with a friend, and we fought off a pack of Dire Bears. I've tried time after time to play this game, but I feel like I shouldn't have to wander all over the island, and not even see a single Fury. In fact, I've only seen two Furies altogether. Now for my last complaint: It appears that the Devs have abandoned this game. The last update was 11/3/2015, almost 2 months ago. In it's current state, I just don't see myself playing this game anymore. Especially if it's abandoned.PREVIOUS REVIEW:Savage Lands is a survival game that incorporates a lot the game mechanics of The Forest, but with the feeling that you're back in Skyrim. This is such a fun game, with lots to do, and lots to see. My buddy and I went on an adventure to get an idea of how large the island was, and it is massive. It took us almost 2 hours just to walk to each corner of the map. The graphics are pretty good as well. The only complaint I have for this game really, is the sounds your character makes while eating anything. It's so damn gross sounding, it literally sounds like one of the devs got really drunk, put on a mic, and recorded themselves eating prime rib pudding. Either that, or they just were never taught manners growing up (just saying...) I highly recommend this game to anyone who is into a good survival game, that looks and feels like Skyrim."
,Recommended,307880,23212034,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,madsword26,"This game is very good it has an elder scrolls esque time frame but it's the run of mill survival. But one of the bigger parts that I like is that there is lore to the game. There are also three islands The first one being easy then the second being medium and the third being hard, and the only way to progress to the said harder island is to fight a boss or bosses to ensure that you are ready for the next island. All in all it's a very good game but still needs work"
,Recommended,307880,24284457,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Shootter87,As it stands now the enemies are extremely challenging so good luck.
76561198213278123,Recommended,307880,24306246,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,BlackDeath,"I played this game like for 2 hours, and I can say that this game's idea is great... AND this game have horrible FPS drops, game have few gliches and yes.. killing enemies exept other players is boring and unchallengin, game requires good internet connection or it's just another bug.. But hey don't forget that it's early development game. Just like rust and other open world survival games on the begining always being a piece of s*hit, let see how it will change like in 1 year. I bet i will be great. -- Still quite fun to play, I Recommend to buy this game few months later."
,Recommended,307880,23333027,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ZOMBIESLAYER967,i cant find any ore other then tin in the new update. i love. absolutly love this game otherwise. but ive looked through tones of ore and stone to find anything. but i found nothing.
,Not Recommended,307880,18902136,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,(SCI) LG EmBeR,it would be fun but evern with all settings on low its a lag fest and takes abount an hour to load worlds
76561197970940291,Not Recommended,307880,15199662,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,O�tho,"For me, this game is absolutely gripping and I simply cannot get enough of it... A big well done to the developers... why,  because the balance between surviving and meeting your doom is just about perfect. If you like survival games, in my opinion this one is way above the others (and I have them all). I've spent 38 gaming hours on this the last couple of days and survivng longer as I learn the best way between that fine line of living or dying. Forget all the others, this is the one you are looking for, trust me!Many updates later and it's not good news!"
,Recommended,307880,24866380,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,FLOUS3Y,"I started playing this game not long after its initial relaease, to be honest it had a very short shelf life in terms of playablility and I left it alone for a great while. I was pleasantly suprised, therefore when I hopped on for a look at it's latest iteration, and saw the amount of work that has been done on it. It is now a great PVE experiance, still buggy, but in terms of content and the concepts they have brought to the game, it is well worth it's pricetag. Good work devs, keep it coming."
,Recommended,307880,24908359,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,BabiesEater,Fun to play with a friend :D
76561198182156483,Recommended,307880,22712796,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Boris,5 starsbefore huge update game was much easier
,Recommended,307880,22805853,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,VillaDanKnight,well i just started playing it and i is much harder survival for a few reasons one it has some problems with physics but for what i played its fun and a bit unbalanced there isnt a tutorial or at least i didnt notice it but i will say if you have friends with computers that can handle the game then get it and play with friends and if you are a youtuber like me then give it a look at its unique in its own way its like skyrim meets the long dark but with worse graphic and physics but still good i would recomend playing it at least once and i will say this you will need more then what the system requirments say here on steam but not much morekeep this noted i only played one hour so after i get a good amount into the game i will update my review so hope this helps some
76561197993038328,Not Recommended,307880,19468213,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Froget,EDIT:i had to turn this review into a negative one and im sorry...and not!used to work now its not. bye
76561198159448261,Not Recommended,307880,20834511,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Phantom2014,i uesd to love this game i realy did they are making it wors every update i wish i could ask for my money back but steam has that 2 hour rule dont waste your time with this game it lags it cant be beat you get stuck every where you jus cant play with out screaming who ever made it should give back all the money and ask for people to keep playing if you whant to check out a real game it looks fun never played but i wish i did midevil engineers oh and elit dangerouse is so fun i love it it rock try it out rather than this junk and just check out somthing els dont give this game eny more credit it sucks and the people who made it will profit off making people miserable and theres more but id rather not waste my time and yours DONT BUY THIS WORTHLES GAME ITS IS THE WORST GAME EVER AND ARK TO IT FOLLOWS THE SAME CONCEPT TRUST ME OR MY PARENTS I DONT CARE IF YOU BUY IT THEN YOULL WISH YOU DIDINT
,Not Recommended,307880,19960724,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,PotatoHead,I will change my opinion of this game once it recieves a metric ♥♥♥♥ ton of optimization. There are very low spec recommendations and i have a hard time running it with hardware that is 10 times better.
,Not Recommended,307880,17418935,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,X!r!k4,"Once upon a time I saw a survival game named ""Savage Lands"" that seems to look great, but upon playing it starts to lag like hell, it seems to have a great need of optimization and that pretty graphics that look so nice in promo videos, oh... that graphics looks terrible ingame. I was really disappointed... and so I asked for a refund. The End."
,Recommended,307880,16478778,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ακακιος,"I did not recommend this earlier but I do now. The game is alot of fun once you get into it. You can build your own village with enough effort and become a ""Dragonborn"". And a huge plus is the developers are active and release new updates every week. The game has upgraded alot and now you can even customize how your character looks If you feel unsure about the game then look up a youtube video and see if it fits you. The only critical problem I see right now is that the wolves spawn sometimes near me in a herd of 5 at night."
,Recommended,307880,17696698,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,The Atomic Penguin,"TLDR:Deeper game than I expected. 30 hours in so far & I can't stop playing it.::The Good::VERY active Dev team. Constantly updating with major improvements.There's a lot to like about this game. I didn't see it at first, so instead of looking below to see what I initially disliked about the game, Read this instead. I promise it will be MUCH more helpful & informative than my initial rant.http://steamcommunity.com/app/307880/discussions/1/523897277919293069/::The Bad::Not worth mentioning.*Ignore everything way below. It doesn't matter.*I was looking at the wrong things before. Left here to prove that even idiots like me can change their mind after finding the game I wasn't looking for buried under my stupid complaints.Updated Review @ 4 hours inMy 2cents:It's not a positive review, and for that I apologize to the Devs. I wanted to like this game, especially after seeing it described as open-world survival Skyrim. That certainly sounded fun...and I guess the base mechanics are there for that description, I just could not personally find any real enjoyment in actually playing the game.I am NOT saying this is a bad game, I am simply explaining here why I personally did not like it.You should try it yourself as you may have a completely different experience.Progress:4 hours in, half the achvs done (all basic ones), killed a lot of deer, boar, wolves & a Dire Wolf, explored a lot, mined a lot.What I don't like:It's always the graphics that keep me from really enjoying this game. They look so dated to me. Even on the highest settings I just can't feel any love for the way the game looks.Granted, graphics & art style are very subjective, and as many 8bit games on Steam (& Minecraft) can prove, graphics do not make the game. The art style here is just not one I like. The animations feel strange to me. The overall feel of the game, graphics-wise is not one I personally prefer.Also SP feels extremely lonely. I could see MP being more enjoyable just for having other people to interact with and break up the tedium.Mining:I know this isn't a voxel game, so no terrain deformation, but mining really annoys me. Mining consists of whacking large rocks while said rock spits out loot. Nothing ever actually changes visually on the rock you are mining. You just eventually stop getting loot spit out at you then move on to a new rock to whack.Combat:Combat is fine. Things work as you would expect for every weapon I've tried.Crafting:The amount of items you can craft is fine, though I find the crafting menu very unintuitive. There is no search function and finding out what you need that decayed pelt for requires leaving the game to do a search. I prefer games that let you stay in game and give you hints about what you can use items for, to let you know what you can eventually make with said pelt, etc, so you know what else to gather.*Below are my original comments after only 40min in. They were a bit harsh, but I really didn't like what I was seeing then*1) Graphics are insanely bad. I got my hopes up from the really nice screenshots, & I love survival games, so I took a chance when this went on sale.  First thing I did was try to get the graphics to look just ""nice"". Anything other than ""fabulously craptastic"" would suffice. Alas, no luck. There is nothing I can do to make the graphics in this game look anything other than truly terrible. Plus there is some weird wobbly thing going on that is headache inducing. No clue what that's about.2) Crafting. It's bad Jim. Granted, I didn't spend much time here, but what I did experience was unintuitive. The interface, to me, just did not make sense. Not like in 7 Days, where everything feels natural & easy to figure out. Again, just my opinion based on a limited amount of gameplay.I may come back to this after some future major updates to see if things have improved any.Just be aware that although my comments on crafting are strictly my 2cents & not even worth that, my comments on graphics are true. They really really suck (at least imo), especially compared to the shots featured on the store page, which I have never actually seen ingame."
76561198197051722,Recommended,307880,22290952,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Zaharias,Though it still needs some work on a few bugs this game is turning out to be a good find have only a few hours into the game but its shaping up to be a great find and can see me spending a lot more hours on the game in the days to come
,Recommended,307880,23212804,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Stryikerz,"Short Version:- 8/10 (up from previous 5/10)- Ok combat, is dangerous- Range of crafting materials and receipes- Graphics and models have been improved- More things to do, big area to exploreLong Version:Played again after a period of updates and such. The game is much more playable now.The game feels more unique, the crafting system isn't as clunky feeling, and feels different but still works in a good way.Gives off a Skyrim vibe without being like Skyrim.Immersive : Weather can block vision. Need for fire to keep HP more maxed. Need for food for Max Stamina.After the break, the game has definately improved, so people saying the devs have left isn't the case, its just slowly building.This could be the new 7 days to die in terms of being low expectations at the start, to rising up and being, probably, one of the best games made.Good job devs."
76561198073057218,Recommended,307880,14828789,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Ramsay Bolton,Game on
76561198158013558,Recommended,307880,19877658,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Grevok,"This is a really fun multiplayer game, and I really like playing it."
,Not Recommended,307880,20386109,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ALEXCRAZY8,good concept but the game is glitchy
76561198054771460,Not Recommended,307880,15648266,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Darth Moxy,"This being an Early Access Game, I've got to say, it really feels polished compared to other 'early access' being offered lately.The graphics on ultra are just a beauty to look at and I'd recommend anyone looking for a 'Skyrim Sim' to get this game.I'm pretty sure there are some bugs but I've yet to actually really experience it. I usually play solo.It's hard and brutal to play too. There's not even a map (though you get to make a compass) and that's made my oh so many attempts in these Savage Lands very difficult.You get a great survival game at a [Strike ]great price[/strike]-update, the devs sold it at humblebundle for $1"
76561198118734258,Recommended,307880,25249455,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Febri,"I play solo and co-op with the hubby. We both enjoy it, yes it can be hard but thats the fun of it. Lots to do and places to explore while trying not to starve or freeze to death - all fun lol :)"
76561198089303174,Recommended,307880,25706101,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,lesncc1701,"A Brilliant game and I played it for over a year and perhaps the No.1 survival game ever developed, although it still could do with some more features. . . Example. . .When creating fences and walls to keep hostiles out while constructing items from materials, we could do with gates and doorways for access from your own inner sanctum, only one building has two doorways that allows for exit and entry and that is the Gathering Hall, which I use this particular structure for this purpose. Using one doorway to access a courtyard and the other to exit into a hostile environment: When you create a fortified area, make sure that it does not include a hostile spawning point!Another feature I would like to see in the game, are some more permanent nightly luminaries to light up dark areas or used as visual glowing sign posts to destination areas, reducing the risk of getting lost. I would suggest perhaps Several crystal shards and a human skull on top of a wooden post would be the material components for this sign post: Just a thought! I got the idea from some glowing ghostly skeletons I fought on the second island inside a deserted village.Another feature I would like to see are diffrent variations of the bow, a short bow would do less damage at shorter ranges, but fires faster then a longbow. The longbow would have greater damage, fires slower for longer distances. Or perhaps introducing crossbows into the game. . . Now that could be very intresting. . . I hope the developers for this game will consider what has been written here and add some of the features primarily the glowing sign posts and gates."
76561198072814041,Recommended,307880,25680961,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,SpiritOfGreed,"Game over all really fun, just needs a bit of work to make the game one of the best there is.One thing that makes the game better is playing with friends otherwise the game is a bit slow and hard to get the hang of.Hope the few bugs that there are gets fixed soon"
,Recommended,307880,25640653,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Colonel187,"This game is pretty fun, I can see the potential of this game once it is further along and hopefully finished. I wish Ark had some of the elements that this game has like story, lore and dungeons. This game is very alpha and has issue but over all I can see the direction and so far the gameplay is pretty cool albiete not great for long term at the moment."
76561198055462962,Recommended,307880,25878908,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,MonoTonePerv,Pretty fun. Hade some nice times with people
76561198128724737,Recommended,307880,25606385,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Father Osama,It was all fun and games until the 70 torches spawned and burned down the whole townI would rate this40 Dragon scale bags spawning on dave the skeleton/Spazzy SheepWARNING to all players: dont EVER make torches :)
76561197968950343,Recommended,307880,25830753,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Olschoolgamer,"This game is still a long way from done, But there is quite a bit to do.Defintely a buy on sale if you like the building and crafting survival game in a barbarian style world."
,Recommended,307880,25996132,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,JohnnyRockstar,Has Great Potiential
76561198048359786,Recommended,307880,26005397,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,F3NR1R,"This game is still being worked on and polished, but right now it's still playable and pretty fun. The hidden lore is very fun to uncover, the enemy types are interesting and change between islands, and the sense of progression from crafting and finding new gear is very satisfying. Singleplayer is alot less buggy than multiplayer. In single player, the enemies go through actual attack animations and haven't bugged out from what I've seen so far. In multiplayer however, the enemies never give indications of attacking and just run at you, randomly damaging you on contact, and sometimes even refuse to let you fight them, just popping out of existence when approached, and re-appearing when you leave the area. Another gripe I have with this game is the lack of dedicated servers. Anything you do to restore the broken down houses feels pointless since you are probably never gonna play that server again. Either have a few servers running 24/7, or let people make their own dedicated servers. As it stands now, you'd be better off waiting for a sale rather than buying this at full price, but again, it is still very fun, and takes a good amount of time to ""finish"". I reccomend getting it when it is on sale."
76561198310894946,Not Recommended,307880,23698473,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,TLAS King,take out the attacking dragon
76561198152571250,Recommended,307880,25196942,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Desober | xygaming.com,Its a great game with lots of potential and if they keep updating it then it will probally end up being one of my favorite games. how ever it does havea  cupple of terane glitches and needs a totorial. other than that its a great game after you play it for about 3 hours and get to know what its about and how do do things
,Recommended,307880,25153112,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Sammichboss,"I really enjoy this game. I bought it in June 2015 and every time i log in to play I can see all the changes made. This is in early access so there are your fair share of bugs, but the devs are working on the game regularly.When i started, you were given the same character model as your friends and all you could do was build a home and explore the map while dodging plague hounds and dire bears.Now, a year later, it has moved me up to beta and there are mini quests/stories along the way, there's new items to craft, and different mobs to kill. This is the first game I've played where I can see the progress and I'm excited to log in every now and then to try out the new changes.I would definitely recommend this game if you're willing to wait and watch as the game progresses along the way. Play it and take a break for a while, come back and you'll be excited to play the game all over again! :)"
,Recommended,307880,25137898,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ashleyjames656,if skyrim met minecraft
,Recommended,307880,25010524,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Xykan,"At first i though this game was another dead game cashing in on the survival genre games like Rust made famous, Sure Rust is an amazing game, that is mainly PVP. Savage lands focuses alot on PVE, lost of monsters want to kill you, challenging at best. I bought this game on launch, and its great to see the Devs havent Just abandoned it like most early access game devs do.This game is probably not worth the ticket price unles you are invested in playing with friends, at which point the game has more enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,307880,22526007,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,War Boy,"My friend and I were walking around the woods at night. We heard a russlin' in the bushes and our asses clenched. Just when we were about to check the bushes, an evil wolf lunged at him and tore him apart.I ran and now I live to tell his tale... Best 2.0 hours of my life.EDIT: ABANDONED BY THE DEVS!!!! AAHAHAHA ANOTHER ONE BITES THE DUST!!!"
76561198098521362,Not Recommended,307880,17403705,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Bloodless,this is bad anymore
,Not Recommended,307880,14748751,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,The Throbbit,"Its early access, and loaded with potential. Still needs work of course but they are heading in the right direction. Worth it.REVIEW UPDATE 4/29/2016Still a long way to go.Almost thanksgiving now, No real progress in the game. Its stale and will remain so, DO NOT BUY INTO IT. Maybe check it in two years, but I think it will still be crap."
76561198086577753,Not Recommended,307880,18844491,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Danatz,January 2017.This game somehow got worse. I mean a lot worse. Let's see what happens or will it turn to be another early access fail.old review - Well... One of those games you are not sorry you bought 4-pack. Immersion is 100%. Game can be an evil ♥♥♥♥er sometimes. It's hard for me to write about the game in lenght as I spent only a short time trying not to die BUT... You will probably love it if you like the genre and actual normal people we like to call devs.
76561198057385908,Not Recommended,307880,31138808,Posted: 14 April,all,Lichenking,To never be finished...
76561197979931251,Recommended,307880,25617155,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Steelware,"This game is absolutely amazing!It's really fun exploring, gearing up and fighting the hard bosses.There is always a lot of farming for items in a survival game, but farming is part of the game.When you have to progress to win over a boss it just feels a lot more rewarding when you actually bring it down.It's also a lot more fun with a friend. Otherwise it might feel a bit lonely. I definitly recomend you to bring a friend so you can have fun with small things, since it is a sandbox type game :)"
,Recommended,307880,26224640,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Davy Jones,"Experience Russia, Minecraft, Russia, Skyrim, and Russia all in one game!Russia/10 would play again.Для Родины!!!"
76561198119494036,Recommended,307880,23001992,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Sensitive Fern,"I was really exicted to play this game for the first time; a Skyrim-sounding survival game, that sounded like a ton of fun to me. But, once I actually started playing this game, I realized some things:Pros:- interesting lore-very challenging-Harsh survival-the dev team is actually pretty involved, which is more than what can be said for many games like this.Cons:-Terrible framerate, this game is not optimized at ALL.-The Difficulty of this game can make it seem like a chore to play.I didn't like this game at all when I first started playing, but I've actually come to really enjoy it, so I can now say that yes, I DO recomend this game, It's actually a good deal of fun once you get in and start to understand its mechanics and such.Good job devs, you did good"
,Recommended,307880,27325955,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,^5Seantastic ^3Sean,theres nothing quite like running through a forest naked screaming while trying to run away from the dragon and forest giant trying to bend you over in front of your frightened brothersgreat meme
,Not Recommended,307880,31158887,Posted: 15 April,all,Steven,"well the old veirson of the alpha did not have any mutip[layer sync issues now last two verisons seem to not sync at all not as in players can not connect but like things one preson sees other person wont like AI monsters, fires, buildings so forth."
,Not Recommended,307880,17099937,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Grave Liberty,"I had recommended this game when I first came across it. Really excited about the potential I saw in it. Minecraft meets Skyrim. It really is a shame, this game could have been fantastic!"
76561198094320402,Not Recommended,307880,14752997,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Duke of Dash,Has potential?!? If the devs actually finish it
76561198026323840,Not Recommended,307880,31436012,Posted: 29 April,all,Ingvar,Tried to make a Skyrim online but failed. Do not buy!
76561198013145340,Not Recommended,307880,15850036,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Grady,Dead
76561197994006379,Not Recommended,307880,31404734,Posted: 27 April,all,Jeffwee,"this game is like when you see your best friend from high school and realize they turned into a heroine addict, RIP savage lands."
76561197975048221,Not Recommended,307880,19421464,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Refraction,Real nice looking game has a skyrim feel about it. You need to take it slow and steady to start with or you will get destroyed. Game runs smooth for me. (At time of writing) just needs a lot more content and mayde a bit of storyline that unfolds during game play then it will be fantastic game.
,Not Recommended,307880,31590109,Posted: 6 May,all,SmokingJoe112,"A few months ago the game had Mostly positive rewiews, it was a good game.If you play it alot it gets boring as hell and there are no updates."
76561198007853180,Not Recommended,307880,31645679,Posted: 9 May,all,Black Wolf,No longer supported or updated.
,Not Recommended,307880,17408968,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Templar BLONIC sez: DEUS VULT!,"Pre-mass update and abandonment of gameA fantastic, magnificent, fresh, and most of all--funnew experience in the Survival genre***Signal Studios, if you're reading this, please make the OST out for sale. The Kur dragon encounter theme is especially amazing.8.5/10, not yet complete, but it will get a solid 10 when they complete it, I'm sure of it!Have you ever played a game that feels so refreshing and new to you? This is that feeling. Even if you haven't, this will be that first feeling.EDIT:The developers have added more content, and now it feels even more refreshing and a bit more fair.SECOND EDIT: Developers are getting really smart and listening to the fanbase.This is like a mixture of Minecraft and Skyrim. The beauty of skyrim and the exploration of both games. The crafting system is unique like that of Minecraft.Although there are so many positives to this game, and you should absolutely get it, I write this review extremely infuriated. Although there are so many pros, there are cons.Pros +:http://steamcommunity.com/id/ksobenes/screenshot/421440386972373147http://steamcommunity.com/id/ksobenes/screenshot/421440386972372652OH  MY GOD THE MONOLITH!!!+Well made island that is super massive, you will definately get lost without a compass.+The game keeps you entertained throughout with its breathtaking visuals and stunning gameplay. It is truly a survival game to test your endurance, skill, and most of all-- patience.+The combat can be pretty smooth if your mouse and reflexes are good.+The Developers actuallyfixthe issues instead of shoving their thumbs firmly up their♥♥♥♥♥♥ and saying ""Nah, screw you we'll do what we want when we want!!!"". I feel a bunch of passion in this game, and they fix the issues. I removed a few cons just to show how much they listen to the player base.+Kur the Dragon fight added. Practically the new ""Forest Giant"" since the Forest Giant finally got nerfed to be soloable.+New weapons released that look very inspiring. I can tell there is going to be some casting of various things in the future if we have a sword that has a magical glow.+So many that I gave up listing them. Just buy it and see for yourself!Cons:-A.I. seems broken at times. As I write this I'm stuck naked on top of a rock while a Dire Bear and Skeleton run around it. They are also really persistant and annoying, to the point where you need to kill them for them to stop chasing them. They are a bit over powered from when you begin, and way too many wolves appear at once, making it extremely hard to stay alive. Every NPC except the skeletons do way too much damage and have way too much health when you first accidentally encounter them, at least have a loud noise of a bear/plague wolf that you can hear as soon as you get close to the area. And you have to run into them regularly in order to get to the resources you need. They end up killing you and you can't move your respawn point unless you build another one, which is impossible if you can't kill skeletons and chop wood, which is impossible because you don't have any tools upon respawning and lose everything. You have to start an entirely new character if you die while you're lost or die a few times to lead the npc's away so you can retrieve your stuffthen kill every last one of them. The A.I. keeps you staying on a rock for five minutes while you freeze to death and never stop chasing you unless you areon a rock for five freaking minutes, which in turn drains your heat meter, which in turn, lowers your health.-There needs to be a map for the entire island that draws itself out as you explore so you can get back to where you were/where you want to explore so you don't get so lost.New strategy to counteract this is a Compass, a death marker, and chopping down millions of trees to make weapon racks as a ""bread crumb"" trail.-Needs less limits on what you can and cannot craft without a blacksmith. You can practically only craft one in an area or else you will most likely die trying to build another one and cannot find it. There needs to be some kind of portable smithy or something.They added a rare ""smithy"" attached to a burned down home in old villages.-Plauge wolves spawn in the beginning parts of the island where you spawn if you go a little far at night and have eyes behind their tiny testicular organs so they can see behind them a mile away. Nearly impossible to kill with a starter hammer, and they spawn as you begin.-No bear should take 15-25 arrows to kill, even if it's a dire bear, and treat your armor like it's just wet paper.They fixed up the bears, good trade off of Power and Defense with them. Good melee blade will be able to fix them up.-No wolf pack made up of 10 wolves should do 5 damage to you when you have full armor on you and a Wolfsbane. (That's the reason I rage quit for a bit at one time.)-No wolf, bear, skeleton or any creature that ever existed would follow you to hell itself and back just to bite you. Especially when they can kill you so easily with full armor on.-Your armor breaks way too easily, especially the top tier armor, Ebon Steel.Overall, it's a great game, but it needsfixes in the NPC's and enemies. Especially how persistant they are. I haven't been this mad at a game since Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate and Sm4sh, even though how wonderful this game is.However, despite its difficulties, you cannot help but return to it. It's too much of a treasure to skip out on, especially when it's on sale. Buy it for yourself and your friends too!Post-abandonment by developers:A broken, typical indie game that grabs your money and runs with it.I had hoped that they would fix the frame rate issues(15 frames per second) and balance things out, but they completely ignored most of the criticism. The game is a mess right now, especially when they don't even update it. Every week there would be a countdown of days until the next update, but now there's nothing. If you die too early in an enemy infested then you're screwed, you have to restart and get a new world just to get the starting tools that you can't farm with your fists. I actually got to a point where I minedeverythingfrom every rock. I had to start a new world because I ran out of mining areas. The game in general is just a mess that the developers crapped on after a few updates and left. The crafting system used to be simple and easy to use, now it's near impossible and confusing to get, especially they added every conceivable material to make into a hammer or something rather than just unlock the recipes with time. The A.I. Is also incredibly stupid, since they literally chase you from one corner of the island to the next, ignoring every rock they run into. You have to freeze to death on a rock for five minutes for a single plague wolf to leave you alone.In its current state? Not worth the money. Needs big time frame rate fixes and rebalances."
76561197996299148,Not Recommended,307880,31511426,Posted: 2 May,all,Scanner,"For those thinking about getting this game, don't. Abandonware. For those who already bought it, make a category in Steam call duds and put it there."
76561198081139046,Not Recommended,307880,26022877,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,TripFire357,Absolute trash.
76561198105073569,Recommended,307880,28232247,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,wolfcry1385,Awesome suvival game :)
,Not Recommended,307880,31833997,Posted: 18 May,all,Darramouss,I can't even remember what I paid for this abandoned Skyrim cash in. Whatever it was it was too much.
,Not Recommended,307880,31826016,Posted: 18 May,all,JonRahhhhhhh,"My friend and I bought it as a goof back when it first came out, knowing it is just another one of those survival sandboxes that die out after a month and never leave Early Access.It was alright if you're high as ♥♥♥♥. It had its fun moments for the price of a burger (summer sale purchase) but unless the devs can pull magic out their asses, this genre of survival sandbox has already basically died out and the ones that are on top set a very high bar that's gonna be tough to reach (Rust, Subnautica, Battlegrounds, etc)."
76561198004993696,Not Recommended,307880,31921951,Posted: 23 May,all,Jebbry,"Was ""ok"" back when it was in Early Access.  Because you know... it was in Early Access so i had a lot of grace.  Oh... wait its still in Early Access?"
,Not Recommended,307880,31763628,Posted: 14 May,all,The Last Member Of The DK Crew,"Game had a lot of problems but the dev kept up with the game a lot. I uninstalled a while back and figured I'd check back after more progress had been made(I was really enjoying it even in its really rough state. Just came back again after a few months hoping that the dev was doing some big update.Abandoned.I really believe in early access as an idea, but devs like this really ruin it for those who use it for good."
76561198203107578,Not Recommended,307880,31782682,Posted: 16 May,all,[TBA] Father Gibbs,The most ♥♥♥♥♥est gam ever. Waste of money and waste of storage!
76561198069934737,Not Recommended,307880,31912347,Posted: 22 May,all,Purple Swag,"Steam should issue a refund to all those who purchased this game and ban the lazy ""developers"". How can they be allowed to sell this trash that isn't even finished?"
76561198120824007,Not Recommended,307880,23092162,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,🌟🎮Killerxpress🎮🌟,being able to sell this game on steam should be on pause as well.run from this title!  abandonware
,Recommended,307880,23779557,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Pianoprince,"Savage lands is a very enjoyable game, especially in multiplayer. It has a very unique system of survival, introducing the element of cold, and food system, each reducing health and stamina respectively. Although there has not been a game update in a few months, the developer reassures that updates will come soon. If you are at ends about buying this game, I would not hesitate, as it is a joy to play."
76561198117042418,Recommended,307880,18956604,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,vior wolfkin,"its not perfect ... a long way from perfect ! but its so hard to stop playing with it ! its not finished ,,,,,,geez if it was finished it would be 50 0r 60 quid and out of stock ! I HATE GOOD REVIEWS ....I DONT GIVE GOOD REVIES ! IM A MISERABLE BLEEDER .... AND I HAVE BLED A LOT IN THIS GAME !!!!!!!! I HAVE DIED AND TRIED AGAIN !  and still i go back for more .....just on word of warning though this game is  ADDICTIVE  ."
76561198017512050,Not Recommended,307880,29696790,Posted: 4 February,all,devnull,"Unfortunately, under the current circumstances, I have to update my review for this game.I really liked it when it came out, as stated below in my old review. But now, as its development is on a pause and other games are overtaking this one easily both in terms of development speed and content, I'll have to tell you: do not buy this game in its current state.I hope that as soon as development continues and they add more content, it will be a better game to enjoy. But for now, there are plenty other early access games with lots more content and frequent updates.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Old review: I purchased Savage Lands more than a year ago and enjoyed playing the content it had back then, even if it was very early-access-ish without too much content. But it had potential, being a quite difficult game set in a harsh world and I liked it.Since then I didn't play any of it. Starting it up again today (on a different account) really surprised me, in a positive way. The amount of content the developers added over all this time is quite impressive and the game was improved a lot, especially gameplay-wise. The multiplayer is a lot of fun and it's extremely satisfying to adventure, fight, build and survive together.I still think Savage Lands has a lot of potential, which it hasn't reached yet, and it's a long way until it gets close.The big plus is it standing out from the other survival games, as long as it sticks to it's mood and doesn't try to become easier/more mainsteam. Nevertheless, the devs definitely have to work a lot to improve it's current state and status in the gaming community. In my opinion, they are headed in the right direction."
,Not Recommended,307880,17785164,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,The Asian Sensation,"Savage Lands another survival crafting game in early access. Although the game shows promise there are many lacking features but contains some decent features aswell. I am banking the 20 Bucks I speant on this game for it to be worth it when its finished.Pros- Has alot of potential for being a much better game but right now its lacking.- Community is amazingly helpful to new players- Devs are making updates to fix problems around every 12 days.- Easy to Repair Weapons which is VERY helpful- Playing with friends makes the game so much more fun and better all around. I do not think you should buy this game if you plan on playing alone.Cons- ""Advanced Creature AI - Every creature in Savage Lands will be powered by a unique AI system complete with line of sight, collision avoidance, situational awareness, and pack mentality designed to bring the world to life. "" (*Sneezes* cuz im allergic to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T) The AI for anything in the game is horrible. ex. You can dry hump anything from the back and not have them attack or run from you. Even if the game is early access it should atleast have a slightly better AI then this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I could jump a pack of wolves one by one when they were 1 foot away from each other and none of them notice.- The learning curve for the game is a bit higher than other survivals because you have to worry about 3 different things, Warmth, Health, and Food.- The more you play a world the harder it becomes to gain resources since Trees and Rocks do not replenish- If you do not have friends to play with, the game becomes very boring- Some items do not have their own icon (Minor Problem but seeing where they are in the game, I feel they should have fixed this before adding an item)- You need a decently strong computer to play the game with a decent FPS at the lowest settings- Lack of content (currently)EDIT: That stuff was over a year ago the game is dead."
76561198007101562,Not Recommended,307880,14820970,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Drenix,Nothing came of it.
,Not Recommended,307880,16088354,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Maxx_Powerbomb,Abandonware simulator 2017
76561198137439456,Not Recommended,307880,16432792,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Gooses,"Possibly the worst purchase in the history of purchases, maybe ever."
,Not Recommended,307880,18863861,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Pixxel Wizzard,"==========================================*EDITED ON 9/28/17**NEW REVIEW**Just fired up Savage Lands after a couple of years to check out the progress and play with my daughter.  Imagine my surprise to find that it's in an unplayable state.  Enemies and other mobs don't appear on the client's machine.  Whoever was the client kept getting killed by invisible enemies.  We quit after 10 minutes of trying to play.**Changing my review to a negative*==========================================8/10This game not only has a lot of potential as an alpha, but it is already a ton of fun in its current state (as you can see from the hours I've spent on it).   Sure, it has a lot of content yet to be added, but the foundation that has been laid is quite extraordinary.POSITIVES:1) Graphics - Very high quality, professional looking graphics and models2) Sense of Progression - This is what drives the player to keep playing, and they've done it well.  Collecting resources to craft better weapons and armor, build bigger buildings, and make larger packs to increase carrying capacity.3) Variety of Enemies - Skeletons, wolves, plagued wolves, forest giants, dire bears, furies.4) Size of Island - The size of the world is quite large.  After 60 hours I can't say that I've explored the entire thing.NEGATIVES:(Keep in mind that many of these negatives may very well be resolved as the game develops)1) Grinding - Collecting resources can become a chore, especially mining.2) Limited Resources - The resources in this game do not respawn, but that may change in the future.3) Cost of Repairs - Many of the higher end weapons and armor are so expensive to repair and the resources required to repair them may be scarce, especially if you have several players on your server.4) Base Building - Right now, it's so easy to strip an area of usable resources that there is no reason to spend time and resources on base building since you'll just have to move on anyways.5) Map Reloads - Once you've stripped most of the island of resources the only way to keep playing is to load a new map.  Fortunately, you get to carry your character to the new map, but anything you've built is gone forever."
76561198100882147,Not Recommended,307880,14879581,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Petrenko,Abandoned. Avoid.
,Not Recommended,307880,35446197,Posted: 3 October,all,ThePro-G,"Simple, Looks like dev jumped ship.They most likely did since the comment about pause was in july?  Who know they might have♥♥♥♥♥♥they can't tell us about cause it's personal but whatever it is,  It's getting rediculous.I recommend to NOT BUY till they come back and don't jump ship for a year.  Don't feed money to people who arn't here to stay."
76561198114498205,Not Recommended,307880,20498265,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Phica,"Upon entering the Sundered isles, I picked up a few items to allow me to survive. Knowing not how I came to be here, I began to wander and eventually found the destroyed town of Argo. With a fire and a forge, I made my home - yet the ominous roar of Kur hanging just over my shoulder kept me awake the first few weeks of my unintended stay.I learned how to mine, cut wood, and even forge my own gear - even brought a friend along with me. We crafted ourselves some chainmail and felt fairly confident about abilities. He, being the arrogant one, said Kur was harmless - and repeatedly called him Hector. We were then chased by Kur for about 20 mins as he breathed fire in our paths. Luckily, he grew bored and left.As the sun began to go down, in the distance I spotted a glowing sphere - two of them actually. I quickly approached hoping that it would be treasures of some kind. Nope, they were spirit wolves - and there were about 7. My friend and I quickly died.EDIT: Game was update. Super laggy, doesn't get updates, doesn't really work on my machine anymore."
,Not Recommended,307880,35454169,Posted: 3 October,all,Neana Undómiel,A complete♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198021136367,Not Recommended,307880,35461004,Posted: 3 October,all,mewantie,complete abandonware....do not buy.
76561198009270346,Not Recommended,307880,35484427,Posted: 4 October,all,3Dguy,"Abandonware of a great promising game.Sad, really."
