user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198027553840,Not Recommended,307960,12836866,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,JST,"Even though 1C GS claims BoS to be ""The next generation of the legendary IL-2 Sturmovik series"", the game has very little to offer for its hefty 50€ price tag.In every aspect that the game seems to have something good going for it, the flaws set it back atleast two steps and severely hamper an enjoyable experience.The focus on a single, major event of the war had promise for an immersive, story-driven campaign, but instead, the game is broken into five chapters of the same copy-pasted, ""random"" generated quick missions, of which there are five to choose from (Intercept, Escort, Ground Attack, Ground Support and Bombing).These chapters all include a short intro cinematic, giving you a brief history lesson by recapping the most crucial moments of any operation or such at the time, but these are rather easily forgotten because everything is thrown at you in the 30 or so seconds these clips last.But in the end, you'll just be flying the same missions, over and over again, while the tactical map looks a bit different each chapter.Even worse is that since the campaign has nothing to offer on top of what the other gamemodes already don't (Quick mission builder and pre-made missions, no difference to the campaign), in a desperate attempt to draw you in or give you some sense of accomplishment, they opted for unlocks.Yes, you actually have to grind the same scenarios over and over again in order to use some of the available weapons or mods, some of which were even the standard factory setup for the planes. Not very... simulationy.. is it?This is excellent way of 1C telling you that they did not have anything to offer for a proper campaign, and instead force you to take the free-to-play design of slow grind for small progress.With that said, the campaign atleast works in its own way and AI behavior is not outright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, although your flight will often take the route of attacking a bomber directly from behind, and you'll most likely be dive-racing PE-2's at +600km/h in order to even have a chance to shoot them down.Other gamemodes are similar to the campaign, though quick mission builder allows for more customization. Do note that you cannot ""grind your unlocks"" in any mode except campaign.Plane selection is pretty much what you'd expect from such a title, Luftwaffe sports the ever-iconic Bf 109's, models F-4 and G-2, the Ju-87 ""Stuka"" divebomber, He-111 medium bomber. Soviet airforce has the less enticing selection consisting of the LaGG-3 and Yak-1 fighters, iconic IL-2 Sturmovik ground attacker and Pe-2 light bomber.Both sides also have a special DLC fighter plane available, Fw 190 A-3 for the Luftwaffe and La-5 series 8 for the Soviets. And no, the premium DLC planes do not come fully unlocked, you still have to ""grind the unlocks"".Each plane has it's unique characteristics; the 109's are fast and easy to handle, with cockpit layouts simple enough to learn fast, while the LaGG-3 is a tumbling mess, most dedicated into driving you to the ground while you try to make sense of the gauges, with the Yak staying far more competetive with the superior German fighters.The Stuka and Sturmovik attack planes are both slow and steady, with very different methods of attack. The Stuka will mostly dive from above with its nose pointed almost directly down to bomb accurately, only airbrakes to slow the descent, while the IL-2 will attack almost level with rockets, bombs and big cannons for widespread destruction.The bombers fly level, and bomb, when they're not just for target practice. Really, what else is there to say?Commenting on flight or damage models is the hardest thing, but while the planes fly and get shot down like planes do (I guess), one can definitely say a lot of the arcade-like simplicity the mechanics and maintaining have.All of the planes do their start-up routine with a push of a single button, with crucial actions remaining automated, or optionally, under manual control in a very simple way. This takes away a lot from the potential immersion, with ""detailed aircraft systems modeling"" being mostly text on the screen and few animations.Multiplayer works well, with no larger bugs around, although the lack of servers and even the amount of max players per server is disappointing.While the gameplay is definitely lacking, is there anything the AV department can salvage?BoS does have decent lighting to complement the snow-covered potato fields and the clouds aren't low-resolution mush, gun and engine sounds are enjoyably powerful with models representing accurately their real-life counterparts.But besides that, what can a game of such limited sensual experience give?Sadly, this is again where the game falls short. Planes otherwise being well-detailed, their textures are low resolution, with blurry and blocky normal maps reflecting the sun off your wing in a gringeworthy glare, and jagged, low resolution shadow maps looking like they're about to cut your cockpit into half as they pass.Sounds are incredibly bugged as well, with sound latency up to the level of you hearing your gunfire hits on the enemy plane, and it being impossible to hear your plane being hit.Despite the seemingly low amount of graphical detail at any given time, the game has issues with low framerates, suttering and overall poor performance even on a modern, mid-end PC (i5-4690k, R9 270).This is most likely due to the ancient DirectX 9 renderer the game uses, and very limited graphical customization, being limited to resolution, four presets of Low, Balanced, High and Ultra, with an added MSAA option.Not even the v-sync is properly implemented with triple-buffering, so you'll most likely have to choose between massive tearing, or being locked to 30FPS on the slightest framedrop.After all this, who is this game really for?With its simplified systems and gameplay, I wouldn't recommend it for people looking for the most authentic simulation experience, it offers too little for the price.But the same thing is true for the more casual player or enthusiast, it offers too little for the price and there are games out there that do most of what BoS offers, better and for less.I can't help but feel this game was released crippled and is simply trying to ride the IL-2 name to simply break even. There's potential to this, but as it is currently, I can't recommend it to anyone.Rating: 5/10 at the time this is written. Mostly for the working multiplayer, although many of the issues creep into there as well."
76561197983592411,Recommended,307960,32193312,Posted: 4 June,all,psychoticus,"Only flight sim of the ones I tested in VR that does not suffer from irradic fps rate, input lag, over complicated settings and give me nausea when doing quick rolls. It is real hard to dogfight though.  Best VR flight sim when it comes to the VR experience and immersion."
,Recommended,307960,33751246,Posted: 23 July,all,Moach,"this review was written by (non-steam) player: hrafnkolbrandr - and I'm posting it on his behalf.hrafnkolbrandr said:======================================================================This is an excellent game which simulates the experience of flying WWII aircraft like no other can for the money.  The fidelity of the flight models are second to none, and the visuals are amazing.  There are however some points of interest which may influence your enjoyment of this sim.  I am going to go into them in detail, so as to help prospective buyers make the right choice; and save them the heartache of having to come back here to write a negative review.-  First and foremost, to get the most of this sim, you will want to have a joystick with a twist-rudder.  While the game does have the capability to be played via mouse control, you are not going to experience the game to its fullest, and you will also find your ability to do well in the game significantly hampered.  That said, while some people play this game with expensive sticks, head-tracking hardware, throttles, and rudder pedals- You don‘t need any of these things to play the game, and play it quite well I might add.  I myself am one of those who cannot afford all these things.  However, a cheap joystick with a twist rudder can be had new for as little as $20-30 on amazon at the time of this writing.  Even an inexpensive stick will serve you well, and really vault your level of enjoyment in this game to the next level as you feel and experience the intricacies of each aircraft so much more than you would with a mouse.So what of that mouse?  In this game, more so than with the publisher‘s other title, Rise of Flight, your mouse can be used quite effectively to look around the cockpit and track other aircraft.  This is in part because the distances between aircraft tends to be greater.  Just bind a key on your joystick that you can press to return your view to center, and the mouse can be used as a cheap substitute for expensive head tracking.  Getting used to this will take some work, but is worthwhile, and easy once you get the hang of it.-  Second, the learning curve in this game is quite steep.  The average person reading this is not going to be able to hop into the game for the first time and be an Erich Hartmann.  In fact, most will fail to even take off on their first attempt.  Let alone taxi to the runway before that.  Luckily, each aircraft set is well-balanced, with a good mix of forgiving airframes, and some which require a more deft touch.  Try them all until you find one you like.  Just getting the hang of flying without pulling your aircraft into an accelerated stall will be a challenge for many.  Once you are able to get your aircraft into the air, scoring a kill will be difficult at first, but probably not so difficult as that first takeoff!  Managing your engine is thankfully less complicated that in some sims, but more complicated than others.  To me, it has just the right feeling of in between that allows me to still enjoy the game after a day of work.  If you don‘t want to deal with enginemanagement at all, there are aids that you can use to handle all that for you, barring your main throttle.  Once you get used to all this, and overcome the initial difficulty though, it all becomes second nature, and the aircraft are absolute joy to fly.  This is the only sim that I have played where I have enjoyed just flying the aircraft by themselves at times.-  Third, to get the most of this game, a high end system will help.  Some of the visuals this game is capable of are simply breathtaking.  However, I play on a tiny gaming laptop that is four years old, and the game still looks amazing.  I only experience a small amount of stuttering on crowded maps at low level.  The visuals by far exceed casual and even very niche competitors‘ games; even on my archaic system; and if your system is better than mine, your experience will be even better.-  Finally, this game is in constant development.  While the game sold is a fully-functional product, there are some features planned to be released at a future date with further expansions.  When these features release, usually everybody has access to them, with the only exceptions being any new planes which may be included.  New maps won‘t be available to you in single player, but you will still be able to fly on them in multiplayer.  Features such as the later to be released (at the time of this writing) career mode will be available to all.  What this means is that when you purchase this game, you are purchasing an evolving product.  The dev team, while small, has a keen eye for detail, and are perfectionists at heart.  Most features in the game work very well right now, and you can expect the same level of detail in further additions.  As is, the game is in a very good and complete state, so anything added in the future will just be gravy.Hopefully this information will be useful to you.  IL-2 Battle of Stalingrad/Moscow/Kuban is a fantastic title that takes a little bit of effort and perseverance to get into; but once you do, your investment will be rewarded with a flight experience that is one of the best in the genre.  Going back to play other simulators, or mouse-controlled casual games will no longer scratch the itch for that air combat experience, and you will find yourself always coming back for more.Good luck, and good flying.  Hang in there!======================================================================"
76561198050353356,Recommended,307960,26216901,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,November_Zulu,"I don't write reviews, I don't like to waste the time, unles... it's deserved.People who have complained about this game are generally the type to complain about everything. Sure, the AI is off but can you make a human AI moving in all 4 dimensions while also paying attention to relative physics and analyzing and thinking ahead to their next move? Yes, but not at this level. To make an AI like that is hard; expectations are too high if you think otherwise. Also, this game is mostly about playing online, just like every other game. There are dynamic servers that create fronts that change based on team progress, etc.The game, a true sim. Damage model is exceptional, HE rounds explode, AP rounds pierce, fragments fly off the plane and can hit yours if you're too close. Good bullet drop rates, considers grain and powder, doesn't disappear after x distance. Planes handle well, you can feel their weight; you need to consider the weight of ordinance and fuel vs power/lift. True considerations. Engine management is critical; you must be considerate of RPM, manifold pressure, oil/water temp, drag from cowls (+/-30kmph can make a huge difference), prop pitch, supercharger gearing, mixture ratio, fuel amount...If you like games where you just feel neurotic running around shooting people, this isn't for you. If you are more an engineer type, where you like to adjust settings, dial in values, problem solve, and then profit, then there is no turning back. There is a huge element of excitement though, and it requires cunning and planning, like chess. Long fights where it  takes 3 minutes of flying while holding onto your kinetic energy to set up a shot, so rewarding. To pepper the wing, and see it destablize and vibrate then rip off is so rewarding. On the recieving end, to have your rudder or elevator peppered, with minimal stick you can make it home; sometimes that alone is the victory.This is easily the best game I have ever played. To enjoy it you need to have patience,, foresight, and a maturity that understands that you are not the God of war. You are not the God of flight. If you're lucky, you will live.I rate this game: existential paralysis/10"
76561197969891929,Recommended,307960,32013120,Posted: 27 May,all,Carnivoria,"I've played a lot of DCS, Rise of Flight and War Thunder, but this is the one I keep coming back to. It has taken a while for the developers to get this product to a point where it could be considered a worthwhile purchase for many. Initially it lacked content and direction. The dynamic campaign was boring and repetitive, the AI annoyingly predictable and rarely made mistakes that could be exploited. But now it is starting to come into its own. Part of that has been down to how the community / developer relationship has improved, but mostly down to the developer working to give the community what they wanted. They are a very talented and hard working development team who have proven they can come up with great solutions. They also spend a lot of time on the historical accuracy of the aircraft. Not always perfect and some people will always find stuff to grumble about.There are now some great single player scripted campaigns, most of which you can download for free. This has given us a glimpse of where the product is going, a far more immersive and intense experience. With proper co-op coming soon this is going to be a product that has a lot to offer in the future.As far as flight models go, IL-2 BOS does an awesome job. They are not perfect, but they are consistent, incredibly well researched and very pleasing to fly. This is not a study sim, you can't learn to fly a real warbird with this game, but what you get is as exhilarating as anything you will get in DCS, but with much better damage models."
,Recommended,307960,32281918,Posted: 8 June,all,acdcdave1387,"This, in my opinion, is the best world war 2 flight sim on the market today. I have been a huge fan of this series since its inception and every title gets better and better. The flight model is amazing. The audio is TOP FRICKIN NOTCH. The visuals are right there with the best on the market.I will admit I didn't play the campaign modes in the previous titles so I regretfully cannot compare this to its predecessors. What I can say is that this campaign is terrific fun. The missions are random for the most part so you aren't repeating yourself. The way you go about unlocking modifications and paint schemes is fun and doesn't take too long. The AI is perfect for a dummy like me.While it may be considered too expensive for some and the DLC is definitely expensive...I think you are getting what you pay for. The quality is amazing. I highly recommend."
76561198093532095,Recommended,307960,20887630,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Advocatus Diaboli,"My background/qualification for writing a review:I grew up playing flight sims in their early days, with Jane's Simulations such as US Navy Fighters 1997, the Jane's WWII sim, Microsoft Combat Flight Sims 1-3, 2 being my favorite, and the IL-2 series in the very beginning, up through Forgotten Battles. After that my PC got too outdated to handle anything, I moved on, years later became a man, and now I have an income so I return to the world of PC gaming and flight sims. Now I am a huge fan of Rise of Flight, DCS, and others.If you're in to the flight sim genre, then you probably already own this title, so I will cater the following to those who might have an itch to get in to games like this or who maybe have been pondering getting this for a while.First things first, this game was created to be used with TrackIR. I am not saying you can't get by with a button assigned looking aprroach, but this game was intended to be used with a head tracking system, plain and simple. It is also intended to be used with a joystick, if you aren't sure about that, go out and buy a Logitech Extreme 3D Pro, it's not expensive, it works fine, and it will allow you to enjoy this and other titles the way they should be enjoyed.Okay so the game. To be frank, it's fantastic.The sense of immersion is unparalled, I've never felt more like I was really there than in this game. That being said it allows you to tailor the experience to you pretty well, you can play with plane icons, navigation icons, fully automated engine management, or you can go full real and have to hunt down your targets with your eyes and some cunning and instinct.The visuals, should you have the PC to run Ultra settings, are great. The clouds and weather are convincing and effect combat, the textures, especially on the planes, are superb. The attention to detail in visualising the damage on your plane is amazing. One particular thing I enjoy is the effect of the sun glare. You really get a sense of how the sun effects your awareness in combat, and you can use it effectively to make attacks on enemies who can't see you coming, and it can be a pain in your side trying to spot an incoming target. I am a real life pilot of varying aircraft, and this sun glare really captures what it feels like. (and you wonder why aviator sunglasses are a thing...)The sound design is once again superb, the wind sounds under high G, or hanging your head out of the open canopy, the sound of your bullets hitting the plane you are shooting at, and the speed of sound delay in ground explosions, is a level of detail that is often overlooked, but one that is really appreciated by me.Overall the thing IL-2 has going for it the most is a clinical attention to detail. The developers of this have spared no aspect of these aircraft in modeling and programming. The flight model of each aircraft is from my experience, spot on, and the damage model is matched with Rise of Flight in being the best I've seen.The multiplayer experience is, well let's say it has a steep learning curve at times. There are a lot of experienced sim pilots with really nice hardware flying out there, but once you find yourself having a victory, it is unbelievably satisfying, not to mention your heart is jumpinig out of your chest. I recently chased a flight of three Bf-109s in a Lagg-3, stalking them from their blind spot (behind and slightly below) for something like 15 minutes until I had just the right moment to strike, taking out two of them and high-tailing it back to base before the third could find me.As with all sims, yes, there are improvements to be made. I wasn't a fan of the unlock system through campaign mode at first, but I've grown to appreciate it. It has made me spend serious time learning and understanding each aircraft. Sometimes the game crashes with no warning, but this is rare. But the good news is the community support and the developer support is really one of the best out there.This review was somewhat long winded, but I hope anyone who reads who is on the fence will give it a shot. But please if you do, be patient, there is a lot of learning and skill involved in a flight sim game like this, it takes serious thought and a sliver of dedication to fully appreciate, but once you get there it can be some of the most fun you've had as a PC pilot.~Aeronaut"
76561198290953488,Recommended,307960,24924274,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,hbiggs2,Great game but over my 77 year old head.  I hit one truck in many hours of play.  I highly recommend it for the more agile and smarter gamer!
,Recommended,307960,33995313,Posted: 3 August,all,SnakeTSST,"This game is fun BUT it is complicated so here are so things you need to knowYou will crash a lotYou will lose most of your first dog fightsBombing is much more difficult than it seems, this isn't WarThunderYou can shoot your own tail off as a gunner SO BE CAREFULIf your tail gets shot off by your gunner bail out at the last possible moment and watch as they explode or go splatThe minimum distance you can bail out at is 150 meters any lower and you'll go splatIf your landing on any where other than the airfield DO NOT deploy your landing gear, you have a better chance of surviving if you do it that wayAnd that concludes everything I can think of."
,Recommended,307960,15977773,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Thx1164,"I didn't like the sounds of what many sim enthusiasts were saying about the game but I bought it anyway. Soooo glad I did. The XP system is a non-issue for me, just playing it unlocks add-ons quick enough and they are not necessary to play well or enjoy the game, the graphics are amazing and run like a dream on my 4k monitor (running at 2560x1440) and I feel like the sensation of flying way better than most aircraft in FSX ever felt and remind me of some of the excitement of real flying (I've not flown for a couple of years).The hint iconography that some consider arcadey is even less of an issue. Don't like it, turn it off. It is a boon for newcomers though and we do need newcomers to the genre.The game may seem expensive for those that compare it to older games but his isn't just an update to an old superseded engine. This is a modern game with a definite focus on quality over quantity. I think most simmers will appreciate that, Whats the point of having 30 planes if they are almost the same except for the skin? How many can you really fly well (unless they fly the same and therefore pointless)?There isn't a lot for people that just want to play single player with little in the way of variety (at least for experienced players) but to me that's true of almost any single player game. Online with a group of like minded people is where it is at.I am impressed with BoS. The core components as a flight simulator are just fantastic even if there aren't tons of frills. In the end if we want a good WW2 sim there only a couple of options. One won't be ready for some time and the others didn't impress me. Especially ""free"" games that get very expensive if you want to be competitive. BoS is definitely not pay-to-win."
,Recommended,307960,13540547,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Belmont,"Is it worth it ?Yes, certainlyWhy is it getting such bad reviews ?Well, to be frank, the devs didn't really listen to the community back in the Early Access state, and introduced a ''UNLOCK'' system, wich is very very VERY bad for a SIMULATION game...It's a great game otherwise, nice graphics, the plane models are great, nice details...MP is nice as well, and it's gonna be even better with the release of the SKIN VIEWER and the ADVANCED MISSION BUILDER."
76561197970833739,Recommended,307960,34319373,Posted: 17 August,all,Lethal_Hobo,"This is my go-to game at the moment. I love it, and I am excited to see that there is a lot planned for development. In my opinion this is the best WWII flight simulator going, and will be for the foreseeable future."
76561197970433771,Recommended,307960,22772258,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Neofightr,"Take it from a retired real-life combat pilot and flight sim fan of 20 years, this is hands down the most authentic flight sim I have ever had the privilage of playing. Well done, devs well done!!!Graphics- Top notch, I can't overemphasise the accurate sense of speed this sim portrays. My jaw hit the floor when I would use the camera fly bys. They nailed it!Sound- really really good emulation.gamplay- just started playing and was too focused and immersed on just flying around but from what I have seen the potential for a great game is there. The little touches like realistic ground terrains that are fully physically modeled. I mean if you go off the taxiway into the dirt you are screwed. Very impressed by this detail.I really hope thy add on VR support."
76561197965074200,Recommended,307960,11712232,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,71st_AH_Mastiff,"I highly recommend this Flight Sim, it is however not for the faint of heart, and you defiantly need a joystick.Advanced flight models, each plane has its quirks. The graphics for a DX9 games is basically the best and if not better than DX11.If the price scares you just get the lower end and when they come out with a sale in about 3 to 4 weeks you can pick up the other planes."
76561197971008294,Not Recommended,307960,12725092,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Greddy,"while the game is ok, i wouldn't recommend this for anyone because you only get the planes, but you have to unlock everything from the skins to bombs and guns which to me is a real deal braker. i expect to get the full game from the beginning when i pay the full price to play it. also you will have to pay additional money to get all planes. not the way to go"
,Recommended,307960,26610661,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,BraidedSolid,"Most of the reviews are of people who aren't willing to learn.I started out on the game with an Xbox controller, and it was impossible. I decided to invest 30$ into a Logitech 3D joystick, and ever since then I have never looked back.The game is great! Just make sure you have a joystick of some sorts and are willing to take 2-3 days to learn the game."
,Recommended,307960,34920020,Posted: 13 September,all,-OrLoK-,"TL;DR: Brilliant WW2 Flight Sim. All the old bugbears have been taken out. goes on regular 50pc sale. Well worth a peek.Long ramble below....Hello thereI dont often write reviews as there are others far more adept to that than I. But Here goes...Im an old *original* Il2 player and a fan of all the off-shoots and rivals of the genre.So, when Battke of Stalingrad was released I was very keen to take a look.However, like many, I was (incorrectly) expecting an upgraded version of IL2 and it's oodles of content. That and the Premium plane puchaces seemed ""odd"" to my sensibilities.So, for a couple of years I shelved the sereies (and the genre) and tootled off to do other stuff.Fast forward a few years and I got the sim bug again and fiddled with War Thunder, which initially was impressive. But the pay to win aspect as well as the ""wobbly plane"" lack of fine controlability became too much for me and I looked elsewhere.Coincidentally, the BoX (ie BoS,BoM,BoK etc) was on one of it's regular 50pc sales so i snaffled up BoS for 25 quid.Comming from Il2/DCS etc and not wanting an arcadey experience I initially balked at some design aspects and interface decisions of BoS (as well as the premium plane shop).But after spending some time with the game and seeing massive improvements the devs had implemented and knowing of upcoming changes to the series, I can now understand many of the choices the devs have made, which at the time felt so alien and ""wrong"" but are actually simply ""different"" and have their own value.The ""Premium"" planes were renamed as ""Collector"" planes as that's exactly what they are. They're not needed nor are they pay to win as each is very quirky and by no means a beast rather are for enthusiasts.The unlock system for extra weapon pods/extras has now been removed (which I actually rather liked) and the Visual options has been greatly expanded.To name but a few examplesFor me, the series has now reached maturity and is an essential purchace for any avid ww2/flight simmer.Are the games pricey in comparison to other mainstream games? Yes. But these guys are in a niche market and producing incredibly high quality content. WT planes and flight models are in no way comparable.But, as I mentioned there are regular huge sales (up to 50pc off) and for those unsure are a great way to get your feet wet.There are no ""clicky"" pits and as a DCS player I originally thought this  would be a turn off. In actual fact , for me, its a boon as the engine control management is more than enough to concentrate on whilst in flight over clicking about the cockpit. others will feel differently but in BoX, I dont miss it. YMMV.Now, what converted me utterly is BoX's VR support. It's not perfect (what VR game is?) but it *is* astounding.The pits really come to life and I cant go back to my trackir 5 and 3 monitors (6400x1080) any more. VR just blows them away.I feel ""there"".Indeed ive often tried to physically use pull bars or adjust something with my hands for a second or two before realising im not really in the cockpit.Now, the game isnt perfect but it's damn close. As development goes on I find less and less to gripe about as the pros simply outweigh any cons at this stage.I know own the entire series as well as all the ""collector"" planes. I often simply fly to just fly and dont always need combat to spice things up.The planned Pacific setting for the next expansion is exciting and there's more major changes planned from the new campaign system to the introduction of modding.This game isnt for the uber casual but if one does play WT with as Stick/Hotas then this series is well worth investigating. It's mnot a study im like DCS either but has more than enough complexity to keep the most ardent of button pushers happy.Its also a hugely pretty game and still keep surprising me.If you have the pennies, get it...get it all. If not wait for a sale, I dont think you'll be dissapointed.RgdsLoK"
76561198080152550,Recommended,307960,31549934,Posted: 4 May,all,ＮＥＴＳＣＡＰＥ,"PROS:-great flight models-great damage models-hyuge maps (moscow area and stalingrad area so far, kuban crimea area on the way!)-decent selection of aircraft-great graphics and effects-great sound effects (intense!)-comes with mission editor-friends can join your multi-crew aircraft (minus Ju 52)-DX11 face lift from DX9 makes performance good for even AMD Plebs-Track IR and VR support-record/replay feature-devoted Devs that actually care about the game and respond to user input (an example of this is the FW 190 A3 which had incorrect calculations for stalls --- They fixed this based on data collected by users and reinterpreting it correctly.)-user made skins-user made multiplayer missions-user made singleplayer missions/campaigns-long term devlopement/expansion plans include Battle of Kuban 2017, and then onto the Pacific Theatre!-active official forum with many friendly people-business model enables a user to create quallity single player campaigns and sell them on the official store (currently only 1 example of this)CONS:-no dedicated voip-no clickable cockpit (keybinds or joystick binds only)-lame singleplayer campaign (this is being upgraded within 2017)-no dedicated co-op (this is also coming in the future as well)-no auto-pull out dive system implemented on the Ju 87 Stuka (no plans for it either)-no recon aircraft (just a small wish of mine!)-majority of player base is in Europe or Russia (hard to find full matches unless I play early AM, PST)-Ju 52 co-pilot position not playable (would be fun to kick back with a friend!)-censorship of 3rd Reich symbols. The devs have to abide by these laws of other nations in order to make money, it's just business on their end, I get that. Still none the less this ongoing issue DRIVES ME INSANE.-All content together is expensive if bought at asking prices (wait for sales, check steamdb for price history!)Some additional things to consider:-requires joystick w/throttle-requires rudder pedals (or twist axis on stick)-requires head tracking (if dog fighting at least)-the official website offers more content to buy than steam-steam and non-steam DLCs or ""collector planes"" work together fine-The Battle of _____ ""DLCS"" should really be called expansions, remember those?-Consult the official site with an easier layout to understand what planes you get with what ""battle of _____ "" ect-I use a FX8350, GTX970, 16 gigs of ram, non SSD system and this game runs fine with settings maxed out. Sitting at the airfield with a BUNCH of stuff going on will make me lose significant amount of frames, but it's irrelevant to me since it's a non-combat situation."
,Recommended,307960,33669546,Posted: 20 July,all,Jordan,"A few things to me first: I only recently added this game to my steam library but I have played it somewhere between 1000 and 1500 hours in the last 3.5 years. I played civil flightsims from X-plane over to all microsoft flight simulators starting from Fs95 as well as combat flight simulators as CFS1/2/3, Il-2 1946 and Il-2 CloD.To me it is a bit uncomprehensible that this game is receiving so many negative reviews. In my eyes this sim has many bits that make it unique. (As have DCS, CloD etc.)I will not list pros and cons as it  not quite fit my scheme here, instead I will talk about features and issues.- Advanced flight model:Il-2s flight model is dynamic, this means that there is no generic flight model that gets adjusted for every plane but the parts of a plane themselves have aerodynamic properties and all of them combined create the planes’ motion of flight (only X-Plane has this too). With an AFM each plane behaves unique but the workload to create such a flight model is a lot higher than with a standard static flight model. As all parts need to work together to create the required results, in raw numbers, a static flight model is likely to get closer to the referenced resources. Il-2 has a set margin of error of 5% for their flight models, but in general the resulting error does seldom exceed more than 2%. Although being a bit less accurate in the numbers department an AFM can create an infinite amount of flight-situations depending on all kind of dynamic parameters. (e.g. different stall conditions).- The game world:Il-2 comes with carefully created maps for each theater (BoS/ BoM /BoK soon) as well as some smaller maps that are untied to a scenario (Lapino map / Novoskolniki map). The maps have been thoroughly researched and created close to the 1940s appearance (for example the Don river reservoir had not been created in the 1940s and is thus missing ingame). Both Stalingrad (360x230km) and BoM (280x280km) maps are so big that seeing every part of it would need dozens of hours of flying on them. The maps, objects, weather and lighting are (in my eyes) very well matched to each other and create a very immersive and often beautiful scenery.- The planesets and planes:The planesets have been created to recreate the common planeset of that theater for a specific time (exceptions Mc202 and Fw-190-A3). All models are modeled close to historic sources. (and fixed if at fault). The systemsmodelling of Il-2 is not as advanced as lets say DCS, but it is quite detailed nevertheless. All engines behave specific to their properties (there is no generic engine model).What is missing for me is advanced fuel management and fuel systems modeling (on the dev list though).-The career:Right now there is a rather numb career mode that is a bit out of sync with the rest of the sim although its core is well developed. This comes as a big minus for many simmers and I can absolutely understand this. BUT: The Il-2 team is working hard on creating a dynamic career mode that is both close to history as well as individually immersive and expected to exceed the Rise of Flight campaign system which is already pretty good. In the new career mode it will also be possible to start in BoM (1941) and flying with your squadron all the way through BoS (1942/43) to BoK (1943). It's expected to be released in Q4 2017.- Flight model update Q3 2017:The currect AFM of this game has one distinctive problem: oscillations, especially in pitching and yaw-ing movements. At the end of 2016 the developers announced that they had gained further knowledge on specific behavior of planes in certain flight conditions and that they were reworking all flight models to match even closer to reality. This patch is expected to arrive by the end of August 2017. (together with BoK map)- Tuturials: Yeah, sadly there are none yet – you need to visit the forums or youtube to get your informations and suggestions on how to fly.- Pricing policy:It is often claimed that this game is exceedingly expensive for the content it offers or that the developers are being greedy. I can In no way relate to this. Working with software myself I can see how much work has gone into this sim.  The flight sim genre is small nowadays and developers struggle to make a living. (You don't produce a flightsime for money) Its not just graphics that make a game, all the modelling that is in this game is what makes it so expensive (also consider that a plane-model in 1946 Il-2 required about 10 times less effort). Just keep that in mind. Yes it is not cheap but you get something very close to reality on your home computer for 50 bucks which is a sensation in itself.As for registration: please follow the steps listed after purchasing this game and activate you key at the il2 website. (This game was not created with steam in mind) If there are any issues you can file a support ticket in your il2 websites profile.I can definitely recommend getting this game if you are interested in flight and simulations, be warned though, the learing curve is steep!Hope this review helped some of you! :)"
76561198047621393,Recommended,307960,16099973,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Wolf8312,"A truly excellent flight sim that I have just upgraded to premium as new user content has now become available. I am seriously loving this game and with Ciffs of dover, DCS, and rise of flight all on my computer can just not tear myself away from how much I enjoy the feeling of flying and fighting with these planes.Game's future is dependent upon the support of the community, so please think twice before shooting us all in the foot by slamming this game, as what the game lacks now it will very possibly have in the future, as long as the devs are not in the meantime driven out of business by all the negative reviews.Flight sims are not built in a day!"
,Recommended,307960,31072114,Posted: 10 April,all,RobCarter3,"Review as of 4/10/17I have spent quite a bit of time in this sim over the last 2 months (I don't launch through Steam).The IL-2 Battle of Stalingrad/Moscow/Kuban series is hands-down the best, most complete WWII flight sim on the market right now. This is largely because subsequent releases (such as Battle of Moscow, Battle of Kuban), while playable as standalone games if bought directly from 1CGS, also all integrate together into one seamless flight sim with 10 maps and 26 flyable aircraft as of the date of this review. The game is continuously developed and improved by a very dedicated and responsive team. This is a whole different (and much improved) animal from what was initially released, and it's getting better all the time.Strengths:- Flight models: the flight models are superb. I've never played any sim that so well captures the sensation of flight.- Great attention to realism and detail- Seamlessly integrates with subsequent releases into 1 cohesive sim- Enough maps, planes, and ground units to create a fully-realized eastern-front air war- Great graphics- DX11 Update brought great performance- Continuous updates from responsive devs: improvements being developed for subsequent releases are also applied to BoS and BoM- Quick Mission generator + the randomized campaign + official and user-made scripted campaigns + user-made missions + 3rd party campaign generator utilities create plenty of compelling single player content- Rise of Flight-style career mode is coming later this year- VR is coming next week- Adequately populated multiplayer servers- The much-maligned single player unlock system is gone: everything is unlocked from the minute you purchaseCons:- lack of in-game tutorials could make the game intimidating to new players who aren't used to ""hardcore"" flight sims (lots of youtube tutorials and a manual are available, though)- current randomized campaign lacks depth (this will be replaced by a Rise of Flight-style career mode)- currently no Co-op (this is coming later this year as well)If you are a fan of combat flight simulation, WWII aviation, or both, this game is a must have."
76561198103512141,Recommended,307960,30303687,Posted: 3 March,all,w201028,"-Join multiplayer server, spot German bombers firing their turrets at friendlies in an aerobatic zone.-Commence attack with two wingmen joining in.-One wingman shot down, after damaging one of the bombers-I take fire during the intercept, but manage to take out the bombers left engine, he begins a spiral toward the earth-Heading to engage the other bomber, I notice my aircraft is rolling to the left. Crosswind, I think...-Looking out the window, I notice my left aileron is gone, and the wing is full of holes-I continue to intercept the last bomber, hoping I have enough ammo left. 1km and closing...-At 500 meters, I pull the trigger, and.... nothing. Guns were damaged during the last run.-The bombers turrets put holes in my fuselage, oil explodes from the engine and covers the windscreen-I descend with full flaps, hoping for a soft landing in the crop fields below...What a great game, if you love flight sims this is a no brainer. I have hours upon hours in FSX over the last 8 years and a little time in Xplane 10, but this is the sim that I have been longing for.I played birds of prey on the 360 years ago, and I loved the combat aspect, but the sim side was really lacking. This version of IL2 is dead on when it comes to flight dynamics. Plus and minus as follows;+Extremely realistic flight simulation; wing attack angle is crucial, and the plane shakes and bucks when you push into the critcal zone, leading to a stall if you dont respond quickly.+Realistic ammo loadout; you can and will run out of rounds for all munitions, although I am told you can land and reload. Sometmes, one or two of the cockpit gauges will fail, and the altitude gauge is almost never correct without adjustment+The SOUND - my first mission I had the volume cranked up, listening to the Russian radio chatter and beautiful engine song. The first time I pulled the trigger in combat I litterally jumped. The sound of 20mm guns firing is jarring and pulls you into the world of war. I suggest playing with the volume high, its almost frightening.+Near perfect implementation of TrackIR; I strongly suggest this with any flight sim, its just so good. User Reqium has a great profile that adds alot to the peripheral.+Outstanding visuals and effects; the sun, clouds and ground look great, although I have seen a few bugs in the clouds.+Price; I payed 60 bucks to get in on Prepar3d, which has less aircraft than this game. People ♥♥♥♥♥ about the price of the limited edition aircraft, but go have a look at the price of an addon Leerjet for Xplane or Prepar3d. 7$ an aircraft is a great deal considering what they put into the flight models and cockpits of these craft.-Loading time; on my top end AMD rig, the missions take about thirty seconds to load. Half of that is before the briefing, half is after I hit start. Also, every mission starts paused, as if they expected a high load time that might make you want to take a pee break. I run the game off an SSD, but my main drive is disc, so maybe that is some of it.-Visuals; I know I said it was a plus earlier, and they are great, but from time to time, some shaders seem to misload, especially clouds, but occasionally in the cockpit. This distracts from an otherwise outstanding simulation.-Control options: The controls lack the option to set an axis to trim any of the three rotational axis, only buttons. I know I can make my X52 output a repeat button press with an axis, but it would be nice to be able to set those in game.-Ground variety; Every strip I have landed at so far looks exactly the same. Sometimes there are two strips, but always dirt and grass. Maybe I am wrong, but there must have been some paved airports with towers and lights somewhere in russia!-Learning curve; This is a difficult game if you want to play air combat. There is no training to speak of, gauges are all foreign unless you know German or Russian, and landing is more difficult than any other sim I have flown. However, this is all very realistic, and that is exactly why I bought the game. It is an unforgiving WW2 combat sim, and I have no doubt that lots of rookies lost their lives trying to land with a missing aileron.All said and done, its a fantastic flight sim that pulls you in with lush visuals and bone shaking sound effects. I cant imagine playing without a flight stick atleast, but the option is there to fly with a mouse if you so choose. Any fellow simmers out there who are debating this puchase, just do it and get drawn in, and you will forget the price real quick."
,Recommended,307960,14719482,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Incontinentia,"I can see the point of all the negative reviews out there. There have been some fairly dodgy descisions made (unlocks being probably the main one). But this game is, in my opinion, the best combat flight sim out there at the moment by quite some stretch. The flight models are awesome - more so than even the modded Cliffs of Dover, the graphics are supurb, damage modelling is up there with the best of them and the map, although mostly white, is really quite beautiful. At sunrise and sunset I find it easy just to look out of the cockpit in astonishment at the scenery. It really is a winter wonderland. I've been pounced on by quite a few Germans from doing just this. Speaking of which, the AI is pretty good and follows the same physics as the player, which makes it far better than anything else out there at present.As far as pay to win goes, it's really not. I have both of the addon aircraft and although I like them, I'd never use them online as they simply aren't as good as the Yak or the 109. All the aircraft take skill, but these two probably take more than most.With this game you may not get a persistent campaign (although I expect a few modders will change that with the new editors) but you do get a very atmospheric, immersive playground with some fairly historically accurate missions. Though they seem cut and paste, they are actually quite variable. You can tell a lot of work has gone into the game and is still going into the game. I expect it to continue to improve but I already play this over DCS and CloD.In all, get this game, enjoy the flying and the dogfighting, don't get sucked into the points thing too much, and try not to look at the scenery too much either or you will be leaving smoking holes in the ground like I do."
,Recommended,307960,22473164,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Vetron,"Certainly among the best WW2 Flight Simulators available right now. The flight models, visuals and game-play is all very good – certainly enough to immerse yourself and enjoy flying these aircraft.Performance and PlayabilityWhen the game first released there was a questionable amount of content and typical optimization issues, but since the first expansion started development (Battle of Moscow) there is certainly more planes, missions and scenery to expand your game with (purchase separate), and the game has become a bit more refined. Even if you don’t own the expansion, the Battle of Stalingrad campaign has been updated with the additional aircraft (as AI controlled planes), and you can even pick these new planes as AI opponents in quick missions which is a really good way of developing the game. The game has also started moving to 64-bit.NOTE: You are required to create a straight forward in-game account to play this.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=669019306AircraftThe game comes with 8 flyable aircraft (excluding addons / deluxe edition) but it appears to of been a definitive quality over quantity approach. Included are a mixture of fighters and two engine bombers. Each ones comes with detailed cockpits, various modifications and a selection of paint schemes.The flight models are realistic and makes the aircraft enjoyable and challenging to fly under realistic settings. The learning curve is moderate, with the hardest parts likely to be taxing and then getting these early aircraft into the air.NOTE: I purchased the Deluxe version of the game. While it does add additional aircraft (La-5 Series 8andFW 190 A-3) which are fun to fly, I wouldn't deem it essential to those on a budget, plus you can buy both these aircraft separately anyway.MultiplayerMultiplayer is non-steam, but I found this really accessible to play. Hosting is only done via dedicated server, and it takes a little setting up, but compared to other games this isn’t as difficult.Free Flight (Quick Mission)In quick missions this is where you can setup quick engagements of a few types and specify a number of parameters easily for quick instant action gameplay for up to 16 aircraft. You are able to define the aircraft of 2 friendly and 2 enemy flights, including their paint scheme, weapons and skill level. In some locations you can also choose to start on the ground and scramble start as enemy approach.This mode is a good way to test the ability of your chosen aircraft, as you can choose to go against any aircraft you wish.Missions & CampaignThe campaign combines a mixture of a handful of scripted missions and mostly dynamic missions. The dynamic campaign missions work by picking the starting airfield and the type of mission you want to complete, it then creates this for you to play. Playing missions gives XP, and once you accumulate you progress to the next campaign chapter (each chapter focusing on a different stage of the battle).There are no specific squadrons, you would appear to just be playing the random pilot that plays wherever the battle is. Quite a contrast from the Career found in Rise of Flight for example. However I’ve found progressing through the campaign fun in its own way, and certainly enough to keep you interested for many hours.There are also a selection (about a dozen or so) solo missions separate to the campaign that you can complete. There is a mission editor so you can create your own and play other users missions.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=669007886ConclusionUpdates and improvements since launch has made the game certainly more recommendable, and if you are into WW2 aviation then certainly a worth-while purchase.GoodSelection of detailed WW2 Fighters and BombersRealistic Flight modelsGood Campaign with dynamic elements.Lots of available missionsVery good visualsNot so goodNot as wide selection of content as other games (but growing)Non-steam multiplayer (though found it easy to use and play)"
76561198006097242,Recommended,307960,11768927,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,goestrip,"Being a fan from the first IL2 , and badly disapointed by the following Cliff of dover, i went through all the video and preview I could find about this new tittle.And i'm really glad of having bouth it ! It's a gorgeous game (i owned Rise Of Fligh, so i knew the guy could do wonderd). It's fun to fly and weapons have a good punch (i'm not a great pilot, but it took me ALOT of bullet to take down something in CLODO).Sure there isn't as close as the plane choice there was at the end of IL2-1946.  but here you have very well modelised aircraft, with believable Flight model.The online already works well ( i tested with 30+ players).And concerning the price, i don't understand all the hatred i've read ?! every single AAA game coming out on pc is at 50€ ! and it's not offering a longuer play time !! So yes it's worth every penny, and unlike Free 2 play game, you don't have to buy the 17€ DLC to win.  (by the way, any DCS addon is twice this price ... )So in conclusion, GO FOR IT, it's the real sequel to IL2"
76561198006249533,Recommended,307960,15191220,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Olrikus,"This is a game for people who love to fly. It has everything you need for that and if you like WW2 props it's a must have title. BoS is probably best WW2 avia sim available on the market.To everyone ♥♥♥♥♥ing about CloD, I want to remind that game was barely playable at the time of release. It is still questionable experience if we do not take Team Fusion mod and custom built campaigns into account.The price is understandable as well, Making a sim is a pricey project and the possible audience is not even a million players. And the devs focused on the most important part of a sim game - the simulation of aircrafts. I like it that way better than rpg without role play (Dragon Age: Inquisition), or shooter without everything but graphics (Evolve). Last one is a total and widely recognized disaster but hey, it's a shooter with graphics, which is equivalent of 800k sold copies.Most of the negativity comes from the price of this game and actually most of ranting people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of because their whining is cut down from forums. Actually devs are really nice and honest guys to whom you can speak freely on forums.Cons:- Price. Still nothing horrible in my opinion. It's on par with many top level games with DLC.Mixed:- Campaign is based on dynamic missions. Okayish, but could be better. Since story is not a vital part of the simulator I can forgive devs for that,- Limited amount of planes but it's quality over quantity. You will spend a lot of time mastering each of them.Pros:- Planes, physics, damage model... the level simulation is one of the top in the genre.- Really fast and stable game engine.- The feel of flight is just right.UPD: New patch 2.12 brought significantly improved physics and slightly improved graphicsWARN: Game is hardware demanding (check official il2 forum first) and flight stick (even cheap one) is highly recommended.INFO: check MagzTV or other il2 streamers before buying"
76561198031195954,Recommended,307960,25120188,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,MattAttack,Been playing this game now with many hours and I have been having a blast . If you are into combat flight Sims this game is a must have . The attention to detail and the sounds make this game top the previous il2 games which I have been a fan of . I am looking forward to the next dlc's and hoping for a pacific theatre. Cheers to the devs
76561198045361380,Recommended,307960,28492497,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,xIVirus,"Fantastic game. one of the best WWII flight simulators hands down. That being said, the game is very hard and takes a good amount of time and effort to get even the basics down. another thing that takes a while to get used to is the fact that the planes are only german and russian meaning there is no english spoken or written within the gameplay itself. This makes it very hard to remember which gage is which and that sort of thing. If you're looking for an action arcade type of game, then this is NOT for you, but if you want one of the most realistic simulators out there, then I highly reccomend picking up this title. Amazing graphics, great gameplay, and very realistic flight controlls. 4.5/5"
,Recommended,307960,24626784,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Mekanikol,"I'm a bit of a veteran as far as flight sims go and let me tell you, I wish I had found this gemn a lot sooner.  I have Rise of Flight as well and 777 Studios has yet to disappont.  Great realism, great graphics, phenominal multiplayer connectivity, smoooooooooth as butter gameplay. It's truly everything a flight sim should be.  I highly recommend a HOTAS and possibly an extra control quadrant for engine controls and such.  TrackIR or a similar program for head tracking would also greatly help but I don't really use them anymore.  I highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a legit WW2 flight sim."
76561198061327106,Recommended,307960,13468246,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SkinnierSteve,"I have been a fan of IL-2 Sturmovik for a really long time. I started with pacific fighters, and then bought 1946, and I loved it.  In 2013 I bought cliffs of dover, even after seeing all it's problems. I actually enjoyed it, and it ran fine for me. Now I bought battle of stalingrad, and I have to say I am really impressed. It looks absolutely gorgeous, and it is very realistic too. I love the damage models and the physics too, it is amazing. The way the wings and tail bend and break looks fantastic, and the cross winds when landing the plane is also great. I love the fire effects and the smoke trails it leaves behind, it looks great. The planes handle very realistic too, and the bail-outs looks and feels very great and smooth. There are 2 difficulty levels to choose from. Normal and Expert. Normal is for the more casual players, while expert is for hard core simulator fans. You can set a custom difficulty for quick missions, but not for the campaign. The campaign is great too, but it is actually made of randomly generated missions. You can choose what kind of mission you want to do, and what airfield you want to start from, and then pick a plane and weapons and then you choose a difficulty, and click on start, then the game will generate a mission for you. Each mission is unique, because each mission is randomly generated. The enemies spawn at different places every time, and the battlefields feel alive, because there's battles all around the place. When flying to your destination, you may notice ground battles happening below you, or other planes fighting each other in the distance, and all sorts of stuff like that. All those battles happening around you are also randomly generated, and you can even join in and help the friendlies out if you want to. You can play as either the Germans or the Russians, and they each have 4 planes to choose from, making it a total of 8 flyable planes. If you get the more expensive version of the game, you get 2 extra dlc planes. I bought the regular $60 version though, so I can't review those 2 dlc planes at the moment. The game has a decent amount of content. There is a quick mission option where you can quickly make a small mission for you to play if you want some instant action, there is a campaign mode if you want to play through 5 chapters of the battle of stalingrad, there is a mission mode where there is a list of missions to choose from if you just want to play a mission without picking options and stuff, and then there's the multiplayer mode where you can battle other players online, which is also fun. The cockpit is not clickable like cliffs of dover, but instead you need to map keys in the controls menu to use the switches and buttons and stuff. Also, I recommend you play this game with either a controller or a flight stick, because it is way too hard to fly with the keyboard. I use an xbox controller, and I am having a great time. If you enjoy flight simulators, or if you like war thunder, you should play this. It is much more realistic than war thunder though, but it is very accessible, and it has a tutorial, so most people should be fine. If you are new to flight sims, play in Normal mode, but if you are a hard core flight sim fan, play in expert mode. I totally recommend this game, even at full price it is worth it. 10/10"
,Recommended,307960,34949418,Posted: 14 September,all,Tree Lover,"I have no idea how anyone can dislike this game in its current state. I've been reading through some of these reviews and its ether:-They miss the older Sturmovik-Complain it's too complicated-They complain about polishing of the gameNow on the first point, this game is by no means even comparable to the original Sturmovik. The amount of environmental realism that is put into this game is light years ahead of its time for prop driven planes compared to everything else on the market currently. (Just as the original Sturmovik was) And the level of detail in this game can visibly be seen painstakingly grinded into every inch that this $49 title can hold to make it arguably the most innovative game on the market.Second anyone dumb enough to buy any SIMULATOR and complain it's too complicated is just plain ignorant. To claim you’re between a casual and hardcore simulator really just makes my eyes hurt trying wrap my head around what that even means. This really does not even deserve the effort to respond to.Thirdly, while I can agree that this game was not the best polished short of a few months ago. I managed to get this game to work properly and smoothly at max even though I ran a graphics card that was struggling to be compatible with this game. Sure enough I rolled back a few drivers and it worked just fine. This simulator is extensive and I'd recommend running this game on an SSD with a decent processor to support it. Polishing isn’t the easiest thing to do for a game as complicated as this title is; I find it easy to be forgiving with that point.This review is a bit extensive for me and I just thought to put time to write this review after seeing the recent reviews as “mixed” to clarify that at its current state this game is more than an overwhelmingly positive review game for a flight simulator. Also with the new content that’s planned to be released, it’s on the rails to becoming the go-to simulator for majority of the market. The amount of content and free upgrades I’ve received since its release more than pays for itself. I can gripe and say that there’s not enough aircraft for it at its base. But compared to other games on the market, it’s just enough. And as well as the Career mode and content upgrades that any other expansions receives is generously distributed across all of its titles. This game is more than worth the investment and if you're on the fence about buying this game I can more than recommend this game."
76561198024771113,Recommended,307960,26269188,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Götterdämmerung,"Low learning curve. If you want arcade gamepaly it´s not for you. If you want a sim, this is a very rewarding game."
76561198122851487,Recommended,307960,31126995,Posted: 13 April,all,EchoAlphaEcho,"Oh my, I just played this in VR. Oh my, what a world, what a world indeed!*note, if you are reading this before April 19th 2017 then the game is 50% off when purchused directly from the game delelopers website ."
76561198028902283,Recommended,307960,11749009,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,LangCaster,The first time i played IL2 8 years ago i was amazed how real it felt.Never found a flight sim like it.Very realistic flying.Just as good or better than the first.Early Access so far is sweet stuff!
,Recommended,307960,18724837,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ConfusedDeer43,"So let me begin by saying, since the game first came out as a beta, it's come a long way performance wise, and with the recent addition of summer maps you aren't constricted to just snowy seasons, and the summer seasons look bloody amazing!I'll just go by pro's and cons now:Pros:With a bit of configuration the game works rather well with a 360 controller~The graphics are outstanding, the sky looks incredibly real at sunset especially, and the clouds are actually fluffy.The aircraft all have great physics to themA great damage engine for just screwing around, or if you feel like taking out other planes by smacking into themGreat texture detail on the aircraft, and awesome ground detail if you fly low enough in the summer/autumn seasonsChoice for simplified physics and many assists which do come in handy if you feel you need themRealistic sounds, from wind, to damaged windshields, engines, over stressed airframe, and weaponsCons:♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI, example, if you're taking off and you've got those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s near you, they'll try to shoot you and most of the time smash into the ground and probably take out one of your wingmen while they're at it.No good chase camera for external views (that iv'e found at least) you always have to set it in the direction you fly in.Not even half the planes as there was in IL2 1946DLC planes are bloody expensiveDon't even try using a keyboard to fly, it's not as easy as IL2 1946, its more of an FSX kind of control nowThose are the key points iv'e got, all in all, it does deserve a bit of a better rating in my opinion, it's merely a bit of a downgrade in the number of aircraft in the game, but in return the sounds and physics are well polished."
76561198007279259,Recommended,307960,16684714,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Plavid,"Really recommend this game to people who use to play War thunder Full simulation battles. I was a regular full simulation battle player for war thunder. As we all know, War Thunder screwed up that aspect in many ways. However, this game is the alternative. The graphics are awesome and the realism is authentic. You can also scale the difficulty which is really easy to do. Its alot of fun learning each airfcraft takes time, but really worth it. The detail in this game is amazing and love the minor details that the developers implemented in the game from trails from your tires going through the snow, the long smoke trails from getting hit in the radiator and the detailed ground units. Very impressed with the games graphics and running stable! The game plays really smooth and finaly, Multiplayer is enjoyable needs some fine tuning but still fun to play. This game is getting better and better as the Devs are slowly improving the game. The only CON to this game is the price!!!  Expensive for the content and i mean expensive. Otherwise, this game is War Thunder on steroids in all aspects."
76561197988754279,Recommended,307960,12603246,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,ChillaSteve,"Not the greatest SIM, Very far from the worst..Only played for a few hours but i'm really enjoying this. There are only a few minor things that I kind of dislike, but for the most part it's a very well created sim and looks pretty damn good.They could do away with the unlocks but hey its not a sim killergraphics are pretty amazingthe missions are a bit bland and the friendly ai planes just get in my way (think they are more hungry for the kill than I am) - although i have not looked at how to give them orders yet so probably my own faultflight dynamics are pretty gooddamage models are awesomethat is all...... for now.."
76561197989079885,Recommended,307960,11732270,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Der Alkoholiker,"Great game, but I really hope that it doesnt go the way of Rise of Flight with TONS - literally $200 in DLC. IL-2 BoS looks immaculate and game play is spot on. Only thing it needs is more aircraft...and swastikas. The crappy decal that's in place of the swastika is just a killer for my history boner. I mean, c'mon - ITS A FRICKN WWII SIMULATOR!"
76561198022012135,Recommended,307960,11772458,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Xenophobia,"Hands down the best WW2 flight sim out there. I've owned the others and nothing comes close. Not even finished yet and it's good. Great FMs and DMs. Cool graphics. Runs great on my rig. Can't wait til it's finished. No stupid mouse aimers letting their computer do the flying and claiming what great ""aces"" they are. So far it has everyting I've wanted in a WW2 flight sim."
76561197970562429,Recommended,307960,25170613,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,HarryM,"Great sim, recent additions and changes are really making it shape up as the worthy successor to the original Il-2 Sturmovik. I find it very hard to fly anything else now after flying this."
76561198063794048,Recommended,307960,30209579,Posted: 26 February,all,cammando205,"9.5/10.  I could go on about the game in a paragraph but that's boring.  So here are some pros and cons:Pros:+Exceptional Graphics+Incredible sound effects+VERY realistic flight model+Lots of replayability+Fast and simple process for setting up quick missions.+Crazy detailed aircraft.  The lengths at which this team goes to realistically emulate airplanes is unmatched by anything I've seen.+Includes mouse and joystick control modes.+Allows you to speed up or slow down time(SP only)+A lot of other things that I'm spacing out on at the momentCons:+Very steep price for the game and its DLC(Honestly though, with the level of detail put into the aircraft added I think it's reasonable to excuse them for this)+Steep learning curve.  This game goes no holds barred in terms of realism.+No tutorial.  CFS3 had prebuilt missions that were designed for learning how to fly, none here.+Not sure how common it is, but in my case the game crashes to desktop unless run in admin mode, and even then it takes two tries to launch.  So it has its bugs.+Less aircraft than 1946 had, but again, that's pretty acceptable if you consider the effort the devs go to when implimenting planes.  That line in the steam description about using original drawings for the planes?  That's an understatement.  Just read the ""About"" section on the game's website.+I probably am forgetting a few things.Conclusion and words of advice:If you buy this thinking you'll just apply what you learned in CFS3, War Thunder, or Wings of Prey, you're in for a rough start.  Give it some time and learn the controls(I'd suggest starting with the mouse control) and you'll be fine."
76561198014678405,Recommended,307960,14800932,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,seafarer,"Can I just congratulate the team on a simply superb simulator. Battle of Stalingrad embodies the beauty of it's predecessor, Cliffs of Dover, but with a  makeover of it's UI and campaign modelling. With massively enhanced camera views and motion blurring, the feeling both in and out of cockpit is incredibly immersive and very convincing to a real pilot. Well done and I look forward to any future iterations of this series!"
,Not Recommended,307960,24086053,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ylang - Ylang,"I have been with IL-2 Sturmovik since it came out. The only reason why I decided to get IL-2 Sturmovik: Battle of Stalingrad, is because I wanted a simulator that is made using todays technology, a modern game. I have hundreds, if not thousands of hours flown, all over the IL-2 Sturmovik world, as well as sorties. I have been playing most of the campaigns. Thousands of air kills, ground kills, and in general thousands of everything.At first I wanted to write a huge block of text, but after after a while, I came up with an idea, of pros/cons, since people seem to like that kind of review.Pros:- it works- graphics- sound- community is amazing, just look at the forum, look at all these ideas, suggestions etc., shame noone cares- I received refund from SteamCons:- even though it works, I would not dare to call this release an early access, it is rather a tech demo with couple features, to show of the engine- it has less than 7% (IMO, or even less than that) content of the genuine IL-2 Sturmovik- campaign is divied into chapters/episodes/phases/whatever- campaign consists of randomly done quick missions, based on which option you select [you can fly the same mission, all the time, with the same airplane]- there are 4/5 types of missions in campaign, which depend on aircraft you will be flying, expect restrictions such as not being able to get a bomb on interception mission [yeh, it might make sense, but you could always drop it on something]- campaign is static/linear, it is not dynamic, which means noone gives a f... what you do, neither should you*- *you are a nameless pilot, in a nameless regiment, flying alongside nameless kameraden- there is hardly any birefieng/debriefing- complete lack of squadron features- made up awards/rewards- standard edition lets you fly 8 airplanes, while premium 10- user interface- IL-2 Sturmovik: Battle of Stalingrad will be finished after 100 years, devs are busy with their new [same quality] game called IL-2 Sturmovik: Battle of MoscowTo sum it all up. Get IL-2 Sturmovik: 1946, get all the updates that are available, and enjoy. Game is supported to this day."
76561198087217980,Recommended,307960,12949375,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Blokey,"very easy control, you take off, you shot, you no ammo you ram, comrade stalin be pround"
76561198201823076,Recommended,307960,25581130,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,CF-100 Canuck,"After reading through many of the older negative reviews, I realized most of their issues are completely fixed by the dev team, or are in the process of being fixed, or were not really problems with the game at all.For example, the campaign isn't limited to only randomly generated missions, the devs are including more and more scripted missions, and with plans to have a larger scripted component in the single player of future releases.There are also no unlocks whatsoever, including all in-game aircraft skins.Performance issues have been greatly reduced, my computer used to struggle back when the game (and my system) were new.  With the introduction of 64bit, the game runs smooth as butter, and Direct X 11 is on its way."
76561197962609805,Recommended,307960,34893541,Posted: 11 September,all,froNt,"this isnt a game. It really is a beautifully made WW2 Simulator. I recomment this SO MUCH !Its very complex to learn in almost (we dont have clickable cockpits, but thats it) every aspect and sometimes its really harsh when you loose. Enemies in multiplayer are unforgettable. If you die, it really was your fault. Either you were to low, did not spot the enemy early enough,decided to fly somewhere you shouldn't to in the situation you were inor crashed your plane somehwere into the ground.but at the same time it is so damn rewarding if you are successful.If you are completely new to this, dont expect it to be easy. The learning curce is steep at the beginning, but becomes more and more flat with time.After you learned to taking off and land, you need to learn to navigate, identificate friend or foe, learn to aim, learn improve your combat maneuvers, drop bombs in the right moment, learn to level bomb, fly formation and how to fly together in combat and get to know every plane you face in combat in particular. Only duels against other players are a science for itself.The community is very friendly and there are active Teamspeaks online. I recommend flying in a group, cause you're better not alone out there and it speeds up your learning curve.Also there comes more skills to learn in a group like formation flying and flying together in combat.Graphics are beautiful, flight models feel very realistcthe development team is responsive and keep updating the game a lotand all maps are for free. You basically pay for the planes of one Version and get the Moscow or Kuban maps (or whatever you purchased first) for free.I also highly recommend a Joystick (T16000m) and later a Headtracking Device (Delan Clip), MouseAim is not good.If you want something hardcore and extremly rewarding, here it is.Just get it on the homepage, not here.. Like that the Dev-Team has more from it ;)"
,Recommended,307960,23813308,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Spooky Skellington,"Great simulator, stellar graphics, and some really nice view models, but beware... This is a simulator, NOT A GAME. If you buy this expecting it to be as easy as flying a plane in Battlefield, you will be suprised, and not in the good way. The game is very realistic, and every plane has different limits as to how fast it can go, can turn, and how steady it can fly. It will take you many hours of re-playing missions before you can even hit an enemy plane. Your sights will be shaking harder than a meth head experiencing withdrawal. But when you finally hit a plane, or even take one down, you start shaking like a meth head, and you feel great! Right up until 10 seconds later when you crank the joystick a bit too hard and your plane spins out of control."
76561198102872164,Recommended,307960,23588759,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Ragerpac,"Best current WW2 flight sim next to il-2 CLOD and DCS. Good physics, good graphics and gets regular updates. It is a simulator though so if you want to just shoot at planes and do not want to learn how to fly, this is not for you (then you might want to check out War Thunder or something like that)."
,Recommended,307960,32853306,Posted: 27 June,all,Bacher,"People are giving this game a thumbs down because they need a tutorial or they can't sign in because they forgot their password. A tutorial is not needed. It’s self-explanatory when you start playing. Some people need their hands held. I feel bad for them..This is a good WWII simulator. To me it feels slightly arcadish though because you can simply press ""A"" on the keyboard and the computer will almost fly the entire mission for you. Sometimes it makes me wonder how serious they are trying to make this.The dog fights give me an adrenalin rush. Nothing beats an old fashion dogfight. And this game does it best! Although, no matter how many G's you pull you won't black out like you do in DCS.Does this game have high replay value? YES! The sorties and variety of missions you can fly never get old. Would I recommend this game to someone who likes flight Sims? YES! This is a must have if you like flight simulator games of any kind.Is this sim better than DCS? No! While the flight physics are as good as DCS the sound is better in DCS. Also this game doesn’t have clickable cockpits.Is this a good VR game? YES! Nothing beats the emersion of VR! I will never go back to a 2D screen again.The price is a little high for all the expansions but get it when it's on sale and you will get a good value for you money."
76561198276751819,Recommended,307960,25026581,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,markcards,"BOS  is the best flight sim ..anywere,...any way you look at it.What I love is the sound and feel of raw power, the BOS Air planes have built into this Sim.I mean there is Sex and then there is the sound and feel of being strapped into the P40 with the Rolls-Royce Merlin engine soft growl.. like a puring lion. Try it with two sub woffers!!! It is heaven. Other air craft armed with 37mm cannons, heart pumping hot lead knocks anything out of the sky in red flamming black smoke trailing detail.OK I have waited for years for a Flight SIM to have decent Explosions!. BOS has exceeded my wildest expectations. 2500 lbs bombs make One thousand foot plums of fire and smoke with Explosions sub wofferscan be heard 2 blocks from my house !This will continue to be the best Flight Sim, and Combat Flight Sim for years to come along with more from these deveopers."
76561198075943422,Recommended,307960,25267631,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,The Stacker™,Impressive physics and wonderful mechanics are just the start with this brilliant combat simulator. I wholeheartedly recommend this game!
76561198021617576,Recommended,307960,12406652,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Fundahl,"The best combat flight sim since IL-2:1946. Buy a joystick, learn to fly, be amazed. Seriously, just go do your first bombing at night-time. Go fight competitively in multiplayer. Hop into a gunner position on a bomber. Adjust your prop pitch, A/F mixture, Radiator/Oil grilles, flaps, bombsight, etc or just play normal and have the computer optimize it for you as your focus on dogfights and bombing.Seriously, this game is awesome. Get it, learn it, enjoy!"
76561198023029149,Not Recommended,307960,14277756,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,arne.strasser,"It's a shame. This time, the flight sim seems really fine - but *everything* else is missing or unfinished. The UI is a joke, campains/missions/unlocks are just meh. Just setting up your basic controls is beyond my frustration-theshold.There nothing quite like it out there and I wish I could like this game  - but I just can't. The current state is barely beta."
,Recommended,307960,27426846,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Trip,"I did a review long time ago.It was goofy and all that, but i decided to make something more serious.The game is good! But it also have flaws.Some of them are included right on this page.My opinion is, the game should be a little more acessible. For me right now, is about a hundred and eighty at full price.When i first bought it, it was around a hundred and forthy?There's also the premium planes. The OP40 is broken. Although i'm more interested on the upcoming P39 and the upcoming FW190 A5, the lot of players who bought the game because of the P40 are kinda sad about it. But there's an update from the devs, they said they're going to update it.I'm confortable with the current 190 flightmodel, i actually feel more confortable flying a 190 over the 109.I believe saying that the planes react like kites is just a goof in general.The planes are good. They do what they must do. They dont do a lot of noise like the previous game when you stall or something like that, but they do react well.The game is good. I would buy it again to support the devs, and i will buy the new upcoming DLC to help them. Even the Duck. Although the Duck is horrible. Never fly the Duck. Leave it on the ground where it's best."
,Recommended,307960,12521342,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,angelosnau,"An excellent WW2 flight sim. The combination of graphics, sound, physics simulation and damage models create a highly realistic experience."
76561198190998178,Recommended,307960,24563043,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ShadowHawk,"This game currently sets the bar for WWII combat flight simulators. With amazing graphics, large scale maps, real world aerodynamics, instrumentation and physics. It's an aviators dream come true. The learning curve is steep, requiring you to invest some time to learn how to fly. Really, learn to fly! This is not an arcade game!!! Learning how to manage your aircraft systems including fuel loads, engine manifold pressure, RPM, water cooling and weapons load outs is essential. Single player is a lot of fun but the games truly becomes amazing online in multiplayer where flying with your friends will lead to some amazing moments and put your jaw on the floor. Online multiplayer consists of a good mix of servers that provide different scenarios from Training to Tactical Air War. You won't run out of missions to take part in. If you are interested in this game I recommend getting a good joystick and throttle with a lot of programmable buttons. Read the forums for instructions then join the BOS/BOM team speak server and ask a seasoned player for a little dual instruction to help you get started. Continue to practice and play, because once you learn. It will become the most epic WWII combat simulator you have ever been a part of. This game is essential for real world aviators looking for a good WWII flight SIM.Recommendations:1. Practice in single player to program your joystick, adjust settings, and learn the basics.2. Join Team Speak and ask a vetran to help. There are plenty of good player willing to do so.3. Online - Join training servers and “Wings of Liberty” to learn basic tactics with friends.4. Ffighter dual / Dogfight servers will teach you to handle your aircraft during air combat and practice against real players.5. Don't play “Tactical Air War” until you have a good handle on things. This is a 24/7 online war where losing you aircraft really matters. once they are lost, it's difficult to get them back. Losing aircraft effect the overall team or side you are fighting.Read the forums for Tactical Air War game rules.6. Track IR is very useful. As situational awareness is essential for survival in this SIM.Visit the Tactical Airwar details and statistics page for further info:http://taw.stg2.de/index.php"
,Recommended,307960,23878279,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,REGIMENT OF FOOT,"Start He-111 engines in midst of russian winter. Keep  oil and water radiator closed  before take off. 10/10 would destroy engines again.In all seriousness, a great game, with a community willing to help those who are new."
76561198121334929,Recommended,307960,25046396,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TxSRT,Great game... You need to dedicate some time to key-bindings. Aside from that its a great game I dont know why so many people dont like it...
76561197984854794,Recommended,307960,29281667,Posted: 15 January,all,Jeevers,"Hardcore flight simulators are not for everyone. Let's get that out of the way. This game is definitely that, if you want it to be.I have always been a fan of combat flight simulators, ever since Sierra's Aces over Europe wayyy back in the day. This is my first flight simulator I have picked up since Microsoft's Combat Flight Simulator.It has made me realize... I'm really bad at flying. But I also have a lot of fun doing it. I am currently flying on ""Normal"" mode, as ""expert mode"" murders me. I only have two successfull landings so far out of dozens of attempts. I have ended up as a flaming wreck more times than I can cound due to my own noob-ness. But I'm also getting better. Those two successfull landing attempts were my last two.Combat is difficult but when you shoot down a plane, the elation is real. Jousting in the sky for position with other airplanes is a tense and difficult affair. Watch your airspeed or you might stall and drop out of the sky like a brick.The downside for me of this game, is the campiagn. It feels like a random mission generator rather than a career mode, which is what I would like. Fortunately, the devs have said they are working on a career mode.I have dabbled in multiplayer a couple of times so far, but it is full of experts who will shoot you down without you even seeing it coming. This is not a downfall, I simply need to get better at it and keep practicing.I highly recommend this sim to any WW2 fans. The flight model is incredible, as are the graphics and sound. Pick this one up if you're looking for a flight sim fix!"
76561197970420286,Recommended,307960,30636384,Posted: 20 March,all,EURO,"I like this flight sim, it has developed well over time. Its an outright sim tho, quite hard but very rewarding when you get it right. The only thing for me that would make it better is a Battle of Britain  DLC with spitfires etc. Never the less, the best fighter sim around."
76561198001937237,Recommended,307960,12766139,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,II./JG77_Limbo,"This game has the potential to be a worthy sucessor to Il-2 1946, unlike Cliffs of Dover or DCS, in my opinion.  Yes, Battle of Stalingrad is incomplete (e.g., no mission editor or documentation) and the offline, single player campaign unlock system was a poor (and last second?) decision by the designers.  However, the graphics are superb and the flight models are good enough.  The flight and combat experience are absolutely wonderful and immersive.Hopefully, the game will only get better if enough people buy into it and development continues which is a big question mark, unforutnately.  Most of the criticism leveled at the game are by long time flight-simmers that have pretty unrealistic expectations and demands.  The price for this game is very steep but it is currently the only World War II simulation under active devopment. I doubt we'll see something comparable from DCS within the next couple of years too given their track record for not being able to produce a new map and problems with large multi-player battles."
76561197970516514,Recommended,307960,12501959,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,RealAlec,"IL2:BOS is a game made for me. I'm new-ish to flight sims, have a joystick, TrackIR (actually a custom FreeTrack rig), and I prefer the frantic, tactical combat of dogfights to other aspects of flight simulators like systems management and realistic navigation. For me, Battle of Stalingrad gets it just right.The game presents two preset difficulty options, Normal and Expert, and options for customization. In neither of the presets are flight mechanics or damage models compromised for ease. The fidelity of the flight simulation is top notch (maybe shy of some DCS modules, but it's hard for me to say - I certainly don't have any personal experience with WWII airplanes), and the feeling of immersion that this creates is wonderful. Dogfights are intense and breathtaking!The game has received some flak from some of the more die-hard flight sim fans (who disparagingly compare the game to War Thunder). They complain (perhaps rightly) that the ease-of-use features kill the simulation, even on Expert difficulty. I share none of these concerns. To me, a beginner, the game focuses on exactly what I like about combat flight simulations: combat flight!I like that I can choose between short (no takeoffs or landings) and long missions. I appreciate being able to turn icons on and off. I like that I can elect to use complex engine management, or leave that to the AI if I just want to focus on dogfighting. I like auto-level, time compression... all the options that allow a relative beginner like me to play the game as casually or as hardcore as I want to.I had hoped we'd see an imprevement in the single player by the game's release. Now that it's out, I'm a bit dissapointed by the fairly bland campaign. Oh well. I'll hope for a fix, and in the meantime will play more multiplayer. Regardless, the game is quickly becoming one of my favorite flight sims of all time, up there with Rise of Flight (by the same studio), and IL-2 1946."
76561198013785529,Recommended,307960,33752476,Posted: 23 July,all,Serenity,"I'm a big flight-sim guy, everything from Aces High, to DCS, and the full spectrum. I am in LOVE with the new iL-2 games. Graphics are great, aircraft are well modeled, with various loadouts without straying from reality. You can fly in easy-mode to avoid having to manually manage RPM and cooling systems for the aircraft, as well as having all sorts of navigational and mission aides to have fun. In offline, you can fly quick missions like with most flight games, just to turn and burn briefly or test aircraft. There's also a campaign which gives you formal objectives, but even there, you can select short missions, which drop you off right before the action, and only require you to complete the objective and depart the action area, so even if you're not a hard-core sim type, this is a great option for you.I started it in easy-mode just to learn to the ropes and understand the gameplay. I quickly moved to the expert mode, and honestly, it was incredibly satisfying. Turning off icons and having to visually identify friend and foe was a huge factor in immersion, making the game feel so much more real. Having to study the map to figure out my route inbound, funneling features to keep me on track, and attempting to manage my aircraft and my navigation all at once provided a great feeling of success. The engine management requires you to pay attention to your gauges too, without making it impossible for someone new to the genre.The graphics are beautiful, but even better is the damage model. You can truly see and feel the effects of enemy fire, but even more interesting is the effect of your own fire on the enemy. There's nothing like a hard-won victory suddenly turning around as the wing you just shot off of your enemy comes flying back at you!The negative reviews seem to center around the campaign not having enough content (A new campaign is being worked on to ship with the game as we speak, while aditional scripted campaigns are already available) and there not being enough different aircraft. If you live for Warthunder, where every plane is just a SLIGHT variance of every othere, and there isn't any real historic integrity, then this isn't the game for you. If you want each aircraft to have it's correct properties and you appreciate QUALITY over quantity, turn to iL-2.If you're looking for a WWII flight game, be it offline or online, iL-2 is leading the industry right now, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone."
76561197986572155,Recommended,307960,12458004,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,evilleMonkeigh,"From what I see, it is simply an upgraded version of the classic IL-2 Sturmovik, with better graphics, flight model and AI, rather than the abortion that was IL-2: Cliffs of Dover.  And that is high praise.Despite being early access/beta, Il-2:BoS seems to be a complete, fully functional game. This is probably because it uses the well-tested Rise of Flight engine, which gives it a reliable foundation.I don't hesitate to recommend it - I usually dislike early access (and certainly those priced as much as a fully-released game).  However IL-2:BoS is definitely worth the $50 if you are interested in combat sims.  If you are not sure, try the older, but still excellent IL-2:1946 first at $10 to see if you like the genre."
,Recommended,307960,12633352,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,BaronVonChahyll,"I used to play the original IL2 Sturmovik game and currently play Rise of Flight and War Thunder and this game is just fantastic. It has a more realistic feel and absolutly beautiful graphics. Its easy enough to learn the basics of this game although I would recommend getting a joystick to play this game, prefferably one with rudder control.Looking forward to more games and more expansion in this game!"
76561198017011561,Recommended,307960,11840971,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,[DIS] ExGreyFox,"Best WWII Flight Sim to date, and its still in BETA."
76561197978179782,Recommended,307960,11825440,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Stevo,A great game with a fantastic base to build off. Once the campaign comes in it should be great.
76561197969317314,Recommended,307960,11890186,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Forza971sbh,"Still WIP but already the best WWII sim available. If you like pin-point flight models and historical accuracy served by gorgeous graphics, just buy it, you CAN'T be disapointed."
,Recommended,307960,23134574,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Deschain,"I always liked WW2 flight sims, once i started playing this I imediately bought joystick, throttle stick, pedals, better monitor, and track IR, game looks and feel amazing as mechanical engineer I enjoy how realisticly are planes made theres plenty of comunity coop mission most days in a week. i cant recomend this enough."
76561198029308270,Recommended,307960,32649506,Posted: 22 June,all,Marik911Fox,This is a AAA game. It is a real sim.
76561198034029839,Recommended,307960,13134346,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Campyboo,"I have just recently gotten in to the flight sim games, and i really enjoy them. This is the first real flight sim I have actually played properly. So i am biased so you might not want to trust my opionon but well I am going to give it anyway. I think this game is apsoulutly amazing in every way ( not every way, exageration). One of my favorite things about the game is the flight model's are amazing the planes feel almost real. I love it. It is actually enjoyable to just fly the aircraft. The damage of your weapons feels like you are actually shooting real cannons and guns they feel so powerfull i love it. Also the collisions are nice sould use improvement i thing thought. the game run smoothlly and looks great. the game sounds pretty good too i like the engine sounds when inside of the cockpit or leaning out the window.One big thing about the game for me is the multiplayer. It's my favorite part. I love it, but there is quite a big problem with it. There is never enought players so my advice to you is buy the game we need more players ."
76561198056274744,Recommended,307960,12117612,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Combs,simply amazing.... would recommend this game to everyone the physics are just amazing and everything about the game feels so great for being in alpha.... its worth the money trust me
76561198008818553,Recommended,307960,34645777,Posted: 31 August,all,Slim Pickens,"I wish I had the energy to write a very long review, but I don't.  Having been a an IL46 fan for years, all I can say is this is absolutely the best WW2 era flight simulation on the market today.  Forget DCS Normandy or any other similar flight sims because these developers have the market cornered.  It is absolutely worth its price and be prepared for a learning curve.  Despite its price, you actually do get what you paid for this time."
76561198064983044,Recommended,307960,32659668,Posted: 22 June,all,(US)(DPG)hutman74,I can hardly run this game because I dont have a gaming PC but the missions are fun and the physics are amazing! I will totally download it if I ever get a better PC.
,Recommended,307960,29231183,Posted: 13 January,all,S i L L A,"Simply one of the best between WWII Simulators today. Very good and realistic flight model, beautifull graphics.and so on...Ignore the bad reviews, this is a top ww2 combat sim. This game really shines in multiplayer, a good joystick and head tracking are essential."
76561198086319226,Recommended,307960,34952878,Posted: 14 September,all,swampyank,"This is an awesome flight simulation game which I highly recommend. Authentic aircraft flight characteristics and modeling, realistic weaponry, and incredible sounds. The single player experience is now quite satisfying with scripted campaigns and a (free) third party add-on (PWCG) that gives the ability to fly a career as a pilot in the squadron of your choice and rack up experience and kills (or die trying.....).The developers are simply amazing, with the game constantly being developed and improved.  And they have been doing so for years. This is a simulation for the long haul.One last thing: I fly VR (HTC Vive) and have bass shakers that transfer vibration from simulation sounds into my chair, flight stick and rudder pedals. The result has to be experienced to be believed. When I fly in this simulation I am IN THE COCKPIT and I am AT THE RUSSIAN FRONT!  :-)"
,Recommended,307960,12018539,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,=7Cav=SPC.York.K,It's absolutly amazing! The graphics and gameplay is extremely smooth. Can't wait for full release and more aircrafts =]
,Recommended,307960,12111837,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,tic,This is an absolutely brilliant simulator. What it is NOT is easy.
,Recommended,307960,30973334,Posted: 5 April,all,[ZSU] Dr. Frank,Wowee... Very realistic physics. A difficult game.
,Recommended,307960,21938220,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,HITMAN,The price is a little high. $50 for a game that came out over 3 years ago. However it is worth it. The graphics seem modern and game play is stellar and it is as realistic sim like WWII dog fighting ever created. This game has been on my wish list for over 2 years and I finely pulled the trigger. 4 days total of 17 hours of game play later....so far worth the $50.
,Recommended,307960,28359647,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shavemycamel,Took a while to get an error sorted out but now the game lets me log in and it's fun! works awesome on my system.AMD FX-8320ATI Radeon HD7870 2Gb8GB RAMWINDOWS 7I read online that the game doesn't run well with amd/ati systems. Runs amazing on my budget rig!
,Recommended,307960,13512560,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,PLAYERUNKOOKED,"The best air combat simulator everWith impressive graphics and exciting game experienceThough the contents are not very much (Maybe not enough) but it is still worth tryingHope there will be more contents in the following updates (Instead of removing a tree though it is on the runway LOL), for example spring map(Winter is so depressed) and more aircrafts or missionAND NOW THERE IS SUMMER & WINTER MAP!Score:As a lover of flight simulation 9/10As a common player 7/10If you love IL-2, buy now before 25% discount is overIf you want to have a try on flying aircrafts, you can play Warthunder first and wait for 50%-off of this gameBut fw-190 is soooooo damned expansive!!!!"
,Recommended,307960,20905307,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,SpaceYankee,"The two  problems with this game is optimization and a lack of content, the game has barely any content compared to 1946 and Cliffs,Of,Dover. This game has about a quarter of planes if that, and now OPTIMIZATION this game runs badly on almost every computer i see it on, i even threw in a high end gtx card and it still runs poorly. This game still has potential so im gonna give it a thumbs up, but if you want a very good WW2 flight sim you should go with  il2 1946"
76561197999197795,Recommended,307960,12635114,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,GodsMantle,"A solid release, far better than CLOD. While it definitely has some way to go as to being the premier WW2 combat sim of its generation, it is moving in that direction."
76561197994914137,Recommended,307960,15817808,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,onephoneman,this game is a really good ww2 simulater it has a really good damage system wich reminds me of janes ww2 fighters and its a awesome game.
76561197966005479,Recommended,307960,34666055,Posted: 1 September,all,Trotters,"I bought this before it had VR support and though it was good, but wasn't blown away.  In VR this is AMAZING!"
,Recommended,307960,31105318,Posted: 12 April,all,williamjsmith,loved this game before but now with VR dear god it's good !!!
,Recommended,307960,31442882,Posted: 29 April,all,macmillanjamie,"Now this is a story all about how my life got flipped upside down............IL-2  is in my veins I'm a partisan and do not hide it, this game so far needs a big rig to haul this game but unfortunately  mine struggles but the graphics will flip you upside your head...... please keep this genre going as well as DCS so buy 2 copies maybe even 4"
,Recommended,307960,34925139,Posted: 13 September,all,NinjaGinga,"I have a lot of combat flight simulators installed on my PC and I've played quite a lot of them. This one by far has the most realistic WW2 flight characteristics and plane mashups. If you want quality over quantity this is definitely a contender for your time. The Devs for this game are the most vocal out of the other games on their forum(forum.il2sturmovik.com)where they discuss the project and future goals weekly. I started getting into WW2 flight games from War Thunder and found my most enjoyment from the Sim game mode there. It translated well when I got this game because after having all of that experience with joystick movement I felt right at home loading this game up. I bought the majority of DCS modules and really liked the in depth, almost ""study sim"" aspect of that game, but thats all it really amounted to for me. The combat of DCS WW2 planes falls flat compared to this new IL-2 where the damage models and smoke trails are so detailed that you cant compare it to another game. IL-2 Cliffs of Dover is also really good but only after installing a modpack. All in all I hope this newest IL-2 project (lots of people call it the BoX series standing for ""Battle of Stalingrad, Battle of Moscow, Battle of Kuban, and a planned installment of Battle of Midway next year) someday matches the amount of content of IL-2 1946 but it will be a long road as there is a lot more detail in these planes and environments than IL-2 46' ever was capable of."
,Recommended,307960,32048236,Posted: 29 May,all,spudsta87,"vr review. on the vive, its an amazing experiance with a friend. keybinding can be a pain, but be patient and enjoy the ride.,"
76561198299344081,Recommended,307960,31203690,Posted: 17 April,all,nova,"I recently got IL-2 BOS because of the raving reviews, and had to see what this was all about. I got DCS some time ago, which was impressive. But IL-2 BOS blows this confidently out of the sky in terms of the immersion and graphics. This simulation is truly a work of art. Personally, it's my killer VR app. This is it. I don't care about anything else in my games library, now. I only care to hop on to my personal Bf 109 and take to the skies. Sometimes, high in the sky, I blow off the canopy and stick my head into the incoming airstream, lol. The sensation is exhilarating and indescribable. The experience is viceral.I can't talk much about the game play or campaigns yet, but I will get there. At the moment, I'm simply getting to grips with learning to fly and appreciate these beautiful beasts from yesteryear, and having a hell of a fun time at the same time.Thank you devs for giving us this amazing experience!"
,Not Recommended,307960,11947854,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,UrbanFolklore,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=324281254I'm changing this review because they've changed the nature of the game. I don't know why on earth someone would want to simulate a donkey and a carrot in a World War 2 game. Longevity is required to force all players to play the ridiculous campaign. You unlock a bomb then loads of skins when all you wanted was the gun pods. Ya! A waste of time that's divided the community.
,Recommended,307960,11800403,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Sn1kel_Fr1tz,"IL2 sturmovik was amazing, this is justrr bringing the game into the modern age. Couldnt be more happy with it."
,Recommended,307960,26788920,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RedBull,One of the best World War 2 sim game on the market. While it does not allow you to manually interact with switches in the cockpit the fligth model more than makes up for it.
76561198253110419,Recommended,307960,22576495,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Shunter1950,"This game is awesome though gameplay hard even in normal mode, a Joystick is essential as I found xbox controler no good at all, keymapping needs setting to your preferences, I found in the beginning take off and landing very difficult but came up with the idea of using autopilot and taking notes, this was invaluable as I was able to see speeds, flaps positions etc, and my control is much better now, graphics are superb one instance that was great is, having completed a mission and believing I was safe at about 5 miles out from homebase I was attacked resulting in the Junkers I was flying having its wing shot off and as it spiralled downwards I ejected, to see the pilot open the canopy and climb out then parachute, was even though it was Auf Wiedersehen for me, amazing. utterly briliant game."
76561198032540603,Recommended,307960,25479045,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Daisy Blossom,With all of the content and community- requested features in the pipeline I can say that this dev team deserves your money. The game released as an unpolished gem but the actions of the developers prove this will be an IL2 worthy of the name. Can't wait for DX11 and full VR support!
,Recommended,307960,31691119,Posted: 11 May,all,Don't Kermit Suicide,"If you plan on buying this game, get a joystick! It's the only true way to play and online against other users with a joystick will make you sweat! It's like arm wrestling a bear."
76561198068821897,Recommended,307960,33790657,Posted: 25 July,all,G_Tugg,An authentic and detailed WW2 combat flight sim with amazing graphics.
,Recommended,307960,13141591,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Lonesome,"Bought Rise Of Fliht for about a year ago. Same developer as IL-2. After a short while i bought the Logitech 3d Pro (good and not to expensive flystick) and i had some fun hours with it.. I really like rof but wanted a ww2 game more.. Some days ago i found this game and right from the beginning i loved it. Sure you have to unluck things but that dosnt matter. Only makes it more fun, cause you have something to look forward to. I really like the rank you gain. Graphis is very nice. The skyes looks awesome. The ground is not the best but they just used more resurces for the planes ,sky etc.. So if you want a action packed game yet a game where you can still chill and fly around the same time, this is it! It takes some time to get good at shooting, but if you stick to it and practise, you will be rewarded! See you in the sky.."
76561198000545199,Recommended,307960,14377999,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,[TWB]Corley,"I would only recommend this game to people who use TrackIR, throttle, pedals, and joystick. If you are new to flight sims then I would spend some time in Warthunder or something similar.  While the game isn't historically accurate, it is still a fun game to play if you can max out the settings and have patience. This game does appeal to the senses if played in a realism/hardcore style of play. While playing online there are a number of things that make this simulator very fun online, having to distinguish friend from foe is no easy task, coordinating formation flights to targets in sometimes more than 10-15 planes at a time, aerial gunnery is actually realistic and challenging. Overall, I would give this game good review and worthy of picking up if you truly want to play this game on a realism setting. If you are looking for something arcady and keyboard/mouse capable then your money may be better spent elsewhre.Pros:-Great Graphics-Strong Multiplayer-Excellent Cockpit detail-Sounds are magnificentCons:-Grind unlock system-Repetitive Singleplayer campaign-Physics are great except for the DLC planes that are clearly given some sort of buff."
76561198310060791,Recommended,307960,28004333,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KilroyWasn'tHere!,"Ok, I'll write this review in english because most of the games comunity seem to speak it or at least understand it.- I grew up playing Il-2 1946, i remember those hot summer afternoons where i flew for a couple of hours with only my keyboard before i went out to play ball with my friends. This game gave me the same feeling 8 years after, and that is just lovely.- The game has a low learning curve; looks incredible; the sound effects are unreal; the soundtrack is awesome; and for a physics student like myself, you are not gonna believe the way the planes behave. You will have to do some reading, but i hadn't had this much fun playing a game, in a long time.- Don't worry if you don't have any gear, you can easily be and ace with only a ps3 controller, your mouse (for the head movement) and 10 cm of tape for you to attach them together.- While the multiplayer is really good, you should know that the SP gets old, really fu**ing quick. It lacks of an actual campaign, and the almost infinite amount of flyable planes that 1946 has. But hey! They are releasing new stuff every once in a while in the form of BoM and BoK, so there's that, it's just a matter of time for the final product to become a real masterpiece like his antecessor is. And i do hope we get all the versions in one affordable final game."
76561198036146139,Recommended,307960,26220244,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,"Luka, The Grand Master","I dont write reviews, but i must say, this development team and company should be proud of themselves. This combat sim, is the single best accomplishment second to none. DCS and every combat sim since Jet 2.0 in 1989 or their abouts I've played, and this team has wowed me.. didnt think it was possible, but they have done it. A 10/10, please continue to develop, Much Love from Australia and Jesus give you strength to continue to do good Job."
,Recommended,307960,20195456,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,milopugdog,"For sure my favorite title in my library.The devs are currently working on another project, but the two ultimately work together to make a larger game. However, this doesn't stop them to adding things for BoS, like player controlled tanks, Stalingrad seasonal maps, and new campaign chapters for them (for free!).The FM, and DM are very good, and the community usually has over 100 players spread over a few servers during prime time.The planes all have cockpits for both pilot and gunner that both have controllable lights. In some planes, the gunner will have multiple guns he has to switch to or move from one side of the fuselage to the other.This game uses the same mouse control system as Rise of Flight, so you can check it out for free by downloading that. I would definitely but a joystick though. You can get the Logitech Extreme 3D Pro for under $50 from pretty much anywhere; Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart, etc.There are also several negative things worth mentioning too. There is a lot of controversity surrounding the Yak-1, and Bf-109 F-4, rendering distance of planes and ground targets are really meh, unlocks for planes are a pain in the butt untill you finish them.Most servers are in Europe, or the US, so you may not be able to play MP if you are not very close to those regions. All players have the ability to create their own server though, so you could be the one to change that. :)The game is pretty solid all together. If you are from a game like WT, there will be a learning curve, but you'll get it with practice."
76561198066437721,Recommended,307960,23753770,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,aawebb1,"IL-2 Sturmovik: Battle of Stalingrad is an accurate and substantially immersive WW2 Eastern Front experience. It provides the player with extremely accurate aircraft flight - models and physics, spectacular graphical elements, historically accurate interpretation of the area in and surrounding Stalingrad during both the batttle itself and the Soviet counter - attack and extremely accurate start - up procedures. The physics are extrodinary; the damage models correspond with such realism in accordance to the situation. In summation, IL -2 Sturmovik: Battle of Stalingrad is a very well manufactured game and leaves few mediums undesirable. The game is worth the $50 price tag, as the experiences you will endure and the duties you endeavour upon will contribute to a fully immersive and realistic experience of the most cataclysmic theatre of war ever to be fought upon."
,Recommended,307960,16204548,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Wozie35,"Recommended to all pilots or people interested in WWII aviation! Great graphics, nice historical background, totaly prefect physics and comfortable controls! Ať least for those who know..  DLC's are pretty expensive but I think it was worth it."
76561198014132615,Recommended,307960,25481968,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ManSlaughter{<>},This is by far the best WW2 combat flight simulator out there.  Graphics are great and overall the game mechanics work good.  The only thing lacking in this game is a career mode and training tutorials
,Recommended,307960,25626114,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Mesha,"I am not a sim player normally, but I got this game to just dabble with.  It has been a great game, and can be very challenging at times.  Overall the sim is very accurate, especially at the hightest difficulty setting, which includes complex engine management (radiators, fuel/air mixture, boost) if you are not juggling all those settings you can burn out your engine.The flight model has several different difficulty levels as well, and can be quite challenging if your like me and have not played with a really acurate sim in a while.The number of groud vehicles that you can shoot up, bomb or rocket is pretty impressive and you can even drive the Pz III or T-34.The custom planes can be flown with any version of the game, so while I only own Battle of Stalingrad, I also bought the P-40 and fly it in the BoS campaign.The next set of premium planes will be available by the end of the year. They are the Yak-1b and JU-52."
,Recommended,307960,29255628,Posted: 14 January,all,Mr. Offensive,HANDS DOWN the best flight sim I have ever played!! + Bonus + Great customer support they got back to me and my prob was fixed within a day!
76561198026910600,Recommended,307960,12988833,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,pricklyhedgehog,"A continuing evolution of IL-2's famous combat sims, this visually stunning game/simulator pushes the genre to new levels of realism.  777 studios, the people who brought us Rise of Flight, which remains one of the most outstanding flight sims to date, and the definitive WW1 flight combat sim, have added their expertise to this impressive game.  The few hours I've played have not been disappointing, and I am becoming increasingly hooked into the challenges it has to offer.  Elements feel a little arcade like, but if you've had some experience of flight sims and are looking to get into it without spending hours learning how to turn on just the batteries, such as some study sims, this is a good compromise.  The purists will be happier with DCS based products, but this is a pretty decent effort, and a major improvement over cliffs of dover, which in itself is a great sim."
76561198162980251,Recommended,307960,32992002,Posted: 29 June,all,dblue_one,"The one that was missing in my list... i tried all, and when i say all.. i mean ALL, all the flight simulators in the market. The feeling i had when i fired IL2 was...""why da hell i dint buy this before""... the flight model is very good, only X-plane and some planes(addons) for Fsx/P3d gave me this feeling, graphics are good and sound is brilliant!Nowadays i only fly in VR and first thing that i have to feel is good performance, any jittering, reprojection, ghosting makes me go away immediately..and in this particular matter IL2 is approved with distinction, on my 980ti performs very well in high settings!... except when you play with tanks, there i felt reprojection kicking in, maybe because you are in the ground and have more objects to render near you.Dont understand the negative rep's about the register, was 2 minutes for me, i only had one hang when i fired the game for the first time, but after that without any problems.The only negative point that i found so far, and this one is VR exclusively, i see black shadows/bars in the peripheral vision, and i think this happens because of the way the game is being rendered in VR, hope devs take a look at this, if it wasn't for this i would give a 10/10 to this one."
,Recommended,307960,14396681,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,HeyItsCrafty,"This is yet another amazing game in an amazing series. Sure it has quite a price at $60, but it's worth every penny. As a huge fan of both history, and games, I found this game to be perfect for me. Fast paced, yet realistic combat, and a massive, beautifully detailed map are just a fraction of it's accomplishments. Not to mention a beautiful soundtrack, amazing graphics, spot-on simulation of just about everything even related to the subject, and at times it can be extremely relaxing. Setting the plane to autopilot and just watching is actually something I find myself doing quite often. I would certainly reccomend this game to anybody who is passionate abut history, or realism in games. It's not a game for everybody though. So please, look up gameplay or something before you buy it, and give it a bad review for absolutely no reason."
,Recommended,307960,23995567,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mr.Gold,"If you want a WWII air combat sim, you have no choice. Sure DCS has the planes and War thunder may have planes and looks. But after you try this, there is no turning back. This one has planes, looks and feels. Nothing like the IL2 saga offers the same level of immersion.They also have tanks and mouse aim. While mouse aim is not as refined as War Thunder, it gets the job done while the available tanks (T-34 1942 and Pz III L) are leaps and bounds better than warthunder even in simulator mode.It helps that distances are much larger and that there are proper objectives (like, take this airbase or prevent enemy push).So, you can try it with a mouse (totally worth it. It made Warthunder very meh to me afterwards) and once you have the money invest in a proper HOTAS and enjoy the game to its fullest (there are a couple of nice sticks coming out including Thrustmaster cheap hotas based on the T16000 stick and a $100 stick made by a Russian company called VKB Gladiator which is a replica of the german WW2 flightstick found on the Bf109 and Fw190 and others).Highly recommend. Can't coment on VR as I don't own a VIVE yet but as far as I know, it is very early access so don't go out and buy this game just for that just now.Another good point, the devs are very involved with the community and very open for feedback if you manage to substanciate your claims and present it in a non insulting manner."
76561197970599675,Not Recommended,307960,13733598,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,kazale1,"I had high hopes for this sim, as I loved the original IL2 Forgotten Battles, and have high regard for Studio 777's Rise of Flight, on whose engine (and business model), this is based. Without a demo, the only guidance I had on how this would play was something along the lines of, take Rise of Flight as a benchmark. Rise of Flight, though not maxed out, is smooth and fast on my machine, and looks excellent, so with not much hesitation, I took the plunge.I didn't mind so much reports of few aircraft and skill points to gain unlocks, nor that there was only one map with one season.  When I ran the sim, though, my greatest disappointment was its performance. On my quad 2 q6600 2.40gh, GTX 750, 6 gig DDR2 ram system I can still get pretty much anything to play well with a bit of tweaking, ROF especially (and even IL2 Cliffs of Dover, which everyone considers somewhat of a dog), but IL2 BOS stands out in that it is the worst of the bunch. I can't get framer rates over 30, and am plagued with micro pauses and stutters.Normally, I would just tinker with the graphics options and find some option causing the problem, but here, I don't have that option. The developers have taken the stunning decision to lock the public out of the advanced settings and give you low, balanced, high and ultra. There are a couple of other options - screen resolution, shader amount (4,2,0), muliple grachics cards checkbox, and a cinematics checkbox hidden in the camera menu, but that's it. And, as far as I can tell from the official forum, there are no plans to open up the toolbox. It seems we gamers can't be trusted to mess with things.So, this means I have a sim which runs poorly and looks bland. Not ideal.What else?The vulnerability of the aircraft is somewhat absurd. I tend to fly the 109 mostly, and fly straight and and level and away from the enemy, and you might just stay in the air. Other than that, it's a case of a couple of passes and usually a wrecked engine from either the enemy or one of many mechanical. I've yet to actually shoot anything down so ludicrous is the damage modelling. If this is accurate, then it flies in the face of every single other sim I've flown (and that's about all of them).I have to admit to haveing just bought the FW190. It was on sale and I see it as a hedge hedge against the future where the developers might just open the graphics options and address the fragility issues (these things can happen).You probably know all the other stuff - no evidence of any real battle in the city of Stalingrad, no Bf 110, no Ju 52 (though both seem possibilities - for purchase, of course).Oh, and my last gripe - the IL2 itself is the single seat without the rear gunner. Damnation. I used to love playing as the rear gunner."
76561198047377473,Recommended,307960,28592632,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Fulkrum33,Po Cliffs of Dover dostal IL2 opäť krídla. Najlepší simulátor z ww2 je späť!
,Recommended,307960,12104192,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Lexusjjss,Have died to gravity and trees more times than bullets. Can't land without bouncing or snapping my gear.Best flight sim ever.
,Recommended,307960,12640303,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Z Simmox,"so far so good,its got all you need for a good simFM feels right,controllers are relatively easy to sort.sounds and graphics are reasonableapart from the UI and campaign design decisions which i dont like,its hardly a deal breaker.unlocks are not required to play MP effectivelybut any mug worth his salt can unlock the items they want within a couple of SP campaign missions anyway.not much of an authentic or nostalgic feel to the campaign or UI in general,but,its the flying and shooting is what counts right?its got the goods as a combat sim and its only early daysbuy it and support our genre,its only money.not like thats worth anything thesedayscheck your six"
76561197962334370,Recommended,307960,14544823,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,[DSF] 27. Luftwaffle,"Good game. What it needs is aerodynamics and engine upgrades and more weapons/ammunitions/weapon upgrades. And while mostly fighting above frontline, there should be way more ground targets to pepper."
76561197976723822,Not Recommended,307960,12228126,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Vaxx,"UPDATED since releaseSeems the developers of BoS know their product is not up to par. In order to combat ""negative"" reviews, they have also gone as far as to pay people to talk up their game, and rebuff other sims. This is of course in addition to the metacritic campaign they pulled a few weeks ago tring to inflate the scores on that site, as well as Steam reviews.Want to see it? Check the comments section for link to a conversation with a paid cheer leader here on the steam forums.Good-Graphics are better than IL2 1946, worse than Cliffs of Dover, but could be better.The physical models looks good.SOME damage models looks good.The snowy landscape although bland, look nice.They say mods will be supported.The only new WWII combat flight game this year.Bad-Lots of flight models still wonky, and not much feedback if they are going to fix them.Single player campaign is hollow and just a random mission generator.No historical squads.No custom options on the Campaign.Unlocks, and XP points in a ""sim"" in order to get new weapons/missions/airfields. Really? In a sim?Cockpits graphics look a bit better than IL2 1946.Hollywood style smoke and fires. No plane goes down unless it is in a CLOUD of smoke.Mods will be supported, but iffy on how much you can mod, and how restsrictive it will be.Preset graphics options (you cant pick your own graphics settings).Sound is decent, but far from good.Trigger lag when firing guns.ALWAYS on connection to play the Single Player campaign.Not sure if it wants to be a War Thunder Arcade game or a sucessor to IL2 as a sim game.Also dont be fooled by all the postive reviews. Some are correct in their opinion, but some are just people from the ""Lets get good steam reviews"" campaign that was launched from the devs forums.Right now I cant reccomend this game to a combat flight sim fan. When they decide if they want to go Arcade or Sim, and how the release goes, I might have a different opinion. Until then this is my opnion of the Early Access of BoS."
76561197965134678,Recommended,307960,13477462,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,JIMFIN,"Just brought IL2 BOS in the Holiday Sale for £29.99 and here are my first impressions. Played the first airfiled mission, after some confusion customising key mappings and joystick configerations, which could have a better user interface I started the mission. WOW awesome took me right back to the first IL2 Sturmovick with much more immersion, AI and fantastic gameplay with graphics to match. This game has huge potential, alright its work in development and as long as we gamers support 1C Game Studios & 777 Studios this could well end up being a classic, right lets get back in to try more missions and some MP. Forgot to mention you need to register the game after creating your Steam game account, if you get the Error #4; wrong email or password when trying to sign from Steam IL2 BOS go here for infohttp://steamcommunity.com/app/307960/discussions/0/35221031626554464/"
,Recommended,307960,12443336,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Evil Kermit,so far loving it. hope the open source this game sothere can be great mods and user campains
76561198069647848,Recommended,307960,18722469,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Peasus Krist,"While I feel that it started out on somehwat unclompleted grounds and that there are things that could be added to the game to add immersion as a pilot (which is why I waited until the first substantial update since I bought the game before I wrote a review). It appears that 777 studios does indeed have an ear to the ground and is listening to what the community wants of this game. While most games can come out as is and people will either like it or not, IL-2 has such a niche community that devs have too look at what the people want as a whole and be able to adapt to said expectations. Also upon reading their website, it seems that the developers want this game to develop alongside their next title: Battle of Moscow. With this last update, I can tell that there have been substantial upgrades to the campaign and overall ""story"" of you as a pilot. With this being said, I am interested in seeing what comes out next in future updates and will continue my journey as a pilot in the world of IL-2 Sturmovik."
,Recommended,307960,33115636,Posted: 1 July,all,swiftsilence66,"Great sound Great graphics, amazing detail.Had lots of trouble with key mappings and trying to get my joystick to work (joystick is properly installed and responsive yet cant get elevator or aileron control) Not wasting any more time.   If it was more user friendly and i didnt waste almost two hours trying to use my joystick, i would have reccommended.Edit:  Originally this was a negative review, but I was being harsh in the moment, so to be fair here is my edit (changed to reccomend becuase i will be buying this sim in the future when joystick bugs are fixed on my end).  The game was user friendly, just frustrated at the issues I had.  I can tell you I will definately be doing some research because I will be getting a better flight controller and spending the time required to research and properly map the controls."
76561198017438463,Recommended,307960,31229747,Posted: 18 April,all,Mungo,IL-2 in VR is fantastic and is thoroughly great fun and immersive. As VR improves games like IL-2 will also get more interest and patronage because in my opinion flying WW2 aircraft is a great place for VR to display its value. IL-2  BOS is a great game !
76561197983904242,Not Recommended,307960,17820937,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Nick,"I was hoping for an improved Cliffs of Dover (which I recommend) with a new campaign, theater, planes, etc. but I am disappointed with this game.First, the cockpits are not mouse-interactive at all. There aren't even tooltips to make it easier to read and understand the instruments (which are in German and Russian of course). So you can't just jump in a plane and figure it out by interacting with it, and it doesn't feel so immersive or like it's a real plane. I spent way too much time in the menus binding all the different axes, which seem to be redundant in many cases. Like I tried out a twin-engine bomber and my bindings didn't work as expected even though you're supposed to be able to switch between engines with the number keys. There aren't many planes so I expected the systems simulations to be better. Like in the bf109 I noticed that the radiator control in the cockpit says auto when the HUD says manual and vice versa. Though the cockpits look nice.The graphics are impressive at first but when I actually try playing, pretty much all I can see is snow and clouds. My whole screen is white outside. All the maps are winter. It also seems very difficult to taxi in this game. The planes slide all over the place. For this reason I don't even bother with takeoff, which I enjoy in other games.The campaign has no flavor text or voiceover or story to it. It is just a theater map from which you pick a location, plane, and generic mission scenario. They all appear on the briefing as a rectangular shape. You fly to a waypoint, then to the ""action point"" which tells you exactly what will be there and at what elevation. Then you MUST fly to the ""exit point"" to finish the mission even if it takes you the opposite direction of your landing field. It hardly feels like a military sim or immersive at all like Cliffs of Dover was. And in quick mission you can choose any options or simplifications you want before starting, but in campaign you can only choose ""normal"" or ""expert"" for some reason (which turns most help settings on or off). And you must earn XP to progress and unlock new weapons etc.The UI is clean but overbearing like a mobile game or something. You can only toggle off the map separately but everything else (map icons, simplified instrument icons, autopilot icons, labels) toggles together. And it's not always clear if you're using an autopilot simplification or real auto controls (like German auto-radiator which they did have). And you start in-air with auto-level turned on (why??) which you must find the keyboard binding for or else jerk your stick sideways to disengage (and destabalize yourself).Overall a frustrating, oversimplified, mechanical, un-immersive experience. I think even the related (and free) Rise of Flight is more immersive and engaging even though it has WWI planes with ancient instruments. I recommend Cliffs of Dover for an immersive campaign that puts you in a real squadron (and it has clickable cockpits, less hand-holding like auto RPM limiter). And DCS has the best (and most expensive) WW2 plane simulations though it is lacking a good campaign."
76561198124738855,Recommended,307960,27285648,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aerodyne,"Excellent SIM. Tough as hell to learn but so, so worth it."
,Recommended,307960,25415153,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Rune,"You want a real ww2 plane simulator, what nots the 5 yo kids games like war thunder and world of warplane? (cuz i laugt them out) YES THIS IS WHAT YOU LOOKING FOR! This is a ""Harcore WW2 aircraft simulator""Im a an Il2 player 15 years ago. and i told you, this is the best one. :)"
,Recommended,307960,22989709,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,RevengeOfBacon,"I've had this game for a bit now, and I must say it is one of the best sims I've ever flown. Each aircraft has their own FM which is crazy (Fw 190 is a b****) and awesome at the same time. Nothing is more adrenaline-pumping than seeing a wing fly past your cockpit, or someone shooting up your six!"
76561198073994926,Recommended,307960,26528438,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Minipily,"Great game for those that are World War 2 enthusiasts or Flight Sim enthusiasts.Though the game may lack content, the content that is in is incredibly well detailed and refined. Also with the addition of Battle of Moscow and soon Battle of Kuban, this game will be pretty lush in content, all of which like I said will be incredibly detailed and realistic.Worth picking up if you are an enthusiast, however I cannot recommend it to the average player, not unless the game was on a sale as it is expensive, just know that you are getting what you pay for."
,Recommended,307960,22977061,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,TurtleX,I like it but bom (I feel) should be part of bos.
76561198007305359,Recommended,307960,30191013,Posted: 26 February,all,CobraMagic,"I have played nearly every flightsim on the pc market (and the amiga before that) to date.Most sims are locked in procedures , buttons you have to click preparations you have to make.But something is missing there, that world does not really come to life (I love DCS for example , but it sometimes feels like too perfect).AI oponnents are either superhuman or helpless canonfodderI always had that soft spot for sims that are actually about the flying itself, fighting the sick and gravity and gliding that wing.IL-2 Sturmovik: Battle of Stalingrad, does actually that , the ju52 actually flies different from the FW190, you just feel so powerfull in the wulf and helpless in the junkers. And then you did not press that damn trigger yet.Every plane is actually a different experience, its fun to fly the i16 and score on the bf109.This sim is never the same , things happen and you never know what to expect.yes some things are ""missing"" , the clickable cockpits it a thingy but no pilot had a mouse in the cockpit and mouses work fine in helos and jets but not in wobbly bobbly prop fighters.Map out the buttons , print a button sheet like in the old days , you will see ur soooo much faster than moving the mouse around to adjust prop pitch.A little more content (ground armour) would be nice , and i would love to fly a four prop bomber.(BIG EYES PLEAASSEEE)The developer learned a lot and is committed to show you history, that effort costs money , but if thats a point ,wait for the discounts ;) .Stop reading , go flying ( oh yeah those tanks can show you the game in another perspective)Highly recommended"
,Recommended,307960,15039921,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,mGz,Most rewarding game. You feel the immersion. You feel pleasure of flying. No need to kill an enemy. You can enjoy flying a transport plane to reinforce your team. Tottaly worth money.  It's getting better with each patch. Can't wait the battle of Moscow.
76561198166201811,Recommended,307960,30108832,Posted: 22 February,all,Taffledrummer,"Fantastic online dogfighting, dont have face track or anything yet which seems to be a must!!"
,Recommended,307960,12660428,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Faceman,Great WWII Eastern Front flight sim!
76561198160503232,Recommended,307960,12786915,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,shakeslie,"Simulator with awesome physics, accurate plane models (accurate in both flight model and look), stunning picture and... it works!It is not yet a monster with crazy amount of content like first Il-2 became after 10 years of development, but it is much fun and it is just the best thing you can earn if you want to get into air battle in WW2 plane cockpit. No matter if you are old Il-2 veteran or just want to try the taste of the sky for the first time. There are a lot of guides in communty and piloting realistic virtual warbird it is much easier than most people think.So, everything is simple: if you are somehow interested in flying airplane into battle, or whant to try and find out if you are, buy this game. The feel of flight it gives is really amasing and unique. (I flew almost all WW2 flight sims and I know what I'm talking about)."
76561197963547707,Recommended,307960,19707373,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Steel Bollocks,"Gorgeous, unforgiving, and amazingly fun. This game had the potential to be one of the best flight sims ever. Yet development was infected by the modern gaming disease called ""JustPlayMultiplayer-itis""Absent are the massive story-driven missions that made so many older sims unforgettable. History and scale that would never happen in a multiplayer match. Instead replaced by Generic Objective Maker with no context or sense of importance.That said, its a beautiful game and getting in any plane, taxiing out, taking off, and flying around is so enjoyable you forget you're supposed to drop a bomb on somebody.A wonderful addition to the IL2 series and a fantastic flight sim, just wish modern gaming hadnt given it the cancers of unlocks, DLC planes, and singleplayer-isnt-important"
76561198006125695,Recommended,307960,12622413,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,PointBlank,"Wow loving BOSGreat in every way = Graphics,physics,sound,realism,emmersive.A nice polished WW2 TitleHighly Recomend if you are into flight sims......Not as difficult to master like your mordern day A10c lolA real Gem"
76561197996980942,Recommended,307960,12589188,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Leichnam,Best World War II Flight Sim out there. Period.
,Recommended,307960,12613139,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,mortemor,I am absolutely loving this title.
76561198006974092,Recommended,307960,34736221,Posted: 4 September,all,gareth,Brillant sim but im finding that the latest large map has reduced my framerate to almost a slide show but the other maps still work really well with the settings at High!
76561197976105182,Recommended,307960,31387754,Posted: 26 April,all,KillerBee,"I am new the flight sims.  I have a cheap logitech extreme 3d pro, but it works fine for this sim.   It is very challenging at first.  For Newbies to flight sims, spend allot of time in the Quick Missions to get a feel for flying, shooting, and bombing.  Then your ready for fun on real missions.  Great game for the price (got it for 1/2 price when steam had a sale)."
76561198040045635,Not Recommended,307960,19512254,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,VonBarb,"Don't let yourselves be fooled by the title : This isn't an Il-2 series title. It features an Il-2 as part of the planeset, and the action takes place on the Eastern front during WWII, but the similarities end there. This game is 777 Studio's ""Rise Of Flight"" with WWII planes in a WWII setting. Bland environment, empty battlefields, a very disappointing SP experience and paid unlocks and flyable planes. In fact, ""Il-2 BoS"" may well be the very antithesis of what made the original Il2 such a great and long-running sim. I do not recommend this title to fans of the original Il-2 series, although RoF afficionados might appreciate the change of scenery within a familiar format."
,Recommended,307960,25370047,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,FifthColumnist,"Great flight models, great visuals, suberb audio, so much atmosphere, really nice damage modelling and great effects, but... the single player experience is quite dull and as far as I can tell its not possible (or perhaps easy) to run a private coop. 1C have removed some of the annoyances in the initial release and made this more of a simulator, but it still has a little way to go, Rise of Flight feels like a more complete package to me."
76561198010023557,Recommended,307960,25417635,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,xThrottle Geek,"I'm amazed at this game. Here's my experience:I look over my shoulder to see my wingman in a line abreast formation a couple hundred meters away. His 6 o'clock is clear and I glance anxiously above every so often for the cold contrails of a 109 on the hunt, looking to bounce us. The snowy Russian steppe stretches out beneath us. Sunlight filters through a broken layer of low clouds. We flit in and out of them periodically. My engine drones on and I adjust the RPM setting. The engine note rumbles lower. I lean over the edge of the cockpit window and verify my fuel gauge reads above 20. I adjust the mixture setting. Again. I glance at my comrade. THERES AN AIRCRAFT DIVING ON HIS HIGH 6! ""BREAK BREAK BREAK!"", I yell. I slam the throttle and prop controls to FULL and dive after them. This $UC*ER is not getting my wingman I think to myself. And the game is on...ONE. WORD.IMMERSION!Play this game if thats what you are looking for in a WW2 air combat sim. Nothing else comes close.Oh, and learn to taxi. Thats is all.  :)"
76561198274715865,Recommended,307960,21400189,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Stevelayne,"I'm not sure I can play the old IL-2 1946 any more after owning IL-2 Battle of Stalingrad - it will seem way too easy.  I got the Moscow pre-release planes too - $160 within two days.  Could it possibly be worth that much?  What, ten or twelve bucks per flyable plane? Having spent probably something near that total figure on 777's other brilliant sim, Rise of Flight  and owning all those WWI aircraft and many paid plane mods, and knowing I'd do it all again, yes, it is worth that much to an old flight simmer like me.  I'll pay good money for a unique and excellent product.  It's probably the closest thing so far to flying the real things, though of course that is a guess.  I've never actually flown a LAG 3 but the sim just feels right. This game makes me feel very immersed and I am really enjoying it.  I am doing campaigns now - great fun.    I've already got half the paint schemes unlocked on three planes.  Very challenging flight models, gunnery, landings, etc.  Looks great - graphics are top notch.  Seemingly for serious simmers, but everyone should give it a try if you love these old aircraft and the period history.  Buy a decent joystick - keyboard and mouse won't do.   I got the premium packages because I couldn't wait to fly all the birds.  Get this game and get ready to practice your stick and rudder, as well as shooting skills.  Thank you very much, 777 Studios.  Flight simmers can count on you to keep the fire burning !!!"
76561198100409972,Recommended,307960,33288512,Posted: 5 July,all,Vozze,I have been an absolute fan of the IL2 series for a long time (Since I was 6) and it is back as strong as ever!This is not a sim for the average gamer but it is great fun if you are a WOII-air-combat geek like me.Positives:+++ Damage model+++ Flight model++ performance (even in VR)++ Graphics+ Possible customisationNegatives:-- Small scale multiplayer (COOP)- No mission builderThis is a great classical combat-flight sim wich is continiously being expanded upon. The negatives I listed will be taken care of December 2017 wich is when a friend of mine will jump in too!I am seriously exited for the future of this series.Note: HOTAS seriously improves experience.
,Recommended,307960,20625385,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,|RD| John Fucking Kennedy,"The most realistic and immersive PC sim I have ever played. The flight characteristics of the aircraft is very realistic. The only thing I'm missing is a full motion simulator. I certainly hope that expansions can be made off this platform for U.S. and Great Britain.Damage modelling is still somewhat of a concern. The fuselage is usually one piece up to the mid tail. No worries, though. The planes react accurately to damage other than the visuals."
76561198007341077,Recommended,307960,34037307,Posted: 5 August,all,Maty743,Very enjoyable game. A must have if you own a VR headset in my opinion.
,Recommended,307960,23908186,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Clorox Bleach,A must have if you are into the WWII flight sim genre.
76561198060285754,Recommended,307960,13933654,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,bloodborne gazisi (burak),"pros: fun game for flying ww2 planes flown by the luftwaffe and soviet air force in 1942-43good campaigngreat graphicsvery realisticvery good damage model and physicscan control almost everything on the planecan fly various classes of airplanes,like fighters,ground attack aircraft,bombers and i believe they will add morefun multiplayerbig enough maps to fly in, honestly even taking off and flying around the map is fun in this gamehas various fun missionscan fly around in various weather conditions and times of the day, can make a custom mission where you decide everythingexpert mode for even more realism where you have to manually do a lot of stuff to get the plane ready to take offdevelopers seem to be concerned about improving the game consistently and seem to be objective (i.e not soviet fanboys) unlike some other developers. no op planes in my opinioncons: having a good enough joystick is a must, need to spend more money just to play an already expensive game if you are not  into flight simulators, more of a simulator than an arcade game(ok some people would prefer a simulator so maybe this is not a con) so it takes a long time to even learn to take off,land and fly properly(still havent perfected landing) and a long time to master and learn everything. of course it will be easier if you have something to do with aviation in real life, some of my friends are able to grasp concepts of the game much more easily because they are into aviationexpensivehas dlc planes that are also too expensive(seriously, cant be 30 dollars for just 1 plane)you may be better off buying il-2 cliffs of dover,looks nice enough and has as much contentif you have a laptop with a dedicated and an integrated graphics card the game somehow runs with integrated graphics even though its very demanding, can manually switch that to dedicated gpu to fix it though(this may have been fixed)"
76561198036993880,Recommended,307960,12971423,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,HeavyDelta,"If you are a fan of flight sims, you need to get this one! Recaptures almost all of what was great about the original IL-2 series. Sure there are bugs, but not like CLoD, this one is playable right out of the box and looks amazing. The flight model doesn't feel as ""real"" as it could, but it is a challenge to fly it well (especially landings!). I know alot of people are whining about the unlocks, but seriously you dont even notice it everything unlocks so quickly. What, you werent going to fly it for hours offline anyway?Hopefully they are working on multiplayer where you can host your own missions. That would be outstanding."
76561198008869550,Recommended,307960,15754641,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,HFSzsoci,"This is a very good game, and in simulator mode, very realistic too. I think, better than Warthunder. Now in Steam, with 50% sale, very good buy!Nagyon jó játék, szimulátor módban komoly kihívás, normál módban pedig könnyedebb szórakozás. Akciósan, 50% ért, nagyon jó vétel! Warthundert üti minden szinten, egy joystick kell hozzá, és világbajnok!"
76561198004899373,Recommended,307960,12884341,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,DangerMike,"I was not sure about purchasing this gane and held back.  I should not have worried; its fantastic.  Sure there are only a handful of planes, but its enough (I wont be spending additional money on the DLC planes unless they are on sale though).The visuals are spectacular, though it can take a while to really appreciate the effort that has gone into the map.  What seems like a blank looking mass of snow at first reveals hidden depths detail and beauty.I highly recommend this game."
76561197990549804,Recommended,307960,14918452,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,[RIP] KNEECAPPER,Its a great game  it plays great looks great it just needs more content which it's getting soon i give it a score of 8.5/10.A good joystick and trackir are a must to get the most out of this game.
,Not Recommended,307960,14970844,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,But I'm Just An Old Lady Anon,"Greedy cash in by the devs, terrible flight physics, boring maps, no ""war"" going on, just small skirmishes. DLC in pre-release, which, I'd actually tolerate if the rest of the game were amazing and it were obvious they really were putting extra effort in.Disappointing in almost every respect once you get past the initial newness of it.Also, it has the single stupidest fanbase of ANY game that I've written a review on; they seem to honestly believe that these steam reviews, which in this case were posted a full year after the game was initally put into early release, will have a significant effect on sales still, and the only way they can ""save their game"" is to complain, loudly, on reviews like this one about how wonderful everything in-game is and how the reviewers just don't understand and probably aren't pilots yadda yadda. They're actually worse than DayZ fanboys, and they have absolutely no self-awareness of any of this."
,Recommended,307960,15410197,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Sir Mult,"This is a simulator (not a game) and its a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥great simulator! Awsome graphics, very well developed, I recomend to all Flight Sim lovers!"
76561197973560826,Recommended,307960,13535803,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Guy on a Buffalo,"Like all games ever nowadays, this has been released as a pre-release of what could be a really really great game but may never actually get there.Even so, it offers the best atmosphere and realism possible in an approachable package for a reasonable amount of money. The complexity of flying is scalable, so one can just have fun shooting at other airplanes rather than spending hours upon hours learning why a BF-109 hasn't got elevator trim but a FW-190 does. However, if you do like that sort of thing, IL-2's latest iteration includes a sophisticated flight model and systems complexity nearly on par with DCS (I said NEARLY; lay off, DCS fanboys/fangirls). Since you get a whole simulator, campaign mode, and a variety of aircraft for the price of one DCS aircraft, that seems like a good deal to me.TL;DR: pretty, pedantic, promising, pre-release. ""We are still working on it"", but the hard work shows."
76561198108735089,Recommended,307960,32783412,Posted: 25 June,all,Peter Unlustig,"Black screen when started in full screen. PC freezes.Update (Fixed by newest NVIDIA drivers 382.53)Besides this. I got this since Warthunder is becoming an arcade/kiddo game.I can recommend this as a replacement for its immersion and sim capabilities.What a surprise (sarcasm), it's really enjoyable (not sarcasm) --- 777, 1C FTW."
,Recommended,307960,34927681,Posted: 13 September,all,Wz,It is a good flight sim. A strong lack of airplane choices (specially when you compare the old IL2s) but it is a fun and realistic sim.
,Recommended,307960,31358334,Posted: 25 April,all,MλGNUM,"Before reading: I have played this for hundreds of hours but only registered 6h on Steam.This game is an ever evolving product thats shows that the developers really care for it. Throughout the time, updates have been delivered in a regular basis bringing both new features and improvements. The developers listen to the community as well, which makes things great for both ways. Even though there are still some flaws (missing single player career, lack of diversity of gameplay), the future is bright, and long awaited features have been confirmed by the devs.In my opinion, this is the best WWII flight sim in the market, bringing a perfect balance between casual and hardcore gameplay."
,Recommended,307960,34623047,Posted: 30 August,all,pushdawn3,This game is superbly well crafted!  Excellent flying experience.
,Recommended,307960,35437874,Posted: 3 October,all,VermillionStuka,Best value for moeny in the flight sim market. All installmets of BOX are fantastic absolutly recomend. Every month gets better with regular updates. If you like combat flight sims this is a must buy.
76561198002322759,Recommended,307960,35063738,Posted: 19 September,all,Herne The Hunter,"I pre purchased this game years ago. I waited patiently for the VR patch, perhaps having up to 50 hours in game prior to VR mostly single player.A lot has happened over the years. DX11, VR implementation is second to none. I now have over 700 hours in game, most of that since april.I reccomend this game to pretty much anyone who has any interest at all in flying. I used to fly gliders, for 12 years of my life, I get a similar joy out of flying these warbirds in VR, as I did back when I used to fly. Combat is a thrilling bonus.The game really shines in Multi Player. Community hosted servers provide some interesting dynamic ongoing battles, or stand alone conflicts over short periods of time. Do you like some instant furball action ? there are servers around that can cater for that.The Flight Models, from what I can tell, are excellent. It's clear for all to see that the Dev's have put a lot of love into this game, to try and get things as accurate as they can make them. After 700 hours, I am still learning things, appreciating nuances in small details that I might not have noticed previously.If anyone is sat on the fence, and has a few questions, visit the official forums and ask them there. The community is outstanding, and will be more than willing to answer them."
,Recommended,307960,25332794,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,tikbo,the game is very fun   but  challenging and hard to play as well.
,Recommended,307960,20729486,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,SILVER,Highly recommended just the best air simulation game of WWII
,Recommended,307960,21220978,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Hank Hill,"One of the best flight sims out on the market right now..  This game and DCS world are about the best of the best for combat flight sims, but this game gives you alot for the money. And the multiplayer is very great aswell. if your an avid flier, i reccomend this game to you and your fellow pilots!"
76561198001936711,Recommended,307960,20662022,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mud,"A very decent combat flight simulator.The campaign itself is a bit flat and static but with a few mods like IL2 career generator or PWCG it's a immersive experience.Steep learning curve if you want everything to do yourself like engine managment, prop pitch ect but very rewarding in the end.Check out the official forums to get started and for mods."
76561198074720971,Recommended,307960,21701717,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,cranium1,"As far as flight sims ago, this is one of the best. It is, however, exceptionally diificult to fly even with the Thrustmaster Warthog. You need a bit of practice but once you get your first kill (of a fighter, not a slow bomber), it's a really nice feeling."
76561197980875016,Recommended,307960,14337314,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Chaz,"WOW! Just took some shots at a HE-111 as the debri tore a hole in my Yaks  winshield. It's what they say ...graphics, physics, etc...Awesome! I would like to see a Campaign reset and/or Dynamic map and rearm/refuel options on landings of same mission. Give more of the feeling of having effect on the battlefield. I still enjoy this game as is but can love it even more...I also own Rise of Flight and like the Career option."
76561198082859885,Recommended,307960,28738648,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,-WV-  Icarus Septim-senpai,great game! only complaint is the lack of a totorial.
76561198074855075,Recommended,307960,29561515,Posted: 29 January,all,Scaredhorsey,A great game. Most definitely worth getting a cheap joystick for...Much edge of seat action and great community made resources.Im very happy with it. : )
76561198063942102,Recommended,307960,33203470,Posted: 3 July,all,PS5Owner,"I heard good things about the VR support so I decided to go with IL2.I play it using the Vive controllers using a program called SteamVR wheel.  And it does work well using the touchpads as pitch/throttle/rudder.Wouldn't exactly call the VR support ""good"" more like barely adequate. But that's sort of where we are with flight sims right now.  Once you finish setting everything up, using the keyboard, the game itself is pretty awesome."
76561198070970125,Recommended,307960,18849646,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Matt,"Alot of the reviews for this game state that its ""not what I had hoped for "" or ""dissapointing"". I was really worried when purchasing this but Im really glad I did. I played Il2 Cliffs of Dover casually as the game was a bit of a strain for me (the cockpits were so well detailed it actually hurt my eyes, framerate was generally not great, UI was awful) even so I expected a great deal of detail and polish in Il2 Battle of Stalingrad and it definitely has it.In my opinion one of the most important parts of an immersive simulator are the sound effects and this game has it spot on, the engines and various other effects sound great and authentic. The graphics are quite good as well (especially the aircraft). The game itself plays very well with  aircraft responding realistically to stalling and rough maneuvering. The game while not great as far as optimization goes still runs better than Cliffs of Dover and even when low in framrate still runs strangely smooth. The damage models are very detailed with basically any part of the aircraft being able to come off (I must've spent 3 hours plowing aircraft into the ground watching the wings flex and break). The UI is well designed and a staggering improvement from the one seen in Cliffs of Dover.But there are also a few low point in the game like the lack of clickable cockpits. One of my favorite point of Cliffs of Dover was having the completely manual control of aircraft and while Battle of Stalingrad does support it with keyboard binding available I much rather have the option of clickable cockpits. The game can also get repedetive as far as the campaign goes with you generally having the same objectives dependent on which mission type you select. But even with that in consideration I still come back to Il2 daily.I got Il2 BoS for $30 over a sale and at that price its a good deal, but at $50 im not sure I can recommend it. So wait for a sale and definitely pick it up if you have even a moderate fondness for aircraft simulators (like I do)."
76561198113394403,Recommended,307960,19490409,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Zeuki1200,"WOW !! I had this game on my wishlist for a year I think, before I decided to give it a try. It wasnt even on sale, and went on sale a week after I bought it, I was enjoying it so much I didnt even care. This is the reason for my HOTAS right now. The game really puts you there in the planes, the immersion is deep, the learning curve is steep ( and rewarding) and the ground is unflinching when you plummit to your demise. There are so many little things in this game that I like, the noise that your plane makes when its taken a few too many hits, the sense of accomplishment when you finally stick a post misson landing and get that 50% bonus for actually landing in one piece. The OH CRAP feeling when you unsettle your attack approch by shooting rockets off one at a time and upset the glide path of your plane etc etc etc , I really like it I swear I can smell the exhaust when I start up for a mission. I liked it so much I went and bought 1/72 models of my favorite planes to put together ha ha ha ha . Oh and the multiplayer is pretty cool too, although not a huge number of people I have been able to join at least one server anytime to find other players to annoy with my noob_ness. A cool touch also for the multiplayer is being able to crew a gun station on a friends plane and vise-versa. If you like a no-bs sim style combat game this may be for you.The only negatives that I have for this game is that it is centered around a specific time and place, and that means a limited assortment of aircraft to fly. I understood this going in ( its all in the name after all) but I would love to see the scope of this game expanded. I dont hold this against the game, but I could see how some may have no interest in the specific planes on offer, so make sure you know what is included before making a decision. the second negative is the somewhat low number of players in multiplayer, there are enough to get into a game generally during most times, the servers arent exactly bursting full. ( the unfortunate side effect being you will play with alot of the same people) this I hope will improve over time.thats all i have to say . One of the esiest thumbs up I have given yet."
76561198084491096,Recommended,307960,15193550,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Sir Francis Douche,"I really enjoy this game and I really think that the developers really did do a good job. The graphics and flight physics are amazing and the game is just really immersive. There are a couple problems which I think the developers should really consider; I know that this has been getting a lot of attention already but I must bring it up, the unlocking of accesories. I have a mixed idea about this but, I had to spend hours grinding in repetitive missions for quite some time. This is not really what the community and I want. Now, I said my opinion was mixed, doing these missions do make getting stuff a little bit more enjoyable and you can get some practice out of the missions although if you dont know how to fly certain aircraft from outside knowledge, you might have some trouble flying in online. Another problem is the price. I understand this is a world run by capitalism but I feel like $20 for a Focke Wulf and another $20 for an LA-5 is a little pricey. Besides the little bugs that I expect to be fixed and the 2 major problems, I absolutley love this game and I cant wait for Battle of Moscow to be out!"
,Recommended,307960,15782256,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,§kimeric,"This is a good game, unfortunately, im having problems with FPS. I probably need a better computer. This is probably the trigger that will get me to buy a new desktop, one with maybe a better graphics card. If you have a good graphics card already, and you feel patriotic about WWII, then this game is for you :). The scenery is goreous (but not all rainbows and happiness sort of gorgeous)."
,Recommended,307960,20419941,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Skeleboners,"IL-2 BoS is sort of like War Thunder minus all the things I hated about War Thunder.That's going to be controversial, because a lot of people are posting reviews doing everything they can to prove that IL-2 is //NOTHING!!!// like War Thunder... but it is. And that's not a bad thing!BoS hits the same ""accessible realism"" point that something like War Thunder (mainly sim mode, but ""normal"" settings in BoS include markers and automatic engine management) hits. Neither are the rivet-counting, absolute to the metal fidelity that something like DCS strives to be (I play a lot of DCS too, by the by), but both War Thunder (outside of arcade battles) and BoS are VERY far from the more arcadey, easy to learn experience that an air combat game like Crimson Skies might be. BoS even has an experimental mouse-aim mode for potential aviators who don't have joysticks, though from what I understand the implementation is very rough around the edges at the moment.The main differences in BoS and War Thunder are why I much prefer the former to the latter. War Thunder's primary problems are the free-to-play grind that you have to expect from... well, a free-to-play game (BoS has a progression system that is a tooooouch grindy, as well, but none of the unlocks are really game changing and you can grind them out in singleplayer if you want), and the very questionable flight models and balancing that everyone just sort of accepts as standard from the game now. In BoS, you won't be clubbed by a fighter that's severely over-performing, and you won't be crippled for flying an aircraft you enjoy because it under-performs or finds itself facing unreasonably stiff opposition. Honestly, in BoS, most of the (fighter) aircraft are pretty evenly matched- even the premiums (I fear the 109 pilot over the 190). I've even had semi-successful engagements flying a goddamned IL-2 up against fighters, because at the end of the day a skilled pilot (which I am not- hence the SEMI-successful nature of those engagements) will win no matter his aircraft... and the IL-2 has much better low speed performance than any fighter in the game so dragging♥♥♥♥♥♥sure Bubi-wannabes into low-speed duels is a very good way to embarass the Luftwaffe.All these comparisons to War Thunder aside- you will need a joystick to fully enjoy IL-2: BoS. Preferably one with a rudder axis (Rudder is SUPER IMPORTANT on these old prop aircraft for managing sideslip) and a throttle flapper. You can find a stick like that for like $15-$20, usually. Also, some form of headtracking makes dogfighting, especially on full-realism servers without markets, MUCH easier (maintaining situational awareness is a big part of being a successful combat pilot)- you can build a headtracker with rudimentary knowledge of how to solder and about $30 in materials, or if you have an android smartphone I hear that there are ways to use that, strapped to a headset or something, to get 3-DOF (as in, you won't be able to lean around in the cockpit, but you can look left and right and up and down) headtracking that works decently well. If you're not able or willing to do any of those, you can map your view controls to a hat on your joystick or something, and that should be serviceable.So yeah- If you enjoyed War Thunder when it wasn't harassing you with awful game design and sketchy as frig flight models, and you're okay with a more limited roster of flyable aircraft, AND you're okay with flying with a joystick (until the devs polish mouse aim), pick this game up. It's enormous fun, even flying ground attack or a bomber like the Peshka or the Heinkel (though I do wish you could get magnetic bearing to target in those aircraft, flying bombing approaches on smaller targets without it is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥, and you'll end every fight with a dumb grin even if its you who ended up a fiery ball of dead airplane on the ground. And if you're more a study-sim guy (like I am, honestly), don't gloss over BoS as just-another-WWII-plane-game, it's plenty realistic enough that really only noncombat systems are streamlined (and radios, but we all know you fly with easy communication on in DCS, anyway)."
76561198025743151,Recommended,307960,19348595,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Bio-Rhöni,"Pros:+true combat flight sim experience+reasonably well graphics for a modern flight simulation+great sound and damage effects+authentic flight models and no russian bias like in other russian made ""simulations""+actively played on multiplayer+still in devellopement: with ""Battle of Moscow"" and later probably more DLC's comming upthis game will stay in the attention focus of players and will be part of something bigger in the future.Cons:-Very demanding on pc's performance espacially the CPU-There are issues with the view range. You won't see planes that are further away then 10km at alland everything further then 3km is very hard to spot.-The singleplayer campaign is pretty liveless and boring (they are improving it though)-No clickable cockpits like in ""Cliffs of Dover""A few words on the pricing and DLC politics:If you think Battle of Stalingrad is expensive keep in minde that producing flight sims is at least as expensive if not more expensive then producing a mainstream game that is supposed to be bought by houndred thousands players.But flight sims aren't bought by houndred thousands players as the playerbase for such titles is quite small.Thus the ""high"" price.Even though I can understand that the company needs to make money with the game I think cutting out planes from the game isn't the best solution (Fw-190/La-5) but at least those planes aren't ""pay to win"" in the multiplayer.My recomendation: If you want these planes, simply wait for a sale to get them cheaper.The splitting of the game in big DLC's and working on them one after another to add to a greater game is in my oppinion a great idea.  For one: this makes sure that every single part of the game is finished in a state that actually can be called finished. Flight sims are prone for bugs and flight models that are simply a bit off. Thats why they need time to ""grow the beard"". By splitting the project in peaces the game gets time to do that. (Think of what happened to Cliffs of Dover: Big game, took to long and cost to much money to finish and was rushed to the marked in a horrible state.)For now the patches of ""Battle of Moscow"" with its planes are allready integrated in ""Battle of Stalingrad"" even if you haven't purchased BoM. The only difference is, that you will not be able to fly its planes  untill you buy BoM. Still you will come across BoM's planes in singleplayer and multiplayers as allies and opponents.All in all I think Battle of Stalingrad is a fun flight sim with a promising future.(Fun enough to be a reason for me to replace my stoneage CPU)"
,Recommended,307960,23904741,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,♥ Spice Girls ♥ Sporty (;,"I don't have crashing issues on this game so I feel for the people disliking the game for those reasons but everyone else is just a filthy casual.If you want to unrealistically swoop through the sky and get ez kills go play war thunder, but if you want a real sim, something that actually resembles real warfare, this game does that wonderfully.  Get a joystick and trackIR or a vive and it's go time boyo.  Also my game time is much much higher than 3 hours but it doesnt track my time since the game exe launches through Thrustmaster Target software for some reason."
76561198123064334,Recommended,307960,11879427,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,buzzlevifc,HelloIt would be nice tp play game however after I enter my email and password it still says that they are both incorrect anychance of getting a refund?
76561197992676600,Recommended,307960,27023316,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Benito Tortellini,"The best flight sim out there, period.  Honestly, why would you ever look at the reviews? yes it is expensive, so either bite the bullet or wait for a sale.  But the price doesn't change how amazing this game is."
76561197970657903,Recommended,307960,26854550,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[W.I.S.P] Silver51,"One of the few flight sims we've found where you and your friends can pilot and take gunner positions in the same aircraft. FYI, you can use a keyboard/mouse as a gunner but you need a decent HOTAS setup or joystick with yaw control as a pilot.Hilariously good fun, expecially on VIOP with friends."
76561197997794666,Recommended,307960,33348654,Posted: 7 July,all,Tikigod,"ProsVR experience in IL2 is amazing!!!! You get th full IL2 game experience in VR. (not a dumbed down demo of full game)I have flown IL2 games for many years and was blown away when playing this title in VR using HTC Vive.  If you are any type of aviation enthusiast I highly recommend investing in VR for this game, you will not be disappointed.IL2 support responded next day to resolve registration/license key issues with website.Game supports Microsoft 360 controller (I usually use a H.O.T.A.S.) but, its nice to be able to play same game with a simple setup for travel, etc.  The flight model actually feels really good using 360 controller.ConsAll joystick or Controllers need to be mapped manually in order to work first time. So, first time setup between setting up controllers to your liking and registering keys on website before you actually start enjoying the game may take up to 1-2 hours.Registration process is annoying and has too many points of failure.First time experience setting up game:  30-40 minutes figuring out how to register steam keys with website.  It took me another hour to setup my contoller to work just right through trial and error with flight model.Played standard version for a bit and liked it so much, I decided to buy premium. I thought this would be a simple process but, ended up being more complicated than it had to be. When I returned Standard purchase on Steam to buy Premium with Collector Planes, I was locked out from playing for weekend due to license errors signing in.  Website login will prevent you from adding new keys if they match a previous product purchased.  You cannot remove old keys of any products you returned from a pervious purchases. The website will prevent you from playing and throw errors if you are in middle of replaceing keys.Again, IL2 support responded next day to resolve registration/license key issues with website.  So, although the experience made a bad firrst impression.  They resolved issue very quickly."
76561198347011056,Recommended,307960,33342611,Posted: 7 July,all,nake350,"Amazing graphics, and especially so in VR. There are restrictions on head movement in the cockpit which means when you move your head towards the edges an invisible barrier stops you and/ or the cockpit starts to move with you. It does spoil it a bit, but this limitation can now be turned off in some game modes.Game can be a bit sluggish, but turning off the HUD when not needed helps a lot.Overall a very nice immersive game."
76561198097641030,Recommended,307960,35398830,Posted: 1 October,all,Decapper,"Had this game for a while. Never really played it as I have a htc vive and waited for vr to work. Took sometime, and even longer to setup my x52 profile. But now both are great I love this game. You have to have a beefy system and drop hud to have supersampling at 2.0 even! Looks great and I'm now hooked. Looking forward to further vr updates as this is incredible."
76561198041410860,Recommended,307960,25311286,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Shrek,Wonderful!
,Recommended,307960,31004933,Posted: 7 April,all,i am moofin,stalingrad really wasn't as big as it's shown in movies in gamesalso i shot down one plane once
,Recommended,307960,27642501,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bîzu Constantin,"I wathced the development of this game since it was announced and I'm very satisfied with the end result.But still there are a few things remaining which need to be implemented, as full Lorenz navigation, radio beacons and so on."
76561198000524966,Recommended,307960,28229312,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Carlos Ramon,"Fun game, but the AI deserves to be sent to the gulag"
76561197979530057,Recommended,307960,30300805,Posted: 3 March,all,Pilot37,"Really Excellent Sim(Just frustrated by the fact that I spend half my time trying to reset controls on my Saitek X52 Pro. I mean get real, this should be easy but it is seriously trial and error and my time is more valuable than that! Sort out this mess, I don't want to spend 99% of my time wondering why my head position button pauses the game etc (yes you can have a button assigned to do 2 things). For such a common controller the ""default"" setting should be better than 0. The descriptions in the settings are vague to the uninitiated and trial and error takes hours only to find they reset themselves)"
,Recommended,307960,25425121,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,max.eisert,"Played 65 hours now. Great game. Just flying the aircraft is already marvelous. There is less RPG aspect in the campaign than in Rise of Flight as you are not part of a squadron. The gradual increase of the difficulty level during the campaign is however a nice feature and there is the promise that they will include a more RPG experience in the future (career mode).I can recommend to play in Expert mode. It takes some more time but it is more challenging and rewarding.The only problem with the game is that it sometimes stops working when I want to start a mission, especially when I went into the key bindings menu before (even without changing anything). No game crashes once you are in the mission so it is not too annoying.For the rest its a brilliant WWII flight simulation. Especially the German Heinkel-111 is a masterpiece with a stunning cockpit view, the wonderfull bomsight and all the different realistic gunsights. A must buy for every flight sim fan out there. Only disadvantage is the steep pricing but this is because the number of flight simmers is (unfortunately) limited. This disadvantage is however countered by the regular sales."
76561198030498885,Recommended,307960,23998833,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,headshot26496,Higly recommend especially after updates.  If you like WWII Flight Sims then you will enjoy the attention to detail of this sim.  Even on the lowest graphic setting  everything still looks great.  If you prefer authenticity over  arcade like gameplay then this is for you.
,Recommended,307960,33132545,Posted: 2 July,all,░▒▓ ntropy ▓▒░,Amazing game in VR.
76561198038523906,Recommended,307960,24342684,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,macster567,"This flight simulation is AWESOME!The feeling of speed as you fly through clouds is unsurpassed.The flight models are so demanding, in combat, that you barely notice the landscape.The feeling of being in a war zone is well simulated, with columns of smoke, vehicles, and ground AA fire.The planes are magnificient and the air to air combat is outstandingly portrayed.It's amazing when a true love comes back better than before.Welcome back IL2.........Wow.You that don't understand my review, this game is AWESOME!Maybe that helps."
76561197974843695,Recommended,307960,16558393,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,JG13_opcode,It's a quality flight sim.In terms of the actual gameplay it's still easily the best combat flight sim out there.  War Thunder's flight model is a joke compared to this.
76561198015948063,Recommended,307960,25841959,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Sniggles,"IL2 Stalingrad and Moscow have really come a long way since first released (more like a rough work in progress Beta initially).  They have been good about releasing on-going upgrades, and though not perfect, I think its better than alternatives out there for the mix of sim and immersion.  Not as sim as the prior Cliffs of Dover, but MUCH more playable (without the 3rd party Mods, it was broken). DCS has some great stuff as well, but missing the WWII environment (or not without a lot of modding effort).  With their recent Kuban expansion plans, it shows commitment to meaningful continued improvements.  I'm really glad I hung in there and have seen IL2 develop to the point it is now, especially with the pending improvements.As for gripes, I believe they have a bit of Soviet bias in the modeling, but its liveable and I hope it sees some tweaks.  Single player ""story"" at the moment is a bit weak, but once flying in game, its good.   Kuban related releases upcoming are addressing the single player aspect."
76561198090527341,Recommended,307960,24201753,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TheGrimReaper,Great Game!
76561198085455728,Recommended,307960,22409816,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Mr Castrol,Ok Finally bought this after many year's of Warthunder yes i said it Warthunder (GHo home ♥♥♥♥♥♥ etc) don't care well this just surprized me so much the detail and sound is just amazing having a blast learning a new flight game againhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx6T2UhIHb8So good and fun :D
76561198124543322,Recommended,307960,14148340,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,GoatMaaan,"It almost feels like you are flying. I've been playing flight sims for the past 20 years and this games nails the sensation of flight better than any other. Multiplayer is a blast and it takes less than 30 seconds from the time you launch the game to the time you are flying on a server. It is also deep but accessible. You can play on Normal servers with radar, tagging of planes, a HUD, and autopilot or you can play on Expert servers with none of these assists.So why all the bad reviews? Here is a summary of the most common:""I can't get it to work!"" Read the install instructions and register online. You only have to do it once and it is the least invasive DRM on Steam.""DLC and unlocks have no place in an unfinished flight sim."" I can't disagree, especially since the German FW190 is only available as DLC. This was the second most iconic German fighter of the war and should have been made available to all from the start. The Russian La-5 was seldom flown so that is understandable as DLC but the German offering should have been one of the two variations of the 109 Messerschmitt already in the game.Even if you do not take part in the DLC or unlocks, IL-2 BOS has the most enjoyable online dogfights out there and is a worthwhile purchase for anyone interested in a combat flight sim."
,Recommended,307960,25318182,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Valletta Meme Master,Yeah it's pretty good.But $20 a plane is a joke. And all the other ones are in battle of moscow which is another $50 bucks. If they would stop price gouging this game would be nice.
,Recommended,307960,18706544,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,☜Scorp☞™,"Grown greatly since its initial release, those who have given it a bad review should re visit"
76561198162872040,Recommended,307960,23246550,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Spazza,I love it 10/10 a must have for true air sim pilots.
76561197970230465,Recommended,307960,15779605,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Jelcyn,"If you love 1946, this is what you're been waiting for."
,Recommended,307960,14917038,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Iron Bloke [24pz],"Il2- battle of Stalingrad is a beautifully overpriced, scarily under finished game, that shows flares of what made the first game such a hit, with some disappointing design choices and unfinished qualities.want to know more? check out my full review here:www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXxrf_sR3xc"
76561197969546825,Recommended,307960,23408788,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,POW POW POWERWHEELS!!! [SAC],Love it!
76561198250408992,Recommended,307960,33988512,Posted: 3 August,all,Panzer Commander,Pretty Fu ckentastical
76561198016251490,Recommended,307960,12798537,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Komrad Stoski,i like it but it laggs a little when it really should'nt i hope they fix that. Overall its a great game it just isn't the friendliest to noobs or beginners but if you put the hours in it will reward you.
,Recommended,307960,13534324,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Arkiem,"The best of the franchise so far, I love the interface, how it is presented. Realism=Awsome."
76561197984324501,Not Recommended,307960,23605597,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,xvii-Dietrich,"TLDR: IL-2 Battle of Stalingrad is fairly limited, has a dull single-player campaign, and a poor multiplayer environment. The flight models are good, but the environment, graphics and sounds feel flat. It feels like a chore to play it.Full review: IL-2 Battle of Stalingrad (IL2:BoS) is a flight simulator set on the Eastern Front at the turning point of the Second World War. The battle and backdrop are epic, but this simulator does not do it justice. Technically, the game engine is pretty good, and the simulation of the flight, damage and world environment are actually quite good. However, the interface, presentation and engagement with the player are poor.There are a limited 8 aircraft in the game that you can fly, with a further two available as premium extras for purchase. Some of these are very similar (e.g. two variants of the Bf 109), making it feel even more limited. The implementations are okay, but there are some bugs which greatly detract from the experience. For example, there is a constantly flashing warning message telling you to retract the landing gear... on a Stuka (an aircraft with fixed undercarriage)! The aircraft have various degrees of automation, which I found frustrating. Another example is that the official paint-schemes are just a random assortment from throughout the war... such as desert camouflage in the Soviet Winter. Again, it doesn't stop gameplay, but it is detracting and unnecessary. Also, many of the interesting systems (radios, radar, navigations, etc.) are not implemented.The graphics are fairly flat, making it feel cartoon-like. The icons/interface overlay is cluttered and confusing. The sounds are okay, but the radio messages sound very repetitive and stilted (like badly automated railway announcements). There are also modern ""beep"" sounds, which detract from the ambiance.There is a multiplayer scene, but it is a bit quiet and lacking depth. However, the real let down is the single-player campaign. Rather than a career, where you can follow the progress of the squadron, get promotion, look after an individual aircraft and feel a sense of being there... the campaign is just a string of missions that feel randomly generated. There is some text and the missions work in themselves, but they feel very canned and lacking in depth. It is difficult to feel committed to them. Yes, there is an overall pilot rank and medals, but they are just for the gamer, and not for each individual career or aircraft.Even the ""unlock system"" is weak. I know that some players hate them. To the contrary, I actually really like the unlocks. It gives you a sense of accomplishing something. However, these unlocks are a bit dull. Just extra bombs or new paintschemes, and it is often possible to bag several at once, removing the sense of accomplishment.Although I've had this title for quite some time, and have an interest in the Eastern Front due to personal connection, I simply have not had any enthusiasm for this title. Given its age, it has already matured, so no significant development can be expected to improve the situation. For an arcade player, there are far more extensive titles. For the hard-core simulator enthusiast, IL2:BoS falls short.I do not recommend this title."
76561198037763622,Recommended,307960,31271717,Posted: 21 April,all,snipp5,"Amazing  game  with details , Updates all the time,  Good work and good DLC :)"
76561198099640663,Recommended,307960,12396603,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,SAG,"This game has come a long long way since i bought it back in 2014, the graphics have improved, the unlock system is long gone and performance has come a long way as well, and it is now in VR!!! :DThe feeling of flying is the best i've gotten in years of flight simming and it is the most rewarding experience ive had in the gaming world. its  a SIM so don't expect to learn everything in 20 minutes of playing. in fact, don't expect to learn every single aspect of every plane unless you spend a ton of time with them. i have almost 1000 hours on steam and dont know how many on the standalone launcher and that is flying Allied planes almost exlusively.While this game does not have ClickPits like DCS, it does have all the actual complexity of what someone would expect from a WWII flight simulator. You need to watch your engines from overheating or over-reving, adjust your mixture, set supercharger stages, be mindful of your energy, etc. and with the new revised flight model it is even better at giving you the feeling of flying than it was before.The game is playable on a mouse and keyboard but a simple Joystick is necessary IMHO for most people to actually enjoy the title, there are some things that aren't perfect though, like the current campaign which can be a little boring. luckily this is getting overhauled to be more like Rise of Flight's, which has a dynamic campaign where you follow your pilot and his progress through the war.Battle of Stallingrad is a standalone product, just like its stand-alone expansions Battle of Moscow and Battle of Kuban (EA) that are sold thorugh their website and are all integrated into the same launcher (so if you purchase BoS here, you can purchase the rest through the website and have it integrated into steam's BoS launcher). i just clear this up since some people get confused by it. BoM shows in steam as DLC but its actually a standalone expansion that can be purchased in the website; so is Battle of Kuban early access.The game has its flaws like not having a tutorial and considering that it is a game SIMULATING real WWII aircraft, it can be pretty hard for  newcomers to get things going for them. the community makes up for this though with great tutorials and manuals both in written and YT video format which can all be found in the forums.A great thing about having all titles integrated into the same launcher is that all games (BoS, BoM and the new BoK) get upgraded when new improvements are developed for their engine, so VR for example is available for all titles despite only being released during the Battle of Kuban early access. so all the good stuff that is comming for Battle of Kuban is also going to trickle down into the older titles BoS and BoM.Multiplayer is where the more competitive players dwell and where i find myself 90% of the time. it is very rewarding participating in dynamic wars like in the TAW server or to just join a duel server like Berloga for a quick dogfight to sharpen your skills. the Multiplayer server browser is pretty bare-bones so there is no queueing system so if many players are trying to get into the server at once (like when a server restarts) it might take you several tries to get in.If you're going Multiplayer make sure you join people on TeamSpeak or any of the Discord channels, since flying against humans can be quite a challenge!I just wrote my thoughts on the current state of the game since my last review was from 2014 (if i remember correctly) and things have come a long way since.if you want the best WWII flight SIM out there with what is possibly the best VR implementation and a great community, get this game, i personally couldnt recommend it enough! :D"
76561197970875686,Recommended,307960,34891169,Posted: 11 September,all,Draknar986,"Update -Whether I would recommend this game to the general masses I am still on the fence about. Typically, for cheaper games, I'm not as concerned about voting ""yes"", because if it's not quite to someone's palate it's not a major loss, This game is pricey, however, and knowing that I would recommend it to some of my personal friends, and not others, makes it more difficult to generalize an opinion.With that said, I am changing my vote to ""Yes, I would recommend.""The determining factors are thus:a) The Devs changed the progression model so everything is unlocked now when you purchase the game (you don't need to torture yourself trying to complete the campaign and level up).  I miss this concept so much from the good 'ole days. Pay money, obtain product, no gates.  Beautiful.b) The attention to detail and effort the Devs have put in is actually quite remarkable.  The ""Mouse-Aim"" mode to make this game more approachable without a Joystick.  Physics tweaks. Even down to immersive sound effects. There is nothing I can say that will give you a clear picture of how good this game feels, due to all the polish.c) Business Model.  We're so accustomed to the ""Freemium"" style of games, or subscription based. So seeing a game where each expansion is $60 is a hard pill to swallow.  But it makes sense when you consider this product isn't made for ""bulk"" sales, and doesn't have monthly subscription costs to maintain development.d) Combat aside, just fly around.  It's wonderful!  It takes some getting used to, and if I already wasn't familiar with this style from when I was a kid I can imagine it being incredibly frustrating.When you pull too hard you can hear and feel the turbulence off your wings.  You can feel when your tail is about to stall.  It's more of an art than a science. Even trying to train yourself to go easy on the rudder to prevent crazy jerking, but then mastering how to *use* it instead of *fight* it.The Combat, however, especially on more realistic difficulties, is just a nightmare I'm still trying to figure out.  Just resign that you're not going to hit a thing, and you will immediately be out of ammo. (play quick match with custom settings to have unlimited ammo for training).e) Joystick is a huge plus.  I purchased the Thrustmaster T16000M and it was like night and day for the feel of the game.  In the end, it's a simulator.  It's about the ""feels"". But not a necessity.and most importantly...f) The community -- So incredibly helpful, supportive, and rewarding.So here is what I would recommend for the general user:1) Play World of Warplanes for free.  This is the most arcade flight game you will find. Play it until you are in Tier IV, maybe V.  Just to get familiar with basic flying maneuvers and combat.2) Play War Thunder for free.  Start off with arcade, but then go to ""Realistic"" (not Simulation, which is harder).  ""Realistic"" War Thunder is kinda similar to ""Normal"" campaign settings in IL-2 Campaign mode.  Hud indicators for enemies, but not a lot of hand holding.3) If you are finding that you enjoy ""Realistic"" mode in War Thunder as much, or more than the arcade feel of World of Warplanes, then DEFINITELY consider buying IL-2.  It's like War Thunder ""Realistic"" mode with a bucket of polish.  Added in with the benefit of single-player, and being able to turn on more ""easy-mode"" options if you just want to goof around.The exception to the above statement is if you prefer to play multiplayer games, I think the multiplayer is a smaller playerbase in IL-2, and they tend to play on Simulation difficulty servers. I also am not sure how the Moscow and Kuban expansions will impact you (if that restricts the servers you can join).  So if that's a bit too hardcore for you, then sticking with WoWP and War Thunder might be your best bet.  But if Single-Player is your thing, then IL-2 is a strong candidate!==================================This game is not for casual players, certainly.  I consider myself to be somewhere halfway between Casual and Hardcore in terms of simulators.  Enough that I'll watch 45 minute videos of how to start a plane in complete simulator mode, even if I only play under more casual conditions.However, even with the settings turned as ""Arcade"" as possible, the game is still pretty brutal.  Even in ""Quick Match"" where you can completely customize the options (including physics), the game just feels so clunky.  Both with MouseAim and using my Joystick.Granted, it's probably very true to life.  If you want a super hardcore simulator, you've found it!However, if you:-Want something casual at all-Want a game to relax to-Want to relive the awesomesauce that was the original IL-2 Sturmovik back in 2001 where you could turn the cockpit view off, and play in a completely Arcade Funzone ArenaThen this game is *NOT* for you.I fully support the concept though, there's certainly a place for hardcore simulation players, and this game is great at it! I was just hoping for something closer to a Single-Player version of ""War Thunder""/""World of Warplanes"". Granted, I certainly didn't expect that extreme of cartoon-mode, but I thought I'd be able to enjoy some action with all the ""cheat"" options (Unlimited Ammo, Invulnerability, etc.) like I used to as a kid in the original game.  But even then, it can feel like trying to pilot a washing machine; and yes, I can do it, but it feels more like work than a game to relax to.For the insane price tag, definitely not worth it."
,Recommended,307960,24348038,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Krupinski,"I've played almost every flight sim out there today, and IL-2 is definitely one of my favorites. It's the only one I keep coming back to and have as much fun as I did the first day.While this game is more focused on combat rather than clickable cockpits and other micro management things, I think the flight models, and ""sense of flight"" you get while flying more than make up for some of the things you wish it had. The aircraft feel as if they have weight, and react as if you're actually flying through air. IMO a lot of sims don't design their ""atmosphere"" very well, and because of that it feels like you're flying in a vacuum, not so in IL2.As many of you know, flight sims aren't generally known for having the absolute best graphics out there, but for a sim... the graphics in IL2 are pretty damn good, and I think they've set some sort of precedent with their Kuban map. If you haven't seen the Kuban map just do a quick search on YouTube and you'll know exactly what I mean. All three of the maps, Stalingrad, Moscow, and Kuban are available to anybody in Multiplayer, no matter which version of the game you own.There was a time when you could barely play this game if you had anything less than a GTX 970 and a good processor, even then your frame rates would probably be in the dump. Since then, the devs have made significant optimizations, or graphical improvements in almost every update, even venturing into VR. Nowadays you could probably run this game on a potato and still get 60fps.That's one of the best features of this game IMO, the fact that the devs are always trying to improve the game and listen to their players even while they work on new content. Some devs will leave you in the dark until a new update is released, but these guys post a dev blog every week to show their progress... communication is key to a successful title. Anybody else hyped for the Battle of Midway expansion? ;)Anyways, I could keep going on and on, but I'll stop here for now. I hope this was helpful to somebody out there!"
,Recommended,307960,29434426,Posted: 22 January,all,Snaxx,"Some of the best combat fight simming available today, and the easiest to hop into!"
76561198046431799,Recommended,307960,31189497,Posted: 16 April,all,Dunfielder,So far the best ww2 flight combat sim I've ever played. Taxing on CPU so make sure you have a good one for best performance. As of latest patch 2.009c it is AWESOME!!. Realistic flight model and beautiful graphics. Dust off your joysticks fellow old timers. Everyone else do yourself a favour get a joystick or hotas and check this bad boy out. Have a load of your buddies flying in a bomber together or make a squadron with some friends. Be a lone wolf a hunt all by your lonesome. No matter how you play it's great. Now they also have VR for those interested and apparently it's really good. If you have never tried a flight sim what are you waiting for? Get Battle of Stalingrad and start dropping 109s or yaks your choice and see where it goes from there. Bet you'll end up wanting more and not in a bad way!
76561198120929794,Recommended,307960,27753762,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ShadowReaper501,The scenary itself is why this game is glorious to fly
,Not Recommended,307960,23933950,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Cotoi,"- there is not tutorial to speak of,- you need a secund account aside the steam, because game on steam are pirate for sure,- in game physics are a joke, breaking works but is not liniar nor consistent specialy during taxi- to this very day you still can't have a setting for every plane,- again to this very day the planes are at Flaming Clifs like aka get your hands OFF cockpit; you need to assign keys for anything,- map design is the worst I ever seen in a fly GAME EVER. I am not joking from WT, WoP, Falcon4 + mod, 1946, CoD, RoF, DCS... any of these games sims or not have better maps then BoS. Yea graphics is good, but I never EVER seen a map so booring, so empty of life so empty of landmarks that you can actualy feel your brain dying during your mission, not to mention that you have no idea where the you are on the map. Take any pilot with more then 10h am make him land on Batumi without a map and the fail rate will be under 1%. here everything looks and feels the same. In fact they went so far that they included mountains and sea on Kuban map feature like is f...ing discovery to include big landmarks on the map to help with navigarion.- you can start the plane by yourself but since you don't get to move things in to the cockpit you will punish yourself for nothing... is like they don't really want you to do it.- in plane writing is in russian, at least for russian planes, and some may consider this to be realistic, but let me remind you that even on captured planes or planes used by other nations, pilots would have stickers with labels, so they should add that also .- some say the fly models are good but it is so much worse then IL2-CoD... in fact fly models are really close to the WT (somewhere between HP and Sim), you don't have the feeling that you produce drag when you manuver like you have in IL2-CoD, RoF or DCS. Who ever tells you that FM are good, clearly never played a good fly sim.- not all axes produce a result in the hud. Why do I need to know that throttle is at 50% but I can't live without breakes is anybody's guess at this point- you can't always test axis assigned in the key bindings page. Yes the axe will work just fine in the game but when you want to test it before exit is a matter of luck.- the game crashes when I try to configure my plane in the campaign.. not every time but still 4/19 tries is really bad for a game this old... more then 25%.- campaign is a pure g.....bage. is like the devil himself put that garbage in to frustrate you to no end, with bugs, random mission so you can't never know what to expect nor replay a specific mission. You waste 1h to fly a piece of s....t sim, just to kill 1 plane, and if you don't your team will so it's just waste time to stay alive. No context, no dynamic missions, no immersion, no nothing of any value what so ever.- the game made other media software like VLC to crush.- mission ediotor is really bad, in fact it is so bad that makes Il2-CoD's editol look like next gen. Someone really believed that is a great Idea that instead of just selecting a map, you should select the map, select the GUI for thet map, selet a date (because if I just select June the game believes it is winter), then go and Import all the objects in to the map. So you need just 4-5 min of ME tweeking just so you can start making that god damn mission.- last but not least, that attitude. You buy most of their products, they still have a job because ppl like you support them, but they treat you like that if you dare to be critic about the game. I bet you anything that they would ban you for any form criticism, but they know they can't pull another ""Digital Suicide"" and not have the same end. Great job gmax46 by the way someone who has 4h in to the game come here to insult. Nice.On the good side,- mod support (in the next pach)- Tacview support (in the next pach)- VR support- if you get the game on the website you don't have to unlock things- there is just one version of the game so you can by the game on steam and DLC from website- there is good graphics,- sounds are good, not sure if CoD lv or not, but good- some hidden lv editor that is not visible in the main menu/submenus, I guess we should be thankfull for that at least.I got deluxe edition at 50% and I am realy sorry. Every single cent was a waste. 1946, CloD, RoF, DCS, F.BMS, take your pick, anything will be better then this. I am sorry to see developers want to turn this game in to a payed version of WT but mantaining the ""sim"" tag while doing that; it is not going to work guys, it will not be a good arcade, nor a good sim.1 year later since my first contact with the game my reaction is wow... just wow. Such a bad over all experience, I din't have any particular major issues anymore, is  just wow. from key binding, taxi, flying... everything is so bad even when it works. I flew 4 sims plus WT sim , I have everything I need to fly and more, but nothing helps here, knoledge, previous experience, equipment ... nothing can make this a good experience. I wanted to try it again because they said something about TacView support, mod support, some pacific DLC's. I don't mind supporting the game but I want to see some improvements not just one map and 5-6 planes at the price of a new game.It is hard for me to recommend this game to anyone at this point. If you are a new pilot DO START WITH CoD, Falcon BMS, RoF and DCS. If you are an old pilot this can be something fresh but for a very very short time, and you don't need anyone to recommend it to you at this point."
76561198063227879,Recommended,307960,22421635,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,BigBadWulf1977,"Got this just for a distraction from DCS :) In terms of visuals, sounds and the overall feeling of chucking tons of sheetmetal around in the air, this is quite a remarkable sim! It's spectacular to fly, yet certainly has some quirks.For starters, there's hardly any content. It must have been a lot of work to develop this sim to the point it is today, but while flying the campaign, you get the feeling that there's nothing much going on around you. While trying to fly online, hardly any of the servers have anyone playing, and there's no way to find out what the settings are.For something so well done so far, it could stand a *lot* of improvement simply by tweaking the campaign engine to include more action going on around you, to give the impression of being involved in an actual war... Instead the campaign environment feels rather desolate. It looks amazing, though.So far so good, but still a way to go. Let's say... 3/5. Still recommended, but don't expect too much just yet.EDIT: I bought this on a half-price sale, so it was a pretty good deal, the two DLC aircraft are very expensive though..."
76561198257884237,Recommended,307960,32213003,Posted: 5 June,all,winglesschip209,hope they make it easyer to land and take off other than that the graphics are on point and the explosions. I changed my mind on the review i was just upset on how hard it was to land but i shouldnt give a bad review on that only over all the game is great like i sead befor the graphics are top notch and this is one of the best flight games out
,Recommended,307960,28865115,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[Buckles],"This is really really good. A great sequel to the venerable Il-2 series. It's like playing the original, only in HD with the great Rise of Flight engine & graphics. It also features an awesome streamlined campaign with short missions (finally!). Totally makes up for the botched CloD release.My TrackIR messes up a bit more than I'd like but I'm having a lot of fun and $25 for the Junkers transport plane seems worth it. Can't wait to drop some paratroopers!But seriously, short missions, worth its weight in gold. I've been waiting YEARS to see ""press x to warp to next action point"" in a combat flight sim again."
76561198035501765,Recommended,307960,29114424,Posted: 8 January,all,bojevnik,Best ww2 flying simulator your money can buy...
,Recommended,307960,30842081,Posted: 30 March,all,The council of Squidward,"its realy detailed , worth the money ,realistic, fun though it takes time to learn the controles."
76561198124491148,Recommended,307960,28230391,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Mr.Goodbytes (topgearuk98),"A very graphically stunning game, and a helluva a lot of fun. Quite a lot of room for improvement, but the developers are faithful and still update frequently. Realistic, and gives you a real sensation of flight. Obviously, nothing comes close to the real deal, but for a PC game, it's pretty damn good! Takes a while to learn how to aim and properly dogfight, but it's extremely satisfying once you're able to."
76561197971692751,Recommended,307960,25433339,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Delle(DK),"Really beautifull flight simulator with tons of cool features such as airplane parts falling off and damage to your own plane when flying it way to hard.All in all you properbly only read this if you already know some of the other il-2 games so i will not write much. By the way you can also adjust your engines and trim the airplane and much more, so the game is really detailed... and you can in multiplayer also drive tanks. ;-)- The only negative thing i could come up with is that is just like il-2 and other games in the series have the same terrible keyboard shortcuts.. They should really make the use the standard keys like all other simulator games use instead of inventing their own system."
76561198045597039,Recommended,307960,17551298,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,5/ZG 1_wtornado,"Great game and great flight models.The graphics of the game are way up there.I have a Logictech extreme 3D (I have a Microsoft FF2 stick but Windows abandonedthe support in Win 7).The Logictech works extremely well and is fully supported byLogitech with all drivers and programs.I also have a CH flight controller that worksvery well with easy input functions and  I also have a  Tracker IR 5 Pro.UPDATE on the controllers with BOS there was no controller problems but since the introduction of BOM and new patches the controllers sadly lose their configuation.Graphics as good as ARMA 3 if not better.Complex mission builder for me is a down side if you compare it to ARMA 3 's mission editorit is very complex to give you an idea.The old IL-2 1946 Full mission Builder was a pieceof cake compared to the new BOS mission editor.Multiplayer in my opinion needs a lot of work and I hope it gets better.When the playersthat join exceed 3000 miles the lag gets so high you do not see them coming one minuteyou are flying the next minute you are falling from the sky.There is NO true co-op mod likethe old IL-2 series or ARMA 3co-op mission playing.Single player missions that are made by some very tanlented missions builders run smoothwith zero lag or stuttering.And I stress it again ZERO lag,frame freeze or stuttering.I use ARMA 3 as a reference because I know 100' of thousands of people play it with7-8000 servers running at any given time.You can't just go to the multiplayer section of ARMA 3 click on ''new''  like in ARMA 3in their server section and type in your server name and the password and just clickstart in seconds.So it is a good game but has a way to go."
76561198256712731,Recommended,307960,18957894,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Quinefine_Official,"Umm fantastic game, but I would cry my eyes out (tears of joy) if the team added the Battle of Britan, and The battle of the Pacific"
,Recommended,307960,28844753,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[A-53] BenWatki,"Best WWII Flight/Combat sim out there, amazing graphics, great gameplay, expantions are amazing wouldnt pay full price for them though but sure has hell worth it 10/10"
,Recommended,307960,32920645,Posted: 28 June,all,ArmitageShanks,"Enjoying this in VR - it just feels right! There are still a few bugs though (weird head dragging effect sometimes which is annoying and requires a restart of the mission to fix), but they're minor. It's damn difficult though, and the IL-2 itself is near impossible to keep in the air (expect frequent stalls and spins), let alone engage in a dogfight.Fantastic!"
,Recommended,307960,28951343,Posted: 2 January,all,Reaperz,"Very fluid game, would recommend 10/10"
76561198356927762,Recommended,307960,28997803,Posted: 3 January,all,RufusPompeii,"~HOW TO GET THE MOST FROM BATTLE OF STALINGRAD~-You need a JOYSTICK. Assign ELEVATOR and STABILIZER trims to the vertical axis of the hat switch. Assign ROLL trim to the horizontal axis of the hat switch. Use the hat switch with your thumb to stabilize your airplane in flight.-Adjust the response curve of your joystick in the KEY MAPPING options. There will be an option for all 3 axis of your joystick, ROLL, PITCH, and YAW.  Move the SENSITIVITY slider to between 75% - 90%. If your control response is still too sensitive increase the slider. Decrease the slider if the control response is sluggish.-Developers did not include anything like what most gamers would call a 'Campaign' or 'Story Mode'. BOS has a template for the community to create new scripted campaigns. The game is basically unplayable as a single player without installing some additional campaigns. These are available for free to download at the official forums:https://forum.il2sturmovik.com/"
,Recommended,307960,30255767,Posted: 28 February,all,Ickie•°,"Thought id unplug the Warthog_Throttle and Try again with Xbox360 usb controller,Great decision!I can Fly!...I can Fly I can Fly...Who put that tree there!?...Shame later maybe once ive grasped this and appreciated this game really for what it is(now that i can)i may return  and use the Warthog."
,Recommended,307960,15206622,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Xvixx (Andy),"I think its overpriced and not done yet, it has potential."
76561198057009451,Recommended,307960,16788517,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,skydeifi,"In my opinion this simulation perfectly combines realism and gameplay. If you are new to the genre, you can activate a lot of little helpers that will make sure that you're able to slowly grow into serious combat flight simulations. The immersion during dogfights is intense! The level of detail the developers put into this simulation is incredible. You have to remember that it's a rather small team, so things need their time. Many rather mixed reviews were posted in the past. Especially when the game was just released last year. But a lot has changed in the last months and great updates are announced for the next months, including new summer and autumn maps of the Stalingrad area and so on. Battle of Stalingrad is still growing. The strong community around it is another plus. Just look at what enthusiasts achieved for the original Il2 series and later the people of Team Fusion for Il2 Cliffs of Dover! Il2 Battle of Stalingrad is worth every cent!"
76561198017518091,Recommended,307960,18734048,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Duke McRed-Bull,"I think the sim is worth it. Beware that you really need a joystick in order to get enjoyment out of the game.Sim gaming is a incredibly niche market and thus there arn't that many good games out there. IL-2 Battle of Stalingrad is a good product, so I think the developers deserve a bit of love.The devs just released summer and autumn maps to go along with the winter map. They also extended the single player campaign with an extra part for free, which is awesome.As a very average pilot I'm having a lot of fun flying and learning the planes online and singleplayer.Cons: It uses DirectX9 which makes the performance of the game less than it would be with DirectX11."
,Recommended,307960,16904401,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,G_Slayer,Very good. Highly recommend. I have been into the iL2 series since the beginning. This one is the most immersive yet.
76561198026838434,Recommended,307960,13854311,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Minion 7,"This game ( on a windows 8 computer) was very smooth and nice looking on the ""Ultra"" settings to enhance the graphics. The one problem is the DLC. The two planes are worth it , but are way too expensive. For example most video game DLC, on steam, Are never usally go ove the 10 dollar mark. If you get this game and the DLC planes which i recommend , but when the prices drops or on a sell like i did , you sould find a nice, fairly priced joystick to play the game because the planes are hard to handle and fly with WSAD or The arrows and with these keyboard controlls , when playing it was way easier to stall and crash the planes. So far there are a nice amount of planes with two versions of the Messerschmit BF 109 , which is nice , but this amount of planes in nothing compaired to the ammount of planes in Il-2 Sturmovic 1946 Which had  different versions from the years of the war of all the planes in Il-2 Sturmovic Battle of Stalingrade.  If you have the time or money and you are a fan of air combat this game is for you , but be warned . The three maps in the game are all winter maps and they all look the same ( with trees snow open areas and small villages)."
,Recommended,307960,20890547,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Ohjayway,WT eat your heart out !
76561198079414585,Recommended,307960,15496139,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,LtStaffel,"What can I say?  I have enjoyed everything put out by these guys, RoF, the earlier IL-2, and now this.  This simulator is not for War Thunder arcade pilots, this is as hard as real life in my opinion... Not that I've actually flown any of these planes or anything...  Anyways the only complaint I can bring against this is that I wouldn't recommend it for lower end systems, other than that, great ""game""!  (It's a simulator)"
76561198044143347,Recommended,307960,25646466,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Sturzkampfflugzeug,Highly Recommend.
,Recommended,307960,26243303,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,mrtagnan,10/10 would shoot down enemy and then crash into tree and crash land right next to him..... Again
76561198019906979,Recommended,307960,18051017,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Brasky,"Good flight models and excellent graphics. The single player campaign is not too amazing as it is basically just five possible mission types with no ability to create a pilot/career in the traditional sense. However, the campaign can still be fun and I find it quite relaxing. Multiplayer is also enjoyable. Although as an American I tend to have to fly on Saturday and Sunday mornings to get enough people, as there are not many people playing in the evening in the US/central time zone. However the European time zone seems to get plenty of players.Overall, it is fun to tool around in the WW2 planes with a realistic flight model in a nice looking environnent. I am satisified with my purchase and plan to purchase Battle of Moscow at some point in the future."
76561198015801352,Recommended,307960,17043179,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,xarts19,True spiritual successor to the IL-2 Sturmovik: 1946.
76561197972111955,Recommended,307960,16783086,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Hawkeye,"An excellent new flight sim from the team that brought you Rise of Flight. Being an actual pilot myself I can personally endorse the game's flight model in accuracy and feel. The airplanes all feel great with realistic properties of weight to power and engine management. At first I was skeptical that their were so few planes and that new ones are $19.99, but so much effort goes into them and they're all so characteristic that I didn't find this to be nearly as big as problem as I thought would be.The much maligned unlock system is in my opionion one of the best features of the game. Giving the sim and campaign a structure previously unheard of these games. Their is a reason to push and work for rewards in the game and the way it's handled is tasteful and contextual to the conflict rather than childish as some people are claiming.A strong return to form for the IL-2 series and simultaneously a smashing sequel to the amazing Rise of Flight. I strongly recommend this sim to those with an open mind an interest in seeing the genre taken in a new direction. I eagerly await Battle of Moscow."
76561197965140645,Recommended,307960,16433041,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Diligent Gravy,"Acurate flight sim as far as I can tell :) like the planes, acurately depict the battle as it was in 1942. Be nice when BoM adds to the collection of available planes to be used"
76561198009621489,Not Recommended,307960,18022270,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Keith Dad,"Ok, Lets get something straight, i have been from the very start a great fan of the Il2 series,some more than others, but this release of  a poor clone of all the above, i have found extremely disappointing, my PC is of a standard that it has no difficulty running very complex and demanding sims and yet this one is the only one (excluding cliffs of dover, early release) that can damn well nearly stop my machine in it's tracks, with stutters, lag, pops, cracks, and sound distortion, to name a few, after spending hours trying different settings to no avail, can't even get a refund as i spent too long trying to get it to work properly.  Thats just to start with.The game itself, and i won't call it a sim, because it isn't, is at best, boring and repetitive in single player campaign mode, take off (if you can tolerate the lag) fly to the same target( Train'artilllery,airfield) get attacked by the same two enemy aircraft. Live, or die. And thats it. Exciting Eh?This is without doubt, the worst of all the Il2 releases to date and makes me seriously consider if i would be willing to part with cash for future releases. i for one will not be investing my money.But don't let me put you off, if you want it, buy it, You WILL be disappointed."
76561198074725410,Recommended,307960,23101579,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Geordie,"A must for all avid aviators imo, learn and enjoy."
76561198047849581,Recommended,307960,12465259,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,AHappyPwnda,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING COOOOOL
,Recommended,307960,14106703,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,DDOGJENKINZ,Its like il-2 sturmovik 1946 on ♥♥♥♥ing crack. I love this game. Its so expensive but Its worth it.
,Recommended,307960,14097634,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,redbaron918,love thw game and the seires but i disslike the unlocks other tant that worth the money
76561198049944382,Recommended,307960,13595039,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,gunnernacho,"if you are somebody who likes realism in games like me, this is the closest you will get at the moment. from turning the plane on to landing it, it will feel like you are participating in the battle of stalingrad. the physics are great, the damage model is incredibly detailed and the flight models are just wonderfull.there are some things that need some work tough:-you need to play singleplayer to unlock upgrades for your planes, i feel like you should be able to pick all the upgrades for your planes from the moment you buy the game in the first place instead of grinding trough waves of enemies.-the player base is rather small, if you come online in the right time 2 servers might be pretty full but thats all.-there are bareley any options for configuring your graphics naking it very hard to optimize for your computer.other than these point i would gladly reccomend the game to anyone who is looking for a combat flight simulator game.Hopefully see you soon pilot!"
76561198113626242,Recommended,307960,19280423,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,IMP429,Its a great game when I first bought it didnt have much content because it was in alpha it has become alot better with the updates with the new campaign fixing bugs and more just love this ww2 plane sim! And the game and planes look beautiful and is really a fun game.
76561198183611253,Recommended,307960,17562893,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,4./JG52_Jordi,"Overall a fantastic flight simulator, excellent action and graphics and hard to fly (and land!) in expert mode.I only miss external views and pad lock in expert mode,"
76561198054540582,Recommended,307960,18041490,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Jon Snow,"If you are an offline player like myself, you will be left wanting more from the campaign.The game incorporates some very familiar elements from 777 and 1C.However it is a shame that the cockpit is not clickable, which is fine for ROF but in more complex aircraft, I was hoping for a IL2 ClOD situation.The campaign is not your classic campaign, I would say that it is almost the bare minimum. You are not part of a squadron, you do not fly consecutive missions which have a feeling of progression like in IL2 1946. basically you click an airfield like in ROF and choose a mission. Every time.....no airfield transfers, no front movements in the chapter, you can even switch sides every mission, there is also no time progression.For each mission you get XP. Expert mode gets you more XP, as well as safely landing your aircraft. With morexp come more unlocks, which don't actually hinder the game, and don't really keep you from enjoying the game if you don't have them.When you get enough XP, the next chapter simply becomes available. There is is still a lot of work to be done here because honestly in reference to ROF, this campaign is not even beta, it is sub par.That being said the game is IN development. The campaign system IS being addressed and I am very excited for the announced upcoming updates. Maybe when the game has a more stable and finished overall environment developed Desastersoft could pick it up, who knows. The thing is the Devs are really working hard on making this game up to their own personal standards (despite various financing problems and the fact that this isn't a very sim firendly market)The game is a good successor to IL2 1946. It just needs polishing, but IL2 1946 WAS a much simpler game, where you could add new planes in a months time. This is not possible with the level of detail in BOS.The map is huge and wonderful. Cockpits and planes look fantastic. The gun effects, explosions, lighting it is all very next gen. It is a huuuuge improvement and a great leap forward.Even though I am honestly not entirely satisfied, I would 10/10 recommend this game. It's going places, and if you want to fly the IL2 or other iconic Soviet aircraft, then this is the way to go, for me not even IL2 1946 is a worthy substitute."
,Recommended,307960,18639569,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ryanc42,It looks great though the campaign can be boring.
76561197996508522,Recommended,307960,18105166,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Velemer,"This is game is great when it comes to flight and damage models, the depth of aircraft simulation is adequate, especially compared to War Thunder and older IL-2 games. There is that feeling that you are really flying in an aircraft. However there are some problems, offline campaign is pretty much non-existent, it is more like a random mission generator, so playing it becomes boring very fast. And if you don't have the premium version of the game you will have to play it to unlock the different modifications for the aircrafts, even if you want to use them in quick flight mode or online. This is probably the biggest minus of IL-2 BoS. Other problems also exist, for example the clouds in the game are never multilayered, they are always on the same altitude.In general i would still recommend IL-2 BoS to anyone who is interested in flight sims, the game is not ideal, but there is enough positive things to make it worth buying."
76561198053301750,Recommended,307960,33059653,Posted: 30 June,all,ϟϟ jolttt☠ ︻デ┳═ー.,"WT and this are the best flight sims (ww2 +) ive played , i fing love this shzz , i use a thrustmaster hotas t.160000fcs + throttle atm and im adoring this♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198121689887,Recommended,307960,31092408,Posted: 12 April,all,twandepan,its so much fun to play but the problem is.....the game updated and wont run anymore. is this a bug? is anyone else having this? ity isnt my pc normaly it runs max at 100 fps
,Recommended,307960,19377616,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,JMoney,"This is the best flight sim out there, and now a competitor for War Thunder. I have 700+ hours on War Thunder and I am switching over to this game. It's amazing"
76561198056826386,Recommended,307960,23969014,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Savage_Angel,"I'm a huge fan of the IL series and this game is no different. If you enjoy WW2 flight sims, then this is a must have."
,Recommended,307960,13965054,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Reyes,10/10 Will play again.
76561197992156561,Recommended,307960,17167366,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Souls,"Why this is not a prefect simulation it does have enough good things that I will recommend it.Things I like about it.The flight models are done quite well.  It is a good challenge to fly some of these planes especially a couple of the German ones.  Take offs and landings are not a given,   Each plane fly's differently and are greatly effected by load-out and weight.   The damage model is diverse and can be quite epic at times.  Bomb and gun ballistics seemed accurate.The campaigns are open and that it lets you choose either side.  You can also fly any plane and do any type of mission you want.  You advance the campaigns by completing missions regardless of which side you play or which plane you fly.   As you complete missions you earn upgrades for the aircraft you fly and unlock more airbases to launch from.  I found myself flying planes I would not normally fly because I enjoyed earning the upgrades for them.    The missions let you start in the air close to the objective or can earn more points and do a full mission which includes take off and landing.   It does have a time accel feature but it is 2X only.The ability to play as gunner and bombardier is cool.Quick Mission setups and single missions are availableThe abiltiy to record and replay missions is another nice feature.Things I DislikedThe missions are always the same way-points.  Takeoff, Entry point, Action point, Exit point, Landing.  You can not add or edit any of the way-points.  No mission planning beyond your planes load-out.The friendly AI kind of sucks.  While not totally useless they crash way too much and have trouble keeping up.Non clickable cockpits.Weather effects are kind of bland and the constant winter environment gets old.In summary  IL-2 Sturmovik: Battle of Stalingrad is not my all time favorite but it us good enough to recommend to others who enjoy accurate flight simulations like myself."
76561198037599872,Recommended,307960,17335924,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,hooker with a moustache,"brilliant, awe inspiring detail, great fun with flight stick"
76561198062088206,Recommended,307960,17360872,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Burger fuck,"This is a good flight sim lot's of missions. Runs at 60 FPS Realistic flight models good options and a nice feeling UI, but this simulator needs more maps and aircraft, also the two premium aircraft 14 pounds each are not worth it they should be free and they should come with the game. I do not recommend this game if you want a game like warthunder. Only buy If you want to play a realistic well made flight sim that you can put many hours into. I would give it a 8.5/10"
,Recommended,307960,26928868,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wiggles,This game is worth it but I don't have joy stick so I may not play it I would deffiently play it if i had keyboard
76561198007258637,Recommended,307960,14739104,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,DR GOO,"Was a bit sceptical, took the plunge, jumped into it and I gotta say, this is one hell of a great game. It can only get better, very sleek, very professional, great music, graphics, UI, flight physics, I don't think there's really anything bad to say about this game. Get it while it's half price, you won't regret it. I certainly didn't, and...great community.Fly safe,"
76561197987601442,Not Recommended,307960,14747054,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Shvak,"I really want to like the product. I bought it on early release. The unlock system smacks of F2P but you bought the planes. If you buy the delux version they allow you to skip the unlock grind. While great attention to detail was given to RoF the 777 have dropped the ball on this one. With Battle over Moscow or BoM about to be released as a seperate but mergable product the entire project appears to be a very greedy money grab, How can anyone recommend a project hardly anyone is flying. You are confind to a single snow cover map. The single player campaign is a joke... You take off kill an onjective and land. There is no sense of immersion at all. The missions are randomly generated.I know there are hardcore fanatics who love this game... But this is not IL2 1946 killer.Honestly try War Thunder, its free and offers you way more planes."
,Recommended,307960,24894289,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,LeChuck,A very good flight sim that continues the IL-2 legacy. Recommended despite some quirks with the unlock system.
76561198157529158,Recommended,307960,24731993,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,S. Compton,Well i love this game and i am suprised at how it works.if you have an i5 and a intel intagrated graphics no problem it runs fine and still looks buety full
76561198063103642,Recommended,307960,33473330,Posted: 12 July,all,justtanks,"I would give this game a recommended with some reservations,I would love to play this game. I own it, but the interface is really clunky and doesn't seem to work with many peripheral controls. All the plane does is roll into the ground or the plane breaks apart with any movement other than flat flight. The initial controls start out spotty at best and quickly get worse until the plane just spirals out of control.I bought both BoS and BoM. What I have been able to see has been very cool and the level of detail is fantastic. I don't know why my experience has been what it is, but a lot of people play this and it seems really excellent. I would still recommend the game but i have to say I think it might be a gamble for anyone who isn't already set up for other flight sims."
76561198076455296,Recommended,307960,28811569,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Andrewgwolf,"needs a flight tutorial..can get extremely annoying spending so much time not breaking my prop on the runway 4 out of  5 times..and on the 5th crashing while landing, to start the whole damn thing over..and why do I need to tell it 2 or 3 times to start?...but making those kills keeps me coming back for more...like a bet dog."
76561198050655247,Recommended,307960,28769049,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Narciso,"Stop looking at the reviews, just buy it!"
,Recommended,307960,28514245,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,demo,"IL-2 Sturmovik B.O.S is a worthy successor to IL-2 Sturmovik 1946.It looks good, has believable physics and is very detailed.If you like DCS, P3D, FSX or X-Plane then you`ll probably like this.(My only gripe is that the joystick mapping/recognition is seriously messed up and took me many goes to map correctly)Edit:- Updates seem to have cured the mapping problems.Also worth mentioning the VR mode in this game, - it`s GOOD."
76561197976089493,Not Recommended,307960,12628284,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,RoterBallon,"First of: I really like the game. The game itself in MP is great. But right now you HAVE TO play single player campaign ( with every plane ) to get the ""unlocks"" like 4 MGs in A3, gunpods etc. Until you have everything unlocked that you want to have it is basically just grinding alone.If you are not interessted in playing single player do NOT buy BoS at the moment. If you enjoy SP ofc buy it."
76561198073384068,Recommended,307960,34006932,Posted: 3 August,all,dksan89,Porządny symulator :) Dla ogarniętych w temacie do polecenia.
76561198384362062,Recommended,307960,34618209,Posted: 30 August,all,xdxd..Dab.on.the.haters,I've recently picked up this game and I really enjoy it. 10/10
,Recommended,307960,29011545,Posted: 4 January,all,100$poptart,The game has physics like no other. Not for beginners though but if your coming over from warthunder sim this will be the best game for you money in terms of flight sims.
76561198015981146,Recommended,307960,32798739,Posted: 25 June,all,Analconda,"It is a very good game. I am loving it. The flight models are great, the damage models are great, the sounds, the graphics... The only downside of this game is how it is not very intuitive for new players, so it can be very frustrating newbies to learn this game, but I didnt have much of a problem, as I got quite a bit of experience with other sims, such as War Thunder, Il-2 1946, Aces High, etc"
76561198021412946,Recommended,307960,23334040,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Mr.Nikolaev,REAL PLANE SIMULATOR WITH FIGHT!!! OF COURSE you have to buy joyistik and freetack.
76561198040085884,Not Recommended,307960,12941852,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Trounce,"You have to unlock aircraft. I simply do not like that. Damn, it that makes this game feels more like a job then fun to me. I really liked other IL-2 games, but I'm just not finding myself motivated to hit the play button anymore. This is a bit exasperated to me because I really do not like to fly the first aircraft that you get. Get rid of the stupid CoD gimmicks of unlocks. I do present a suggestion to accompany my complaint. Make a sandbox versions... KSP has campaign or everything available in sandbox. That is a really nice model! Until then, time for this old dog to move on to something else."
76561197964034241,Not Recommended,307960,13705235,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Combat Carl,"Overall decent title from 1C. This game for what you pay could be a hell of a lot better.I know free to play games with the same mechanics. I should take a step over to the creator of Heroes and Generals, and tell him that his unlock scheme was totally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥from him.Pros:None - For a developer who's been in the sim business for a long long time, this is by far their worst release. They have severly ""dumbed"" it down for the average gamer. Too bad we already have one of those, and it's called War Thunder.Cons:Many-No Native Oculus Rift support (When the game was demo'd with the DK1 earlier this year)-Pitiful Flight Models. The actual flight characteristics in the air are decent, but on the ground are rubbish.-No Manual mode for engine control and startup.-Unlocks are only obtained in single player grinding, which is HORRIFIC at best. I would be ok with unlocks like this if they were only skins or ways to mark your plane, but instead they're also for weapons, bombs, machine guns, armor, etc. This makes the game unbalanced for the people who don't have hours upon hours of time to spend in Single Player unlocking basic things.-Game requires you log in at the start of each session even for single player, no internet = no play-Servers are shaky at best, you can barely stay connected for more than one round, and the rounds are only 20-40 minutes long which means it's only for those people who want ""quick"" action, and not mission based online play.-Impossible to win in ""Full Realism"" without trackIR or some form of head tracking (be warned)In final, this is not a sim. This is an arcade version of IL2 with some niceities added in for hardcore people. If you're an avid flyer DO NOT BUY. Stick to IL2 1946 or IL2 CLOD, the community is better, there's content still being produced for those by private parties. I wont deny that the game is fun, but for the price you pay it's not worth it's retail tag. This should have been released as a Free 2 Play with an item mall. Instead they charge you $XX and then give you the bare items to play, with the same UNREASONABLE expectations for grinding out unlocks. At least with Heroes and Generals I could goto the item mall instead of wasting my time in the stupid monontenous campaign to get an item that I actually need to use the plane in the first place.DO NOT BUY WASTE OF MONEY.I would have not bought this if it wasn't on the steam sale, and even those prices are too high.For the standard it should be $20, and the Deluxe it should be $25.That's all this game is worth. Don't buy this for $100... You'll wish you hadn't."
76561198038661353,Not Recommended,307960,23440442,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ivomajic34,"As far as the flight model goes this game is perfect, but I'm not satisfied with sounds and effects at all..For example, stuka siren sounds like old Zitroen DS car..it's terrible!I know this is simulation and I love ultra realistic flight sims myself, but flyby sounds are total crap..The effects of bullets hitting airplane are quite fine, but bullets hitting ground are very bad.Ground explosions are all the same (they look a bit of static..).And most important, there are so little missions, and only two campaigns.Campaigns are very borring and only reason that you can play campaign is because you can unlock something, not because  they are exiciting..I hope that some day all of this will be changed because we all want WW2 athmosphere, but there is no ww2 athmosfere in game except in intro..Kind Regards"
76561197971374146,Not Recommended,307960,15689891,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Little Burd,"I had such high hope for this but it has failed to achieve any of them. If you like complex airplane simulators, this is not for you. Even if you like arcade airplane sims, you'd be better off with War Thunder. Don't waste your time or money on this."
,Recommended,307960,13608088,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,No.501_Spectre,"Let me start this off by saying the game is technically finished, but still is adding and completing the game.After signing up on IL2's website, and starting up the game I was immediately hit with a few tiny problems.  One was that I have to reset the game for fullscreen to take affect, and then have to restart it again after the screen resolution was really wack.  Once that was sorted I jumped into a quick mission and was thrown into the good ol' fashioned IL2 experience that veterans love and newbies will be able to grasp like their own genitalia.First thing you'll notice menu wise is that they're very sleek, and easy to use.  Unlike their usual menu's that are rather strange, buggy or just plain dull, this one is a very nice change of pace.  The options are clear, the writing is slick and the essential options are big and easy to see, aswell as functional unlike the previous installment (Cliffs of Dover) where loadouts wouldnt even be selectable for some strange and unknown reason, the game has a lock beside all the modifications letting you know theyre unlockables, and not just given to you.Gameplay wise the game has a ton of options, allowing for an easy 'Normal' or 'Expert' difficulties to be picked making it easy to start the game up for a quick match for those who just want to play, or just to differentiate where begginers and veterans should be starting off at.  Most noteably out of all the gameplay options is the campaign, this is (to my knowledge) the only real flight sim that starts players off with a quick, helpful tutorial that shows players how to work the campaign mission selector and standardized mission plans.  The campaign has a lot of unique features such as stats that can be viewed from the web, and a 'Full Mission' or 'Quick Mission' options that let players choose if they want to start in the air ready to go, or have to take off and land.  Combat is as standard as simulators come, detailed models, realistic flight mechanics, bullet drop, all the basic stuff.   The only complaints I have is that they removed click cockpit and gave us only four planes per faction (five if you wanna dish out some extra coin) that dont offer us the same depth that the planes in Cliffs of Dover did,Visually the game is stunning, beautiful vast open landscapes that are nicely brought to life.  The game really captures the battle as it was fought in the air, and on the ground.  All flight sims are visually stunning in the air, focusing on cloud effects and sun effects ETC....  But Battle of Stalingrad makes an attempt to make you have a bit more of a reason to look down other than trying to bomb the crap out of the place, adding some unique smoke effects that billow out from the town which drew my attention during my long stretches back to base and actually impressed me.  However, the onlu problem I have with the graphics is that there is no way to make custom graphics settings, its just four options; Ultra, High, Balanced, and Low.Overall, the game is definitely worth a buy if you're a veteran of flight sims looking for a new one to add to your library.  I do also recommend that if people are looking at getting into flight sims this is one game that can be easy to start off with, I do HIGHLY RECOMMEND that if you're getting this as your first flight sim that you buy a joystick, or you'll be key mapping for hours.  For veterans I also recommend a Track IR system, it makes the game way more immersive and gives you a tactical edge when in multiplayer.Frankly, the people who dislike this game are people who have played War Thunder and bought this on impulse.  The usual complaints are that the game is not user friendly or that it has not enough playability or plane diversity.  I agree that the dev's made a stupid decision to make DLC planes that are as famous as the FW190 and LA5 so expensive and DLC at all, but the planes we are given all have unique play styles and need lots of practice to even come close to mastering them, and the game is meant to be grueling and difficult as its supposed to be simulating.  The planes we have are all very nice and fun to use and although there arent as many as we would probably like, its a quality over quantity type deal."
76561198106165477,Recommended,307960,13599521,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,crzyhorse,"Awesome. For me, the balance between knob-fiddling realism and the sheer exhiliration of blatting through the sky is perfect. I found this so much easier to get into compared to Cliffs of Dover and Rise of Flight (both of which are stunning in their own way, but which seem more unforgiving). I've enjoyed the progression through the missions as it has helped me get to grips with the planes. You can really feel the love and hours that have gone into this simulation. Well done, developers.10/10 would be shot down again"
76561197984581276,Recommended,307960,13649660,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,42-991-0-70980,"The perfect settingWesterners dream of Spitfires dancing over white cliffs and Mustangs crushing Berlin. There is reason to celebrate this. But history is cold to dreams, and indifferent to sentimentality. History knows that Western Civilization pivoted in the slushy depths of the Volga in 1942. And we all inhabit the world carved out by these inglorious warriors, their blood; long forgotten.1c didn’t forget. And they’ve teamed up with 777 studios to remind another generation of simjocks what the frozen brutality of the Eastern Front was all about.The A TeamCombining the forces behind “IL-2 Sturmovik” with “Rise of Flight” is a dream-come-true and a tough legacy to live up to. Expectations could not be higher.What’s PerfectThe aircraft are expertly modeled and flying them is a pure joy. Individual aircraft showcase historic behaviors.  The atmosphere ignores, aids, or intrudes as it will. Complex flight dynamics will please veterans and challenge newcomers. Battle of Stalingrad may be considered that rarest of things: A Combat Flight Simulator.What’s GoodThe aircraft are meticulously detailed. Remaining more simplistic than “study sims”, BoS showcases enough detail to set it apart from rival ‘combat’ simulations. In-flight engine systems are modeled, yet may be simplified by the player. Engine components and flight surfaces succumb to stress and mismanagement. Everything is dependent on individual aircraft and realism settings.What’s BadWhile beautifully modeled, the plane set is anemic. And there are no (at this time) AI only planes to flesh out the missions. The settings in general have little variety and shoehorn graphics and realism settings together. Single player jocks seem especially misconsidered.The multi-player, depending on geography, may find few populated servers.There are also “unlockable” skins, load outs, and field modifications. While not much of a practical hindrance, this mentality is a poor portent.What’s UglyWhile the “early access” model is new to most gamers, flight jocks are well familiar with games that sell copies with promises of things to come. Battle of Stalingrad well takes advantage of a hard-core base by releasing a game that’s clearly not finished.We all drool at the prospect of Theatres of war to come. And I applaud studios that leave this door open. However, there are plenty of areas where this game lacks basic features. For example, there is no manual. For a game as complex, with a learning curve so steep, this is an obscene omission.Conclusion:Battle of Stalingrad is a gorgeous combat flight simulator with no qualifier. Its pedigree is suburb, even if its execution is flawed. While the game it may become is unclear, the game it is, remains excellent and should be had by every serious simjock.For the new-comer I would recommend only if you’ve a passion for combat simulation. Your orientation will be graciously met by the community, not by the developers, Only passion and hard work will see you through the steep learning curve to frozen glory."
76561198137249466,Recommended,307960,23015941,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Electronic Professional,Because who says no to a game that lets you sit and hover over water after he ejects.
76561198167880694,Recommended,307960,28192226,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,[LB] BorisMcBlyatman,A great game for TrackIR. This has an amzing engine to run relistic damage modles and how they affect you flight.
76561198139756790,Recommended,307960,28102965,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Chocoloco,"Game has come a long way since release. All loadouts are unlocked from the beginning now and they've added a summer map and even an additional summer campaign! Flightmodel's are very good, as are the ai pilots. Just make sure you have a decent joystick. Don't bother to play without. For arcade flying there's better alternatives out there. If you don't have one, I recommend getting a used Sidewinder Ffb 2 for 15-20 bucks. Possibly the most reliable ffb joystick with usb support out there. Also, game looks beautifully stunning and runs with a smooth 60fps+ in 1440p on a 1060. Only unnaturally fast headturns can cause a short single stutter when looking around the cockpit for the first time after loading the map. Downside I see is the pricing but if you're into flight-sims you're used to that. I wish BoM would be a bit cheaper as being sold as DLC here on Steam though. However, all planes from the deluxe version and BoM can be used by the ai even if you don't own them and afaik the bom map is even available to all pilots in mp. MP servers can always be found populated but... dem skillz man... dem skillz."
76561198022277983,Recommended,307960,28131892,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Kingdom,"looks good game  Graphics 10 times better than warthunder. fews things i dont like games seperated from joystick, and mouse keyboard,not everybody can afford a joystick so i find that little unfair, as mouse keyboard were played in sims in 80s way before joysticks were in use.atm very limited planes and battles no pacific north africa all med western front battles as yet. to be contiuned"
76561198075995582,Not Recommended,307960,13584124,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DEVIL 13.th,I personally think they ♥♥♥♥ED UP like no keyboard aleiron / elevator / rudder control like in the 1946?!This♥♥♥♥♥♥is the same as ♥♥♥♥ing War thunder...One does not simply ruin the best flight simulation franchize with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...+ there is no skin sharing auto built in so the camouflages u make go unseen to other pilots unless u upload them somwhere so ALSO OTHERS can use them making it NO SENSE in having a ♥♥♥♥ING PERSONAL SKIN (camouflage)!?GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥IN GEAR AND FIX THIS DEVELOPERS FOR ♥♥♥♥S SAKE!?!?!?!?!IL-2: CLOD with NO team fusion patch is BETTER than this♥♥♥♥♥♥..Sorry 1C but you really disappoinetd me this time... (basically anyone rich enough to get a yoystick is fine but with no yoystick the game is UNPLAYABLE!!!!)
76561198051373564,Recommended,307960,34676459,Posted: 1 September,all,retrimble,No connection to Master Server.  Game has become unplayable even offline
,Recommended,307960,29194578,Posted: 11 January,all,Silent Hastati,"While the DLC policy is a iffy, the sheer quality of each plane makes this worth the price. A superb platform for multiplayer combat that isn't just AirQuake, but actual air combat involving complex damage, flight modeling, engine managment, and the works."
76561197995099712,Not Recommended,307960,35393886,Posted: 1 October,all,art2themax,This game has the most unfriendly multiplayer setup of any other game out there. This game hates online players who purchase the game through steam... Buy it straight from the devs. they demand all the glory.
76561197982496049,Recommended,307960,20374313,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,gravel4tea,"fab game, a must have flight sim, best ever."
76561198297157871,Recommended,307960,28902999,Posted: 1 January,all,TOSTER,"best game , but optimization is suffering greatly"
76561198157268139,Recommended,307960,19904379,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,marousovo,"its good game-no problems,bugs.......also it will be good when 777 studios and 1c game studios will make some new sturmovik battle of france.its no game where are lots of france aircrafts.il 2 sturmovik battle of stalingrad is also better then war thunder because when you are in bomber you can be also in cockpit or turrent.only grass is not good but crshes into the ground are goood-its insane fun.also i did some screenshots and they are looking really great.graphies are super.best in airplane games.i love multiplayer but i can not connect to server which name is WINGS OF LIBETY but i saw there were 50 players in this server so problem is not in the game."
76561198154482175,Recommended,307960,19313325,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,2close4missiles,Good stuff.
,Recommended,307960,17190246,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Pacman's Gran Fury,"What I've used to think about the game:""The gama have good physics and dynamics, nice graphics (albeit it will bring any computer to its knees) and sounds. But don't buy it. Have almost no content and the campaign is nothing really special. Worse, it's way overpriced for what it offers. You're better off with any other IL-2 and DCS game.""It got a little better ever since. It still is a very sparse game but at least the engine isn't so resource hungry. They vastly improved the game engine adding support to 64bit and whatnot. I can safely recommend it now. But given the little amount of content, unless you're a die hard fan of WW2 planes, I'd say to get it on a sale. It's worth at least that much."
,Recommended,307960,19939503,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[RGS]Swag Muffinz,"The menus are SOOOOOOOOOPER laggy, but don't let that get you down. Turn the settings down low and you will get fine FPS. The mouse control is sketchy but fun, full sim is amazing, I gaurantee if you are a fan of the series you will like this game. 4 1/2 STARS"
76561197987260915,Recommended,307960,28317342,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,VVhitesnake,"Hardcore ww2 flight sim, pretty decent ! Need a joystick :) !"
76561198010453082,Recommended,307960,19289057,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Lonestar501,"One of the best (and prettiest) combat flight sims available right now. Not as in depth as DCS or modded Il2 CloD, but well made flight models make it a very satisfying experience. Only negative is the rather shallow campaign with its generic missions.Now with 2-person controlled, drivable tanks as a cherry on top."
,Recommended,307960,34468825,Posted: 24 August,all,crazyeye2k5,"This is a good game, however, my game won't let me play the campaigns and won't dish out xp points so I'm stuck playing only the quick missions and playing online.  I also got Battle of Moscow but still can't play it because none of the missions are unlocking when completing the first four missions successfully.  I have tried emailing support but they keep going round in circles saying please create a new ticket with more screen shots. It only needs two screen shots. One showing the campaign map not unlocking and the other showing no XP points and no flight time.  However, there is a slight bonus to this; I have all weapons and mods already unlocked from the moment I installed the game.   This would be a good game if it worked properly.  Not worth the money if you don't have access to the full game and no point buying the add on and DLCs if the campaigns are not working.  If anyone could help me to get it working, awesome, but at the moment I want my money back I will not be buying anymore of this game. Infact, I'm gonna save my money and buy some more RC planes its miles better than this.  As well, nothing is free in this game. If you want access to more planes then you'll need to buy em. If you want more missions and missions with a story line then you'll have to boy them too. Please, this is not the mentality that we should support so don't spend your money on this game unless you don't care.   I really want my money back STEAM!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,307960,12991417,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Njamr,"Having played previous IL-2 Sturmovik games I can say that I am totally disappointed in my purchase, upon release I was let down and I had hoped they would patch the game to include fresh content over the previous games. as it stands you could go and buy the older games and get a similar level of graphics and gameplay for a quarter of the price, this redevelop is basically a next gen bump up repackage of their existing games with 'multiplayer' that is frankly nothing compared to the free to play game 'Warthunder'"
76561198086868232,Not Recommended,307960,13567923,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Birdynumnum999,"graphical requirements are unrelistic and the game is based around xp ,take ages to unlock anything to use in game,not worth the money"
,Not Recommended,307960,18296541,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Shine,"Battle of Stalingrad is fine if you want to fly around and play team deathmatch online, but if you are expecting campaigns and co-op gameplay along the lines of IL-2: 1946, then you'll be disappointed. Please do not buy this boring tech demo."
76561197981067919,Not Recommended,307960,17011136,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,SkipperDaveE268,"I loaded this up expecting great things, I was pleased with the menu and the system of unlocks - all modern touches that the Flight Simulator genre has been missing. But that was as good as it got for me....Very disappointed with this game, it somehow makes flying a virtual aeroplane more difficult than flying a real one.Unrealistic, frustrating and bitterly disappointing, especially given how brilliant the original IL-2 games were, and even compared to Rise of Flight, which I thoroughly enjoyed.My advice is: don't buy it. If you're a simulation fan the inaccuracies will frustrate you, if you're a casual gamer the excessive difficulty will frustrate you. Either way you lose.:("
,Not Recommended,307960,17079158,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,STOOGEN,"Absolutly beautiful flight simulator, the graphics are phenominal and the flight model is pretty good. The multiplayer is fun, and there are multiplayer planes.What's bad about it? The single player is awful. The ""Campaign"" is just randomized quick missions with no backstory, and everything is unlocked from planes to weapons on a Call of Duty style xp bar grind that you have to grind quick missions for."
76561198029213390,Recommended,307960,16356560,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Peterbullet,I'm illiterate..
76561198023325151,Recommended,307960,17978652,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Chumpy,If You own the original iL-2 Sturmovik and are holding back off buying this for lack of planes.Then i say its worth the $50 cos the flight model in this game is above all elseAny devoted il2 fan will love this SimulationIts not easy though don't expect to be able to take off without a few tries to get your joystick set up propperlyStill using my old Sidewinder Precision Pro that i baught for il2 sturmovik demo back in 2001 :)
76561198111950242,Recommended,307960,14045876,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,BEGINNER,"dislike:1. poor damage level : smoke on place where no holes2. unrealistic huge smoke. after little hits always starts a huge smoke. and allways the same place. this you cannt see on NO real wwII gun camera movie. (in cliffs of dover is this quite real - why they do not copy it??? )3. absolutly precomplicated-timewasting switching between places in plane - gunner positions.4. in plane settings in briefing  is ACCEPT button not needet. setting should be finished by choosing (a click) in options.5. lack off WWII atmosphere, buttons and menu are like windows 8.1....., too modern design6. campaign--- all missions the same. no creativity or realismuslike: 1. music---wonderfull and not long. 2. graphic - glass effects, terrain 3. flyight model (fw finaly real)"
,Recommended,307960,22734152,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SEKRIT DOKUMENT,gg
76561198030755751,Recommended,307960,28301226,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,roadkillohs,"campaign should have stayed the same, you don't have much choice in the matter of gameplay now unless you want to do freeflight. also you don't have the freedoms of choosing your pilot and actually having a career to be proud of. game is beautiful, controls are meh, kills are satisfying, though rare. It is Incredible easy to put yourself in a flat spin, there is no room for error in these flights and i find that incredibly hard to believe. other than that this game is pretty great, if you like cartwheeling towards the earth because you did a five degree turn"
76561198165779967,Recommended,307960,26015200,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,rcaponi,How do I activate the P40 plane that I purchased on the DLC page. It is not activated on my BOS game.
76561198038194340,Recommended,307960,19925402,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Foolski,"If you only play singleplayer then I would search up more about the randomly generated campaigns, if there is one thing this game is missing is immersve campaign missions. There are many single missions but no continuous story. It is no where near as modifiable as previous games. The campaigns are decently long with average variability, the generated missions do get repetitive but the game itself is still fun enough to draw you back.The multiplayer is much more varied and really is where this game shines. You can have a simple dogfight or partake in a long and enduring battle over a massive area with several mission to keep you occupied. Tanks have also made an appearance (for free) and are relatively fun for the small impression they've left so far (early in development at the time of writing).The quality of the simulation aspect is as expected, you will not be disappointed. The only downside is that the cockpit is not fully interactable (like in DCS) but all functions are still usable.With the release of Battle of Moscow the game community has NOT been split, in fact you will own half of BoM by simply owning BoS. Put simply you will be able to fly with and against aircraft from BoM but not fly them yourself.If you want to experience both solo and multiplayer in an immersive and top of the range WWII flight sim, you won't regret your purchase."
76561197977820099,Recommended,307960,19492933,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lizzard,"I've played this series since the first one came out in 2001 or so. Just picked this up this week and so far, I'm still impressed. I don't fall head-over-heels in love with games, but 777 studios and 1C studios has never been a let down!One thing these games have taught me - I absolutely SUCK and combat sims. I will admit though, sucking at flying the planes in this series has never felt so good and been this much fun! (Although sucking at combat sims has, somehow, made me quite good at regular flight sims)Attempt 1 = take off. Line up with my squadron. First one goes fine. Second one goes fine. I go, spin out, drop my landing gear on the runway, break a wing off, bend my plane almost in half and sit there smoking. Next plane goes, runs over my landing gear, tearing their front wheels off, causing them to face-plant into the runway and somersault for several feet.Attempt 2 = Decide to abandon my squadron (for their safety) and taxi to a side taxiway to take off. Engines good. Rudder positioned. Reach takeoff speed and plane barely leaves ground. Struggle with struggling plane, and tear off my left wing off on a tree, whipping me around in circles. Scratch my head, watch replay and realize I never lowered my flaps... DOH!Attempt 3 = Begin airborne since I seem to suffer a major case of suckage at taking off. Misread mission map and fly away from my squadron, and from the checkpoint for about 5 minutes. Fix my mistake and arrive late to the party. Fire at an enemy and damage my teammate. Take 2 rounds from enemy plane and my engine goes up in a cloud of smoke, covering the cockpit in a sticky black oil.I blindly coax my plane along, lowering the throttle and using my map as guidance.Engine kicks the bucket with about 30 miles left to go... yep, screwed. Can't see the ground, can't see anything really. I keep it level, looking out the side of my cockpit and aim for, what looks like an empty field. Landing gear is down and flaps are lowered, so far so good.Slam head-first into a house and explode in a fireball, taking the house out with me.As I said, sucking never felt so good :)"
,Recommended,307960,20689722,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Echo,Good game.I enjoy it.
,Recommended,307960,12733094,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Mitchblack,awesome
,Not Recommended,307960,13677174,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,CielTheKitten™,"Complete waste of money, you can only get 8 planes. My question is why downgrade it like that when IL2 1946 had loads of planes."
76561197970567609,Not Recommended,307960,24383373,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,keninja,"Ok, I really wanted to love this game, but I am really disappointed in the campaign. First off, if doesnt feel like it's telling a story. It feels more like a grind to unlock future missions and equipment. But by far my biggest complaint is the fact that I cant change the difficulty settings in the campain mode besides normal and expert presets. This basically makes the campaign worthless to me becasue of my old joystick and lack of formal pilot training. Please, team at 1C, tell me why you only make games for a niche audience when all you need to do to open it up to a wider audience is to unlock the stupid settings that are already in the game for the quick missions? I understand that this was done for some unknown reason due to multiplayer, but everything I've read tells me the multi crowd hates this as much as I do, albeit for different reasons.So, bottom line, dont buy this game unless you have a state of the art joystick and are REALLY REALLY into flight sims, oh and you have a pilots license, because otherwise it's just not fun AT ALL!!!"
76561197962870573,Not Recommended,307960,24669700,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Shadowfox,"This game looks pretty good, and feels great as a flight sim.But the performance is abysmal.  Completely horrible.  15-30% CPU load with none of the cores close to max, 30-40% GPU load, and it couldn't keep a solid 1080p 60fps.  Constantly frameskips and frame dips into the 40s and even 20s over and over.Never mind my usual 1440p 144fps."
76561198055765798,Not Recommended,307960,20064669,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BoostieRoo,"This game is a shining example of whats wrong with DRM. If you live in a area where you have poor internet connection then you will not be able to play most of this game, you even need to be connected to their servers to play the campaign, which is a joke btw. This game is absolutly not playable with a controller you have to spend more money on Flight sim junk, and it's not forgiving to new players, no tutorial and the ""Normal"" control mode had me stalling out literally seconds after if hands over control. Even with all of the control assists turned on flying with a mouse or xbox controller is wonky and disorientating. This game has hardly any content either, from what I saw in the short time i played the game there are only a handful of planes to fly, 4 fighter planes, 2 bombers, and 2 of something else.A better alternative would be War Thunder, it's free, easy to get started in and a hell of a lot more fun."
,Not Recommended,307960,20984947,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,[SG-X] Radar11x,"Not taking Warthunder into account and just comparing this to IL-2 1946(which i love), all i can say is disappointing.Edit: some people seem to not understand what i ment with this comment so let me make this into a proper ""review"".IL-2 1946 is what i love from the seiries what we have here is focused but lacking in features that its predisesors had as for war thunder i would say that the sim mode in war thunder tho rough in some areas is almost on par with this game and that is not a complement.to close if you love the game more power to you but if you want a more core game then pick up IL-2 1946 the carrer mode in that game was hours of fun."
76561198034430513,Not Recommended,307960,24346074,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Skillz,"I'm not sure what to call it we used to call them flight simulators but there was stuff in it to fly this game is more fascinated by the buttons you push than the planes you to get to fly.   it's a cash grab     I'm not even sure how long I've had this game but I can only stand it for 14 hours I've had thousands of hours  in the real IL- 2 gamesif you only started playing War Thunder and whatever then it might be okno vast collection of planes no Dynamic campaign, I don't even think a lot of the stuff , the 3D model are brand new for this ?there's no Regional battlesbox missionssomething weird with the weather it doesn't go all the way to high altitudethey put out DLC 10 years ago  that had more stuff than this game.every scenario ENDS THE SAME.THEY HAVE UNLOCKS FOR PLANES LIKE COD ! lol sad..NO MODS AND NO SUPPORT"
,Recommended,307960,30252776,Posted: 28 February,all,Jakthund,"I love this game.  Whether I am shooting down National Socialists or International Socialists, I'm killing Socialists, and I am happy."
76561198173228389,Recommended,307960,26088061,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,kipperbeans,All I have to say is it looks good as well as feels good
76561198006465142,Not Recommended,307960,13497188,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Lexeboy,"This game looks amazing! and that's about it, so annoyed that I bought this, I just want to delete the thing now. No means to set up joysticks for the beginner, no helpful hints or anything of the kind. Some how my joystick has gone from working okay to not at all. What a rip off this entire game is"
76561198171507438,Not Recommended,307960,24772189,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Astatic Atom,"If you're going to charge over $50 bucks for the game, at least include a comprehensive tutorial."
76561198002977200,Not Recommended,307960,24800217,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,AlexXx,Loved the old IL2. This game is ****. Wish i could refund
76561198016006639,Not Recommended,307960,25266935,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,BigLew,"It is a beuatiful game, when it runs, it runs well. But unfortunatly it is one of the worst designed games ive ever played. Graphics options are worse than a super early access alpha, so your screwed if you need to fiddle with anything(there are NO options to change graphics! just low medium and high, your average iphone app has more options). Optimisation is non excistent. Still doesnt work with windows 10 and joysticks, the joystick numbers get swapped around each time you restart your pc so you need to rebind everything each time you play! Ive tried everything and there is no easy solution that works for more than a few restarts.Just go play something else and save your money, you might get lucky and have have a great time, but i doubt it"
,Not Recommended,307960,21353235,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The Growlanser,"This game is so poorly optimized I've spent seven hours on it just trying to make it run at a playable condition. Too bad even on low this thing refuses to be playable, maybe is not the low fps (keeps dropping from 50 to 40 to 30 and some times to the low mid 20s) but the stuttering that makes it unplayable. When I zoom in, stuttering, when I look around, stuttering, no matter my settings it always happen. Hey is just me flying no vehicles or enemies around, guess what? Yeah, stuttering and unstable fps. I can play War Thunder with 32 players or bots and lots of action on the ground with Ultra settings at full 60 fps in 1080p with not drops just fine but this game on low looks worse than WT and with nothing but just me on the map barely gets to 50 fps, is unstable and still has the stuttering problem. I've read and many people with better specs than me have the same issues. This is obviously a problem with the game. Now as for the gameplay, the lack of content is also a reason why this game isn't worth the price. First of all the game doesn't even have a tutorial mode so for starters like me our only option is to play with custom settings while we learn how the planes handle in this game, which imo is not very good, on normal settings I can't even turn in the 109, while in simulators like 1946 with everything on full realism I can do it without any problem. I found out that I have to enable an option in custom settings to simplify turning, is strange and is something I've never seen in another simulator game so whatever I did it but guess what? The campaign can only be played on normal or expert, that's right the incompetent developers won't even give you the option to play the campaign mode with custom settings, are you kidding me? And if you want to unlock the planes skins and modifications you have to play campaign or pay. So if you can't even turn the fckng plane how are you suppose to do that? PAY. What a joke. And two of the few flyable planes in this game are behind a paywall. One of them is an all time favorite, the 190. Wanna fly the legendary 190, too bad you gotta pay us more for it because is locked unless you pay for the unlock key. Ridiculous. Oh and don't even bother with the mp, is dead. Unless you consider two out of a dozen lobbies being half full alive.Tl;dr - Unplayable overpriced game with a dead mp, very little sp content and very few planes. Good thing I bought it on sale, too bad that by the time I asked for a refund I already exceeded the two hours limit. Not even worth the sale price.IL-2 1946 is still the best ten years later. Cliffs of Dover didn't surpassed it and this one doesn't even come close."
76561198017788609,Not Recommended,307960,21661059,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Lynoush,"I will be very honest.I had lots of fun with this game.But as the game progresses, devs are adding more bugs and unstablizing the game.Also, FM and DM changes in every patch.If they were 'historically accurate' from the beginning as the devs always claim, why are they changing it so much?I lost faith with the devs of this game completely.This game has so much potential but the devs are too egoistic to listen to feedbacks and absoultely incompetent at running a game smoothly.It is just laughable that the devs are calling themselves as the ""Successor of old IL-2 1946""."
76561198000466618,Not Recommended,307960,22384535,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Olmy,I love flight sims but I cant stand trying to play a complex sim with no tutorials or manual.
76561198011313824,Not Recommended,307960,14046203,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Kapustick,"Hey...pay $100 for everything... and when I create an online account (required to play), it says my account is inactive.  I can't even see what the game is like, to see if it's any fun for me.Geez...only now do I notice Special Steam registration instructions.  This is the hardest game to play...even before you get to play it.  Now I've got to look through all of the tech support to see how stupid I am for not reading all the comments before I bought this game.Registered and activated my keys online, but the game still gives me two errors on start:1)  No connection with authorization server2)  Your connection to Master-Server was temporarily lost.  Check your internet connectionThat's all I can do with this $100 game.  Not much fun so far.It's great that most people are successfully able to play this game.  I requested a refund.  Hopefully I can put the $100 towards DCS stuff.  I should have did that from the start.  At least I'll be able to play."
76561198009903018,Not Recommended,307960,26186173,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Corwin86,"I must explain: 150 $ and you will receive the ""best"" air combat simulation around (at least, of the last years).But this ""best"" is far from perfect and a great graphics (and superb models) don't hide a terrible AI and a game that is only a better version of Rise of Flight with little modification.This would be a good game for around 50 $ (it's surely an AAA game). But this is not Microsoft Flight Simulator. I cannot accept to buy, for 50 $ dollars, ONLY a couple of planes and one battle stage.Microsoft Flight Simulator is more cheap and have a (way) better tech value!This have to change. It's frankly ridicolous and you have to buy ALSO all the other packs in the future.Want a new (poor) campaign? Here, another 50 $! And this become 49,99 € in Europe!I have to say again: you cannot sell a game in this state for this price, is pratically a fraud, because there is no way to justify the cost!So, I will play it again? Sure, I've already bought it, but I've done with 777 Studios, I think they are one of the less professional game developers around, and continue to grab (a lot of) money for every cheap S**T they produce as DLC!!!Why I have to buy every single plane? Every single campaing? Every single module?Just release BIG DLC, BIG updates!This is not the new IL-2! It's a stupid version of ROF with WW2 planes!Oh, and if you prefer multyplayer, just stick with Wargames and so: at the end, an annual premium account is cheaper..."
,Recommended,307960,21877925,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,CT-5555,Pros: Not WarthunderThats it...Buy it.
,Recommended,307960,21744686,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Mudd,"Flight model floats lile a feather, needs many patches"
,Recommended,307960,29462744,Posted: 24 January,all,armablign @ rAge,Meh. 1946 was better.. But these graphics are pretty good
76561198092815021,Not Recommended,307960,24817170,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Wizkid27,"You pay $50 for only a few maps and 1/4 of the planes and the rest is extremely expensive dlc, plus the multiplayer is basically dead"
76561198087071966,Not Recommended,307960,30068885,Posted: 20 February,all,Cochise,"DO NOT BUY this IL-Sturmovik directly from the Software Company.  There are issues getting it to work on STEAM and the Service Support answers inquires and requests for help with, ""I don't understand""!  I have enjoyed this game but my experience with the developer has been ugly.  Only purchase through STEAM!!!  I must say, I will probably not purchase any additional Campaigns.  Impossible to get a REFUND."
,Not Recommended,307960,18705085,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Cyrus40K,its online authentication sucks when my network is only good enough to play battlefield 4.i will recommend DCS: World rather than this one.
76561198082342356,Not Recommended,307960,22434258,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,A Freaking Cactus,"It is extreamly hard for a new player to play and enjoy this game. I have played Previous IL-2 titles before and have never had such a hard time with controls, they are terrible, there is no tutorial on how to use them, and the massive amount of controlls dont work entirely well on a conroller. Rant Halt. Now, I want to love this game but is doesn't want me to love it, it seems. i understand it is a more realistic flight sim, and so is 1946. However in 1946 i was able to easily play and remap controls to a cotroller, even the ""expert"" controlls and difficulty were easy to understand, but with this game nothing is easy. The last thing i have to say is that if this game had a tutorial, (ive looked but i havent found one although it could be hidden if it exists) it would be a hell of a lot easier to catch up to and enjoy. Time to spend hours learning how to do the most basic of tasks... Unless you really want to play this game and are dedicated to WW2 flight sims, i cannot recommend this."
,Not Recommended,307960,30241892,Posted: 28 February,all,DASman,"This game is way  to expensive, $80 bucks alone for 4 new planes...or plus another $50 for expansion(plus another expansion coming out thats priced higher, with 2 collector planes that you can only buy from there website). less then 100 people on if not less. i regret the purchase. You'll need a joystick..the only populated servers play full sim,(no mouse and keyboard, no waypoints, no friendly tags, full engine mangement) if the game was less, and had populated servers on realistic(waypoints, friendly tags) more people might play. CAN'T RECOMMEND THIS GAME...because of the steep price to have everything, and the expert only policy.. 61.5 hours in, update reset all mappings on joystick, which mapping in itself is a pain and will make people refund the game. the 60 or so people are all hardcore fans who will give you no chance to get any better. needs a balance between realistic and expert"
,Recommended,307960,11746746,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,King Frustrated,am i the only one that the game is lagging to me? i am really sure my laptop is good enough
76561198281075183,Not Recommended,307960,21958267,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,joseph.e.connelly,"Terrible, unable to even set up an account and play"
76561197966626112,Not Recommended,307960,33310124,Posted: 6 July,all,Pablo,"I bought this game for VR functionality, and I have quite enjoyed flying around in the HTC Vive. Performance is a bit of an issue, as I cannot get 90 frames per second even on low detail. The cockpits look very good, though there are often issues with camera placement and drifting, which I haven't really had with other games.The main positives for this game are sound design, graphics and realism. I'm not a big fan of arcade flight sims and I really enjoy the difficulty and satisfaction of scoring even one kill in this game.However, the amount of content on offer for £40 is frankly a joke. You only have access to eight planes, though a couple of additional ones are available for ludicrous prices. The campaign mode and mission builder feel severely stunted compared to previous il-2 games. I miss the variety of 1946, Pacfic Fighters and the original. If you don't have a VR headset, the only reason to buy this is the graphical upgrade.The DRM is also a total pain in the neck. You need an internet connection to play the campaign (thanks for that, guys) and I frequently have to alt+F4 to restart the sign-in process which occurs at the start of every session.I will probably get my money's worth out of it as I bought it on sale and have a VR headset. However I feel very let down by the developers whom I previously admired and seem to have just gotten greedy. It's a no from me."
,Not Recommended,307960,12999974,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,[LMAA]-LiU-KanG,If you plan on tripple monitor gameplay with NV Surround or Eyefinity. ITS NOT SUPPORTED!Just wasted 39£ ...
76561197999792087,Not Recommended,307960,27740447,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cw 4life|COBR@,"I don’t recommend this game !In comparison with il2 1946 this game is a joke!ProsNice graphicsNice physicsCoinsEven on realistic settings game behaves like an arcadeVery inconvenient map editorUnlocks? Seriously? This supposed to be a flight simulatorI build my computer. For the past 4 years, it might have crashed 2 or 3 times tops. This game crashed it more than 5 times in one day.Very little content for the money that you are paying. For one extra plane I have to pay 25$ ? and that plane is not even flight simulator plane with clickable cockpit !Very disappointed, il2 series were by far my favorite game when I was growing up.  With a lot of content ( even before mods) and awesome map editor which is very important for me , this new map editor outside of the game just sucks !"
76561198025479905,Not Recommended,307960,29918266,Posted: 14 February,all,Fredboy,"But why the cost so high?  Theres a lot to be done for the first flight. This is more a predecessor of IL2 Cliffs over Dover in terms of functions & gameplay which I thought by IL2 1946. Well...if you have lots to spend then okay but sadly not for me. Its just a financial constraint for me, I'm not a millionaire."
76561197997983040,Not Recommended,307960,13587267,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Marcus,No tutorial. For me its not even possible to take off with an airplane. And yes i have a joystick.
,Not Recommended,307960,31962972,Posted: 25 May,all,conmulligan,"Almost every time I try to sign in after booting this up it idles indefinitely with the message ""Please Wait..."". The game isn't unresponsive and doesn't appear to be communicating with the server at all so I'm not sure what the problem is, but at this point I don't really care enough to find out."
,Not Recommended,307960,28546005,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,UnorthodoxBox ｯ ☄,"DO NOT buy this game if you are looking for a similar game to the previous IL-2 installations. It has gone DEEP into micro-transactions with $100+ of planes and missions. The base game has NOTHING. Only a few maps, planes, and a campaign. Even on sale at $25, that is not worth it. The actual gameplay is alright, though it feels basically like a HD re-skinned version of 1946. If the game had 4x the content it does right now, I would agree that it is worth it at the sale price. It would need a lot more to warrant $50 in my eyes."
76561198074981274,Not Recommended,307960,24740005,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ahmad_g,"You can't play the game unless you create their account, the problem is I've created an account and activated and still it tells me that the account is not activated."
76561198008243987,Not Recommended,307960,18802692,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,peg00se,I've been trying on and off all day to establish an email and password for my IL2 Account.  I've many IL2 games going back to the days it all began.  Never had I had to go through all this BS.I've been sent all over the world and also to my email and end up having to enter my email address again and again and again and.... you guessed it...again!  Then I'm told to enter my MY PASSWORD.  If I had a fricking password I'd ENTER IT!  I've typled in the PW I was given by STEAM about 20 times and it's never worked.I've spent hours doing this crap and I now give up.  I'm asking Steam for a refund.
76561198037459006,Not Recommended,307960,32631761,Posted: 21 June,all,frosty,"a minute in and it's already♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. it never says an internet connection or account is required for offline play, yet I immediately get a splash screen that wants my information and won't let me go further (even offline) without giving it up. so I'm staring at a screen in VR with no way to type. I love devs that don't ever bother to try the UI from the production environment"
76561198022703903,Recommended,307960,24759117,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Josey wales,"This game just cant ,Get to Play."
76561197977267103,Not Recommended,307960,26623312,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Conspiracy Theory,"Dec 2016... This flight sim is the worst flight trash on Steam (in terms of controls).Seems sluggish on highest settings in 1080p via an Asus Strix 1070.Haswell i7, 16Gb Ram, ASUS Gaming Mo-Bo, WD Black Gaming Drive & SSD Windows 10 x64.Using Tm HOTAS Warthog flight stick & throttle, with Saitek Combat Flight pedals, but the controls have a mind of their own. Re-mapping is probably the worst of any flight sim.Re-mapping does not work most of the time, and repeately tried to set Joystick controls all to NumPad 5. (EDIT: A recent update [Feb 1st 2017]  seems to have fixed that).I dont have this level of problems in a handful other flight sims; because Some actually have functioning mapped HOTAS Flight controls out of the box (including Pedal maping).Also...Does not function properly in or out of Stereoscopic 3D. 3D is Great for getting a headache in the glitchy settings screen (due to 3D conflict?) and in Cockpit view.That said, external view is nice in 3D.Weeks pass by,........... and it Was still impossible to map the Tm HOTAS Warthog in the game.(EDIT: A recent update [Feb 1st 2017]  seems to have fixed that).Avoid the game unless you enjoy problems.Buy Aerofly instead; or X-Plane 11."
76561198073340857,Not Recommended,307960,32690934,Posted: 23 June,all,Petresko,"If you like getting robbed,then this is the sim for you!I should have listened to my sixth sense,do NOT buy this game unless it's 90% off ...Pros :- Good aircraft simulation and good combat- Good graphics- Great sound designCons :- Lacking campaign,overall poor quality Single player content- About 14 aircraft, [edit 24.06.17] most of which you'll have to grind your way through single player to unlock,as if it's War Thunder- Poorly made menu .. graphics are cramped into Low-Medium-High with little to no options to customize. If you don't gooverthe requirements you'll experience performance issues. ESPECIALLY when flying close to the ground near the trees,god forbid you zoom in,you suddenly downgrade to Win98.- Inconvenient controls - While the joystick axis settings have adjustable curves,everything else you must map on the keyboard and half the times setting up double-key binds doesn't work."
,Not Recommended,307960,32986124,Posted: 29 June,all,Unterfeldwebel Von LuftWaffe,"Well, Lets start from beginning.Is this game worth 50$/46€?No or at least not for me. Belive me, i have over 600h in War Thunder and i mostly play Simulator/Realistic Battles.I own IL2 1946 that costs 10$ or 3 on sale and it has much more fun. Stalingrad gives you 8 planes with other by buying honestly pretty expensive DLCs and other maps like Moscow with another 50$. In 1946 you can have over 80+ planes by default and with some mods and addons for free, i have over 680+ planes with different cool modifications.If you will buy this game then i reccomend before flight just sit in Key Mapping and Remap everything for your own goods becouse you will need a lot of them in flight.And btw, I have somewhere 50h in this game. I just play with IL2.exe file so steam cant track my play time.But now cons and prosPros:+Honestly good graphics+Now with some tanks ( But they have cons )+Now with mouse support ( But i would reccomend owning Joystick )+Very well modeled planes and tanks. Insides are really greatly modeled nad textured.+Now you get all unlocks from beginning. ( It was a unlockable progress before)+Map is big and well made for 290x270km+Beautiful smoke effects and Bomb Explosions.Cons:-Low mutiplayer. ( This is more like arguable point but mostly 100 player online)-Lack of options. I cant costumize anything. Low amout of chooseble settings. Even free game Rise Of Flight have more.-Tanks are good but dont play any big role. It is more something that people ignore.-Good optimization( 60fps on medium-high on GTX 750ti) But flying near ground or shooting a plane that has smoke coming out of it drops fps to 15-20. ( Well it`s still better than Rise Of Flight optimization)-No tutorial ( again this is arguable. I know how everything works so it wasnt a problem for me but i can be a problem for some one players )-8 planes for 50$ and DLC planes starting from 20$ each. or a new scenario with moscow or kuban (Upcoming) 50$ each.Okay, and if you honestly want this game then go for it. It is your choise not mine. But if you cant afford games with this price then i would reccomend trying Rise Of Flight. It is a game with same game studios and game engine but setting is in ww2. They both share nearly same UI but there are more settings in it. Game is worse optimized but you can start for free with 3 basic planes and after buy more of them for 15-20$ steam packs with 4-6 planes in each and somethimes with campain or from theyr website to get specific plane foe around 3$ + Modification price.( Yes, mods are locked if your pack does not have modifications for specific plane.)"
76561198033720036,Not Recommended,307960,13903882,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Jason,"I made a huge mistake buying this. I don't see how it is any better than War Thunder except it costs $70. I was expecting IL-2 1946 v2, instead I got this steaming pile of turd. Where did Oleg go? Who wrote this flight model? Awful. Just bloody awful.For anyone who reads this: You're better off with War Thunder if you enjoy flight combat games and if you enjoy flight simulators then go with DCS. This is just.. bad. Very very bad."
76561197993765973,Not Recommended,307960,26632802,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,BLACKPRINCE,would love this game if it had tutorials. I have had it for about a year now hopeing that thay would add som typ of tutorials.But still nothing I just dont thank I should have to go look up som other players tutorials.  That sucks cant just play and be told how to do somting when im playing.( So i can learn ) Not going to spend 25 hours trying to learn when thay should just have tutorials in game like most every flying game or sim it shows you how to do stuff. Just seems dumb to thank a new player is going to just jump right in  and start flying the first day its more like your going to jump right in and have to look up youtube♥♥♥♥♥♥i didnt buy the game for that !! Should come with warning about that♥♥♥♥♥♥if it did i would have saved som money
76561198142107115,Not Recommended,307960,33312455,Posted: 6 July,all,pascalbob,"Bought this in the Summer sale and in the bag of games I bought this is by far the biggest dissapointment.The graphics are OK not ace but just OK and the overall campaign and single sortie missions are pretty good but the big downside is my frame rate.  It's all over the place, good sometimes and awful on the next playthrough.  My rig is good and graphics settings I've tried them all.  Maybe it's the DRM perm. connection you need but it's just driving me nuts.After DCS this is just bad and not what I was expecting at all.  Overall especially with the always on connection I can't recommend this.Going to try a couple more times but refunding probably.  Subjective as everything is but DCS is still king of the hill."
76561198109897702,Not Recommended,307960,23874918,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Isaac,"I really want to give a possitive review, but the game only gives you a platform to play a WW2 simulation air combat. everything else you have to search online by yourself, it doesn't even have a tutorial, compare to other games like DCS (have tutorial), warthunder (easy to understand). but this game, unless you are really patient, otherwise you have to spend several hours to find information from internet. the game are not worth the money it can gives you, and you have to spend way much more time outside of the game in order to play this game.Before you buy this game, make sure you have a good teather tell you how to play, good internet resource, and tons of time."
,Not Recommended,307960,17312872,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,[M] Inimical_rize,"It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ -can't use mouse and keyboard, main menu is clunky as♥♥♥♥♥♥ can barely alter controls for any use. it forgets control schemes after every update.You might as well burn your cash instead."
76561197970658113,Not Recommended,307960,22044437,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Chris,"Nice game but I am tired of this spirit of monetization.This game is almost 2 years old and the price is still 50.00$!20.00$ for One single plane is aalso a scam to me.A short term view, once again."
76561198050716102,Not Recommended,307960,20784855,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Jammy34,sorry but this a very poor game.. nothing like the IL2 games i grew up with or even CLOD. I am sim fan not into arcade games...buy this at your peril!
,Not Recommended,307960,33928998,Posted: 31 July,all,Jackfire,"Keeps crashing, can´t use Joystick.I dont want to look for a solution too many hours just to play a game I paid enough money for..."
,Not Recommended,307960,33213524,Posted: 3 July,all,Oscar Juliet,"I fly the PMDG 777 in P3DI fly the BF109s in IL2-CLOD w/ Team FusionI fly the A10c and other aircraft in DCS World.This is by far the biggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game...that wants to be a simulation I've ever seen. I bought it when it first came out. Hasn't improved much since.1) Controls - ha don't expect anything easy about navigating the controls page or setting Axis up. I had to invert all of mine to work properly.2) Graphics - Basic xbox level tweaks allowed. No full graphics menu or options.3) Must log into your account at launch. Sometimes it stalls, doesn't log you in and guess what you can't play.Game is junk these days IL2 CLOD w/ team fusion is available right on steam. Its the best hope for great WWII combat."
76561198090351444,Not Recommended,307960,18818781,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ultra _Motherfucker,GAY AS ♥♥♥♥
76561198079454129,Not Recommended,307960,18414208,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,star_wars_44,1946 is still better
76561197969181196,Not Recommended,307960,32717284,Posted: 24 June,all,kirbe,"I would write a review of this game but all I can do is write a review of trying to get the game to play.dont waste your time.Firstly you have to register online, and this is where the problem starts.OK put in your email address and password..Done.User name or password inccorect...err..no it isn'treset password..ok done..user name and password inccorect...NO IT F***ing isn't!!! I JUST RESET IT.Repeat for about 30 minutes.request refund."
76561198115300224,Not Recommended,307960,24924476,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,mambocrow,"I bought the game from Steam.  I have an email confirming this.  I have a product activation key.  I tried to follow the instructions supplied by Steam when trying to open the game.  I get an error message saying my email address and password are wrong, or already in use.  I don't see why this should be so complicated.  I've been charged for the game,but I'm nowhere near to playing it.  I've had it with Steam.  I had bought another game from Steam a while back, ""Cliffs of Dover"", never could get that one to work either, but it only cost $9.00.  I'm not going to buy any more games from this site,and I'm goingto demand my money back and see how that goes."
76561198089177492,Not Recommended,307960,15085364,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Sabbath Mapper,Do not buy this game is is so sloooooooooooowwww
76561198008839465,Not Recommended,307960,31636227,Posted: 8 May,all,dragoncity,"After update, i cannot login to play .. Does not make sense that a game bought on steam , which have DRM, have another game log in screen. which prevents ypou from playin gthe game directly. Never like such systems. Especially for expensive games like this one."
76561198041518605,Not Recommended,307960,29993957,Posted: 17 February,all,VonRippedoften,"I have always wished the best for Il2, So it was a miserable experience having to refund this game.I have had every version of the IL2 series since the start. This is the worst. Cliffs of Dover was the worst but is now possibly the best due to the amazing work done by Team Fusion. Once again German aircraft deliberately Nerfed because, Propaganda...The obsolete I-16 out performs a Bf109 E in all aspects and can 1 shot kill like a freakin sniper.Thats also probably because the Russian devs have given German aircraft ricepaper for armor.A Mig 3 which was at lvl flight following and catching a FW190 that has just dived on it from 1000 feet above and tried to climb away with its energy advantage?No more than perhaps 120 players online at one time spread throughout ""Expert"" servers.For beginners this is a nightmare because you will spend most of your time 1 - Trying to figure out where you are on the map. 2 - Looking for a dot that might be an enemy aircraft or a friendly aircraft.By the time you can see what that dot is you realise that the dot is an enemy plane flown by a pro fanboi who is going to shoot you down in seconds. You just lost your only life on that server btw and wont be able fly for a few hours or the next day. Yay how fun for beginners!!!The Hardcore community in IL2 is truly what is killing the franchise by making it so difficult and therefore unwelcoming to beginners by insisting the majority of servers are using full realistic settings.I remember when Il2 had 500+ players on at peak times and most of the servers were small maps with more ""fun"" settings. It doesnt have to be arcade settings, you can still have realistic flight models/damage and gunnery.War thunder is thriving because they have a variety of servers with different difficulty settings, BOS does not."
76561198012739226,Not Recommended,307960,32885363,Posted: 27 June,all,franka19,this game is a nightmare to start up due to the stupid password procedure to initiate the game - would not allow me in - refund applied for.
10987321679854367,Not Recommended,307960,34007461,Posted: 3 August,all,Thedillon25100,"Will be geting a refund, for everyones information. ""yea i know who cares""""Prepare myself for the hate that will storm me for hating this game""My basic problems with this game is that.1. The damn DRM even with offline you need internet to at least get it going... Bad idea, but their choice.2. You require an account outside of steam to play a single player game ""yes it has multiplayer but hell i didnt buy it for that reason or even want multiplayer""3. for 50$ geting a small ammount of content is just..........  less than 15 planes and three basic maps...4. The Dlc modle......       Why in the hell would people support a company that is adding 20$ dlc's with little content........ Other than a plane or two.Those where my problems, now lets see what i actually liked about the game.1. Them graphics...Overall just save money and buy the old Il 2 games ... This game is just not worth the money they are charging...Note for people that will come here and comment.Dont openly atack me for hating a game you adore, be nice about it.... Otherwise itl just get removed."
,Not Recommended,307960,27783826,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mister Blin,"It really isn't a game for casuals like me.I own a controller and all so it's not like that was the issue, but the steep difficulty curve.I understand that complaining about difficulty in a simulator is like complaining about water being too wet, but coming from War Thunder Sim and liking that a fair amount, I thought this would be a natural step up.There was also the framerate issue which even lowest settings couldn't fix, so even on that front the game underperformed.Edit:I do not have the 1-2 week time frame in order to learn how to play the game properly to begin having fun. It is not that I dislike learning how to play games, but I would much rather play a game that is fun immediately --  or almost so -- after starting.Edit(4-8-2017)I've been hearing that there was a switch from Dx9 to Dx11 which apparently improved performance for most systems. While it stopped looking like a slideshow, the framerate frequently remains below 30fps when looking at any trees or buildings or airplanes, and only goes above that when looking at the sky.The settings almost completely lock out the user, with a choice betwen low, medium, high, etc. . ., and a choice to modify AA settings. There is no way to see if many of the post-processing options that are likely available are running, and thus reducing the performance.I have tried the tank combat, but because of the rather hefty lag it was hard to truly appreciate. The AI is stupid, default controls are archaic, and the gunplay didn't feel as impactful -- no real ""oomph"" when shooting your gun, or feeling of accomplishment when destroying a target."
,Not Recommended,307960,22910785,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,kelvin_smoakin,this game would be outstanding if it didnt keep freezing and crashing.im using two GTX980 graphics cards and a hight end machine. ive tried every single set up there is to try but it doesnt make any difference or sort out the problem
76561198042784628,Not Recommended,307960,28540515,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Robin,"Didn't even get past the control setup before I requested a refund for this game. If you use TARGET software the keybinds will not work. For example, flaps in IL2 BOS are 'F' for flaps down and 'left shift + f' for flaps up. If I program these keys into TARGET it will register the 'F' just fine. What it doesn't register is any modifier keys from TARGET such as shift, control, alt ect. When the correct keys are mapped, it would press 'F' for flaps down correctly, and 'F' for flaps up, even though it is mapped as left shift + f in Target.There is a work around but it requires you to set up 4 commands in TARGET for one keybind. I shouldn't have to command TARGET to press left shift, press f, release left shift, release f, just so I can have one keybind. I should be able to just program left shift + f as a singular command like any other game."
76561197981531526,Not Recommended,307960,23871214,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,jtkfox,What a fxxx are they thinking with. It's not possible to play the game without forcing me to create account on they're website. I buy gemes on Steam just to buy and play and don't get bothered with alot of writing and create a password I can remember at different sites.
76561197972238246,Not Recommended,307960,28490560,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mac,The game stopped working after the recent update...
,Not Recommended,307960,23960477,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ekodaplayer,"first of all u need to have a joystick, or the control will be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, it's not easy to change the default setting........................."
76561197988302870,Not Recommended,307960,34743489,Posted: 4 September,all,rickh03301,"If you have a Nvidia card this game is total garbage. Can only launch the game about 50% of the time.Can not finish a mission because game will lock up in a white screen almost every time. The game does look good from what little I can tell but the problems with the total package seems like this is still in Alpha mode. I can not believe they are charging $50 for this. And as far as a fix goes,forget it.Their way of fixing this is to tell you to go buy a different graphics card. I can play Rise of flight without somuch as a hickup but this is nothing more than stealing money right out of my pocket. And of course no warning about the Nvidia 7xx card issue prior to purchase."
76561198080187708,Not Recommended,307960,13557984,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Gazza,this game is a load of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tried to create account several times but the the♥♥♥♥♥♥game will not accept my password even though checking it was right a hundred times for this reason i would strongley recommend not to buy this game
76561197966739386,Not Recommended,307960,32747357,Posted: 24 June,all,Erinys,"While I can only believe this an accurate sim, the lack of tutorials makes it a pass for me.I remember the original IL-2 had fairly good ones, shame they didn't make it through here."
76561198007338209,Not Recommended,307960,11810929,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Fishey,"I have been using 3 monitors for flight/racing simulations for years, including all of the iL2 titles. Why they would pull support for this is very dissappointing."
,Not Recommended,307960,25409328,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Alex™,"It's not what I was hoping for when I was looking for a WW2 dogfighting game. It has performance issues, connection issues, and multiplayer is nearly empty with around 60 people on average playing at a time. If you don't believe me goHEREand see for yourself."
76561198285592959,Not Recommended,307960,26476642,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,adeexe.al,♥♥♥♥♥♥  got il2 then il2 battle for stalingrad. unable login in. binned both won't bother with it. again.
76561198196590589,Not Recommended,307960,32785302,Posted: 25 June,all,Hex,"Only played for a few minutes, but game looks great, pretty realistic (comparing with Microsoft FSX and DCS), and the sound effects are absolutely amazing. But ""down vote"" for forcing me to register through a long and frustrating process."
76561197993277074,Not Recommended,307960,12618715,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Asterix von TWC,"The atmosphere and graphics are good, but I feel marketing has become the primary focus of so many gamemakers now. The game is hard, and I have played many flight sims, but frankly couldn't be bothered to try to turn my PC into a flying machine financially and otherwise.... crashed on all 10 of my takeoff attempts. In the air on low settings the game if beautiful... I love looking around the cockpit, but I just don't dare move my stick for fear of a crash...if you are or always wanted to be an amateur pilot and want to have to feel like you are pressing 120 buttons on a real vintage dashboard just to prevent your plane from going into a stall this game is for you.My negative rating comes from the following: I feel a bit fooled that I invested in an Alpha (also bought 2 extra planes) that promised me a dynamic campaign with depth of experience and instead I get a half-baked campaign I could have had in IL-2 1946. Very dissapointed... I am supprised they call this version ready when it seems to be so much less than promised.Ohh, today launch day, I know many people had Early Access version and yet there was a total of 16 pilots on at midnigth GMT +1... that is dissapointing. It is actually fun to just jump into the plane and open and close the cockpit without daring to touch the controls... I remember the dev saying in an interview ""we want a game even complete newbs to flight sims can just jump into"" ... I am no newb, I mastered Red Baron 3d, even did good at this company's Rise of Flight, but I am not a trained Messeschmit pilot nor have the time to become one.Unlock of planes for a game this expensive is INSANE. Bad choice. Ohhh and my DLC's don't work and they did in early access.Pros: Detail of aircraftCons: Game is hard, campaign is hard (is it really so hard to make something as good as Dynamix's classic Red Baron?), ""fun"" factor they promised is not really there more than game released 20 or 10 years ago."
76561198200881115,Not Recommended,307960,28437354,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,dvs_uk,"The Following Need Fixing ASAP!The concept and artwork is brilliant but as in past incarnations, it is (still) riddled with problems.  The below need fixing urgently:1 - The combat view is pointless.  Simply fix the exterior camera view so that it snap-centers behind the aircraft (looking foward) as in past IL-2 games.  You can then look around from there (e.g. using hat switch).2 - The HUD key (default h) should not disable in-game map, map position icon or distance indicators of visible aircraft.  This should ONLY turn off the display bar (compass, altitude, etc.) and the right-side engine control icons.  The map and right-side messages can already be turned off separately.3 - The icon key (default i) should turn off the map position icon and distance indicators of visible aircraft.  This should be separate from HUD control because casual players don't want the display bar (which is pointless anyway as aircraft have these gauges) but like to see the map position icon and distance of visible aircraft.4 - When starting the game, it should automatically attempt sign-in and display the 'play offline' option if this has failed.5 - Prop pitch should be able to be mapped to a slider.6 - In the campaign mode, the 'of' in Battle of Stalingrad shouldn't be capitalised.  This just looks unprofessional.Please at least fix the first three and I'll change to a positive review."
76561197970985019,Not Recommended,307960,11843675,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,foconnor,"As with some others ... have had a nightmare of a registration process (it must have been deisgnned by a bureaucrat with 90 to 100 years experience behind a desk). Regsitered a username, an emial address a password, the registration key and all manne rof data concerning my sexual inclinations (I'm attracted to white rabbits) and what team I support in the Eastern SIberian Ice Hockey League ... and I'm Australian and we don't do the ice hockey thing.Bottom line NOBODY has thought this through from a USER perspective.To make a long story short, I get an error 4 when I try to log in on the startup screen (no such user or wrong passowrd) but have no problems logging into their site on the Web and messing with my registration.Given tha I can't boot the game ... user satisfaction is low. Flight models suck. Game graphics are non-existent. Enemy AI (I'm assuming they mean the IC Company twit who set this registration process up) ... minimal intelligence exhibited.All up ... not a happy chappy at all."
76561198033916401,Not Recommended,307960,34741921,Posted: 4 September,all,EugeneTheAlpaca,"just got my oculus rift and started flying in the game, However when ever I move forward with my head in like a zooming motion and/or when i turn/rotate my head i get tremndous lag spikes that ruin the experience altogether"
76561197966105913,Not Recommended,307960,13541765,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Revixy,"Unable to even start the game even in offline mode, registered on their site made sure the password and the email address was correct, I still get the same errror saying my email and password is incorrect even though I made sure they were correct and changing them more than 10 times.0/10, do not buy this garbadge."
,Not Recommended,307960,12765669,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,dmekrxh,"Laggy launcher, failed to start after 30 minutes"
76561198007316660,Not Recommended,307960,12631692,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Tom Sawyer,"DO NOT BUY THIS FLIGHT SIM!!.... i paid a rediculous price of 60 bucks to find it took me over an hour to try to login and even launch the game...I had to download it from the company website even to get it to launch....  After playing 3 missions...you are assigned a third mission to shoot down a SINGLE BOMBER....the game crashes....after i spend 10 minutes on a bombers tail ......you see there is this this ""motion blur"" that when you move a slight movement on your flightstick the enemy blurs out and you cant see him....  I tried the same mission 6 times..and every time..it crashes and you fail the mission....DO NOT  >>>NOOOO do not waste your money on this stupid crap....  I even went out and bought a high end flight stick controller cos thats what the game requires...  .....   This is the worst money ive ever wasted on a flight sim...next to DCS world combat simulaters as welll, which are even worse and more stupid than this one...Also when you try to land your plane..thats impossible....you will crash no matter what you do....There are no landing tutorials......even to give you a clue.... Ive been a real time pilot in the real world..landed planes myself..and this...is just broken and stupid......"
76561198231649820,Recommended,307960,30561223,Posted: 16 March,all,trentaslin,"I would like a refund. I thought that I wasn't able to because I had it for more than 30 days, but I read that if your computer couldn't handle it and you had less then 2 hours of gameplay that you can return it. I've seen people play it and I wanted it for myself, but my computer just can't handle it. I would appreciate a refund"
76561198068142145,Not Recommended,307960,22872678,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,KungPower,"Want to like this game. Cant because there is no tutorial (unless its hiding somewhere), and there is no explination on what to do. Mouse controls are broken, or broken enough to be useless. Entire menu system needs work as I have no clue what to select when picking a mission, or picking a plane. NOTHING is explained. They just assume you know how they built the game and how to fly. If these things are fixed, I would puit hours and hours into this game. Unfortunatley it would take a massive amount of work to change all these things. Buy at your own risk."
76561197965388333,Not Recommended,307960,34588480,Posted: 29 August,all,shammo,"WARNING: INTERNET CONNECTION REQUIRED TO PLAY.If you don't like games that force you to be online to play DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.If you do not play this game for a while and there has been an update, which happens very frequently, then you must have a connection to the internet to launch the game even in ""OFFLINE"" mode.There is no option to launch without updating.So, it's basically a sneaky way to force online validation in a roundabout way."
,Not Recommended,307960,31079705,Posted: 11 April,all,Potato,"game costs 46,99€ and for that cost you get free to play game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dlcs. But still this game is fun to play"
76561198326717727,Not Recommended,307960,34776351,Posted: 6 September,all,drroperto,"If you want to waste $49, go ahead and buy this game. Terrible and very unfriendly interface. Graphics are ""terrible"" in VR mode with images shaking all the time. BTW, I have a decent PC configuration with an Asus GTX 1080 Strix...so, it's not my system. I also own several others flight games and by far this is the worse one! I just hope that a huge update will be coming soon. Wish I could return this P.O.S. game and get my money back!Again, be aware before you buy it!"
76561198346578520,Not Recommended,307960,26704756,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,gjs1010,User interface a bit dissapointing.
,Not Recommended,307960,22637997,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,r3dark,the support is bad how bad like call you a liar bad. the game is good but i would say stay away from this game unless you want to spend 50+ hours in single player with bots to unlock the upgrades. i even went as far as to reach out to the support team to ask if they could unlock the modiifications for the game(not talking about the prem content) being a supporter of the beta on the website. and they told me i had no right. NO RIGHT REALLY? Even going as far to call me a ♥♥♥♥tard. BEST GAME SUPPORT EVER.
,Not Recommended,307960,34212040,Posted: 13 August,all,Grobsop,"The price is waaay to high for the amount of content you get. Only two tanks to drive. Only a handful of planes to fly. The game is just a replica of previous Il-2 sturmovik games, with better graphics, but even less content. My advice, don't waste your money on this. Go pick up Warthunder which has all the machines you can possibly want to fly and drive, for FREE. This game just does not come near in the slightest. And for the money I gave, I feel like it was thrown out the window."
76561198040938378,Not Recommended,307960,25763609,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Parrot,"Russian propaganda game...not a simulation...do NOT buy!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agmwuUH0HQAhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VM2P4QTFAzEUPDATE: 03/2017 : still numerous problems regarding damage models , gun/shell modeling and so on... problems are either ignored or brushed off by the developers (""bring proof"" while they have to bring NOTHING)Pricing policy is a joke...asking premium price for a game with numerous problems , bad performance and zero single player immersion and missing options regarding sound , graphics etc.."
,Not Recommended,307960,12017392,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Dangerous_Altoid,There is like a two second delay with my mouse and the game. Who would of thought a new alienware computer with 16GB of RAM and a 780 GTX isn't enough to play it
76561198407433667,Not Recommended,307960,34353860,Posted: 19 August,all,art7har,"I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO 2 DAYS TO GET PAST THE LOG IN SCREEN. FOR SOME REASON I CAN NOT GET PAST THE LOGIN. I TRIED CREATING A NEW USER ACCOUNT, BUT IL2 SAID THAT I HAD TO VERIFY MY EMAIL ADDRESS...WHICH THEY SAID ONLY TAKES 10 MINUTES....WELL ITS BEEN 2 DAYS AND STILL NO EMAIL VERIFCATION. IT IS NOT IN MY SPAM FOLER AND IT IS NOT BECAUSE OF MY ANTIVIRUS SOFTWARE. WHY WOULD MY ANTIVIRUS STOP ME FROM GETTING EMAILS? THE WORST PART IS THAT STEAM HAS ME AS PLAYING THE GAME FOR 65 MINUTES TODAY....I HAVE ONLY BEEN ON MY COMPUTER FOR 10 MINUTES. IF I HAVE NEVER BEEN PAST THE LOGIN SCREEN HOW IN HECK DID I PLAY THE GAME FOR 65 MINUTES. SOMETHING IS REALLY FISHY. THIS IS A BRAND NEW GAMING COMPUTER AND INTERNET ACCESS....SO I DONT KNOW WHY THIS GAME IS SO HARD TO GET A EMAIL JUST TO ""VERIFY"" MY EMAIL ACCOUNT????  WARNING....JUST TRYING TO START THE GAME IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE WHEN THEY WONT EVEN SEND YOU AN EMAIL TO VERIFY YOUR EMAIL ACCOUNT. 2 DAYS NOW I STILL HAVENT BEEN PAST THE CREATE NEW USER ACCOUNT. WOW....JUST WOW.  THIS IS WHY GAMES SHOULD BE SOLD IN STORES INSTEAD OF ONLINE. THIS IS JUST RIDICULOUS!!!  OF COURSE THERE IS NO WAY TO CONTACT STEAM TO ASK THEM HOW I HAVE BEEN PLAYING THIS GAME FOR 65 MINUTES????? JUST BE WARNED....SOMETHING IS WRONG AND ITS NOT ME. IF I CANT PLAY THIS GAME IN THE NEXT 24 HOURS I AM GOING TO REQUEST A REFUND. IF IT DOES START WORKING IN THE NEXT 24 HOURS I WILL CHANGE THIS REVIEW.  I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW DIFFICULT IT IS JUST TO PLAY A SIMPLE VIDEO GAME. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME SINCE I CAN'T EVEN GET A SIMPLE EMAIL TO START THE GAME."
,Not Recommended,307960,30412949,Posted: 9 March,all,maquez [Q-Net],"As an old IL2 Sturmovik/1946 veteran and proud ex member of the former I/JG78 squadI do NOT recommend this flight simulator.Horrible plane handling, accurate aim nearly impossible due your plane do wobble arround like crazy and you will hit more the sky than the enemy plane.Horrible joystick configuration with a gui that looks like copied out from a arcade console flight simulator. Manual joystick curves by entering numbers like in old IL2 1946 are impossible. No joystick profiles per plane possible, which is a big disadvantage by so many different plane types.It claims to be the continuation of the legendary IL-2 Sturmovik series but deserves that in no way. This game is a cash grave only, DLC's with one map and few planes are nearly same price like a triple A game release. You like to have new planes? Guess what, you have to pay for it ...Support is a joke !Very strange behaving developers.I did try ask for several times if they would be so kind and implement support for the Tobii Eyetracker 4C. Each time I got the answer that I have to ask this Tobii. They simply do not understand that this would be the job of the game developers to implement the Eyetracker API into the game. So finally I wrote a not so kindly email to the support and since then they do ignore me completely.Yeah this is also a way to treat paying customers... well done.A developer that needs to threat he will shutdown the game if reviews do not get mostly positive,http://www.gamerheadlines.com/2014/10/il-2-sturmovik-devs-metacritic/well this does tell everything about this company.Why I ever did buy this digital garbage..."
,Not Recommended,307960,34725649,Posted: 3 September,all,flarg,requires a virgin stickSHALT not be playing this
76561198055711258,Not Recommended,307960,32177242,Posted: 4 June,all,davidcampbell824,i get this game and it worked in my 32 bit computer now i have reinstaled it it now needs a 64 bit computer to run so not happy that they have changed it
,Not Recommended,307960,23244903,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,~CaNdLeBoX~,"They are crazy wanting $50 for this game. It has no tutorials what so ever. Almost all the multiplayer servers are empty. The only few that have people require a joystick. Bought this game just to play a tank. HAHA good luck on that. Requested refund the same day I bought it. If you like to spend hours learning the controls yourself and constantly bringing up the key map, then I guess this game is for you."
76561198046440577,Not Recommended,307960,31286773,Posted: 21 April,all,verypowerfulwizard33,"Bad game, dont waste your money."
76561198032507397,Not Recommended,307960,11741849,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Codex,i know it is early acsses but the settings to control the plane are for people with 100 fingers. the key bindings make no sense and compared with other simulations it is wildly over complicated
76561198005158922,Not Recommended,307960,12601921,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Reshef,Disgusting. Another epic fail from 1C after the Cliffs of Dover. It is time to close shop. I will never buy anything from this company again.
76561198053954518,Not Recommended,307960,12454008,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,info,"Lamest controls ever, I purchased this to have fun, not to learn how to fly a real plane, all that bobbing around with real physics is quite frustrating, even with a joystick, it is rubberbanding all over the place, I have pretty much all simulators and this one is the worst, plus, it is bug ridden, STAY AWAY FROM THIS!"
76561198321793584,Not Recommended,307960,25508692,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,gauravshukla123,"the graphics are really good. but there is a major problem in the gameplay. this game is too realistic  , does not have a good arcade mode , does not allow reloading of weapons by default. this made the game too much of a chore to play bcoz of too much realism. Will revise this review if the reloading of weapons is made more practical / good arcade mode is created."
,Recommended,307960,17898124,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Gal,Nice simulator.
76561197993477115,Recommended,307960,17820289,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,SaxonRaider,"I have bought every single Maddox games IL2 Sturmovik title since the first one, and even had an email exchange with Oleg (flight sim god) himself. I ran a squadron for 8 years on the old Ubi lobbies through the whole series. I bought Cliffs of dover, and never before had i felt so saddened at how unfinished it seemed to be. I really felt for the developers because it always showed in the past how committed and helpful to the IL2 players they were. IL2 Clod was so disjointed that i put off buying IL2 BoS for a long time. But let me tell you this. I beleive IL2 is now the Sim that Oleg was dreaming of. Its great in this release, and i really feel like, theres no way i could go back to 1946 after having a go of this. I thought i had seen this series die, however now it has been resurrected. Sure i understand some peoples comments about lack of aircraft, however, the detail and damage modelling is tremendous compared to 1946 which i will say, does seem very arcade like in comparison. It would be beutiful to have all theaters, Pacific carrier landings and everything you had in 1946, yes that will be missed. Maybe one day Oleg will add all this in DLC, that would be the next dream. Its a great engine this time. Smooth, and polished way beyond what Clod was. The immersion in this sim on full real settings is superb."
76561198026571619,Recommended,307960,17717324,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sgt.Barnes,"i really love this game its awsome, but for some reason when i reinstalled the game, (new computer), it now says ""an error occured trying to open il-2 BoS (disk write error)."" have no idea what this is or why it is happening."
76561198051151584,Recommended,307960,17733789,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,robochrist,"Fantastic flight sim. This past year, I have been resurrecting an old passion of mine: Flight Simulation/Space Sim. I grew up flying with my father and my granfather was an experimental test pilot in the USAF. I have been an enthusiast all of my life.Because I cannot afford to fly in real life (due to  both time and money), so I currently fly a Saitek X-52 Pro and a TrackIR5 setup. My 'cockpit' is still in the beginning stages, but I hope to add little by little over time.Even though my own setup is rudimentary at best, this game is still likely one of the most realistic and immersive experiences I've ever had.I highly recommend IL-2: BOS, especially if you are a fan of the franchise. They have improved many facets of the game.The one complaint I have (if I must), is that it kind of boasts a narrow focus. In some ways, that can add to the experience. However, there is also a significant drawback. In an ideal world I would like to see a more varied, fleshed-out campaign/story and more aircraft. If nothing else, I wish 1C Studios would put out more content. Whether that be in the way DCS World does it, Expansions on current titles or something else entirely. Really this Con only speaks to what a fan I am of this franchise. I hope to see more from them in the future.In terms of experience, this came can be slightly brutal at first; even to an experienced pilot (virtual or otherwise). However, if you stick with it, you'll quickly get the hang of it. I Spent a week hitting it hard each night for an hour or two, and finally started to get the basics and get a feel for the aircraft.Anyways, pick the game up, it's great!"
76561197975815323,Recommended,307960,17823189,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,machineabuse,"First the negatives;BoS does not support clickable cockpits and have directly stated they will not. Clickable cockpits give a direct visual way to familiarize players with a given interface, especially with the helpfulness of mousing over different elements in the pit to help figure out where things are. This is especially important if you are going to switch between multiple aircraft to deal with the workload. In all honesty had I known that the clickable cockpits were not to be featured I would most likely not have bought it. Had I figured it out sooner I would have had it refunded. It's a personal thing; your mileage may vary.This wouldn't be so bad of course if the mapping for HOTAS setups wasn't so... rigid. My HOTAS Warthog for example would benefit greatly by being able to assign modifier buttons to chord multiple controls to a single hat switch for engine management. BoS as far as I can tell does not allow you to use anything but ALT, SHIFT and CTRL for modifiers. This is a limitation that even War Thunder  doesn't have.BoS has serious issues with configuring any of the multiple position switches on the Warthog to do anything useful.The game also has multiple interface issues that range from annoying to exasperating. From icons in the navigation menu being horrendously cryptic (If you need to exit the game to find out the difference between blue and orange bullets you are designing it wrong.) to old-hat keybinding of 20 keys just to get friendly AI to do anything (Come on guys, commo rose is a modern standard for a reason.).Precious little is known about any sort of mod tools for the game as yet, which would greatly benefit from it's expansion the way that IL2: Cliffs Of Dover has. Also when your most complete manual is written by a 3rd party; you have a serious problem.Aside from that BoS gives a solid simulation experience. The sensation of flight is superb and the level of polish is the highest of any simulation in its class at current. They have done amazing things with the spotting system that sits it head and shoulders above it's contemporaries. Moreso than any other sim is the feeling of being ""in the moment"" above a wintery Russian warzone.Now if only the game would tell me what those stupid bullet colors meant without resorting to the Steam forums."
,Recommended,307960,20004224,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Halon,"I felt it was time to update my old review in line with the many changes since I first made it.Pros- Solid Flight Model- Great Graphics- Regular updates- Friendly community- Scalable difficultyCons- Steam key setup for DLC confusing for new players- Too many Luftwaffe pilots online! ;)The game still looks beautiful and I still find myself taking screen shots all the time because of this. Thanks to the recent expansion, IL-2 Battle of Moscow, there are now even more planes and another large scale map if you decide you want more. The flight models of the aircraft feel very realistic and 1C studios, despite the fact they're a small team, are constantly working to make the aircraft as faithful as possible. The next expansion, Battle of Kuban, looks very promising as it brings a whole bunch of new aircraft of course, including the lend-lease Spitfire and a stunning new map. The new map is very different from the previous ones as Kuban is characterised by the sea and mountains. Furthermore the campaign system is receiving a complete overhaul (for all campaigns) and should feel a lot more dynamic and progressive than it does currently.Overall I'd say that the core gameplay and flight experience is solid, the graphics and great, the singleplayer experience is good and set to be vastly improved upon and the scalability and flexibility of the difficulty settings means it can suit everyone. And for those less interested in the Eastern Front you should know that the Pacific theatre is coming next.I started flying with the mouse and keyboard which is viable and still fun but have since upgraded to using a Saitek x52 Hotas, keyboard, HatTrackIR set up... and I love it."
,Recommended,307960,15787812,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Republican Dog,"A great sim, had a rough, but now it is great fun. The sound design is brilliant."
,Recommended,307960,15607459,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,cameron,"after spending a major amount of time with this game, i have decided to redo my review to reflect my feelings better:You have let down our country and our Red Army. You have the nerve not to manufacture IL-2s until now. Our Red Army now needs IL-2 aircraft like the air it breathes, like the bread it eats. Shenkman produces one IL-2 a day and Tretyakov builds one or two MiG-3s daily. It is a mockery of our country and the Red Army. I ask you not to try the government's patience, and demand that you manufacture more ILs. This is my final warning.- iosef 'stalin' vissarionovich's angry message to some lazy dicksmack, 1941"
76561198029920754,Recommended,307960,12884977,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,PeteFly,"Graphics and flight physics are very good.The rest is good.Unfortunately a dynamic campaign is missing.Anyway, overall a great game."
,Recommended,307960,25915873,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,madlarkin8,"I once wrote a negative review for this game, citing poor optimization and shoddy VR implementation. A year later and many patches later and I must say this game is well worth my money. It runs buttery smooth, looks great, and dogfighting feels as real as ive seen in a game."
76561197971200127,Recommended,307960,25253049,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Awesome!,"I HAVE TO SIGN UP ON THEIR STUPID WEBSITE JUST TO PLAY THE GAME ON STEAM. IT DOESN'T EVEN WORK WHEN I ENTER MY CORRECT INFORMATION IN, INSTEAD, IT JUST SAYS ""wrong email or password"". SUCH BS!!!! HINT TO DEVS: DON'T ADD MORE LAYERS OF ENTRY INTO YOUR GAME. IT ONLY ADDS PROBLEMS.Edit: The VR implementation is too great to keep this a negative review. If you have VR. Play this game!"
,Recommended,307960,14270595,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Ratata,finally fixed 190 so i'm ok now.
,Recommended,307960,33746349,Posted: 23 July,all,Delta,"Pros:Very realistic, good graphics, active community, upcoming dlc, replay value.Cons:Not much content at all, some bugs, less realistic than the IL2 1946 in terms of the damage model which is older.7/10"
76561198032880087,Recommended,307960,31626893,Posted: 8 May,all,kilen,"162h of play actually (i did a first evaluation after some tens hours, but my sight was yet limited at that time), now, i can say my opinion is really mixed...i've BoS & BoM + all planes packages dispo too (except BoK for now, only dispo yet in earlier access today),in one sentence, there are good & bad things !in detail, lets say...POSITIVE:1) its trully beautyfull ! <3 <3every graphisms, ground details, etc... 10/10 ! thats THE! real asset of the game and the 1st ranked imo about 3D in all flight sims (to compare with: for prop planes with ground details and lower speed dogfights, much more intresting to play BoS than DCS for exemple, though DCS is first flight sim ref of all)...but i must say too, i had much troubles about graphic settings to find !...from ~40hours of play (registred on steam) to ~110h registred, plus settings of all controls there too... it wasnt funny, and i needed much patience to manage that, really. :pbut after that, its awesome ! glad i had patience for, it was trully worthfull finaly... <32) scripted campaigns are excellent ! they worth the spending (more than BoM itself !)NEGATIVE:1) classic solo campaigns are worthless !no immersion, only global player's stats to get from (no JG stats, no interaction inside scenario itself, no connection with AI wingmen and own squadron's story outside scale of a unique little mission).in practice, solo campaigns could be seen +/- usefull as training, to become (more or less) ready for MP gameplay later... (wich seems to be the real purpose of this game from dev's perspective...?)compared with the way it was inside IL2 1946, basic solo campaign here, clearly su*ks !the way we come from a mission to an other, no immersive link between them, no immersive link as member of a squadron, etc, etc, etc... awfull, really :(even if, in first sight, historical facts have been integrated to make the campaigns... but in practice, its absolutly not the case... and thats a real bad point imo !i mean, where is the intrest to do solo campaigns in a true historical environment if, as pilot, we have no link within, we have no stats in the context, we have no link with wingmen or story of our squadron ?! :/classic solo campaings are really badly made.2) and there still true bugs also ! too serious to be denied imo.lucky for me, i've not experimented all, some are worse than those i lived (when i read IL2 forum).but, i promess, it was already really frustrating for those i met as well ! lol- succesfull missions (and 100% accomplished) purely wasted in moment of countdown/update of player stats... i let u imagine how is it fun to live, and how u feel it, after great missions and great perfs inside... ^^ :/- some appcrashs here or there, linked, afaik, with instability of new DLCs and new updates of the game... without have more certitudes., but what is certain from my xp is: ""more u have DLCs, more the game move on, more it is instable !""i dont have BoK yet, but when i see all i experimented as troubles between BoS (who worked perfectly in Ultra 3D settings, all options on, etc) and BoM (who forced me to drasticly reduce my wishes about 3D level, and make it the game such more instable)... i really hesitate to buy next update...may let to devs next ~12months to fix what they can, and hope it will change my own case for a while next...? idk, i hope and i will see there. ^^ but obviously its far of a good point for the game, clearly !3) concerning ""air warfare"" and tactical intrest, it stay limited.even in full realistic options, even in MP (and as the way servers propose to fight all together), about scale of dogfights or maximum number of planes involved per mission, and also about tactical realism, etc... from my point of view, it stay pretty basic :/and so, limited compared with real environment of WW2 on eastern front or for players enjoying and wanting a more complex and more realistic (extended scale) tactical air-warfare of gameplay... (but impossible actually about pc ressources and fps rate, of course)...but yeah, i'll try to not be too rude anymore, lolall these bad xps waste a good part of personnal entertainment, or patience, or immersion to play with BoS but these bad points must not be the only thing to remember, i think...so, globaly, i'am very mixed between positive and negative opinion for BoS. :)i enjoyed 1946 during years, but when u have started IL2 BoS, difficult to enjoy 1946 as u did before, 3D level and realism (particulary concerning straffing, ground details, or bombing events) are trully better here/now in BoS and its hard to get back in 1946 for a part just because of that... its simply no more the same now, and 1946 looks basic in comparison !but in the same time, all these issues broken a significant part of my xp/fun to play with BoS since i bought BoM (without take count of huge patience needed to set everything, that i was ready to do it... but many players wouldnt or couldnt have patience for, i am definatly sure of that !).soooo... :/ (let stay on ""mixed advice"" globaly, its more simple to say)of course, beside that (lets be more positive for last chapter), it must not be forgotten:it stay one of 2or3major refs if u like true flight sims (for realism and challenging gameplay), no doubt about it !and its for sure the best graphical xp u could have in all existing flight sims concerning ""prop fighters and WW2""...(again, if you enjoy realism, mostly... arcade its different, there are many more games there, but its such more basic and few realist compared with BoS or DCS then it cant be compared together...but Il2 BoS can provide both styles, depending of options chosen by each players, wich is also a good point for this game, more different types of players can find what they want in BoS, wich is cool too)...but imo, compared with all other games dispo, and strictly in a realistic perspective, and also strictly about graphism environment (opposed to tactical realism as i said above): BoS is the best of all for prop fighters warfare on pc games already existing.CONCLUSION:if u are a fanatic of flight sims, u need BoS !definatly, its sure u'll enjoy it. (y) :)but in the same time, after some months of play, there are real frustrations and real dissapointments too.... :'((well, let's be honest here too: its the case for 99% of all games and all styles of games ! so, that can not be a argument vs BoS)globaly, i still recommend this game, of course...(even if mixed advice seems me much more closer of what i feel on the long term, but that doesnt change the fact then BoS worth positive recommendation without any doubt)BUT there still things to fix ! (that must not be minimized in judgment)..for that, like often as gamer, lets be patient and see with time... ^^"
,Recommended,307960,13247875,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,reiser,"*EDIT* 2017: Seems like either they got better dev's or they started to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥but this game is now awesome!  VR support, Triple Screen support, HOTAS support, multiple theaters (ish), plenty of aircraft now, several addons which are worth it.  I take it all back 777...  You deserve a standing ovation.*EDIT* 2015: When first reviewed, triple screen support wasn't available. it is now.2014: Arcadish style gameplay and extremely limited multiplayer, two planes for sale as DLC which aren't worth the money.  I wish I hadn't bought this!"
76561198010753264,Recommended,307960,27293656,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MeRaCL7,nice flight sim
76561198059743496,Recommended,307960,13012249,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ToeTag,"Casual simmer’s view:Updated review.A lot has changed since the initial review. The developers deserve a lot of credit for the game’s continuous improvements and excellent communication with the community.The game looks fantastic and now offers three regions, Stalingrad, Moscow, and the soon-to-be released Kuban area, which takes players from the mostly flat, relatively featureless plains and forests of the Russian interior to and brings the fight to an area with oceans and large hills. The new theater also presents elements of air-to-surface combat with the introduction of medium size surface combatants, submarines, and transports. The Moscow and Stalingrad areas are no longer restricted to snowy landscapes with other seasonal maps available for each.The game’s plane set continues to expand with a wide selection of aircraft ranging from fighters to medium bombers to transports. Most importantly the developers make frequent flight, weapons, and damage modeling adjustments based on newly discovered or reanalyzed data and flight testing. As with every flight simulation, armchair BOx pilots will continue to debate flight modeling until the sun blows up, but the developers’ willingness to tweak things is very encouraging as the game expands.The silly unlocks are thankfully long gone, but the base singleplayer campaign is still horrible. The missions remain incredibly formulaic and repetitive, and friendly AI is so bad that I don’t even bother to acknowledge my wingman or flight’s presence. The game will receive a new career mode that should improve the singleplayer experience to hopefully bring it up to par with the rest of the game’s improvements. As the simulation currently stands I’d give it an 8/10 with potential to go higher with AI and campaign improvements."
76561197973364689,Recommended,307960,17846873,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,:: Eric Cartman ::,has an unlimited lag road at the intro (where it shows a plane in the hanger) but overall best ww2 game ever!
76561198173170335,Recommended,307960,35508494,Posted: 5 October,all,Spitfire976,"This is the best WW2 fighter simulator in the market, though it's way too expensive. This is not a game of every one, but there's a fine game to see if this game is for you, War Thunder. If you like it, and wish to take the experience to the next level, this is the game for doing it.The value is questionable in the content departament, eight planes for 60 dollars or 19,99 dollars for a collector plane is hardly a good selling point, and the single player content is decent but not worth the full price. This game true selling point is the online content, despite having only a coupple of full servers, it's the most imersive fighter pilot experience you'll find. Like DCS, though at a much better value, you'll be paying a premium for the experience, so this should not be your first fighter simulator. But if you like the genre and ww2 combat this is a must buy.A word of warning if you buy outside steam, I'd recomend buying Battle of Stalingrad first, as it's planes are used on both Battle of Kuban and Battle of Moscow."
