user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198007695865,Recommended,308173,17938040,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ValkyrieMoon,"I have played alot of History Strategy games and I have to say this one is top notch, Best Hegemony yet!! I have enjoyed all the Hegemony games, this one adds different game difficulty levels, skills, upgrades, very interesting factions, great gameplay, and the game came to steam finished. It is not early access which I find rare these days, it is done very well. I am sure there will be more content, DLCs coming out. I am just loving this game I must say just great challenging fun."
76561198040246505,Recommended,308173,18344501,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,The Iron Warrior,"Hegemony III: Clash of the Ancients is a great improvement upon the last two historical real-time strategy games developed by Longbow Games. Although comparisons with the Total War series will undoubtedly be made, Hegemony III takes a somewhat different approach. Whilst military conquest and political domination are most definitely your ultimate goals, their successful execution requires a greater degree of planning and strategic foresight. Simply marching an army into the lands of a rival city-state and attempting to annex their territory will often not suffice and instead supply lines and the availability of recruits must be managed in order to gain victory. The production of foodstuffs and effective supply lines are also dependent on the seasons and these fluctuations can affect both the morale of your soldiers as well as the loyalty of subjugated cities, making stockpiling and forward bases a necessity. Newly conquered cities must therefore be colonised by your own citizens in order to secure their loyalty long term and large armies cannot be maintained in the field indefinitely without a burgeoning economy at home to sustain them. All of this combines to create a greater degree of in-game realism which I really like.The game features a sandbox campaign and a smaller tutorial campaign based in Etruria. The AI is solid and an improvement over Hegemony II, although diplomacy is still somewhat basic. The main campaign itself centres on Italia, Cisalpine Gaul and most of Magna Graecia during the 3rd-4th century BC and there are over 25 playable factions set across a number of ancient cultures including Etruscan, Gallic, Sabellic, Greek and Illyric. You can of course also play as the Latins (Rome).Personally, I am enjoying the game immensely so far and am hoping for future expansions to add in more unit variability and introduce the Punic (Carthaginian) culture into the game."
76561198011214317,Recommended,308173,17717049,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Nicht Schylli ;),"German/EnglishGerman: Patch 3.2 Let's Playhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qK5rSKKSIAo&feature=youtu.beIch habe damals Hegemony: Rome gespielt.Machen wirs kurz.Es war zu einfach.Die KI war schrecklich, abstürze immer und immer wieder. Es gab keine Herausforderung. Das bauen war zu einfach usw.Aber trotzdem habe ich mich gefreut als ich sah, das es eine Fortesetzung geben wird.Ich habe nicht viel erwartet.Aber nach knapp 2 Stunden anspielen kann ich bereits sagen.WOW!Die KI agiert um einiges besser.Ich habe am anfang etwas geschlafen und mich umgeklickt. 10 Minuten später standen Hopliten meinen Speerträgern gegenüber, meine Lager wurden geplündert und nebenbei meine Hauptstadt belagert.Und das ging die ganze Zeit so.Am Ende musste ich aufgeben. Ich hatte kein Gold mehr, meine Nahrung war im Minus. Es war Winter und alles geplündert und zerstört.Bis auf einen merkwürdigen Grafikfehler lief das Spiel problemlos.Eine kurze Übersicht über alles gute und schlechte was mir bislang aufgefallen ist:+bessere KI+schönere Karte+mehr Einheiten+Farmen können geupgradet werden+Städte können geupgradet werden+Skillsystem als nettes Gimmik+Mod support-manchmal Ruckler-Diplomatiesystem nach wie vor scheiße-KI agiert viel zu aggressiv auf normal-Mapfehler welches die Engine das komplette Spiel neuladen lässt-nicht ausgereiftes Transportsystem ( einige Bugs das Waren nicht transportiert werden ect. )-diverse Bugs im GameplayTrotz allem macht das Spiel deutlich deutlich mehr Spaß als der direkte Vorgänger Rome und ist bereits eine klare Kaufempfehlung.Wenn noch alle Bugs beseitigt werden, und nette neue Features hinzukommen wird das Spiel eine 90 + erreichen.Aktuell allerdings nur 82/100 da noch einige Probleme und Mankos vorhanden sind.English:Well, my english is not perfect but i will do my best ;)I played Hegemony: Rome. Not that much because the game was way way to easy, but i played it.I had some fun, but not more.The AI was Crap and the gameplay was boring.But when i saw, that they are going to make another Hegemony game, i was sure that i will buy it.So i started it today and after nearly 2 hours of gameplay i already can say....WOW!The AI is much better, much more aggressiv  and there are tons of new features.The AI♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me on normal and i surrendered after 2 hours, because i was looking around the first 15 Minutes instead of playing. Well that killed me :Ü. My Spearmen where helpless against the Hoplites and the Winter ruined my economy.Next time maybe, Next time^^So whats good and what not?+you can upgrade Citys+you can upgrade Farms, Mines....+way way better AI+more Features+more Units+Mod Support ( Finaly )+better Graphics+no DCs so far+Skilltree is a nice to have-some Graphic errors-AI way to aggressiv on normal ( its like they are cheating like♥♥♥♥♥♥)-Some Bugs ( Transport/Building )-Diplomacy is♥♥♥♥♥♥and when i say♥♥♥♥♥♥ i mean♥♥♥♥♥♥When they have fixed the little Problems and balanced the game more, maybe added some new cool stuff and released cool new Features with 2 - 3 DLCs ( i will pay for real DLCs, not for crap like Bannerman or stuff like that )the game can reach the 90 + score.But currently i will give a 82 out of 100. But if you liked Hegemony: Rome u will love Clash of the Ancients.Dont hate me if something was spelled wrong. Maybe correct me =)Best regards"
,Recommended,308173,18294924,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,clonakilty,"Let's get down to it    ->     Should you buy this game?Yes.Why?Here's where I'm comming from:I've mostly played strategy games for well over a decade now, mostly playing turn-based games like the Civ series, Total War series (Rome I, Empire, Rome II, Atilla), CKII, EUIV, and more recently the endless series and Galatic Civilizations III. Earlier I was into RTS more, first strategy game was Star Trek: Armada (and damn proud of it). Loved Celtic Kings, Rise of Nations, Age of Empires, and the like. Didn't get into star craft or command&comquor. Also really enjoyed the first Wargame pc game, Airland was okay, havent played china rising.>> You should buy this game if:- You are a fan of historical strategy games (duh) - specifically, you love the challenges that come with large scale strategy games.- You like the option of meticulously planning each move in turn-based games, yet find real-time to be a refreshing and different sort of challenge.>  For example, your a big fan of Total war, or perhaps even Endless Legend.>>  What I don't like about this game:-  There's a few graphical hicups, but it seems that the developers are on top of things with updates etc.- THE CAMERA:  One of the things that makes this game great is the scale, and how detailed gameplay-wise that scale is. One of the things that big scale entails, usually, is a large map - a big surface area for the tides of history to unfold on.  USUALLY, games with scale allow you to be able to SEE that scale by zooming out.  In Hegemony III, the 'graphical map' can only be viewed from what feels  claustrophobically close to the ground.Don't get me wrong, the seamless Strategic Map -> Graphical Map feature of this game is very lovable. But I wish.. no, its more than a wish.. it's really a NEED for this game in my opinion to be truely great instead of forgettable as soon as some other major title comes out... This game needs to allow the player to zoom out more - even just ONE or TWO more 'clicks' of the mouse wheel out would be PERFECT.I don't know anything about software or coding etc, but it seems like this would be a really simple change?Perhaps Modders can once again be our heroes and saviors. Rome II and Atilla suffered from constrained cameras, and with mods they became foundationally better experiences.### END ###_______________The above is all of course an opinion - what do you think about some of these things?"
76561198012536853,Recommended,308173,28938803,Posted: 2 January,all,[=Æ=] kingfish,"If you've read any of Julius Caesar's works, and thought to yourself,""This would make a great PC game, if they could simulate his experiences and challenges of command, from leading a couple legionaires in a skirmish/foraging mission, to planning your grand conquest, securing borders using the natural terrain including building fortifications and bridges, scouting to combat the fog of war, knowing your enemy intimately in his fighting style, but never quite knowing the man leading them, and understanding the absolute paramount importance of keeping your fighting men(#1), and your people(#2, hehe) well fed and paid, logistics, Logistics, LOGISTICS, et cetera,""then you've found your perfect game.If you haven't read Julius Caesar, you may still have found a great game for you. It will challenge you in ways other traditional RTS/Grand strategy games have not, unless you've played one of the previous installments. Hegemony II actually delivers on the ""Caesar in Gaul"" experience, while this one challenges you to unify Italy as one of many city states dotting the penninsula. If you buy one, get this one. If you're as much of a history dork as I am, you'll probably buy Hegemony games until they stop making them, but this is the most polished of the three, and has some nice added features, while sticking to its core concepts well.Why write a review that sounds like a book review? I think of Caesar constantly while playing this game. You make the same type of choices he had to make, that Alexander the Great had to make, that Hannibal Barca had to make.How big is my army?How long can I keep feeding them until the food runs out? Where can I move this monster? How much gold do I have access to? Who can I tax? Who can I force to deliver food? Who needs convincing? Who refuses to allow me what I am due as clearly the most powerful tiny city state in this land?How big is my army?I need morefarmers.My army is hungry and winter is coming. The Sabine women will do just fine. This city is crowded. I need to expand. Who are those jerks dressed in yellow in a huge fleet off my coast? I wonder how many farms they have? Wait, they're seafaring, I bet they have a lot of fisheries. Food's food. That'll work. But now I need labor. Hmmm... Good thing I enslaved half their army by running the cowards down. Get to work. Wait a minute, who is that marching into my northern border?How big is my army?I should put a fort there with some cavalry to run down more uh...miners.And I'll need somelumberersfor the wood I'll need. Who else is on my border that can be raided? Hmmm... I wonder if I could conquer those guys outright?How big is my army?I did it. The Sabine fools will never lift a sword against me again. But I might have campaigned a little too long into the winter. I thought I would capture more food in the cities, but I guess some of those sieges took longer than anticipated. I might have over extended. Some of these cities are unhappy. Maybe if I take hostages from the local noble's children and raise them in Rome, they'll calm down. They still don't seem happy about having all their food taken to feed my troops and starving as part of the mightyRoman Empire.They're rebelling. I'm keeping the hostages alive. They may be useful later.How big is my army?"
76561198005404224,Recommended,308173,17716712,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Phalnax811,"With about 20 hours in, I still fully recommend this game.  I do declare that this game is harder to play than Hegemony Rome.EDIT: So once you get a few hours under your belt, the game becomes pretty easy and you can steamroll across the map.  Which isn't a bad thing - that's how most RTS games work if you're good at it.  Many people are saying this game is very hard and there is no info on how to play. Well that is BS. There is a comprehensive in-game manual and when I was new to Hegemony Rome, it took but a few hours to get a hang of it. I don't know why people expect to be pros at a game right from the start.  End rant.Quick list of pros/cons:PROS:+Huge a** map. Like dayum.+Awesome attention to detail even on lowish settings.+Good faction diversity and unit diversity+Ability to assimilate populaces into your own. (In Heg Rome you could only recruit Roman Legionnaires in Roman cities.  This makes the long game a bit of a challenge if you're going for a master race. It's possible in this game! Yay!)+Tech Tree which is very extensive and will buff your economy and military in the long haul.+AI is much better. I figured I'd try a normal game at first (instead of Casual) and had to abandon for the easier setting until I get the hang of the game.  Currently playing an Expert game and its going well/smooth and the AI still attacks me fairly often and en force.  EDIT: Raiders have been tended to in the first patch, post-release. Seems okay.+Farms, Vineyards, Mines etc, can all be individually upgraded for more resource output - new feature.+City stances - Economic, Defensive, etc. Neat!+Starting General can be customized to give either city or combat bonuses.+Slave marketCONS:-A bit slow performance-wise. Could just be the huge a** map kicking my PC's butt. I exceed the requirements by a little.  Mouse movement is a bit clunky at times forcing me to pause and give orders; I don't like pausing to give orders as I feel that is cheating.-Brigade size cannot be increased via officers like how you could in Heg Rome; at least the tooltips don't say they can. That's not cool. I liked massive brigades of soldiers.-I wish Sandbox's settings could be customized a smidge more: like turn off objectives or turn off sea raiders.  Maybe there will be future options via updates (barring the use of the map editor).(Raiders removed as a con - I see no issue with them thanks to the first patch)So far, 9/10.(I gave Heg: Rome an 8.5/10)[Will update review if necessary]"
76561198088718734,Not Recommended,308173,32098897,Posted: 31 May,all,Vandal,"I love the series. Don't get me wrong.I bought the game because Gold was the game that introduced me to strategy, which means I have fuzzier memories of it than even Total War. I loved the gameplay, and it sure as h*ck felt like I was achieving something when I stared across the Kingdom of Macedon.But it seems that the further I get into this, the more repetitive it becomes. I like resource-management RTS much as the next man, but there's only so much you can do with it. The strategy is pretty simple: have expensive units. That's all. There really isn't too much to it, hard as they try. I like that they focused on it -- quartermasters win wars, after all -- but logistics has to be the glue that holds the game together, not the entire substance of it.The combat is simplistic, and not in a good way. I have always been an advocate of simple and complex UI and strategy (respectively), but they seem to have missed out on the complex strategy part. All you have to do is apply your nation's resources at the right points and voila, you've conquered half of Italy. The main challenge is mustering the energy to slog up to that damn castle and starve it out. Although I have to admit that any game where you can starve out the enemy is a game that does logistics rite.I personally would buy the game again if I had the chance, but I don't really recommend it unless you're as easily entertained as I.Cheers."
76561198117221161,Recommended,308173,17737920,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Philippe_at_bay,"This game could be described as Slitherine's Legion on steroids.Having said that, the game system is much better by far than Legion ever was.Not surprisingly, it uses essentially the same mechanics as Hegemony I and II.Hegemony III is a semi-historical sandbox of Italy before the Roman conquest.  It has a lot of historical flavor elements that come into play, but you can pick your favorite obscure Italic tribe and try to see if you can do better than the Romans.The game is semi-historical because it telescopes several hundred years of development into a few game years.  This is a good thing: if you've read Livy, you wouldn't want to fight the same war for one village year after year over and over again until you finally win.  And if you've read Livy you also know that armies weren't mobilized and kept in the field according to Hegemony mechanics.  You raised everything at the start of the year after you had finished planting your troops, and you didn't raise anything else unless there was a real emergency.  Emergency troops would usually stand down after the crisis was over, and in any case everybody would go home before the fall harvest season.  Nothing ever happened in late fall, winter, or before late spring.Just to be clear, Hegemony III takes place long before the First Punic War, so you won't be invading Sicily or encountering Carthaginians.  But if you've read Livy, the game is the perfect vehicle for refighting your own version of the Samnite Wars.The only other game out there that makes a serious attempt (a very serious attempt) at presenting the Samnite Wars is Ageod's Birth of Rome expansion for Alea Jacta Est.I like the ceramic art-inspired graphics, but people who aren't familiar with the conventions of ancient vase painting may find it takes a little getting used to at first.I've been playing the game during the first week of release, so entirely without benefit of post-launch patches.  While I'm sure that there's a thing or two that will get tinkered with down the road, I haven't encountered any game-stopping major bugs.  I say that in the context of playing a couple of games (which will remain nameless) a year or two after release that are still riddled with bugs.  The core system was hammered out in the first two games, so all that is probably going to be needed here is some fine tuning."
76561198051235600,Recommended,308173,17744495,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Azer Ahac,"8/10Pro:- Nice strategy part- A lot of different factions to choose- Weather+day/night changing- Things are very detailed- Diplomacy ways available- Skill tree for soldierscontra:- Just a few bugs- combat and transport needs to be optimized- AI needs to be smarter in siegeStatement:The few things which aren't fixed yet, will be fixed soon as i think.There are way more pro points than contra. Even if i didnt mention all of them..."
76561198021361243,Recommended,308173,22518589,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Zirgantz,"Apparently my name is Apollodorios. I am the leader of a greek city-state located in southern Italy (modern day Calabria), Rhegion, and I have been her most devoted servant for ten years now. As I sit back and relax in the cool shade of the arcades of the temple, listening to philosophers debate the nature of poetry while watching greased, naked men wrestle in the sun and sipping on a fresh pint of olive oil (as a greek, I enjoy doing greek things), I'm taking a moment to contemplate how far we have come.Victory is soon to be mine now. Rhegion rules over all of Calabria. I have sent my generals north and they have left a trail of crows and blood in their wake. The swift conquests of the first years, when our armies would wash over our foes and capture city after city like waves upon so much sand castles, are over. Our enemies have entrenched themselves in stone citadels and forced us to siege warfare. It's Troy all over again, and again we would prevail. After a year of careful preparations, obsolete troops have been retrained, siege engines and camps have been built, trade routes have been redesigned, and ungodly amounts of food have been stockpiled. An army marches on its belly, and I know now that woe betide the general that lets it go hungry.Once everything was in place, I gave orders, and Periphraktes, my best general, began the siege. Bronze-gleaming lines of hoplites surrounded the walls of the citadel, while catapults rained a hail of death upon the defenders. Those were sitting on a big pile of food, but with me blockading all their trade routes, they eventually ran out. They fought with the furious, wild desperation of a trapped beast, but starvation eventually broke them, and the exhausted survivors raised the white flag and opened the door of the city to us, begging for mercy. We slayed the men and the old, enslaved the women and the children, razed the city to the ground, salted their fields and then sued them for peace in exchange for an obscene amount of money. Vae victis.Although not a man of war myself, I have not been idle at all. A learned man, I have spent the first part of my reign researching new technologies to give Rhegion an edge, and governing the capital city. The early years were a time of tireless campaigning which poured a lot of the kingdom's blood into War's gaping maw. Troops wavered and deserted. Cities experienced harsh winters and shortages of supplies, and as a consequence rebellions broke out, which I had to crush mercilessly for our new possessions to remain ours. We were victorious, but exhausted. We needed peace. The second part of my reign had begun.I set out across the kingdom, wandering from city to city, drawing new trade routes where old ones had become redundant, building bridges, fortifying the frontiers, and undertaking renovation projects on a large scale. The old days of constant war where a city was but barracks and a wall were long over. Slowly but steadily, the people we conquered had adopted the greek culture. The foes of old had become trusted friends, and garrisonning troops everywhere to prevent unrest was no longer necessary. Soldiers returned to civilian life as the barracks and stables of the early years were destroyed. In their stead, I built forums, markets, ports, sewers, warehouses, libraries, monuments. Rhegion soon achieved cultural hegemony : our cities are now a sight to behold, places of culture and learning, sprawling, bustling, glittering with gold ; twenty shiny gems dotting Italy's foot.Maritime hegemony was ours too. We had become rich and prosperous enough that buying more ships than the rest of our concurrents combined was but a trifle. And then, at long last, after years of peace and prosperity, economic hegemony came too. Our fields grow tall, our mines run deep, our vineyards are heavy with grapes rife with trapped sunlight. We are the envy of the world. Truly, Rhegion had blossomed into the most resplendent flower on this land of dust and gold and glory.Nothing could stop us. Victory is mine. As a messenger brought news to me that I had unlocked a new Steam achievement, ""Magna Magna Graecia"", I finished my pint and gazed upon the sea with a satisfied heart. Victory has a sweet, sweet taste of olive oil."
76561198061442162,Recommended,308173,27616115,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wenchbane,"'I thought this game was cool before it won an award!'I'll update this review as the game gets updated and the DLC are released.Hegemony 3 is the crown of the Hegemony series where Phillip of Macedon/Wars of Ancient Greece is one of the gems encrusted. This is the game that gamers who are new to the series will probably jump in and try first and that is a good thing.I was pleasantly surprised at how the game launched and has been progressing ever since. The moment to moment gameplay is engaging and quite fun especially in the 3.2 version. Combat is quite tactical and there are often times decisive strategies available.Factions and their units are diverse with their own set of bonus/malus along with starting positions. Of note is all the historical tidbits just a few clicks through city management/unit screens and the convinient help menu.The game is seamless with one loading screen from faction selection to actual gameplay. Different modes to start from (and more coming in The Eagle King DLC which is releasing holiday time). and while there are no actual historic campaigns to follow there are quests that occasionally pop up and the main hegemony objectives to pursue through a sandbox.EDIT: Eagle King has released and it lives up to the hype, Total reworks of existing mechanics in the form of naval combat/gameplay and diplomatic options with allies via military access. Mercenaries got some love with quite a few Pyrrhic war themed units available which are stronger and more specialised than their standard counterparts.The Eagle King campaign is open and totally free from the get-go, plenty of options in how to play out that era. There's also a semi-campaign sandbox with the invader factions. Unique start which allows you to decide where you want to start while having a limited starting force. All in all a good addition to the main game and I highly reccomend it!Empire management is where the Hegemony series shines, especially this installment after the 3.2 update where you'll be managing and leveraging all your reasources and manpower to lead your fledgling tribe/city state of ancient Italy to a veritable ancient world superpower. You plan out your supply routes and ensure units and cities are supplied all the while moving your armies up to the fronts and fortifying vital strong points. It's always a joy to watch the game unfold and have your empire spread across the map.The graphics are a major step up. While the zoomed out view still gives off a quasi-boardgameesque vibe the map is drawn beautifully under it in a black figure vase style. All the menu and unit portraits are presented the same way. The zoomed in view is very detailed and vibrant. Units are resplendid in their faction colours and uniforms and each are distinct to their culture group.Overall the game presents it's chosen time period and content to an authentic finish and it just keeps getting better!Here's to Longbow on developing and improving Hegemony 3 and the series as a whole for all the years to come!"
,Recommended,308173,22739874,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,@GAiNZvsGAMES,"well what can I say, having played the past versions of this game (hegemony:philip of macadon & hegemony: Gold) I am VERY happy with this new installment to the series.pros:great unit management optionstons of upgradessteam workshop compatible for modding from fans (and devs)great communication from the dev team - if you have a problem they respond to you on the forums (down to the point of fixing a savedgame should it become incompatible because of an update)tons of replay ability, where everygame is completely differentcons:To be honest, sat here at my pc im finding it difficult to think of some cons in this really depreciated genre, but here goes....although it wasnt something in the past titles I feel the lack of a Multiplayer to be somewhat disappointing. (would be awesome to starve my friends only then to enslave them and send them to the mines)no way to speed up time in the game, although this probably wouldnt be wanted late game but the option would be great none the lessI feel that for a newer player this game still has a sharp learning curve in regards to resource management, this could be rather off putitng to many players initially.just my 2 cents, now im off to silently await on some raiders so that I can ambush them and put to more use in my mines.have fun."
76561198008177485,Recommended,308173,18100837,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,raventhru,"The game is interesting enough although maybe it could have a few things added to it. The graphics are nice although a sluggish at times. Game-play is OK but having attacking tribes constantly harrassing you as you are trying to gather supplies can be become bothersome.Also, it seems that you are to be able to do battle against attackers in two or three or more (?) locations all at the same time. The only way to be effective and move your troops around is to pause the game, move to the other location to arrange your troops and so on. Then, when you un-pause the game, you can only view one battle while the other(s) are also taking place. This makes you play for a few seconds, pause the game again, move the camera to another battle to see how it is progressing and bounce around the map.I understand that this may be how things actually would happen in the real world but for the sake of game-play, the USER needs some downtime to grow, gather and assess his world and plans.Patience is required while playing. The best advise that I can give to a new player is go slow! Don't try and go to far to fast. Build yourself up with supplies, knowledge, upgrades to buildings and your military. Make sure that you add a general to one of you military units and give units upgrades after battles if they can receive them.Upgrades to your cities generates income. Operating a mine or winery generates income. You NEED to have food and lumber and these cost money to operate. Pause the map and look around. Plan what you are doing and then do it.Good luck!"
,Recommended,308173,17719609,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"Fun game, just like the originals. Lots of different factions to choose from and an amazing Map Editor. What's even better? You get upgrades, 3 different research trees and the battles are larger and more diverse than ever before. The challenging AI is also back and don't worry, even the casual AI will have you securing your borders or facing constant raids from all sides.However, the game needs a decent amount of polish before it is completely done. For example, there are quite a few textures that seem messed up, from the regular citizens in your cities to the generals of your armies. Also, the animations seem particularly disjointed in this iteration of Hegemony. I also notice that skirmishers charge while in formation whereas in previous games they would just lob spears/rocks/etc from a distance while allow other units in the formation to engage. This can prove incredibly frustrating as your units will suicide charge melee infantry if not ordered on an individual basis.If these basic issues can be ironed out, I believe this might be the best Hegemony game of them all! I especially can't wait to see what mods and maps people create for the game.Short Review and Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGeeW1THDX8"
,Recommended,308173,17797790,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Atlas,"The lastest release in the Hegemony Series. I have been a long time fan of this Strategy series and Longbow games for the mechanics they use to abstract logistics and supplies for ancient warfare. As anyone could tell you, an army marches on its stomach and nearly every other strategy game on the market completely ignores this very important concept.This is their most polished and full-featured Hegemony game and allows for you to customize each unit and city to your liking: want to build a stone wall on that key border city? Set up market places for your economy in your inner cities, and barracks and stables on your front line forts? You make all the key decisions as your little fiefdom sprawls out from your starting city.The AI puts up a very competitive fight--especially in the beginning when you have few units and are struggling against bankruptcy. The AI factions often raid cities that you just sieged so you will need to maintain Quick Reactionary Forces at intervals, even well  within your front lines.Units themselves gain XP and allow you to pick from an RPG-like ability tree, so you can customize each type of unit in your army. When a unit is destroyed it doesnt disappear from the game, it is crushed to 0/XX recruits and retreats back to its 'Home' city to be conscripted with new recruits. However, you get to keep all the upgrades you have made to the unit.I have not had any bugs or crashes -- I started playing after the first patch was released and fortunately it seems to have solved most/all of the issues that other reviewers have mentioned on their Day 1 reviewsFantastic Game, Fantastic Series, Can't wait for more content and development!"
76561198009643878,Recommended,308173,20157588,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Knight Lazarus,"I thought the Total War franchise was good, until I tried this.Pros-No loading screen between tactical and strategic view, so you can immediately command troops by zooming in.-AI is difficult on normal. It actually seems like AI is intelligent. It's not cheating or getting non-player bonuses, except that it starts with all native cities, regardless of whether the player does or not.-Raiders and enemies alike will mercilessly invade and pillage your lands, so there is a point to building defenses IE fortifying rivercrossing, border towns, camps and coastal ports.-There are limitations to resources, so you have to carefully decide how to spend your resources.-If you run out of a resource, then the consequences can be harsh. You get punished for overextending yourself or improperly investing what you have.-The UI is well thoughout and adds to the immersion of the game.-Very active developers. The dev team is currently doing a map-building tutorial series on the Greek peninsula. Once they are finished, they promise to release it as a mod campaign!Cons-Only replayability is in starting as a different faction, but the campaign map is very open-worldish, so you can try different strategies the next time your play. It may get repetitive after you have won the campaign the first time. The game needs more scenarios. I don't care if it's DLC or playermade, but the game needs Scandanavian, Russian, Brittania, Iberian, North African, Middle East, Greece, Macedonian (think Alexander), Asia Minor, Mongols (think Gengis Khan), Far East Asia, and Native American scenarios complete with there own style of units, technology and buildings. I want more, haha!-Some issues with commanding and pathfinding the troops. Minor, but the game needs tools to adjust the width and length of formations, like in Total War. The player can move the individual units to change the formation, but it gets a little repetitive and tedious.-No multiplayer.-The game is merciless, so children are advised to stay away. :-)Definitely worth the $15 winter sale price."
76561198090336857,Recommended,308173,23841331,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Doke,"This is a brilliant and gorgeous game. The main issue is that it has a pretty steep learning curve, but if you want a strategy game that challenges you in different ways than most 4x games, which seem happy to hit 'end turn' until the heat death of the universe, this is a good place to start. Don't be fooled by Total War comparisons: the tactical battles are pretty good, but what makes the game excellent is the way they tie into logistic and geographic considerations. Chokepoints and limited supplies and mean that doomstacks simply do not work here and battles always require thought.If you like quirky strategy games like Paradox games, Star Ruler or AI War, I strongly recommend you give this a go. Also, try the beta branch (3.2), which currently adds some extra goodies and QoL changes."
76561198219529824,Recommended,308173,29967722,Posted: 16 February,all,Thrax,"Really intricate and micromanagement heavy game. If you loved the first hegemony, which I think would be a better start, then this game isn't to far off in terms of the learning curve. The first game I remember took a while to get the hang of but the challenge was what always brought me back. If your into the satisfication of having and organized empire with real frontiers that require real time consuming managment, developing trade routes, and an intense logistic system try it out. The grand strategy of it and the real time ability to control single units make it fun for me."
76561198087378353,Recommended,308173,24887992,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,MRFlackAttack,Longbow Games are the unsung heroes of Historical RTS games. The Hegemony series finds a middle ground between the Grand Stratergy games of Paradox and the Turn Based/Real Time Stratergy of Creative Assembly. Start with Hegemony Gold Edition and work your way up to Hegemony III is my advice.Please tell your friends about this game too. I feel that with just a little more recognition Longbow Games and Hegemony could really take off.
,Recommended,308173,34070391,Posted: 6 August,all,Caotico09,"Hegemony III is an interesting game. Best described as a mixture of RTS and survival (think Banished). I am recommending this game, but it is no shape perfect. You start off with one city and one unit. Your goal is to gain resources to build up an army while surviving the winter. You use the army to capture cities, which you then need more resources to sustain. The game is played on a static map of Italy.Positives:+ Winter Cycle (No food production, heavy sea storms) makes for interesting game play. Economics are something you have to continually upgrade. You cant just expand heavily and neglect them, or you are screwed.+ Morale system creates interesting battles especially with 5+ units. Units have morale, it basically acts as a penalty in 4 cases: 1) Unit runs out of food (sieges broken both ways), 2) Unit isnt getting paid, 3) Unit is flanked (allows weak units to beat heavily armored unit), 4) Unit has lost men or has been forced to 'fast' march.+ Recruitment limits. Units dont die. They just run out of men and respawn in the city of origin. However, cities have very low recruitment rates, which means that losing men is especially dangerous even through they respawn. Luckily cities get big recruitment boosts as they level up. This limits Vertical gameplay however as more cities = more resources = more units.Negatives:- Game plays slllooow. Especially early on until you learn how to quickly expand. Your first game you may get 10 hours in and notice that you have only taken 1/5 t0 1/4 of the map/- 1 map. This limits replayability. The fairly consistent 'canyon' terrain quickly becomes boring. It would be interesting to try other types. Or have randomly generated terrain.- Limited units. The basic units are only good as garrisons. Basically you hurry and get Hoplites. Late game you get Swordsmen. Thats 2 usefull units. Archers/Cavalry are only usefull in specific circumastances and to capture resource buildings. A game based on conquest shouldnt focus 10+ hours of play around 2 units. Note: Archers are the best way to siege Stone Walls.- Diplomacy doesnt exist. You can war/peace with any faction at any time.- Different factions dont play very differently. Greeks/Latins have Hoplites from start. Sabellic have ranged Swordsmen. One of the others has archers. That is about the range of the differences.Existing Bugs:- Changing ships to skirmish mode is an immediate CTD.- Connections only update on Diplomatic changes and Load Game. This means that you are constantly deleting the lines that it said you needed a minute ago, or you load the game to see that you have been wasting ~50 gold per turn."
76561198019599257,Recommended,308173,21644432,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mr_Darkmane,"I normally like economic/strategy games. Turn based games are more my thing. But I've finally found an RTS I enjoy.(For summary see end)Why I like it:1) Battles don't have loads of units and so are much easier to manage. You can't auto calculate combat (which I tend to do in other games) but it's so easy that it's not an issue.2) Attrition is what wins wars. Losses suffered by units are replaced from a pool of recruits from the unit's home city. So fight carefully, so ensure enemy loses more troops than you. Once they run out of recruits in the unit's home city, the unit will not be able to replenish losses and will quickly crumble.3) The city building aspect is very enjoyable. You have lots of things to choose from but a limited number of slots in which to place buildings (number of slots are based on a city's size).4) Diplomacy is simple but works well. It's essentially Peace (where one side pays the other) or War, where you can attack each other.5) I enjoy enslaving my enemies' defeated units and sending them to work in my mines. Capturing cities also give you slaves. You can even buy and sell slaves. Slavery is a key aspect to the economy. Who knew slavery was so much fun! (Well, at least for the slaver).In short, if you like detailed war games then this isn't for you. But if you like the economic aspect of war, and city building, then I can definitely recommend this game for you.Edit 17/09/2016:The developers reworked how rebels spawn. This has made the game a lot more fun as there's less micromanagement. And it's also good to see that the developers are still taking the time to improve the game.Explanation of new rebel system:Originally, rebels spawned in remote places, away from units. You had to divert your armies to fight them. This added a nice challenge as you had to maintain your existing territory whilst conquering more. This was fun if you had a small empire. However, it got tedious once you controlled more territory.Now rebels only spawn when your citizens are unhappy. So most of the time you don't need to worry about them spawning. This removed a lot of micromanagement and I can now manage a big empire easily.Rebels will only be an issue if:- you raise taxes too high (eg someone attacked you and you need to pay for more troops)- try to raise too many recruits in your cities- if you cannot feed your cities (eg enemy raided your farms or moved onto a supply route), or- you have to move troops out of the city (eg to attack raiders, invade someone's territory etc.)For each city, you balance the tax rate/food consumption/manpower recruitment using sliders, to avoid unrest. This adds depth as it ties city management to empire management. The change also added depth to the game as you can cause enemies to have to deal with rebels by causing the above to happen to their cities.So to summarise this change to the rebel system is great as it removes micromanagement and also adds depth to the game in a realistic manner."
,Recommended,308173,18810754,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Raied,"Just like the previous Hegemony games, Hegemony 3 has brilliant concept of evolved RTS game with all it is innovation in supply line/ economy management and the seamless map zooming. Hegemony 3 is a better game than its predecessors in almost everything, better graphics, better battle system, big terrain and truly reflects the ancient time in Italian peninsula.Strategy and decision making are very important in this game, and all depends on the simple yet cool diplomacy system the game has, the weather and climate effect on economy and warfare and also the fortifying options on the terrain. The game give you sense of satisfaction and achievement once you beat a faction or expand further, yet at the same time it is not easy to maintain a larger empire.The only con I have with Hegemony 3 is the camera zooming smoothness, it is not as good as the first game, but hope the developers can make it better.If you like the previous games get this one immediately, but if you are new to the series, please download the demo of the first Hegemony game: Hegemony Gold, it has the same concept but with lower graphics and less contents."
,Recommended,308173,29682210,Posted: 3 February,all,DirtyDan_151,"The Good:- Interesting mix of economy and military; definitely much harder than Total War series- Requires great strategy... as you expand your empire, it becomes harder and harder for your heavy units to get around the map to deal with threats in a respectable time. You must maintain local garrisons around your empire to maintain public order and deal with slave revolts.- HUGE map. I've played for six hours on one campaign, I've conquered about 7 cities and I barely control just a tiny fraction of Italy- Frustrating, but realistic winters... food production tanks in the winter, forcing your cities to survive off of stored food- Interesting cultures... different cultures have different advantages over their counterparts- Un/Pauseable at any time - it allows you to evaluate your economy/empire without having to worry about an enemy army wiping you off the planet while you were gone- Bar at the top helps you locate economy buildings that are understaffed, or idle workers/slavesThe Bad:- Tutorial is very vague. I had to learn the game by watching ""Let's Play"" videos on YouTube- Rebels eventually become unrealistically strong (although there's a mod to fix this)- Diplomacy is almost nonexistant. There's basically two aspects to diplomacy: either you're at war with someone, or you're not- Factions suddenly have ""Aggressive rulers"" that randomly go to war with you - unprovoked- Recruit (needed to replenish fallen soldiers and form new units) replacement rate is VERY slow- Cities are only allowed a limited amount of buildings- Poor unit variety- Poor conflict animations... it's basically a bunch of dudes standing straight up poking each other with sticks- Harsh on beginners... ""Novice"" difficulty is pretty difficult to play on.Overall: a very underrated and underplayed game. Hegemony 3 is arguably the best balance of economy and military. It has room for improvement, but I think this game is a steal when it's 75% off. I wish this game had a larger community and more videos on YouTube on how to manage larger empires. This isn't the game's fault, but at the moment it seems all of the YouTube videos about this game are people playing it for the first time."
76561198009060543,Recommended,308173,17844239,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dekeyon,"This is my first Hegemony experience, and I have to say this game is a pleasent surprize.   To be fair there are still a few things that need to be worked out, but the developers take everything into account, from supply lines, and logistics, to upkeep and maintenance of buildings, and of course feeding your growing army.+ A well thought out economic structure forces you to pay attention to the details of maintaing your army and the supply lines that feed your empire.+ Raiders and pirates frequently attack making it challenging to protect your resources, and the civilian population.- The Diplomacy is a bit enemic, but sufficient.+ The AI is smart enough to flank you, and the raiders have powerful units, forcing you to use tactics to defeat them.+ The 6 factions, Latin, Sebilic, Greek, Gaul, Etruscan and Illiryan have some similar units, and some unique units, offering diverse game play.( I have seen complaints about the units, but it's Italy, not Greece.  Just about everyone had some kind of spear units, and Hopplites were used by everyone, until Rome changed the way wars were fought.   There is a diversity of unit types and play styles.  Gaul has more calvary options, and archers.  Illiryans have srtong Infantry and Mounted Javelins, Greeks start being able to train Hopplites, while other factions need to have a Baracks upgrade first, Etruscan has axe men and so forth.  So enough about there not being a good mix of units)- The city building of the AI needs work, and the AI in general could use a bit of a tweek. But lets be honest, it's AI....if you want a real Challenge play another Person...which reminds me- No multiplayer...yet- Just out of Beta, but there are still numerous minor bugs and crashes.  I am sure there are patches to follow.Over all this is definitly worth the experience.  It still has some teathing problems, but it doesn't take away from the fine work and thought that went into this game.  Hegemony has to be one of the most under rated games I have ever seen.  If they could do this on a scale that covers the entire European theater in the time of Rome, that would be epic!Great Game, passs it on!!"
76561198051316142,Recommended,308173,18928368,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,SGZ***71,"Wow. What an addictive game!   I've been looking for an alternative to the Total War games for a while now and  played a little of Hegemony Rome early access.   It had great potential which I'm happy to see is being realised in H3.   Unlike the recent TW titles   this game has a refreshing  simplicity of concept and mechanics   but at the same time a great depth in gameplay, empire development, unit specialistaion etc.   It has nice differenes  in cosmetics  between the 5 or so different cultures.  It has NO painful turn times as its all real time with pause as needed.  It has a map editor which is infinetely easier to use than the broken one with Attila TW.  It has steam workshop  with a few nice mods already.   It has the whisper od DLC   with more cultures like Carthage or Persia.     All in all its a tone of fun now and will keep on getting better.    I say buy it !"
76561198183261162,Recommended,308173,32447016,Posted: 15 June,all,FastErik7,"Overall, its a great game in its own niche.I really like the historical accuracy, and how unique and different each faction tree is. Each group has a different playstyle and strategy, and although micromanagement can be a hassle sometimes, it really just comes down to having all borders protected at all times so you can't compromise the defenses of one side to add to the other. I really like how you control each regiment individually, which adds more depth and strategy, although the only problem I have is the AI's (lack of) intelligence."
76561198007033308,Recommended,308173,30271086,Posted: 1 March,all,sandman2575,"The entire Hegemony franchise -- starting with Philip of Macedon through Rome: Rise of Caesar to Clash of the Ancients -- is sadly underappreciated, and it's hard to understand why. These are outstanding strategy games. If you enjoy Total War (I for one do; TW Rome II *eventually* turned into an excellent game with extensive patching), you absolutley should give Hegemony a try. The tactical combat is obviously less involved than Total War, but the strategic side is arguably deeper, with emphasis on things like logistics, change of seasons etc. The seamless transition between the strategic 'panned out map' view and the tactical 'zoomed in' view is lovely, and something TW doesn't offer. Makes for very fluid gameplay.The Hegemony games seem to go on sale pretty regularly, and even at the full $30 price, they are *well* worth it (half the price of a AAA title, but in my opinion, every bit as polished than the big offerings of big studios). If you're interested in ancient world warfare. whether titles like AGEOD's Alea Jacta Est or CA's Total War Rome, do yourself a favor and take a chance on Hegemony. These are hidden gems of strategy gaming."
,Recommended,308173,30857413,Posted: 31 March,all,♥ Yang Xiao Long ♥,What I expected: Poor Man's Praetorians with a mix of Age of Empires.What I got: What Rome 2 Total War should have been.
76561198009666509,Recommended,308173,17746373,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Mycalle,"This is my first foray into the hegemony series, however a lot of the game mechanics in Clash of the ancients are similar to ones ive played in the total war series, and civ series respectively.  The game has a great amount of depth and i love the immersion of spreading your fledgling colony throughout the ancient world. Proper planning and preparation are key when you expand beyond your city area, you need to keep troops supplied with food, logistics really matter and add a level of tactical gameplay missing form the Total war/civ series. If you push too far into unexplored regions without decent supplies (making sure to protect your supply routes too!), it will usually end rather badly for your expedition forces.Really love the city building aspect of this game to, well maybe building is the wrong word...perhaps upgrading lol. All building types have numerous upgrades as do all unit types which add further layers of strategy and versatility to building your empire. Raiding is serious business maybe a little to serious as the raids from barbarians and other factions can become a full time job to deal with. Granted i made some major mistakes on my first playthrough by not setting up proper defenses on the exterior areas of my growing territory due to not building proper forts, more specifically proper upgrades to deal with constant raiding parties. If the raiders get through they do serious damage to your farms, mines, and other buildings which you need to maintain income and resources to fuel your further expansion and empire.There's also a tactical well fleshed out combat system, quests, and many other things which i just have not played enough of the game yet to really grasp, I might make another review after ive played more of the game.So my initial impressions of the Hegemony, if you like strategy games with a decent amount of depth and complexity, dont mind a pretty steep learning curve/proper tutorial, enjoy micromanaging... and a love for all things Classical antiquity, then i think i can safely recommend this game to you!!!P.S.  I also want to mention i think this game has alot of potential to be even better then what ive already seen like adding sicily, carthage and other areas to the map. The modding tools available will give modders alot of options to make even more improvements and new content as well!!!."
,Recommended,308173,23918908,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ersatz,"Great game satisfying a niche in the historical strategy genre that other games like the total war series or paradox grand strategies don't quite fill. While you can control individual units to do ambushes and simple flanking maneuvers, this game's main focus is on campaign strategy rather than battle tactics. The strategical questions you'll be confronted with range from ""Can this enemy city be taken before my army runs out of food?"" ""How many units can I assemble at this city for an upcoming campaign without draining the city of all its food?"" ""Will expanding in this direction actually pay off in money and resources, or will it cost me more to adequately feed and defend it?""The fact that it's all in real-time also makes waging war feel more seemless and realistic compared to turn-based games, as it makes the occurrence of field battles, hit-and-run raiding, and sieges all feel very organic."
76561198071384732,Recommended,308173,17980370,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Stacks,"some of these reviews baffle me. i've played it for a good few hours and i found it to be roughly no less buggy than a finished hegemony II, the artwork is beautiful and the gameplay is far far better than it's predecessor.the different cultures also feel more diverse and the graphics are prettier, the game also has a map editor.the only downside i found though is at the moment the etruscan axeman and the sabellic javelineer's (i think the illyric culture also has javelineer's too) seemingly don't ever use their ranged weapon, even in the 'ranged support' which is a bummer though probably patchable.oh, and despite people complaining about a lack of ai i personally believe it is an improvement over hegemony 2, as enemies commonly harass my borders raiding farms and the like, only to retreat into their own lands, and seem to regularly try to encircle you in battle."
,Recommended,308173,28262332,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Raistlain,"This is one of the best strategy games I have ever played. It is extremely historically accurate, well balanced, and all around polished. It has incredible logistics systems, great combat, and the balance has become remarkably good followingthe updates. It is one of my favorite games and worth way more than every penny you would spend on it.Definitely pick it up, you will not regret it."
76561197978673857,Recommended,308173,27605586,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lesardah,"I loved this game at release, but the dang developers just keep improving it in VERY big ways. This inevitably causes another 20+ hour foray into conquering and subjugating the people of Italy.It simply had to be nominated for the ""We Didn't Think Of Everything"" award, under the category ""Hidden Gem Award"""
76561198006526317,Recommended,308173,32111059,Posted: 1 June,all,illapa,"A realistic, intuitive, historical RTS. If you want something where you have to worry about economy, supply lines, and diplomacy along with combat then get this game. None of the above mechanics are super deep but the complexity goes up pretty quick once your empire gets bigger."
,Recommended,308173,24101179,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,whitelynx,"This is an excellent historical RTS game in pretty much every respect, with one exception... No multiplayer.To clarify, my fiancee and I bought this thinking that it supported co-op multiplayer (similar to Total War), but after playing it for a while, I realized it didn't have that. In researching it, it looks like multiplayer support was a stretch goal for their Kickstarter campaign, but they didn't make it... I just wish I had known about it! I would gladly have donated toward multiplayer in this game.Aside from that missing feature, this is hands-down my favorite historical strategy game so far. It has a ""grand campaign"" map that isstill real-time!-- it just dynamically changes the look of the map as you zoom out. (somewhat similar to Supreme Commander) It also does a great job of integrating mechanics I've often seen in Total War and other turn-based strategy games, but adapting them well to an RTS. It keeps the flow of an RTS (no sitting around waiting for someone else to take a turn!) but doesn't feel like one long, frantic battle either.I hope they add co-op multiplayer to the next installment of this series; if so, it'lldefinitelybe at the top of my list. Until then... I may just have to go write that game myself."
,Recommended,308173,29519968,Posted: 27 January,all,Duckroll,"Really good game, very challenging when you are learning it. Some factions are a little poorly balanced and can be weak compared to others which is annoying. However they are asymmetric, which is a big plus.Needs more unit types for some factions so they can compete properly later in the game. Mods can solve some of this (e.g. one gives Roman archers, and another that gives Ilryians light cavalry)Game is as much about supply lines and economy as it is about warfare, which is great."
,Recommended,308173,23758520,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,FFS_Cybermat47,"While it has a bit of a learning curve, this game has massive replay value, interesting gameplay, in-built modding tools, gorgeous visuals, and some of the best developer support I've ever seen. I'd be insane if I didn't give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,308173,17803964,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Aleckz,"Although I have only played this game for a few hours its a very challenging game from what I can see. This game always finds a way to make it seem like you're on top, then kicks you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥and ruins your plan. 10/10"
76561198128692528,Recommended,308173,22613881,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Fristi61,"-Group of enemy soldiers wanders into my country, begins raiding resources.-Wait for enemies to run out of food.-Cut them off whilst trying to retreat, easily force the starving soldiers to surrender.-Enslave them, put them to work in the farms they burnt down.-Find the city where they came from, cut off its supply lines and starve it into submission.-Raze the city, massacre the populace.10/10 would ancient war criminal again... or something to that effect."
76561198036594740,Recommended,308173,21970638,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,MarcusCato,"I played the previous Hegemony games for several hours, and found them to be a deep game of strategy that revolved around a very realistic supply line system. Essentially, in reality the movement of armies was dictated by three things; the season, terrain and supply logistics. This is one of the only RTS games to incorporate so vital a function in a War centered campaign game.It's not as meaty or slow as Total War, but the combat is pretty comparable - but the over world planning adds an element of speed to the campaign of the game. Where you find yourself quickly snapping up objectives that are often just an inch away from you. But the real strategy of the game is balancing your want for rapid expansion - and managing your economy.I found this to be a very exciting challenge and it's a great way to spend an afternoon. Hegemony III outpaces and delivers far more in strategy than it's predecessors - which I'd say delivered a more cinematic experience. This can for certain players be almost a rogue-like in comparison. Which I personally found to be quite fun. As it adds real replayability.---The only Negative thing I personally have found, would be just the camera's zoom levels and minor graphical glitches that happen every now and again."
76561198101563391,Recommended,308173,18829468,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,not sure,"Great game, lots of fun! Hegemony III is a nice change of pace from other RTS games I have played in the past, which usually require players to continually produce troops and throw them at the enemies base. This game requires much more planning and thought. Specifically, it takes a long to move troops around the map (this is a good thing). If you leave your boarders vulnerable for too long you will pay. Additionally, troops consume food. Having excess troops can become a burden, so players must manage their armies in both size and position. There is also a dynamic economic system composed of a vast network of trade routes connecting all the cities, camps, and resource buildings together of the empire together. As your empire expands you will capture resource buildings such as mines and farms. Workers must be stationed at any resource building to begin production. Also, that resource buildings must be included in the trade network via trade routes. The developers paid attention to detail and it shows in the gameplay."
76561198023446876,Recommended,308173,18306635,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,daemonic,"This is a fairly deep RTS, focusing on the unification of Italy before the rise of rome.  The game has a wonderful historical feel to it.  The units are varied, there are some great strategical choices to be made along the way, and it is a lot of fun.  There is always something to do, be it chasing down Raiders, expanding your Empire's borders, building up your cities or culture converting enemy cities!  There are a few minor issues - for example, with an older computer, the game sometimes struggles when you've conquered almost half of Italy, mouse movement can sometimes be very choppy, but overall, the latest patch is very stable."
76561197977260302,Not Recommended,308173,35040019,Posted: 17 September,all,Wibble the Obscure,"There are so many reasons for this game to succeed, but it fails to meet the heights it promises.After multiple attempts to work through the problems i have to admit that it was just my hope that with more experience, with more patience i would find it enjoyable... alas, it was nothing but a wasted hope.It is a city builder, empire, trade and resource manager... and the bones of the game are excellent, conquer territory, take over the resources and use the soldiers of your enemies as slaves to produce your food, wood and income.Where it fails is the unforgiving pacing.For example, you might be at war with 2 different nations, each on the other side of your territory, neither of them allied... yet so many times if you go to attack one, the other launches a powerful attack! Radios were not invented yet (another 3000 years to go) but somehow your enemies work together to launch attacks at your weakest points.OK, you think, what i need is more dakka... so you build up your armies... nope, now winter comes around and SMASHES you with starvation because of the armies appetite.OK, lets drop the food requirements of the cities... Nope, their morale drops too and they go into rebellion...So you rush off to put down the rebellion, and at the exact moment you arejusttoo far away from the border you were protecting... guess what... another invasion force comes barrelling in!Wash, rinse, repeat.Eventually your supply of reinforcements starts to drop and the invaders make short work of their target cities.Now this would be fine if it was happening to the AI cities... but their magic-radios (to their non-allied battle partners) also seem to spew out food and reinforcements as well.There are so many moments when you look at this game and think how cheap the AI is... there is no fun in a constant (and i mean CONSTANT) tidal wave of enemy attacks as you are hamstrung by the seasons in a way the AI is not.In individual combats you have the upper hand, no doubt about it... but even this is 'fixed' by the AI just spawning more units or launching a flank attack out of the blue.Diplomacy consists of paying a huge cash blackmail to a faction that will suddenly backstab you anyway ""because reasons"" (by this stage of the game you are so sick of the sound and message box spam from constant attacks that you no longer care enough to read what BS reason your close friend has made up to justify attacking you)It COULD be a great game... hell, even putting a half-speed option in there could make it less aggravating.Funnily enough, the game only has Pause or Full Speed but the Menu system is a tedious bunch of pointless slow screen transitions that make even the Menu frustrating as hell!But in the end that is what it comes down to... how long you can stand watching the game chip away at your willingness to put time in to it.FYI i also played with some of the Mods from the Workshop, just to take the edge off... even that didn't help - dont waste your money or time on this rubbish."
76561198003325820,Recommended,308173,17725067,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,bloodking0,"From what I have played (Close to 3 hours at the time of writing this) I can say that I like Hegemony 3, it's much more of a sandbox then 2, perhaps even more then 1? The campagin I am playing is the Italian Hegemony, you have a wonderful amount of choice between what faction you want to play from Celts in the north, Etruscans and the Romans in the centre, Illyrians to the east to the Greek colonies in the south.This campagin starts with your faction split, as 1's Philip campagin did. In this one you control your capital and the rest of your cities are independant of your rule and your first obective is to bring them back into the fold.The non-combat improvements in 2 are here, you can build buildings in cities to give you acess better/different troops, ships, siege equipment, for the city to produce more food, research points etc. However, an improvement over 2 is that each city grows over time if you keep the city supplied with food. Whereas in 2, certain cities would have arbitrary X amount of building slots  and there was no way to increase this, now your cities increase in size as they grow and you unlock more building slots and money generation as you do so, every city starts at level 1 and has no building slots (excluding the slot exlusive for walls).I have only played as Kroton as of this writing, Kroton is a Greek faction and is very familar to those who played Hedemony 1.Other then some graphical and minor glitches I have no complaints, and these glitches are so minor I can't be bothered to report them. One major complaint: No Syracuse wtf?tl:dr I wholeheartedly recomend this game, anyone who liked the first game but was dissapointed by certain aspects of the second game (myself inlcuded) this is the game we wanted when we heard ""Hegemony Ceaser"""
76561198006207917,Not Recommended,308173,29633709,Posted: 1 February,all,flamedog40,"This game has much promise, but is weighed down by it's poor implimentation of mechanics. I'll give a quick run-down of my thoughts on some of the major mechanics and how they seem to work.Combat- The developers have made some strange choices here. They pulled the combat system from the Total War series and in many ways simplified it. You just make some spearmen and support them with javelin units. While tactical placement of troops does matter, often when trying to command your troops to attack your javelin units will just charge in to get slaughtered. Formations aren't handled well so you need to make the adjustments yourself, but if your troops are engaged in melee you cannot tell them to do anything. The worst part is the AI and the bonus' they seem to get. They can spam tons of units and often you're just stuck being overwhelmed by sheer numbers.Economy- A very simple system is employed. Certain buildings you capture on the map produce either food, gold, or wood. These are either connected to your empire via trade routes, or the resources are automatically distributed if they buildings are inside your empire. While simple is good, the task becomes repetitive. You are constantly forced to take more cities and more resources to support the growth of your empire. This does not scale well with the costs of owning military units however, it's hard to support more than 6 army divisions with 4 cities and all the resources near them. Slow expansion is a must, but very hard when the AI constantly decides to go to war for almost no reason.Diplomacy-This is the worst mechanic by far. You either are at war with someone, or in peace. The AI is very much inclined to just go to war, especially if you are already in a war with another empire. And with the economy issues forcing smaller armies(for human players anyway), it's hard to defend your country from all sides. Having a more robust way of having alliances or building good reputation so that the AI won't attack are needed improvements.Overall, I'm not that happy with the game. In my opinion they try to borrow from multiple games and come up short. A more fleshed out economy and diplomacy system would make it a lot better. Hopefully they can get it right next time."
76561198030355148,Recommended,308173,18065896,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,kolsto,"Enjoyable and worth the money. It has also plenty of room for expantion.I wish there were more battle formations, and different soldiers, different resources and more buildings."
76561198009148400,Not Recommended,308173,20400788,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,tcoltman,"A very frustrating game and not much pleasure to play as the ai seems to spawn units at an impressive rate with limitless money to support them if you capture a fort u can not demolish is as the ai will summon another up in a few minutes, rarely do i ever feel the need to comment on a game but this ones balance seems to be out of wack not an improvement on the other two titles sharing the name. Apologies Longbow as usually i enjoy your offerings."
,Not Recommended,308173,20500258,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,WickedPuppy,"Move your troops to the left, the AI attacks from right.Move your troops to the right, the AI attacks from the left.Move your troops up, the AI attacks from the bottom.Move your troops down, the AI attacks from the top.FOG of WAR means nothing to this AI, they see right through it and plan their attack accordingly.Good game, until you figure out its pointless and the only strategy here is to painstakingly plan for what inevitably will be an attack coming from the area you have no or little defense."
76561198011614463,Recommended,308173,17719729,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,~Finzi~,"This is a solid game that builds upon Hegemony Wars of Ancient Greece as well as Rome. I loved the original, but couldn't really get into Rome. I've been playing for about 6 hours today and I don't know if I'm just bad at the game but it seems to be that the difficulty has been massively ramped up compared to Wars of Ancient Greece to the point where I found myself an hour into the Rome game and unable to even unite the 5 cities in my immediate vicinity, let alone take the fight to any of the regional powers.Pros:- Very deep strategy game- Different to most RTS on the market.- A great amount of detail in the various factions- Custom designed cities- An enourmous mapCons:- For some reason the game can be quite laggy, My specs far exceed the recommended for the game and nevertheless I get a weird staggered effect when scrolling across.- Ridiculously difficult to start as any of the factions that I have tried. It would be good if there was an option to turn off the 'raider' faction.EDIT: Came back to this review to say that the developers are continuing to build upon and improve the base game. The optimisation has improved and also I believe the AI has."
76561198006582969,Recommended,308173,17843322,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,MarcusValerius,"8/10 at least. More when they patch it up.Game isn't crashing for me, but I bought the game after the first patch and am running Windows 7 64bit.A few smallish bugs do exist however, just nothing game breaking that I've run into so far 5 hours in. Devs are working on a patch at the time of this review.Some Pros:- Same Pros as all previous Hegemony games, just better and refined- Control Rome before they Conquered Italy- Different Factions add different flavours to playthroughsSome Cons:- Only 2 stock campaigns as of this review, one smallish and one large one. A medium one (or more smallish ones) and an Epic one covering a very large map would have been nice.- Supply line management can get a little tedious when your Empire gets larger- Since the game isn't turn based and is entirely real time fighting in more than 1 place at once is tedious, even with the pause functionality (can be argued as a good thing as well)Overall I'm having fun with the game and have enjoyed other games by the same developer. Worth the buy in my opinion, even at full price. :)"
,Recommended,308173,20061164,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,k a l i x,"Basically a real nice mix between the Total War and AoE. It's got the grand strategy feel of TW, but also the micro of the AoE battles. The AI is smart, and can punish you for overextending and making questionable decisions. The learning curve is there, but after a few games you should get the hang of it. Really enjoyable overall, has a fantastic feel especially with the strategic map. Supply lines are an impressive element. Definitely worth the money!"
76561197971947059,Recommended,308173,21338017,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,arvedui78,"This game deserves way more attention than what it gets, I've come to realize... It really brings something unique to the table, and the scope is amazingly huge. Great economic depth and some deep military strategy combined with awesome tactical gameplay. The different factions and locations in Italy are very colorful and fun to play, very varied.I give it a 5/5."
,Recommended,308173,17716682,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Anax of Rhodes,"Heg Rome had some functionality issues like units not obeying you and map movement being sluggish.  Heg Gold was literally rough around the edges; the dated 3-D models really don't look good.Heg III, however, is excellent.  Amends both predecessors' issues, runs smoothly, offers limitless Steam Workshop potential, and functions on Day 1 straight off the store. (which is a lot better than some AAA titles getting released these days)  As well, it combines the most popular factions of ancient times, whereas Rome was ...well, Rome and barbarians, lol, and Gold was the Greeks.The 30% off sale is a good deal for a new release, and I recommend this as a superior sequel to either game."
76561198041249485,Not Recommended,308173,18191257,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Two-Piece,"I have to say I do like this game. It is original and has some interesting concepts. Unfortunately it should still be in beta. Hence the negative review.* Some game mechanics aren't always working (troops bug out, garrisons are not shooting, trouble to deploy units (especially while defending bridges)).* Crashes sometimes* Interface lacks some information it should have (I had towns occupied without even realising I was under attack, I can not see the maximum amount of food/wood I can have stored)* Radial interface doesn t work very well for the pc.* Glitching graphics occur frequently.* The game needs a better totorial."
76561198030611348,Not Recommended,308173,19925887,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,protossto,"Simplification of supply line and city management are good but the game has so little contents to replay. If u like to play in the same geographical area over and over again and love hoplites then u probably like the game. But for me the game is too repetitive with little replayability value. Imo, the first hegemony is the best only that the graphic is dated so save your money and buy it instead."
76561197993385762,Recommended,308173,17715819,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,GrangaKirmes,"really nice game. Played Hegemony Rome and must say, that the developers improved a lot of the game mechanic. It feels like the previous title with a lot of additional things that brings far more depth to the game.if you love strategy games than give it a try! Fresh and innoative stuff for strategy lovers! Go for it!"
,Not Recommended,308173,31201560,Posted: 17 April,all,Dyre the Stranger,"What would be a good game with great ideas is weighed down by clunky AI and siege mechanics which in my opinion ruin the whole game.More than once I'd put all my eggs in one basket and get completely taken off guard by an enemy Coastal Raid in my ""heartlands"" with them burning my only shipbuilding dock and releasing dozens of slaves cutting off my income and food supply then potentially putting them in a place to take my capital and shatter my income causing my army to collapse... instead they stood around the burned now-dockless-city for my army to double back home faster than a Seleucid Basileus. Or the time I took a left turn down a Fork in the road in enemy lands to have the whole enemy army come down the other road and go running towards my capital to dead stop at a river crossing short of my capital to wait around to see if my Hoplites could even catch up. They could have burned all of my building to the ground and taken my capital in the time it took me to catch up. Even in battles the AI shows the same ineptitude and if having some perceived importance to holding a hill will stand in phalanx watching you turn their forward light infantry into confetti before letting you completely outflank them. All these attacks happpened while I was away with my armies which leads me to believe the AI can see right through fog of war since they hit my weakest spots.Sieges are completely different from the other combat. Cities act like a garrisoned building and instead of fighting in the streets or walls there is a siege bar that goes down slower or faster depending on garrison size and sea access. And since the defenders are all killed once the bar runs out it forces them to always attack out the gate which is unfair for defenders since they deploy slowly sometimes one at a time, even if unwalled, in the face of attackers already in formation with ranged support.This gets worse since bridges use the same mechanic I got situations where a bridge full of heavy units get killed by a few dozen peasant spearmen one at a time or all die in the bridge when it's ""taken"". This wouldn't be so bad if bridge maintance was not much as a higher tier armored unit's weekly upkeep. They aren't ignorable either since you need them to make supply lines between cities or buidlings and if an enemy holds a crossing or bridge too close to a city it can disconnect all it's normal land supply lines because ""to close to enemy occupied land"". If bridges acted like other roads within the game with combat taking place on them it'd be fine.Myself and the AI would constantly leave cities empty since armies cost so much you can't have a big one and untilizing what you have is necessary for city taking. This led to Raiders with nothing but Slings, their own♥♥♥♥♥♥ and Bread Sticks burning down high level cities, that they rebeled from because they were a different culture. Each population level of the city should add another weak Militia unit to counter this and make big Raider armies more a problem and half a dozen Raiders can attack supply lines or a winery.Diplomacy is non-existant outside of tribute and season long treaties. This leads to the AI endlessly acting like Tribal Savages. I assume this is because any other AI would be too complicated to code and diplomacy and trade is too much work. The developers might fix all this as they added in Navies and other stuff for free alongside the last DLC so I have hope in them continuing improvements."
76561198050266202,Recommended,308173,18153030,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,doriansachio,"So if you are a big history buff, some little things might irritate you, like how Piceno is used as the capital of the Piceni, when in fact the capital was Asculum and there was never a place called Piceno (its Pisaurum).But lets face it most of you care about gameplay. To put it simple, its fun.The downs:On anything higher than casual, the raiders are a little unbalanced - way stronger than the player and the AI nations.Its very easy to farm enemies for slaves instead of having to pay your own workers, its almost unfair. Almost.The battle animations aren't total war good, and the size of the field of battle is way too small to do any serious strategic moves.The ups:Everything else. This game is the first strategy game to tackle ancient Italian tribes in a pre-Roman/early-Roman era, and it is everything it should be. You get to upgrade your cities, much like Civ 5, manager resources much like Total War, take regions and worry about manpower and attrition much like Europa Universalis, and you get the close in battles also like Total War.Incorporates all the elements of games I love and turns it into something new in a time period I love.Get this game if you like strateg games."
,Recommended,308173,20059174,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sweetzca,I really like this game. It is what I wish Age of Empires could be. It is my hope that they make a Hegemony IV which focuses on more of the World.
76561198060903116,Recommended,308173,20588268,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SniperSenpai,"Very unique RTS game with a lot of good micro managing aspects to it. Combat is decently polished, diplomacy is very limited, I like the upgrade system, quests give the game some fluid momentum in the beginning and overall it's a nice, steady paced game. Not sure if it's worth the full price of 30 dollars though. I bought it for 15 and for that price it is well worth it in my opinion."
76561197991389707,Recommended,308173,30134549,Posted: 23 February,all,Cpt America,"Hegemony III Clash of the Ancients is a very good conquest game.The player starts with only 1 city and hast first to unite with the other cites of his tribe, before he starts to conquer the cities of other tribes.The game plays in realtime, like a real strateg game. There are a lot of factions and tribes on the map, that can be all played and started with. Each facion has its unique bonuses and unit types, what makes the game very interesting to play again with another facion.The game has a workshop mod support, that can add addiotional content and scenarios to the game.I recommend this game."
,Recommended,308173,20014712,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Pops,"If you liked either of the previous Hegemony games, get this one. It finally has the AI you've been waiting for. It's brutal, smart enough, and going to punish you."
76561198038662611,Recommended,308173,30088401,Posted: 21 February,all,lastlockin,"I have all 3 Hegemony games. If you like RTS, and the ancient world, you will love these. I highly recommend the original Hegemony (Greece) as well. You will loose weeka of your life to this game in sandbox made, never mind the campaign."
,Recommended,308173,28898969,Posted: 1 January,all,Gekkibi,"I wish there would be a ""kind of recommend, but..."" thumb-sideways button. I'm going to give a positive review, mostly because of how the developers have tried to solve a particular freezing issue I'm having (and not many others. It could be a hardware-specific problem).First some good(ish): The historical setting is nice and pretty unique (there are historical inaccuracies, like principes having an odd mix of lorica hamata and lorica segmentata, and sabellic units are wearing this as well. Gladius is being used before the conquest of Hispania has even started, Greek general is using an Etruscan pointy-type helmet instead of a form of Corinthian helmet. Greek phalangitai seems to use sarissa instead of dory... I could go on, but then I would just be nitpicking. It's not like the game has incendiary pigs and mummy pharaohs, unlike Rome: Total War, so it could be much much worse...).I quite like the game mechanics in the game, in general. The importance of supplies and good logistical network has been implemented well, except that during brute-force sieging you have to babysit your troops and manually swap the besieging units so that they may resupply. Luckily you don't have to brute-force sieges, and you can simply starve them out. Still, micromanagement like this is one of the things I hate the most.Then the Bad! The AI is sub-par: once you have managed to inflict a tiny bit of damage to the enemy faction's infrastructure then it collapses entirely: mass hunger and all that jazz. They don't even feel like attacking you after a certain point. For some absurd reason they're incapable of capturing more farms/mines/etc and they don't feel like building a bridge so that they can access resources on the other side of a river.Diplomacy is basic, and it rarely makes any sense who has to pay, and how much, for a peace treaty. It would have been so much better if it would be possible to trade with neighbors. But nope, every single faction is your enemy, it's only a matter of time when an event triggers and they become hostile.Unfortunately you can't speed up time, and there are moments when there's absolutely nothing to do.I look forward to seeing their next game. With a little bit more thought put into it (and post-release patching like this game has received!) it would most likely be enjoyable... Of course, assuming they don't want to take the DLC-spam route, in which case this review's thumb is going to switch direction extremely fast."
76561198011187900,Recommended,308173,17831681,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Daeromont,"This is my first review.  I recommend this game.  While not for everyone, I am sure, it is a pleasure to play...and while it has some bugs, it is elegant in game-play and a challenge from the very start.  I do wish it had a tutorial, but on the other hand, it wasn't difficult to learn as the game progressed.  This was my first game in the series, and I was pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,308173,20065153,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Huserx,"Had this on my wishlist, bought it on a steam sale after christmas, first day I played it for 6 hours.. :)I'm no genre expert so pardon the simple review.Pros - It's fun, seems to have a quick pace, resource challenges and its on saleNags - Map auto rotation when using mini mapCons - Limited to two scenarios, but then I am still playing the first one.."
76561198040054799,Recommended,308173,18267470,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ronaldkirkuk,"Ok, where do I start. This a wonderfully well put together strategy empire building game that is both exciting and extremely visually stimulating. I love how you watch as your cities develop and trade routes begin to appear with goods going back and forth from one location to the next and the animation and life in the cities and on the map. The only negative comment that I have about that game is that for me it is extremely difficult. You are constantly beinhg attacked and having to solve rebellions and there is a lot of actions. Its like Sparta 300 in a strategy empire building game."
,Recommended,308173,22209744,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Luna licărire,"Hegemony is a unique grand strategy game and is very well made. I heavily enjoyed playing it, enough to give it a positive review, but I felt the gameplay was a bit bare. For example diplomacy is extremely simplistic and it seemed useless to me to even bother trying to get treaties because it would cost me money and the AI always came to me paying me that same diplomacy fee for the same treaty. So was really no point in me even using the diplomacy menu. The AI also feel way too easy to beat because I can easily just start out as Greek, buy 1 Hoplite army, and then it lasts entire early game soloing literally everything the AI throws at me by itself. To me that's not really a fair fight and the AI doesn't start using anything strong like that until mid to late game. If the developers were to add more unit diversity, more diplomatic options and flavor, smarter AI that utilizes the units and base improvements properly, A MULTIPLAYER FEATURE, and more depth to the generals I would say this game is the top grand strategy game around due to its real time strategy map with total war like formation battles.Regardless it is certainly worth a buy if it is on sale for 50% or more off, I can't see paying 30$ for it."
76561197978110282,Recommended,308173,30214654,Posted: 26 February,all,Anthrax Cat,"Good game, not a great game. Would buy again, on sale. Great way to lose yourself in a fairly simple game, but not terribly exciting to play again and with a lot of design issues. Lots of CTDs (about 6 in 20h of gameplay), set autosave to frequent.Long review:It is microintensive in ways that are redundant and repetitive. The economy buildings, for instance, should always be upgraded in the same way, and supply line optimisation could also be automated with no impact on strategic choices. Once the pointless administrative tasks are removed it is just resource point collection. That is still satisfying, and balancing your economic growth is interesting.Military strategy can best be summarised as an economic problem. It is theoretically possible to have interesting, tactical combat, but the narrowness of the map meant that in all but one or two situations this was reduced to a meat grinder. Most major battles will also be fought at bridges, where this is even more noticeable. Armies seem to always move as independent brigades, which makes mixed arms exceedingly tedious to coordinate. Vision range is small enough that any staging attempts will have scattered before getting into combat, or be ambushed into a melee anyway.  Further, with how units lock into combat, there is no way to adjust in combat beyond bulk adjustments, notably telling whole brigades that are standing around aimlessly that they should, in fact, engage the enemy.Strategic combat is only possible, but is also by no means necessary, as sheer weight of numbers will always win, especially when using large amounts of ranged units to avoid bottlenecking. The primary mechanism to prevent this is, realistically, that armies when defeated respawn in their origin city, which can be weeks away from the front line. This wouldn't be a problem if the AI could path properly, or with anything like a rally point. Neither of those things are the case, so defeated units will periodically get forgotten or stuck in the hinterlands of your empire, or inexplicably garrisoning bridges on their way to the front. While heavy units might offer a tactical advantage, they also suffer from moving so slowly they will never return to the field if lost. Campaigns lose momentum largely because of troops left behind to garrison captured cities, or not building workers fast enough to be able to feed all your new acquistions come winter.Diplomacy is more or less non-existent. Missions allows you to gain favour with one faction at the expense of another for food, gold, or troops. Extort weak factions you've never met for money, otherwise prepare for a perpetual cold/hot war as no matter how badly you are destroying an enemy you will always pay for the truce. Long time friends can randomly decide to declare war on you. The greatest value of truces is that you can then use them to buy resource buildings from your future rivals. The AI will ask for progressively more money as you eat into their food and gold supply, but not in a very scaleable way such that you can fool it into starving its cities, and defunding its army. 10/10, would engage in a hostile takeover of Rome again."
76561198035932189,Recommended,308173,18320426,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Sir Dan,"I'm finding this game to be extremely educative about early Italy. I've learnt a lot about where the various tribes were located, which were of which culture."
76561198132477972,Recommended,308173,29515285,Posted: 26 January,all,NotYourPalChief,"It's one of those games I kinda just bought to mash some buttons for a few seconds. Is this the greatest game of all time: No, not even close.  It's one of those games you'll play when you're bored, if you just finished playing some other game and having nothing else to do. It is fun, but it's not very challenging, but in due time I'm sure the game will get better, 5 of those hours were me playing it straight, I do suggest the game, but...Right now...It needs to be a bit cheaper."
76561198007368644,Recommended,308173,30543201,Posted: 16 March,all,"Mount and blade, The guy","Roman evolution literally, you can also see why phalanx get destroyed by hastati by going throught the hardship yourself and experementing with many units. after 10 tries i finally got good at the game and its so addicting"
76561198106038178,Recommended,308173,17880447,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,76561198106038178,"So I got back into games after years of being out (since the days of Starcraft 1).  I've never played any Hegemony games but I love grand strategy (used to love the old civ games and Ceasar 2)    I've never played Total War or other games people sometimes compare it to so I don't have that reference either.  I like games that have empire/city management, and don't completely focus on war at the exlcusion of other strategic domains.  Given this, and my love for history, when I saw this game was coming out soon, it got my immediate attention.  At first I was concerned about buying it as it was brand new and it seems in the forums there were several important issues that needed to be resolved with a patch.  When I saw Longbow the developer being responsive in the forum and releasing their first patch quickly after release, it - along with an early available 10% off discount - gave me the confidence to go ahead and take a chance, so I purchased it.I have found this game to be quite enjoyable.  I don't care as much about graphics as much as I do about the game mechanics, the sense of challenge, and the strategic thinking involved.  It has been engrossing which is a great sign for me and worth the price I paid, though note I purchased it just before the early 10% off discount expired (people nowadays pay $15 to see a movie at the theater, so if i get like 20 hours or more of good enjoyment out of it, it was worth it.  Does it have some bugs still?  Yes even after the patch, but I'm confident they're working on them.  If the developers are reading this - I also think this game has a lot of potential and would love it if they crowfunded a multiplayer version.Being a lover of history, including ancient history may bias me a bit.  Also given that some of my ancestors  lived in the middle of Italy for likely centuries, I can only wonder if this was one of my few chances to every play my ancestors (Etruscans or Umbrians) in a game lolAnyway this is a fun game for a grand strategy lover and my ancestors would be proud. I recommend it."
,Recommended,308173,28514283,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SkullPwnee,Fun game mixong RTS tactical engagements with tabletop type grand strategy. CoA continues to get better and better with ongoing support and expansions from the publishers at no charge. Other publishers could learn a thing or two from Longbow....
,Not Recommended,308173,29140744,Posted: 9 January,all,democles_pl,"So It's not BAD. It's just not good.Pro side:Interesting (and somewhat frustrating at the start) resource management.Not the typical style of RTS and makes it more feel like you're in ancient days.It also makes you think about food and moral of cities AND your units.Con:It's pretty repetitive after a short time and after you get the hang of things. On normal dificulty anyway if you pick one of the southern 'tribes' the correct path is ""Make Hoplites"". The AI won't make them and only make more of the cheaper less tough units. Hoplites will just crush them w/o taking many losses so you won't need to go re recruit.Random AI aggression: Seems like the game will randomly decide a nation who's been quiet with you for a while will ""get a new and hostile leader. WAR!""  which is kinda lazy honestly. It kinda feels the way the game is set up that there should be political mechanics as well. Maybe that just flows from the repitition thing though.UI: Shocking. I had to restart at least a dozen games before I didn't accidentally cripple myself messing up the basics.Graphics aren't great. Not an issue for me for this type of game but might be for you?Maybe get it when it's on 75% off?"
,Recommended,308173,29045382,Posted: 5 January,all,Molon labe,Great game. If you debating whether you should play Rome Total War 2 or This definatly choose Hegemony.PROS:-Huge map-Good Soundtrack-Great graphics and art-Neat city management-AI is better than Rome's.CONS:-Combat feels less dynamic and more chaotic (i.e if the unit engaged in combat it cannot retreat untill it's morale is broken)  than the other aspects of the game.-Controls are just way harder than they should've been. (They tried to invent a wheel but should've just stick to RTW controls to be honest)-UI is just BAD. (In many ways)-Unit variety is scarce and could really use some more missle units (at least the damn slingers)TL;DRBuy it on sale if you are a fan of RTS games or just want to try something new.
76561198006729307,Recommended,308173,17782367,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,romantribune10thlegio,"I am really enjoying the game, the AI is alot better from Rome!"
76561198030997975,Recommended,308173,17767679,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Dan1911,amazing game
76561198038507957,Recommended,308173,17768457,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Dimitris Spartan MMA,it good but could do with different unit typres such as the faces and armour and genrals but a good game
76561198040560627,Recommended,308173,20666253,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Hvapsen,Its ok. :)
76561198012214018,Recommended,308173,21293587,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,HalfezITA,"This game is the best idea of rts of the last years and definitely MY genre,a combination of a total war and a grand strategy in real time with NO turns.The error was the unfinished development on the release date and the inferior AI compared with other strategy games(And in a strategy game AI is 50%,if single player oriented 90% XD).With the last patch that improves AI and add a lot of new content FREE,this game reached the level that I hoped. Good job Longbow.However I think that the work on campaign AI it's not finished yet and It's necessary for reach the level of a ""must have"" game.Finally I say that this game is generally wonderfull and I hope that in the future there will be a lot of other game of this kind."
76561198035651561,Recommended,308173,20797851,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,nshanabroo,"It's all about the logistics.  Have enough food and gold, and you can conquer the world.  There are still some issues with units not drawing rations when they are in a supplied zone and similar types of problems, but overall enjoyable and addictive to play."
76561198021703387,Recommended,308173,20437698,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Tom,"This game is amazing the makers of this game have really bumped up everything a massive technolgy tree a wide amount of factions to play as, a colonizeable option for cities that dont share your culture its a mix of rome 2 and attila the combat is massive big battles possible global wars at the start it can be difficullt i am playing as rome now in order to expand it would mean warring with tribal factions that will quickly adapt to your tactics however that is great at least the AI will put up a fight all i can say is this game is great if you like historical or strategy games then this is a good start if you have never played hegemony this is your start it maybe the 3rd one but you wont be disappointed at the textures they have put in it thumbs up 10 out of 10 if they have plans on making a 4th one then let us know longbow games has given us an empire builder that you can play for hours i recommend this to teens or adults who would love to relive a history period when technolgy was first evolving"
76561198120381372,Recommended,308173,20129872,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dr. Robotnik,"Fantastic game, it has the right balance between complex mechanics and easy gameplay. I like very much also the historic setting (I can play with my forefathers, the Frentani).Two things that should improved is the control of the army formation during the transfers and during the battles and maybe should be added more resources chains."
,Recommended,308173,28932892,Posted: 2 January,all,EmeraldSphire,"Overall decent game, not amazing but not terrible. I'm still playing through but I have had the game crash on me and for some reason files just seem to corrupt so I have to check everytime before playing! Which is starting to get very anoying (please fix this longbow). It was a good buy through the steam sale but there is way too little content for the game for its $30 price tag, definately wait for the price to drop below $10 before thinkin about buying this game. Somethings arent explained very well so it's a lot of hi and miss as you stubble around trying to grasp what's going on. This is not a Total war game, do not try to play it as such (learnt that the hard way XD). But for what the game is at under $10 i do recommend it and cant wait to see if the new DLC will help expand the game because it really needs it!"
76561198005612197,Recommended,308173,17727462,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Dominosugar,"A great upgrade from past Hegemony titles. I particularly like that gold is no longer a static value, but grows or depletes over time. While I would like to see a more fleshed out diplomacy module (Allies remain ai controlled instead of becoming player controlled), this aspect is better than past titles also."
,Recommended,308173,22928883,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Unapologetically Socialist,"Great game.This is one of the best strategy games I've ever played. The art and design is well done, few bugs and doesn't crash. The AI is a bit wonky, but that can be expected in a low budget game."
,Not Recommended,308173,18283997,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Naktholomew,"The games feels very unfinished, like I'm playing an ""early access"" game."
76561197997113454,Recommended,308173,19767364,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Ploufi Rommelberg,"After all the patches its become quite the fun game, especially since the late-game lag has been fixed. Here is hoping to them releasing more content and add-ons!"
76561198034408074,Recommended,308173,21756870,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,pedrito_elcabra,Nice strategy game... somehow lacking replayability.
76561198062738559,Recommended,308173,18107170,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,jonnielights,"It's starting to really come together with the latest update. A really engrossing game once you start to get ahold of the mechanics.  I'm looking forward to some of the zoom/view changes proposed by the devs for the next update, keep up the good work."
76561198006614873,Recommended,308173,22294143,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,leuchebreu,Got to confident with my advance and neglected my supply lines...the AI challenged me to open battle...I did not have enough food to feed all my soldiers...the AI not only chushed my army but also excuted all prisioners....I am a frustrated TOTAL WAR fan looking for a real challenge and not only pretty graphics.
76561198043122661,Recommended,308173,17761539,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Tensai,"I'm a big fan of RTS and in particular the Hegemony series, i liked Rome alot. I was surprised therefore that there wasn't very much hype about this one. It might be me being ignorant but i only heard about this a couple of weeks ago and when i did I eagerly googled the crap out of it and didn't find too much out!I am pleased therefore that (despite my apprehension) this game is easily the best in the series yet. It still has all the mechanics you're familiar with if you've played Hegemony before, for instance supply still plays a massive role, but a few noticable tweaks have been made.Its easily the hardest in the series too. I started on normal at first with a misplaced confidence bred from playing the previous ones and i soon regretted it. Easy is by no means a walkover either and im currently enjoying reasonable success whilst still being challenged on all fronts by incessant raider spawns (which i think you should be able to change in the options).Its not perfect yet. There's still a few bugs and annoyances here and there and for some reason its giving my rig a bit of a beating, even though it far exceeds the requirements. None of these are massively game changing however and i'm sure Longbow will address them in time with future updates. It will only get better with its much welcome Workshop support too where hopefully the programming geeks can make some decent mods!Overall i give it 8/10 and highly recommend it to any RTS fan who, like me, doesn't like the idea of Warhammer coming to Total War.... *sob* *sob*."
76561198006634754,Recommended,308173,17745728,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Korashy,"If you like grand strategy a la EUIV and CK2 it's highly recommended. It does have a bit steep learning curve for people new to the genre, though. The map looks small but it's massive, and you are constantly having to make decision and choices. However, if you are looking for a Total War clone, then you will probably find this disappointing as it's not a game that shines through graphics or a fleshed out battle system, but based on actual strategy and planning. You can expect the majority of your time to be spend on the zoomed out map (view screenshots), instead of looking at the actual graphics.As of release there are a bunch of small bugs that subtract some points from the experience, but people used to the genre should also be used to this kind of release. Overall it's very playable and hugely enjoyable.This is my first ever game in the series and the first time I bought an indie game from a no-name studio (sorry Longbow :P), and I'm not disappointed with what I got for my cash."
76561198093158250,Recommended,308173,31791338,Posted: 16 May,all,historycavalier2016,"Before this year's patches and the DLC, The Eagle King, this game seemed like it was only half baked. Since those have been released, I must say that I am looking foward to what Longbow Games come up with next. Hegemony III: Clash of the Ancients is the perfect blend of RTS and Grand Strategy into one package, of which I have never seen before this series of games."
,Recommended,308173,34641372,Posted: 31 August,all,JackTheRipairMan,"I really enjoyed this game. Honestly the tutorial didn't help, but who cares. It was pretty easy to learn the basics on my own.  This game Isn't close to touching CA's Total War, but there is a possibility that they (Longbow) can be a real competitor in a few years time if they continue to improve. Hegemony III has its own unique feel that makes it different than other strategy games. It lacks a sophisticated diplomacy system and is mostly focused on combat, which generally isn't a bad thing. The Combat itself isn't remarkable but it gets the job done. One of the main components to war in Hegemony is the amount of supplies you have so it's best to ensure your men won't die of starvation before you go all in ""guns blazing"" when you can't feed your own army. There are a few bugs, but none are game breaking and are easy to ignore. In the end it's a great indie strategy game that is worth every penny.7/10-- Keep up the good work Longbow"
76561198028397254,Not Recommended,308173,24658747,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Fatblackjoe,"This game is really war heavy, nothing to really work on during peace. It kinda just feels like you fight wave after wave on units with no rest until you kill off their base. Its not terrible, but I would rather play H1 Gold, much cheaper and better."
76561198092431729,Recommended,308173,17729663,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,MORROGANDER,If you love Total war you will love this.
76561198053490553,Recommended,308173,17718622,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Golden Shower (sc darton231),its hard my brain hurts i need help but what i have played i like
76561198103082240,Recommended,308173,22704153,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,【HAN】falcofyc,"super fantastic game, but toooooooo hard xDafter more than 30 hours of playing (some offline hours), I found a problem that AI will not play anymore after you achieve hegemony, so you cant unifiy Italy and there is no late game challenage"
76561198112981059,Recommended,308173,17725784,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,choglit,"Once i learn how to play it, im sure ill love it."
76561198006802285,Recommended,308173,17950207,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Malicious Cat,"Do not be discouraged by the mixed review on the steam tab, this game is very fun."
76561198007689709,Recommended,308173,29879037,Posted: 12 February,all,Falstaff,"Love it. Being a fan of the Hegemony series since the beta, I really like how they keep on improving the features that make the series unique, interesting and ultimately fun."
76561198032336851,Not Recommended,308173,22317410,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Ruffneck,"Game reacts slowly, takes to long to move the mouse to control. And no my laptop is not out of spec or has issues as all other games that require higher specs work as expected."
,Recommended,308173,24950205,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Orange Ranger,"I love this game. though it doensnt look like i have that many hours its because i torrented a copy due to old reviews of the game and devs being unreliable BUT the owners have learned from there mistakes much like most gameing companies and they keep developing the game.Im a fan of all the total war specifically the battles and such, but the turn based campaign left things to be more desired for as the autoresolve was better for you in most cases xD (tacitcal genius's who read tzun tsu's, may have spelt that wrong, art of war are the excluded)In reference to that the realtime aspect that this game creates is a brilliant minmax mix of strategy and consideration, your armies move in real game time moveing across the map, with supply line's being the main aspect involved in city building and army maintenence.Longbow games also update the game so there is more content, we just need more modders to make it perfect!!(also input is hepfull i can edit this to answer questions you might have)"
,Recommended,308173,21056454,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,PrivatePeachyButt,"Awesome game.it's like civ and total war had a lovebaby that isn't turnbased.The only thing I'd like improved is formations that arent remembered well but aside from that, it's great.8/10"
76561198007208856,Recommended,308173,21550283,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Nicomo Cosca,The best one yet
76561198090471022,Recommended,308173,19197262,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,M0nk3y_Ceratops,It's very fun and still extremely hard on casual
76561197996328332,Recommended,308173,18688198,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dj Ruskie ranger,"Great game, but at around the 100th week I get a raider wave before I can deal with the previous raider wave. I don't have time to conquer rome because of all the hungry raiders."
76561198023142143,Recommended,308173,20798471,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,justin_minkoff16,"Awsome game, Awsome developers that seem to take what they do seriously and strive to better their product and provide support to us. The game is very engaging and, at times, challenging.  Ps Sorry for my spelling. And the people that down voted it are all little ♥♥♥♥ boys, probably."
76561198007999750,Recommended,308173,19751902,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,lukas.liptak,"Started as a tribe in central Italy...Celebrated first raized city (to Lv1)...Some Gauls disembarked on Adriatic coast...didn't pay much attention at that time...80 hours afterwards I am still trying to take their cities...Would do the same again...9,5/10"
76561198006844787,Recommended,308173,30764274,Posted: 26 March,all,Roast Beef Curtains,Hegemony is one of the coolest strategy games out there.  The real time empire building and simultaneous battling is a unique twist on the typical games that usually focus on one of these aspects or the other.
76561198021097281,Recommended,308173,17719190,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Thor,Amazing
,Recommended,308173,17741950,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,DanDerethor,Yes.
,Recommended,308173,18023994,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,"Hey, Skeksis",Love this game.
76561198087705894,Recommended,308173,31724349,Posted: 13 May,all,TheRobber,I recomend the game but their are still some bugs: sometimes when a scout is defeated and you want to use them again they just dye infront of the gates or invicebul enemy's
76561198089181518,Recommended,308173,29032255,Posted: 5 January,all,nato_potato01,not a bad game so far
,Not Recommended,308173,34001037,Posted: 3 August,all,Celtic Magic!,"I want so much to recommend this game but I honestly can't.Pros:- The main menu is just lovely to look at.  Seriously, Greek ceramic art?  Give whoever designed that a magically-refilling amphora of wine;- This game is geared towards people like me who have a love for this period of history;- It's based around classic RTS elements - settlement building AND real-time combat.Cons:- The 'tutorial' is half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and designed to make you fail rather than to help you learn the game.  You're punished for being pro-active and the AI acts like you're playing normally.  Case in point: First attempt at Unification of Italy campaign: I attack the rebel camp near my city with 2 units; my scouts show me the enemy has 1 unit garrisoning the fort with one outside.  So my attack begins - THREE enemy slinger units file out of the fort and rip my men to shreds with stones.  My men, surrounded and pelted by missiles, eventually break.  The rebels run them down and kill them all.  They then counter attack and raze my defenceless city - as if the AI knows exactly where it is and that it's completely undefended.  So I restart.Second attempt: I lose my Companions (starting and only fighting unit) to the second lot of enemy raiders who charged them (something I've not yet been taught how to do or to counter).  The raiders went on to charge (immediately after charging & fighting my first unit - how can they do that again so quickly?) and kill my only other units on the map (scouts & slaves) and again raze my starting city.  So I restart again.  I kill the first unit of enemy raiders and when I try to execute prisoners the game crashes.- The game is inherently unstable.  My PC surpasses the Recommended specs but still the game crashes.  There is literally no reason on my end for it to CTD.  I've had to restart campaigns 3 times because of crashes.  This is not the finished product it was advertised to be.  At one point it even entered debug mode - it was asking me to help the devs by coding out the errors.  So I need to pay for an unfinished product AND help its makers to finish it?  Get tae ♥♥♥♥.- The in-game UI is rather limited.  The 'tutorial' doesn't even explain things like where your resources are indicated or what the numbers mean.  You have to guess that from things like unit recruitment.- There is actually no dedicated tutorial - it's essentially the first campaign ""with tutorial elements"".  Sorry, but a game's not finished unless it gives new users lessons in understanding the basic features.  Coming straight from Wars of Ancient Greece (which I've played all of an hour or two on), I added a supply line between my fishery and my capital only to be told that isn't necessary as they're in the same territory.  Thanks for explaining that before hand!So I'm not even allowed to get past the tutorial.  And this is on 'novice' difficulty which the game recommends I start on."
76561198032251347,Recommended,308173,17942415,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,VLAD THE INHALER,sus
,Recommended,308173,29216909,Posted: 12 January,all,fook,Very small and insignificant fighting mechanic glitches but overall the gameplay and mechanics of everything are good. Not an easy pick up but worth learning. 8/10
76561198092262191,Recommended,308173,17878570,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Strategic,i love the game but you should add more mods for the game and fix the money problem but the game is great
,Recommended,308173,24029900,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Austria-Hungary > Prussia,"The people who complain this game is too hard are really bad, trust me, as long as you figure out the core concepts its an easy, but challenging, game."
76561198163556243,Recommended,308173,23545466,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,The_Great_Wyatt_Shark,It seems like a great game but twelve hours of gameplay and I still feel like for the most part I have no idea how to play and nothing is making it easier. I also can't find the map editor for the life of me. I think I must be misunderstading a lot of things about this game. If anyone could find a way to help me out at all I'm willing to keep trying ;D
76561198058513465,Not Recommended,308173,20835389,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,zolo1501,Buggy messe that needs patching
76561198007308145,Not Recommended,308173,17740467,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,The Good Judge Holden,"The game has potential, but needs many, many bug fixes before it gets there."
76561198031139405,Recommended,308173,30953377,Posted: 4 April,all,striker500,a nice gem
,Not Recommended,308173,17736257,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Chivalrous Echo,"I regret purchasing this game. It's incomplete, with several bugs which don't break the game, but make it significantly more excrusiating to play. Player troop pathfinding is terrible. Raiders appear quickly and are quite abundant; forcing you run circles chasing and them, 'less they raid your resources and halt expansion. Then you must command your troops to a controlled area to resupply so you can go attack a city. This doesn't sound too bad, until you repeat it for EVERY encounter and EVERY assault. On top of needing to micromanage your trade routes, workers/slaves (often killed off and needing of replenishment), manage how many resources are going to which areas, manage upgrades for troops, generals, and skills to improve units/cities/navy.Concerning combat: I played for a little over an hour, and was faced with significantly higher experienced RAIDERS over a course of 10 mins. Single units were wiping out 4 or 5 of my units at a time, mainly because only 1 or 2 of my units would attack at any one time. Bringing up another point: Flanking seems to mean absolutely nothing, which kind of takes a big chunk out of the *strategy* part of the game.If you aren't interested in micromanaging every little game, give this one a pass. Age of Empires had better animations, which would have made this at least fun to watch.3/10"
76561198007395210,Recommended,308173,29446409,Posted: 23 January,all,Gasoline1970,This game...is just awesome so buy it NOW!
,Not Recommended,308173,21759046,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Ryder,"No.No.No. Incredibly bad layout. The gameplay sucks. Didn't even bother making atleast 2 different animation attacks for a unit. Not to mention the game auto-pauses, and if you are not vigulent, you'll be sitting there wondering why your spearmen won't recruite or your farm-capturing won't speed up. Ridiculous. I encourage everyone to simply look over this game. Attila is on sale at this current time, just get the dam thing and not this peice of junk I wasted 30 bucks on."
,Recommended,308173,33943977,Posted: 1 August,all,patt2129,THe UI iincredibly annoying otherwise its a fun game.
76561198083689515,Not Recommended,308173,34804178,Posted: 7 September,all,robopolis1,"it sucks. unintuitive, clunky, slow loading and takes no skill."
76561198000041361,Not Recommended,308173,17765397,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,jaybee2,"New Review Post-DLC:Apparently something broke with either an update or the DLC. Game ""can't access my graphics hardware"" anymore after starting a scenario right after the camera zooms in to my starting city. Hooray!Old Review:Scenarios are too similar right now as are factions within the scenarios. There needs to be some variety, or at least randomization, in starting conditions and objectives.I didn't get to full unification in the Etruscan campaign and briefly started the Italian Unification campaign so these are my limited impressions based upon my interests as well as my extensive playtime in the first Hegemony release on steam by Longbow, which I found to be much more inspired. The change in resource management in this iteration threw me for a curveball at first.The gameplay mechanics are solid. It just feels a bit too sandboxy at the moment, I guess."
,Recommended,308173,17737433,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Eric Cartman,"I decided to edit my review with some positive points, to give you more an idea of why you should buy this game. Just to get it out of the way; Yes, you should buy it if you're into strategy. It has a couple of flaws, but overall it's a great game.+ The map is huge.+ The starting situation variety is great. There are, off the top of my head, 27 factions. Each having their own benefits, like +15% mining output and/or +25% combat experience. Then there's the starting general to add to that, which you can fully customize with 3 points. You can make it a frontline general, with for example, 2 points in Defence and 1 point in Morale, which gives it extra % for the unit it is attached too. Or you can make an economic leader to govern your city and get more % tax, etc etc.+Resource management. There are a variety of resources to be exploited. Like gold, wheat, wood, etc. Food you obviously need to feed your army and workers. Wood to upgrade buildings, resources, siege weaponry and ships. Gold to maintain your army, city/camp upgrades and bridges. Make sure you have a stockpile for the winter!!+Zooming from the strategical map to the tactical map.+Strategic map looks great. Seeing your realm rise slowly from 1 city with a couple of resources to an entire empire completely interconnected is awesome.+Lots of fronts with lots of wars. You can't have your troops everywhere, so you'll have to make some decisions where to place them strategically. Don't forget about the invaders from sea!+ Upgrading cities/camps/resources. Putting up stone walls is expensive, but luckily can be countered by having level 2 markets in your cities. Mixing and matching upgrades to certain cities is fun.+ Tech tree. Good decision's can be made there.+ Indie made and it's only the beginning!Besides the good points, I don't really have anything to complain besides bad sound effects."
76561197971284651,Not Recommended,308173,28959711,Posted: 2 January,all,Bad Jim Gripweed,Nice concept and fair graphics - but the UI is incredibly bad. Feels like three different developers were working on it and 2 of them were drunk. Even at a steeply discounted price this one is not worth it. Needs a lot of improvement.
76561198055623677,Not Recommended,308173,18687474,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,walters47,"Even after researching strategies and advice in discussion forums, and after switching from normal to casual gameplay, I found the game was too difficult to gain a handle on and advance. I never got to a point where I enjoyed it. Strongly I hadn't bothered buying."
76561198033794341,Not Recommended,308173,17833268,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,mehmeterol2010,"very hard to understand and manage resources&economy   ,cities are not like civ series nor tw series   ,cities help nothing ,after 4 hours of play still 1. level soldiers   ,very slow tech and military and city upgrade"
,Not Recommended,308173,28829678,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Coolsiideri,Very clunky with broken AI and herding slaves quickly becomes incredibly tedious. Stick with Total War or pick up one of the older Sierra games.
76561197971103047,Recommended,308173,23089230,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,desertdawg,Like it!
76561198007295388,Not Recommended,308173,21862808,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,sgsandor,Intstructions and tuturioal leave MUCH to be desired. Has potential but this was money wasted ATM
,Not Recommended,308173,17743287,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Roelath,"My laptop is a Lenevo Y50 and it stutters often... I put the settings on low and the game looks quite bad. If I'm able to run Evolve, EU4, Attila & Rome II, Elite Dangerous, and plenty of high end games on my system without a problem I don't see why this one should be.The game isn't optimized as of yet and should be avoided until it's fixed. It looked fun but, if you can't even play it without horrible graphics(Below or on par with Age of Empires II) with some stuttering or good graphics with inescapable stuttering you're not going to have a fun time."
,Not Recommended,308173,17804096,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,MrDespair,Quick review on why you should not get this game:1) Bugs everywhere (unit commands and getting stuck etc.)2) Extreme lack of instruction3) Very slow unit and skill tree progressionThe game itself is fun but the issues mentioned above are enough to ruin the experience.
,Not Recommended,308173,22735100,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MixFix,"in all honesty the only person i would recomend this game to is my worst enemy!..its so slow and frustrating..took me hours to get my gold up to around 500 then in a flash it was gone,and your left there for hours where you can't do anything because you have no gold,your enemies armies thrash you of all youve built up in minutes..i even went so far as to buy a trainer but to no avail,gave me wood and food but refused to give me a little gold to get me off my ars again..this gold thing needs seriuos tech workover,it totally rrecks the game enjoyment and play,bringing in my oppinion this game down from a 9/10 to a 2/10..No would not recomend."
76561198007323037,Not Recommended,308173,17763111,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,calamanci,"Another mishap with the same game flaws as the past 2 in series. Dead boring micromanagement overkill, clunky, lacks that special somthing and the management of everything becomes tedious."
76561198153987230,Recommended,308173,24134282,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,BIG BLACK COOK,Deez games r fine bruh
76561198074706539,Not Recommended,308173,21628420,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,EK,Not as good as Age of Empires.
76561198006723606,Not Recommended,308173,18109443,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,ashvien25,refund
76561198163379504,Not Recommended,308173,17943161,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,davidlmcp,"This was incredibly complicated, dull and a mind numbingly boring!"
76561198061062445,Recommended,308173,32658766,Posted: 22 June,all,thehunteryeah,Under-rated. Nough said
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,308173,18589063,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,AiDec,Bad game.
76561197980974856,Not Recommended,308173,17733355,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,leonidas480bc,Do not buy this game as it is still  a work in progress
76561198035302415,Recommended,308173,25109811,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,threeswords,i like this
76561198038894498,Not Recommended,308173,17781190,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Griffin,♥♥♥♥♥poor.
,Not Recommended,308173,22073118,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Serendipity,real♥♥♥♥♥♥game I really tried but I can't play this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198050038550,Recommended,308173,32974269,Posted: 28 June,all,vladvlad097,it's ok...
76561198261745564,Not Recommended,308173,23606972,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dr. Phil,It is to laggy for me.  ;(
76561198018994199,Not Recommended,308173,17782369,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Lori37,"crap game, horrible graphics, clunky gameplay"
76561198020760454,Recommended,308173,32750853,Posted: 24 June,all,Scorpio,"Only a few hours in and ummmmmm......it looks cool,but other then that may need to read a book to find out how to get wood and supply a city or wtf...Should have gotten to 2 hours and refunded..."
76561198098094703,Not Recommended,308173,24771916,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Henry Becerra,"It's good ,but not worth for the price."
76561198016170972,Not Recommended,308173,24445762,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,oakdini,i got some bugsthere is box of debug on screen when i playhow i resolve it
,Not Recommended,308173,17734003,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Gonzo,"Telling it how it is like it is...Gave it another go.Re-did Tutorial, still uninformative and gives no information on how to actually manage cities or rescources. It's more of an interactive cinematic prologue and introduces people who have never played an RTS in their lifetime.UI is cluttered and not very helpful.Camera controls are sticky, slippery and clunky (keys, mouse-to-edge, middle mouse button)combat is a nightmare to comprehend, icons are so little its hard to tell who's doing what, what's going where.I feel like im playing 20 games at once when playing Hegemony III. It's way cluttered with a mongrel of features that contradict each other and just leaces a sour feeling of confusion and not knowing what is actually making an impact on the game.I couldnt reccomend this to anyone with anyreason why to play it other than to trick them it's Total War game."
76561198105098927,Not Recommended,308173,29471338,Posted: 24 January,all,UniverseonFire,"look, you are gonna see that the UI is bad and you're gonna say ""hmm maybe ill buy it anyway"" trust me, it takes a. lot. of getting used to. too long to request a return. hoped this helped!"
76561198042141586,Not Recommended,308173,17730077,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Troy,"So the game looks and feels great but my reason why I didnt like this game is as follows.NO voice acting at all.Terrible tutorial and very complicated.The combat is so boring. Id rather watch stick figure fights.So much words of non-sense on the description of things.The sounds are SO generic its disgusting. All units walking sound the same and look exaclty alike and there manner of walking is just rediculous.The way you upgrade the buidling and troops is so confusing.I'm not gonna argue with some one if this is a good or bad game, but I for one am requesting a refund."
76561197970024915,Recommended,308173,25310471,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,The Apostle,"I love this game more than I love a granny tranny porno, however if you are a veteran of the series the AI really doesn't test you"
76561198041710161,Not Recommended,308173,17719278,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,eyehatejunkemail,"I tried really hard to like this game. After getting really bored with Rome II really fast I was looking for another good strategy game. This was more like work than fun to me. My mouse was choppy, I had to go to the strategic map to move it properly. The entire interface is just not put together well. Nothing is easy to use or do. You basically have to read the entire manual to figure anything out and even then there is so much left out. Why should I ahve to connect every resource node to my city? Well It's becuase if it's over a river or something the game can't connect them when you tell it to and you have to go through some tedious process of trying to make waypoints to connect it yourself, which never really work nor will the game tell you why they don't work. This game needs some serious polishing before I would give it another go."
76561198050056595,Not Recommended,308173,26651250,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Frodo,"My grandpa died because of smoking related cancer. SO my mom said dont ever smoke, and i never did. But i hope i did because this game already gave me cancer."
76561197991679819,Recommended,308173,20538372,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Auu,"Its a RTS that you need to focus more on how to supply your army and key strategic point. Number might mean nothing without food to support your troops or money to pay them.A little bit confused at the beginning because the tutorial is so boring. However, you will like it once you know more about how to play."
76561198030878933,Recommended,308173,20055837,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Calaverax,"I bought this game on something of a whim, based on an interest in Roman history. There is something of a learning curve and there were a number of failed states that passed me by before I got the gist of how I was supposed to be playing and how some of the concepts (supply lines, food, manpower) worked. In fact, I'd originally considered returning it, but decided to stick with it- and I'm really pleased that I did. Past the initial hurdle, there is a very deep and interesting game going on, that I anticipate returning to frequently.I'd happily recommend it to anyone that enjoys strategy games and history."
76561198118160282,Recommended,308173,19817492,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Pike,if this was multiplayer this game would kick♥♥♥♥♥i wish they would add it
,Recommended,308173,21380903,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,terrychizmar,"This is a good game after last 3.1 update, Sometimes very frustrating at times but after a couple play throughs it gets better and is fun to play."
76561198126153639,Recommended,308173,28792537,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,alexx.lexx,super cool game just like total war series
76561198007333451,Recommended,308173,17775213,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Warlordnipple,"This game is for sure better than H2, need to say that right off the bat.I have noticed some reviewers saying this is better than H1: Gold though, that is definitely not true.TL;DR - This is a buggy mess, I constantly get debug screens asking me to save info and send it to the devs. Wait a few months and then check the forums to see if the bugs have been fixed.Wars are terrible and if the game gets multiplayer it would be a lot more fun but the AI has not been developed enough for this game to be anywhere near as interesting as H1 was.-More unit variety but they require buildings, everyone gets the same basic spearmen and archers to start with. For the player this means you will eventually have an interesting variety of units. For the AI this means someday they may get hoplites if they form a large enough (Huge) empire.-Rebels are the strongest faction you will face in the whole game which is really dumb. The AI does not seem to know when or what cities they should be building the upgrades that let you produce better units, whereas rebels seem to scale with time or with your civilization so they will put up a much better fight than the other factions will-The AI has no idea how to manage lots of cities. They almost only build warehouses in cities and they rarely colonize the cities, so that city with stone walls will probably only last for a few minutes vs 3 spearmen and 2 javelins. The AI will stupidly walk out of every city to engage you, instead of picking you off from inside.-This is all a major problem because the larger you get the easier everything gets, by a huge margin.-The missions are far from ""dynamic."" Random would be a better word. I get missions to hand cities or pay tribute to factions that no longer exist, I currently have 2 missions that have the exact same objective (to burn farms) for a faction that no longer exists. H1 had interesting missions that brought good rewards, I mostly ignore these missions because the reward is either literally nothing (great reward there) or like 100 gold. 100 gold is a pitiful amount by the time you have all of your faction under control, which is when you would get these missions. You also have a persistent mission to get a higher population for the fantastic bonus of nothing. What is the point of the population objective? Can someone please tell me in the comments. Obviously I am going to increase my population it is the most important aspect of city management I don't need a pointless objective telling me to do so.(To compare) In H1 you were surrounded by weaker factions and as you expanded the factions got harder and each faction also had different builds of armies. In H1 in the far north you have the nomads with huge horse armies that will decimate your javelins/archers if you are not careful, in the far south you have the Greeks and the terrifying Spartans that require huge amounts of archers to deal with and careful logistical planning, in the far east you have the Persians and there assortment of amazing units of all types to test your army with after you beat the game.In H3 you have some slow moving easy to destroy hoplites if you are lucky and a faction conquered a territory with a lot of gold mines. Hoplites are a particularly garbage unit because unlike in Greece, Italy does not have mountains everywhere. It becomes particularly easy to circle around the hoplites and get 20+ slaves by flanking them. The battle AI has not improved since H1 or H2 because it is very easy to lure hoplites out of formation and take them out one at a time.I can recommend this game after the bugs are fixed despite all the flaws with battle mechanics and the AI. I really hope that a Gold release comes out for this game that fixes many of these issues.Addendum - Really sad that this review is sandwiched between 3 positive reviews only one of which has more playtime in the game than I do.Wow, drastic improvements as far as the game goes. Patches and updates have made this game very playable and easily the best Hegemony game in sandbox form.New Additions that have since changed my review- Lots of changes to colonization, now it takest ime instead of just population from an old city. You can still rush it by using populations from older cities once you are big but in the early game you have to wait for the city to be assimilated/colonized.- New Unit reminiscent of the Hypapists, that grows over time with your expansion and your capital level (improves the unit after so many cities Increases the brigade size by 5 every level your capital is)-No more bugs, or at least I have not run into any of them. Very nice considering it used ot bug out in the intro screen on launch.-Tech is still a bit goofy but has been a bit more streamlined-Tutorial stuff now actually works and helps you understand what to do.-A totally new interface with cites where you can now regulate how much food to give, how much tax they pay and how many citizens you draft.-Reworks the supply lines aspect, now if your territorial control extends to the other city or resource you can get it without a supply line, this is nice but makes the later game a bit easier because you will waste so little money on supply routes."
,Recommended,308173,35005038,Posted: 16 September,all,Count of War,"I have put hours into this strategy game, have played from a little rome to owning a qaurter of italy, so far this game has yet to let me down on my strategic itches, logistics and tactics all play a MASSIVE part of this game. Exploration is fun because you never know which area of the map will offer a new challenge to overcome, where you place a defensive fortification matters more than having the biggest army around. While you're off fighting your enemies you have to remember to keep your economy on track, winter will cost you food and during summer you need to be building up a stockpile of food or your people will go hungry in the winter (fields grow slower, fish are caught slower, you go from fully positive food stockpiling to fully negative).I have truly never seen a strategy game this in-depth and this challenging and mind-boggling in a sense of tactics, logistics and combat, strategy in a battlefield is as important as scouting out your enemy for weaknesses or to know what you can do to fight them off. Hegemony III is easily one of my favorite large-scale city and empire builders in the gaming industry, yeah you can't build your city specifics or build anywhere you want, it's very controlled there but that doesn't kill its fun. This isn't meant to be a city builder specifically but more like a war theatre simulator, economics, everything comes into play with this game, from moving units on the larger scale theatre map to commanding them down on the strategic map, which is extremely seamless, this game has a LOT of time to offer.I truly look forward to more games like this, maybe even bigger! i hope they keep true to what Hegemony III Did, maybe able to scale it up with better animations, but THIS IS A GAME WORTH BUYING if you like a challenging theatre-esk styled strategy game with much needed thought to tactics, logistics and Economy down to individual cities happiness.CONS: I will honestly say that the micromanaging can be an issue in this game, it will keep you moving back and forth between cities constantly pausing the game to make tweaks here and tweaks here. This isn't a truly bad CON to this game though as it does challenge me to manage my cities especially until i get my research up to assimilate cities into my growing kingdom/empire.Another CON was how hard it was for research to progress, however I do see it as more of a good thing too as it gives you a scope of technological size and the time-frame of the game, as you are conquering you have to be smart about what buildings to place in which cities where and it does make for a sometimes strenuous activity while you are trying to also defend your borders and move troops.One last CON is the lack of multiplayer, this game would be interestingly fun to play with a friend, hopefully that's going to be a thing for Hegemony IIIAll-in-all this is a MUST HAVE for the strategy geeks out there, i know you're out there so stop hiding!"
